  because this is bullshit . 
  come on , fellow americans !, 
  let 's open our doors to romanians !, 
  they have awesome accents and good manners !, 
  edit : here it is , sent to the us state department : having met wonderful visitors and us residents from romania , i am perplexed by the state department 's continued policy of requiring pre-visit visas for visiting romanians . 
  no other eu countries have such requirements . 
  i see no security reason for requiring romanians to obtain pre-visit visas . 
  i urge the state department to reconsider its policy in this regard and waive the necessity for romanian tourists to obtain visas for simple 90-day visits to the us . 
  thank you . 
  we needed the extra nukes because once the soviets saw the little red dots , they would need to call in overlords to expose the ghosts . 
  they only had 20 seconds to expose the ghosts and kill them with fast zerglings before the nukes landed . 
  historic fact . 
  yeah !, 
  and romanians like us 0.1 % more than they like germans !, 
  in your face , germany !, 
  we win - again !, 
  :0 ) seriously , though : it seems like romanians have an affinity for cultures that have positive cultural exports and welcome romanian immigration . 
  not surprising . 
  and on a personal note : i find the romanian accent in english to be alluring . 
  especially the women , of course . 
  but even my romanian buddy vasil has a captivating accent . 
  he gets all the chicks here in america . 
  the whole `` dracula '' thing is really working out for him . 
  irish and welsh sound kinda hebrew to me . 
  i think they should change it to \u0413\u0440\u0446\u0438\u0440\u0433\u0435\u0458 . 
  `` yeah , the wife and i are flying into belgrade . 
  we 'll take the train south , then cross the border into greeksrgay . 
  we 'll meet some friends in skopje for dinner !, 
  it 'll be wonderful ! '', 
  this is a sad repeat of what happened with canada after 9/11 . 
  i live 17 miles from the canadian border and used to enjoy regular jaunts to vancouver . 
  but then came 9/11 and american border patrol started making life really difficult for canadians driving to bellingham to buy milk , books , and gasoline . 
  so the canadian border guards escalated and started requiring passports and searching american vehicles with a renewed vigor . 
  it 's still that way today . 
  my last two trips to vancouver were awful . 
  i was searched , questioned , and kept aside for over an hour . 
  it was a real pita . 
  i have n't been back . 
  worth noting : in 2010 i traveled to republika srpska in a rented croatian vehicle . 
  at the border , two hefty serb fellows with ak-47 's glanced at my passport for two seconds and waved me through . 
  so what i 'm saying is i think america should bomb ottawa . 
  once the bombing ends and canada and america re-normalize relations , it will be easier to cross the border . 
  or something . 
  ethnic moroccans and turks are clearly `` different '' from ethnic dutch . 
  it 's understandable how they might feel like outsiders . 
  [ here 's what dutch people look like . 
  ] ( http://nucnet.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/zp.jpg ), 
  my sister married an englishman . 
  they live in reading . 
  they love to holiday in cornwall . 
  and they are poor . 
  map checks as 100 % accurate . 
   serbs already are provided plenty of rights by the constitution of kosovo , which states clearly that kosovo is a multi-ethnic state , and thus ensures safeguards for all minorities , including positive discrimination for them when it comes to employment in the public sector etc. 
  the problem is that serbs in kosovo simply do not want to integrate , and this corrupt piece of shit government on the other hand never showed any interest in helping them integrate either . 
  thanks for the comprehensive response . 
  this may be true . 
  but using bih as an example , government institutes a `` fair employment regardless of ethnicity '' rule , and then quietly , effectively , prefers certain ethnicities . 
  it is n't a balkan thing necessarily . 
  it happens all over the place . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine that serbs get much traction applying for government jobs in kosovo , but i could be wrong . 
  ( most of what i learn about kosovo and bosnia is from blogs created by american journalists embedded in these locations ) . 
  can any kosovars explain the aak 's aims ? 
  the way i see it , kosovo would be well-served by restoring civil rights to the serb minority and normalizing relations with their non-albanian neighbors . 
  it 's a big world out there and kosovo is tiny . 
  the country will not survive as an insular thugocracy . 
  albania does n't have the resources to endlessly support kosovo and nato is n't thrilled about a dysfunctional state in the balkans . 
  i can understand lingering ethnic albanian resentment . 
  the war was ugly . 
  but it 's time to move on . 
  it 's time to stop being petulant and play ball . 
  governing means compromise . 
  you do n't always get what you want . 
  pick a goal - a prosperous , secure kosovo - and work toward that . 
  let the `` knucklehead '' stuff go . 
  note : i plan to visit kosovo this summer and i expect you to be on your best behavior !, 
  i do n't care about the welfare/pension spending . 
  it 's the health spending !, 
  this guy pays as much in one year for universal health care as i do in one month * for `` sorta pays for most stuff sorta usually '' health insurance . 
  * my employer actually pays most of the premium , but it 's around $ 600/mo . 
  so many delightful options !, 
   # 15 beer for that price , that beer had better be 2 liters and and have the foam bubbles pop to the tune of `` silent night '' . 
  isis is a death cult . 
  they specifically want a global war with the west . 
  they will gladly sacrifice themselves and millions of civilians if it means they can kick off a major religious war . 
  the end goal is the destruction of the west and the inexorable rebirth of a global caliphate from the ashes . 
  if it means 90 % of all muslims die , they are ok with that . 
  this is interesting . 
  here in america , it is implicitly understood that if you want to teach english abroad , you go to asia . 
  this is because the british have supposedly filled up english courses throughout europe . 
  but it sounds like most english instruction in europe is from esl natives , not native english ( british ) speakers . 
  if this is true , perhaps it 's time for more americans to teach english in europe . 
  we make pretty good teachers . 
  i have a buddy in korea and another in china teaching english and they are beloved by students . 
  i could n't believe budapest and tallinn were so cheap . 
  so i did some shopping . 
  jesus h christ on a cracker !, 
  i can get a large , comfy , fully-appointed 2bd apartment right on the danube in budapest for under $ 300,000 !!!, 
  move away from the river a bit and things get even cheaper !, 
  i 've been to budapest and i liked it quite a bit . 
  hey hungary !,
