  that was awfully cynical . 
  every damn olympic host operates on a sliding scale of bribery , collusion , and corruption . 
  i do n't think athens was much worse than any other . 
  once the games are fixed in athens , utilizing their already-installed infrastructure , the chances for corrupt profiteering will be reduced . 
  the stadiums and facilities will be an on-going concern rather than a one-time cash grab . 
  the corruption will be small compared to , say , setting up an entirely new olympic city every four years . 
  i think the summer games should be permanently moved to athens . 
  it will cut down on the wasteful infrastructure , return the spirit of the games where it belongs , and give the struggling greek economy a regular boost . 
   so if the pope wakes up and says `` the sky is orange '' , it means nothing . 
  but if the pope wakes up and says `` i am making an infallible declaration that the sky is orange '' , then it must be true . 
  that is why few infallible declarations are ever made . 
  not exactly . 
  the pope is infallible * only when making decisions that affect church doctrine * . 
  so , if the pope says `` i declare you should only make omelets with three eggs , not two '' , he 's merely making a comment about breakfast . 
  he can be safely ignored . 
  but if the pope says : `` the liturgy of the eucharist shall be celebrated only in latin '' , then not only will it be made so universally , but it will be accepted as doctrine , as if it were a rule enacted by god . 
  that 's how papal infallibility works . 
  the pope 's declarations regarding church doctrine ( and only church doctrine ) are considered divinely inspired and therefore `` infallible '' . 
  source : raised catholic , did catholic school and catechism , and my mother was a nun for seven years in her youth and knows all the rules . 
  alternate source : wikipedia . 
  this is interesting . 
  i live in the cloudiest city ( with a population over 50,000 ) in the mainland us . 
  our raininess is well known . 
  but our average annual precipitation is around 900mm , like much of western europe . 
  of course , head east into the mountains and the annual precipitation jumps to 16,000 mm ( not a typo ) with a world record of 29,000 mm . 
  that 's a lot of snow . 
  that 's the first time i 've seen something referred to as `` totes halal '' . 
  thx for the biggest laugh of my day . 
  no googling , only memory ... - was part of what was once called thrace in roman times . 
  known for fierce warriors , including spartacus . 
  - became part of the slavic migration around 500-600ad . 
  - uses a cyrillic alphabet . 
  - orthodox christianity . 
  survived centuries of ottoman control . 
  - bulgarian criminal organizations were claimed to be the conduit for russian influence of serb `` black hand '' operatives , including gavrilo princip , who assassinated archduke ferdinand , sparking ww1 . 
  - fell behind the iron curtain after ww2 and was all commie and stuff . 
  - emerged from the fall of the iron curtain but still has a struggling economy . 
  - capital is sofia . 
  - has a black sea coast that is apparently very nice . 
  got ta ask : if there was a secession , where would the line be ? 
  would it be tuscany , umbria , marches , plus all regions north of them ? 
  i 've always wondered this . 
  what 's the italian `` mason-dixon '' line ? 
  what about slough ? 
  i 've heard they have some really kinetic pub trivia nights . 
  i like building spreadsheets of potential overseas trips and the one i made for 2 weeks in iceland gave me sticker shock . 
  much as i 'd love to shoot some nice icelandic landscape shots , i think romania will do nicely . 
  during this time , nz also handed a big fuck you to united states when they banned any ships containing nukes or powered by nuclear powerplants . 
  it was a bold move because the usn does n't advertise which ships may or may not be a bit nukey . 
  so the ban essentially banned all us warships from new zealand waters . 
  the reagan administration was unhappy and threatened to walk away from anzus , but in the end they relented . 
  nz maintains its nuclear-free zone to this day . 
  the moral of this story : nz does n't take a lot of shit . 
  if you are n't sure how much shit they 'll put with , try them . 
  you 'll find out . 
  since it sometimes helps to realize others have it worse than you , i decided to cheer up all the scots/norwegians/icelanders / irish who have very few hours of sun . 
  i live in bellingham , wa usa . 
  our average hours of daylight is about 12 : 8 in mid-winter , 16 in mid-summer . 
  of those , only 35 % are sunny . 
  that leaves us with ... 613 hours each year of sunny weather . 
  we make the scottish highlands look like morocco . 
  my sister lives in england and i 've visited a few times . 
  let me sing your praises : - despite the many inglorious council estates , the uk councils and cities pay attention to historic buildings . 
  this can be painful for owners and developers , but it pays off in maintaining beautiful places that would otherwise be swallowed by greed . 
  - the british can take a joke . 
  they constantly insult each other for fun and , once you get to know them , can take a joke from you , too . 
  the west coast of the us is not like this . 
  ( `` you said what about my mother ??? 
  that is not cool !, 
  blah blah blah ... '' ) - people often comment about how friendly americans are , but in my experience brits can be friendly , too . 
  mostly in pub and party situations . 
  they may be reserved in public , but will gladly offer a seat at the pub and engage in conversation with strangers . 
  - despite brexit , the vast majority of brits are live-and-let-live types . 
  they are far more concerned about people who put in the milk before the tea than they are about people with dark skin . 
  - the rolling green fields of britain may not be pristine wilderness , but they are beautiful and definitive of the nation . 
  - top 10 national flag . 
  it 's awesome . 
  - capital is tirana , where the old communist-era residential towers got a facelift with fancy paint colors . 
  trying to spruce the place up and all that . 
  - the city of durres is on the coast . 
  it 's really old , from greek antiquity . 
  - enver hoxha was the communist dictator . 
  he was a real dick , but one of the things he did right was make car ownership really hard . 
  as a consequence albania has a lot of unspoiled wilderness and reasonably clean air . 
  - ethnic albanians are the majority in kosovo , but like every other concentrated diaspora they are bit too nationalistic and have some really bad habits . 
  - met a woman from albania studying here in the us . 
  she was incredibly gorgeous and had two advanced degrees . 
  way out of my league , but she let me down easy . 
  so 100 % of the albanian women i met were wonderful women . 
  i think it should be decided by an 8-round no-holds-barred cage match between croatian president kolinda grabar-kitarovi\u0107 and slovenian president borut pahor . 
  kolinda may be a woman but she 's a tough cookie and a few years younger than pahor . 
  if the 7th round ends with an apparent stalemate we can toss some metal folding chairs into the cage and let them bash it out in the final round . 
  in two minutes one will be left standing and will assume possession of that tiny tract of marshland and the adjoining bay . 
  two people enter . 
  one person leaves . 
  you can check it out [ on google maps ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@46.4079732,16.5222629,3a,75y,199.09h,87.67t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s0uknkngokvlzvkclpp9icq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) to see its place of prominence . 
  all hail marshal potato !, 
  - split between greek and turkish influence . 
  had a long civil war that hurt a lot of people and accomplished nothing . 
  obstinate nationalists are obstinate .
