  bonus : you guys are already handy with guns . 
  now [ memorize this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpkp29luryc ) and sort out some land for the military bases . 
  big ones . 
  it 's important for y' all to get away once in a while and see the stars . 
  i 'm lucky in that i can drive two hours into mountainous wilderness and spend a night in a tent looking at the stars . 
  it 's an amazing thing to behold . 
  it helps to have some elevation but not be surrounded by tall mountains . 
  looks like snowdonia , rural ireland , rural tuscany , and the northern reaches of sweden and norway are good - with clear night skies being the big factor , leaving tuscany as a best bet . 
  years ago , i took my gf to mt. 
  garibaldi in british columbia for two nights . 
  we brought a star chart and snuggled into the tent with our heads poking out the front to watch the stars . 
  it was beautiful and fun to find constellations . 
  the milky way was bright and clear . 
  a very memorable trip . 
  we appreciate your affection , but for the love of god , do not let us into eurovision . 
  you do not want to see what the lowest forms of american musical performers are like . 
   if quebec separates , the maritimes will be offered entry into the us . 
  we could get the trailer park boys ? 
  i always keep a serbian sniper in my closet just in case i need to defend my house . 
  a friend of mine is a semi-retired high-level border enforcement expert . 
  the us government still calls on him now and then . 
  two years ago he led border enforcement training for the lovely peoples of macedonia and serbia . 
  ( he really liked skopje ; he thought all those new sculptures were kinda neat . ), 
  last year he gave a quick public synopsis of border enforcement changes in the usa . 
  it was n't exactly post-9 / 11 ; even after 9/11 we continued to have poor communications , both internally and internationally . 
  that 's where he comes in . 
  he found the best way to identify and isolate bad actors was to integrate with foreign border enforcers and intelligence organizations - with speed of communication being of the essence . 
  he cited several alarming cases on the canadian border that were resolved peacefully but only with fast , efficient international cooperation . 
  this surely extends to our relationship with european countries . 
  i have no doubt that us border enforcement and the state department are equally unhappy with the level of cooperation we are getting from some eu member states . 
  we have `` a system '' and while it is n't perfect , it has proven to be better than what we had before . 
  we do n't want to dilute it or compromise it . 
  it 's important to us . 
  i know that visiting the usa is a pain in the ass . 
  i 'm an american and sometimes getting home from abroad is a pain in the ass . 
  it 's harder for you foreigners . 
  but we have a plan in place . 
  we need you guys to support it . 
  we need your cooperation . 
  personally , i 'd like to see visa restrictions on romania lifted , but that 's just me . 
  i may not know the whole story . 
  but if france , italy , belgium , germany and greece are n't cooperating , we have to convince them to cooperate . 
  it angers me that it could severely inconvenience a lot of innocent people and make us look like jerk-bags , but this stuff is important . 
  sometimes we know stuff you do n't know , sometimes you have critical stuff we need to know . 
  we both want to find the bad guys , so let 's agree to do everything we can to get them . 
  i 've heard hp sauce goes really well with with roast camel . 
  so you got that going for you . 
  sorry , guys . 
  with all these millions of immigrants flooding in from india and ethiopia , we got distracted . 
  and besides , we figured you 'd be happy next door to russia . 
  if it 's any consolation , you can join up with the bosnian serbs in what was once costa rica . 
  that is , if you do n't mind living with bosnian serbs . 
  we moved them to the pacific coast of the country . 
  nice views . 
  cheaper real estate . 
  i was visiting my buddy mike in vienna many years ago . 
  he told me this story ... vienna was receiving many muslim immigrants , mostly from turkey . 
  upon arrival , these immigrant families tended to remain in isolation . 
  the viennese and austrian governments drew up plans to `` force '' immigrants to learn german . 
  this made the political left very upset , and they marched in the street about this horrible , evil forced integration scheme . 
  then , to the surprise and embarrassment of the left , muslim women started marching in the streets , demanding to be forced to learn german . 
  why ? 
  because immigrant husbands were keeping their wives sequestered at home . 
  without language skills , these women could not find work of any kind . 
  they wanted to learn the language , to get jobs , to integrate into austrian society . 
  since their husbands were being assholes , they needed the state to step in and force the matter . 
  ( austrians here can probably confirm the story and how it all turned out ) . 
  that 's just it . 
  english is such a hybrid mess of germanic , latin , and french that etymology becomes a real bitch . 
  but we call the central european country `` germany '' because during the time of imperial rome that 's what the newly romanized gauls called it . 
  ( no one 's sure what the celtic gauls meant with `` germania '' , but it 's thought to have meant `` neighbor '' or `` people of the forest '' ) regardless , julius caesar called it germania , and area became known in rome as germania . 
  rome conquers britain and the locals start adopting latin words . 
  like what to call that place on the other side of gaul covered in forest . 
  `` germania '' . 
  the name stuck . 
  i do n't see a crimea under total hegemony of ukraine , but i can imagine ukraine taking back administrative control over crimea and flying its flag , but offering a 100-year lease on the ports russia has historically maintained . 
  local russians may bristle under a ukrainian flag , but crimea could enjoy some level of autonomy from kiev . 
  there are precedents for such arrangements . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  we just like selling weapons . 
  we have pre-conditions , of course . 
  you must have the money . 
  once you meet that condition , we sell you the weapons . 
  so there is no need for vu\u010di\u0107 to get all huffy . 
  he can have american weapons , too . 
  he simply has to meet the same pre-conditions . 
  in fact , we 're having a big winter sale on the m1a1ha abrams . 
  act now and we 'll throw in 40 120mm l/44 shells - free !, 
  operators are standing by . 
  just call +1 1-800-usa-blam . 
  i 'm of polish descent and grew up in a mixed polish/irish neighborhood in new jersey . 
  oh , the jokes !, 
  my favorite one is this : did you hear about the pole who locked his keys in his car ? 
  it took him 4 hours to get his family out . 
  i will !, 
  i do believe we need to relax the visa requirements for romanian visitors . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it 's something i have talked about before . 
  talk , no action . 
  so i 'll write my congressman and i 'll write the state dept.
