  i have n't been to either place so i ca n't comment . 
  as an outsider who has been to most of europe , my vote is ... { drumroll } ... london . 
  sorry , london . 
  i visited you twice and tried my best to roll with you , but it just did n't click . 
  your skyline is a jumbled mess . 
  your public parks and riverfront are not worth visiting . 
  which is sad because your urban core is so noisy and so busy everyone would like a respite from it . 
  you have some of the best museums , restaurants , and entertainment in the world . 
  no one can take that from you . 
  but to enjoy it , one must endure everything else . 
  you have the density and noise of manhattan without the ever-present buzz of excitement . 
  you have buried your history among glass and steel monstrosities . 
  your neighborhoods stretch on forever and seem to be losing their identities ( and their local pubs ) at an alarming rate . 
  do n't get me wrong : i love england and i love english people . 
  my sister married a brit and i love visiting her and your fair country . 
  i would gladly live in brighton or bath , or even bristol , because it also starts with a b. 
  but london ? 
  no thanks . 
  y' all need to nuke the site from orbit and start all over again . 
  the thing you got ta understand us that we americans have a tendency to do whatever seems to work . 
  we do n't often think things through . 
  we are very much like stupid car mechanics . 
  if a hammer fixed the loose hub cap , then a hammer should fix a sticky carburetor . 
  right ? 
  when bosnian serbs laid siege to sarajevo , gorazde , etc , and the un did nothing , things got really bad . 
  eventually , we led a nato air campaign that brought milosevic and karadzic to the bargaining table in days . 
  we held the peace accords , they pretty much worked . 
  the settlement was n't perfect but a european genocide was averted . 
  the guns went silent . 
  ff a couple years and serbs are chasing down kosovo albanian lunatics and killing them in sizable numbers . 
  in america , we did n't need to hear that the kla was essentially a terrorist organization making hit-and-run attacks on police stations and the like . 
  did n't matter . 
  all we saw was another nail sticking up and big hammer still in our hands . 
  so we did the american thing . 
  why , i thought we done took care-a them thar serb fellers , but looks like they done popped a cork agin !, 
  what should we do , clem ? '', 
  `` well , seein ' as we done shut them up once before with a good healthy bombin ' i say we do it agin ! '', 
  here we go !, 
  but we like it !, 
  when we see road signs with both scripts , we read the latin one and make fun of the cyrillic one !, 
  we usually get enough laughs to make the road trip a bit more amusing . 
  `` hey everybody !, 
  that 's right !, 
  i ca n't wait to meet some real capajeeboans !, 
  and yes , i am easily amused . 
  listen , man : we were way too busy assisting israel in its bombing raids on the gaza strip to be bothered shooting down civilian aircraft over donetsk . 
  granted , we feel like we may have missed an opportunity , but what 's done is done and what is n't , is n't . 
  sincerely , the cia, 
  please excuse and correct my american ignorance , but i thought that the eurozone admission rules included debt/gdp ( and other ) targets for continued membership , with countries who fail to meet a set of economic targets placed on `` probation '' with the possibility of expulsion should their economic standards continue to fall short . 
  i know that even germany and france have occasionally failed to meet eurozone minimum membership standards , resulting in corrections that put them right . 
  as greece failed horribly to meet targets , the eurozone had the authority to expel them . 
  am i right about this ? 
  i understand brussels ' reticence to expel greece . 
  the euro experiment is still young and no one wants to devastate global confidence in the currency by openly declaring the alliance unstable . 
  but there must be a point where , to paraphrase the declaration of independence , `` it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the economic bands which have connected them with another ... '' this was , in my understanding , already baked into the eurozone charter . 
  there was a mechanism , but no one had the guts to use it . 
  i appreciate what the `` wise men '' are saying , but why should the powers that be adopt and enforce post-hoc rules when they have n't faithfully observed rules already codified ? 
  you can see other regions and zoom in close on this [ light pollution mapping project ] ( http://darksitefinder.com/maps.html ) . 
  it 's interesting . 
  i live in bellingham , wa , which is pretty bright . 
  some years back i climbed mount baker ( 3300m ) , just to the east . 
  it was a crystal clear july night and the stars , the milky way , and the twinkling diamonds on the glacier 's snow were totally amaze-balls . 
  got back home a few days later and looked into the night sky and ... moon . 
  a couple stars . 
  at least you can buy beer in the city . 
  he kept computer notes in a folder called `` target '' ? 
  geez . 
  `` hey fellas : let 's look at the alleged terrorist 's drive . 
  hmmm ... we got adobe ... apps ... drivers ... installs ... program files ... program files ( x86 ) ... temp ... aha !, 
  look here !, 
  ` terrorist plans to destroy infidel pigdogs ! ', 
  folder !, 
  i found it ! '', 
  i think it 's time for the noble people of iceland to find themselves a new leader they can rely on . 
  someone with global influence who is respected . 
  someone who is n't in bed with the banks . 
  someone who can lead them to a new identity of national pride and cultural influence . 
  sometimes when traveling you end up in an outlier of local behavior . 
  it 's what makes trips fun !, 
  in 2014 i took a cycling trip from amsterdam to marken . 
  i then took the ferry to volendam . 
  ( a ferry that was advertised as a `` cruise '' for some reason . ), 
  once on the boat , i noticed something strange . 
  it was about 1:00 pm and almost everyone was drunk . 
  they also had little nederland flags in their hands . 
  once the ferry got underway , they started singing patriotic dutch songs . 
  loudly . 
  and laughing . 
  i was the only foreigner and i did n't speak dutch so i just smiled and nodded my head a lot . 
  as we approached volendam , the town was outfitted with carnival rides and loud music . 
  we disembarked and i was let into an enormous crowd of outrageously drunk dutch people . 
  dj 's were pumping out pop music and patriotic dutch songs at ear-splitting volume . 
  the waterside streets were packed with people . 
  and they were all very drunk and very loud . 
  i stashed my bicycle and investigated . 
  according to a stumbling drunk dutch guy ( who said he liked americans and threw his arm around me ) , volendam was having its annual town celebration . 
  which is lovely and all , but i felt out of place . 
  it 's not easy being a sober , sweaty american in a huge sea of drunk dutch people . 
  so i cycled off to edam to get some cheese . 
  that 's just how it goes sometimes .
