at the risk of invoking an ethnic battle in this subreddit ; i would like to ask a fundamental question : why does catalonia seek independence from spain ? 
  preface : i 'm aware of catalan nationalist ideals , both historic and recent . 
  but i 'm not aware of the problems that are causing the current drive for independence . 
  why is spain so detestable that catalans seek to separate themselves ? 
  as an american , please understand that we try the throw about the positive aspects of our culture freely while keeping the worst aspects of our culture ( the diarrhea ) inside our tight diapers . 
  however , we occasionally get a leak in the diapers and things spill out . 
  things like jersey shore , kanye west , and the klan . 
  we 'll try harder to keep our diapers nice and tight . 
  sorry about the mess . 
  i 'm not kronos9898 , but i think he was inferring that americans look to europe ( esp britain ) as the forebears of their own society , as the well from which they sprung . 
  our traditions and laws are based on the traditions and laws of western europe . 
  granted : some romans viewed greece as a weak state unworthy of much roman concern . 
  but most roman philosophers , leaders , and poets viewed greece as the embryo of rome 's greatness . 
  greeks were viewed as civilized aesthetes , now laid low only by the roman sword . 
  the wealthiest romans hired greeks as tutors for their children because to have a greek education ( and understand the language ) was a mark of intellect and refinement . 
  you wo n't hear it from `` patriotic '' americans , but we do look to europe as the seat of our civilization . 
  the greatest artworks and compositions are those of the european masters . 
  the transcendent power and fairness of democratic ideals were created and refined in europe . 
  americans view europe as the source of aesthetic refinement and philosophical enlightenment . 
  ( worth noting : it was the flowering of our `` roman '' greatness which eventually led us to create our own influential artworks , music , science , and culture . 
  before the 20th century , we lived in europe 's shadow . 
  nowadays , rock n ' roll , jazz , pizza , and american technology are everywhere . ), 
  like rome , we americans borrowed older social and cultural mores , using war and trade to exploit them to their fullest , achieving empire and becoming ridiculously wealthy . 
  plenty of writers and thinkers compare america to a new rome , and there 's an awful lot of evidence to back up the claim . 
  but in that light we can also view europe as the new greece , the ongoing cradle of western civilization and art . 
  europe 's overpowering light may have dimmed in the glare of american imperialism , but it 's still there and some of us can still see it . 
  when i visited mostar i took lots of photos of stari most , of course . 
  but as it turns out my favorite picture is [ what you see from atop stari most ] ( http://imgur.com/eputw3w ) . 
  i must ask : were you among the krajina or slavonia serbs who fled during operation storm ? 
  i am an armchair student of yugoslav history and would be interested in your story . 
  you can message me unless you think the story belongs in this subreddit . 
  that 's where i get lost . 
  you see , we english speakers always have a vowel to link the mi `` ll `` ion sound . 
  `` mill-yun '' . 
  my mouth simply refuses to produce that `` ll '' sound without a vowel on the end . 
  can i buy a vowel ? 
  i 'll give the yugoslavian peoples $ 5 if i can put a vowel on the end of prijatelj . 
  after all , the word means `` friend '' and we 're all friends . 
  i know , but when it 's at the end of a word , how is it pronounced ? 
  is it `` pree-yat-el-yeh '' ? 
  or `` pree-at-el-yuh '' or what ? 
  i 've visited croatia twice and look forward to my next trip . 
  i realize you guys have problems with employment and corruption , but you are a young democracy and things will get better . 
  if you live in croatia , especially istria or dalmatia , you live in a very beautiful place with far more opportunity than you realize . 
  i happen to live in a very pleasant corner of america and i like it here very much . 
  but if i was faced with a choice of leaving the pacific northwest for anywhere else in america , or moving to istria/dalmatia , it would be croatia all the way . 
  i just got ta learn the damn language . 
  like `` prijatelj '' . 
  do you pronounce the `` j '' at the end like `` yuh '' or `` yeh '' or something ? 
  wtf ? 
  why ca n't you guys buy some vowels ?? 
  can we really trust the norwegians ? 
  they could easily carve a dragon on the prow of that ship , sail it to nova scotia , make for land , and pillage the local presbyterian church . 
  in the us , the illegal immigrant ( or undocumented immigrant or whatever you want to call it ) has vast options for regular employment . 
  small companies as well as large corporations benefit from their labor . 
  if you have no social security number , then you are either hired anyway or taken on as a `` contractor '' . 
  but more often , as in every other immigrant community the world over , illegal immigrants form their own communities and use the tendrils of available resources to fashion themselves regular employment . 
  this is most apparent in the construction and landscaping trades . 
  an illegal immigrant can go to any metropolitan area and find fellow countrymen to work with in obtaining employment . 
  if you are mexican , go to any city and find the community . 
  within the community are legal mexican immigrants as well as mexican-american citizens . 
  ask them for help . 
  you 'll get a job landscaping , for instance . 
  and after landscaping for a few years , sending home remittances and saving some cash , you can buy your own truck and tools . 
  you can apply for a municipal business license as well as a driver 's license . 
  no one will ask for your birth certificate or ssi card . 
  you are now a business owner . 
  you hire a few illegals to help you out . 
  you pay your taxes to avoid uncle sam 's scrutiny , and you keep the profits . 
  this leads to an unusual circumstance : this person is `` illegal '' , but runs an honest business , pays his taxes , and contributes to the community . 
  the rich folks who hire him have zero interest in his legal status . 
  they just want a nice lawn and juan does a terrific job for a fair price . 
  juan will likely never become a citizen . 
  he can never apply for benefits . 
  but that 's not his plan . 
  he wants to leverage america to make some money for his family . 
  maybe build a new house in mexico . 
  maybe retire there , too . 
  but he might stay in america . 
  once his financial affairs are stable , he can bring his family north . 
  his kids will go to american schools , master the language , and mainstream . 
  ( every american knows , or has married , the children of illegal immigrants - it 's so common , it 's common . ), 
  i 'm 51 and i 've lived all over america and i 've seen this time and again . 
  the newly arrived are nervous and defensive . 
  they find work , but eschew integration because they are mexican/salvadoran/whatever . 
  not american . 
  then , they either stay and start slowly mainstreaming , or they go back home . 
  within one generation , they are usually well integrated . 
  and uncle sam looks the other way . 
  finding them , isolating them , arresting and deporting them is far less fiscally responsible than letting them stay . 
  it 's a quiet calculation that america made many years ago . 
  of course , this is not a mirror of what europe can expect from middle eastern and north african migrants . 
  the new world is wholly westernized and assimilation in either direction is smooth . 
  ( many american retire in mexico or costa rica ; i 've considered it myself ) . 
  the language barrier is as low as ever . 
  ( americans who speak no spanish are rarer than ever ; if you want to conduct business , esp in the southwest , you better learn spanish ) . 
  so , america is very lax about allowing illegals to flourish , but we can afford to . 
  the latins and asians who come here are willing to work and make sacrifices . 
  i 'm not so sure about the muslims fleeing into europe . 
  the cultural differences are enormous .
