  then you come home half drunk and they nag you even more . 
  this is heaven ? 
  this is the reward for murdering innocent people ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  72 virgins ? 
  really ? 
  if you want to entice me into performing a vile suicide mission i 'm gon na need something better than that . 
  like an eternity of watching netflix on the sofa while eating a nice sausage pizza and some cheetos and a big glass of schweppes . 
  anything but 72 friggin ' virgins . 
  about the damnatio memoriae of geta : in the roman forum is the beautifully preserved [ arch of septimus severus . 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2244/1753847950_6d355a9500_b.jpg ) caracalla was co-ruling with his brother geta , until family friction proved too much and caracalla had geta murdered and geta 's name , image , and memory expunged from public life . 
  if you look closely at the arch , line 4 , which says `` p. p. optimis fortissimisque principibus '' ( `` fathers of their country , the best and bravest emperors '' ) looks all wonky . 
  that 's because that line was originally a salute to geta , which caracalla had chiseled out , sanded down , then re-engraved to wipe out any mention of geta . 
  we 're making them available for any local freedoming needs . 
  so if you guys see any pockets or crevices that appear to have inadequate freedom , you may use them to insert as much freedom as you can stuff in there . 
  i would have been thrilled !, 
  after all , nice may have palm trees and beautiful beaches and picturesque marinas ( and lovely esplanades and fancy shopping malls and world-class restaurants and hot women in bikinis ) but ni\u0161 has the famous [ `` three fists '' spomenik !, 
  ] ( https://sr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%94%d0%b0%d1%82%d0%be%d1%82%d0%b5%d0%ba%d0%b0:tri_pesnice_bubanj.jpg ) how many three fist spomeniks does nice have ? 
  or france for that matter ? 
  none . 
  there . 
  done . 
  pwned . 
  ni\u0161 is # 1 . 
  in david remnick 's book `` lenin 's tomb '' , he relates some stories from the years prior to the fall of the soviet union . 
  in one story , a group of protesters assembled in red square . 
  they were prepared with signs that said `` we support the constitution of the soviet union ! '', 
  all at once the 10-15 protesters unfurled their signs . 
  seconds later they were all arrested for creating a public disturbance . 
  i thought it was poignant and strange and ironic . 
  and yet history repeats itself . 
  this story made me wonder about mcdonald 's presence in europe and i was surprised to discover there are more mcd 's in france than in the uk . 
  ( 1,300 vs 1,241 ) the brits seem to have made mcd a cultural touchstone , albeit a chavvy one . 
  but the french ? 
  i thought they hated that shit . 
  but the truth is in the numbers . 
  the french love mcdonalds . 
  i 'm bummed about italy . 
  they should have retained roman law so we could all watch corrupt politicians get thrown off the tarpeian rock . 
  i live in washington state . 
  since we legalized recreational marijuana the entire state has fallen into a hopeless miasma of psychosis , terror , violence , and insanity . 
  everyone is running around , waving their arms , and firing guns into the air . 
  not . 
  it has literally changed nothing in our social lives , our security , or our safety . 
  it has brought in hundreds of millions in tax revenue , which helps build schools and treat sick people . 
  i had a nice conversation with some marijuana activists in rome last september . 
  i do n't think the draft passed ; maybe someone in italy can confirm . 
  but i told them to keep up the good fight , that time and history would prove them right . 
  same goes for ireland . 
  sometimes progress on this stuff feels glacial , but 25 years ago i was active in the legalization movement and now i have a choice of retails shops to visit and buy weed legally . 
  ( sadly , i do n't smoke anymore but if i wanted to ... ), 
  i 've become addicted to `` homes under the hammer '' , where british folks buy auction properties and fix them up . 
  sometimes the show astounds me . 
  it goes like this : `` hi !, 
  i 'm here in a typical boring yet bustling midlands city . 
  this terrace was bought at auction for # 30,000 . 
  after investing # 22,000 fixing it , our estate agents believe the owner can realize a sale price of # 63,000 , netting him a before-tax profit of ... # 11,000 !, 
  not bad for two months of back-breaking work turning around this moldy shithole !, 
  i 'm here in an outer borough of london where this godforsaken 1 bedroom shitbox sold at auction for # 375,000 . 
  the new owner spruced it up with a lick of paint and a plastic ceiling rose . 
  let 's check with our estate agent . 
  oooh !, 
  she appriased the flat at # 550,000 , giving our hard-working owner a pre-tax profit of # 175,000 !, 
  not bad for two days of work and # 200 of investment ! '', 
  it 's fucking insane . 
  london is insane . 
  i thought manhattan and san francisco were insane . 
  but they have yet to attain london levels of real estate psychosis . 
  this is going to put a huge damper on my new `` burkina faso '' line of fashion-forward adult diapers . 
  what about the bee keepers ? 
  who speaks for them ? 
  you could be taking care of your bees when your wife sticks her head out the window and asks you to run down to the corner shop to pick up some kerststol so you dutifully walk down the street , only to be stopped by the police . 
  as you try to explain to them about the bees and the kerststol , it 's too late !, 
  $ 405 fine for you , mister !, 
  it 's a travesty of justice !, 
  bee keepers of nederland , unite !, 
  i 'd thrash him from top to bottomus !, 
  he 's my favorite hip hop artist . 
  this photo was taken from the rear exit of villa d'este , overlooking the gardens . 
  i know because i took an almost identical photo from there last year . 
  tivoli is a worthwhile day trip from rome . 
  i recommend it highly . 
  worth noting : if you visit hadrian 's palace , be sure to run ahead of your assigned group to get tourist-free photos . 
  nothing ruins a beautifully framed shot of the famous pools than some fat guy in cargo shorts picking his nose . 
  btdt . 
  - sandwiched in-between estonia and lithuania as one of the three baltic countries with different impossible languages . 
  - higher population than estonia but smaller than lithuania . 
  - capital is riga . 
  - for a long time my top reddit post was a latvia potato joke . 
  it scored high because it was at least a tiny bit clever . 
  the subject was a science post about how applying hydrogen peroxide to a potato results in a runoff of pure water . 
  so i wrote : `` is good maybe for western peoples but in latvia still thirsty . '', 
  which is funny , i guess . 
  this shows how french polynesia would benefit by creating a high-speed rail network . 
  as a cascadian i approve of this . 
  as an adult who was once a small child who loved drawing national flags , i doubly approve of this . 
  ( `` fifty ? 
  did i get them right ? 
  things could be a lot worse than having leaders who are colorless bureaucrats . 
  trust me on this one .
