  mic drop , exit stage left . 
  oooh !, 
  i 've used that airport several times and now i ca n't wait to try it out again !, 
  oh : and if people gets their panties in a twist about it being called `` franjo tu\u0111man '' airport please remind them about ronald reagan international ( directly supported death squads in central america ) and andrew jackson state park ( ethically cleansed native americans by the thousands ) . 
  every country has their locations named after leaders who are less than savory . 
  so get over it . 
  dear brusselers : please dress up in zany muslim-ish costumes and glue big beards to your chins and jump and down yelling `` dirka dirka mohammed jihad ! '', 
  when his motorcade rolls by . 
  that would be really fun . 
  we need all the help we can get winding that man ever faster into undeniable dementia . 
  when i see the mounting waves of stupid emanating from turkey i am tempted to go on the offensive , wondering aloud how any purportedly civilized country could have an administration run by such a stupid autocratic child and his collection of incompetent morons . 
  then i look at my flair and ... dammit . 
  the book `` endgame : the betrayal and fall of srebrenica '' is a good hour-by-hour account of what happened . 
  reading it , it 's hard to fault the dutch . 
  there were maneuvered by the bosnian serbs into an untenable position . 
  they could have attacked the encircling bosnian serbs and fought it out to the last man ( which is what would have happened ; i doubt any dutch soldiers would have survived ) , or they could do everything possible to defend the refugees short of all-out war . 
  after endless spineless waffling from the un decision makers , the dutch concluded there was neither mandate nor permission to engage the bosnian serbs . 
  multiple requests for close air support and new roe were refused . 
  in hindsight , the dutch could have opened fire on the bosnian serbs . 
  theoretically , they could have blown a hole in the encirclement and blasted their way down the enemy front . 
  the dutch were heavily outnumbered and hopelessly far from support , so this would have gotten really ugly . 
  and it would have triggered an all-out hot war between nato and the bosnian serbs . 
  would that have been a good thing ? 
  the total extermination of the dutchbat forces , martyrs for the cause of bosniak refugees ? 
  maybe . 
  maybe that 's what it takes to stop those bent on genocide . 
  but there was none ( as in zero ) political will to ask them to do that . 
  so they did n't . 
  the fall of srebrenica was the fault of bosnian serbs and a spineless un . 
  not the dutch . 
  erdogan needs to stfu when it comes to apportioning blame for srebrenica , for there is plenty of genocidal guilt in turkey itself to give their government pause . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** the dutch were screwed in srebrenica and erdogan is a hypocritical douchecanoe . 
  let the internet decide !, 
  winner : maccy mcmacedoniaface . 
  this includes access to the free coffee at the berlaymont building lobby . 
  and no more croissants either . 
  put them down , uk !, 
  now !, 
  you must be talking about the famous american inventor nick tessler . 
  his all-american inventions were very important and he remains a national treasure here in the usa . 
  happy birthday , bih !, 
  i 'm a fan of your country . 
  read bunches of books about you and visited you in 2010 . 
  btw : the most beautiful woman i 've ever seen was a bosniak woman in tuzla . 
  ( if that was your sister , i apologize . 
  but damn . 
  she was hot . ), 
  this should be a joyful occasion so i 'm not gon na drag it down into the balkan ethnic identity wars . 
  i think bosnians - all bosnians - want to move forward and not backward . 
  there is some hope for conciliation with republika srpska . 
  may not happen this year or this decade or this generation , but if you want it , you can get it . 
  every year of peaceful coexistence is another step on the way . 
  i 'll have you know president trump speaks in the most coherent sentences ever . 
  his sentences are considered the most coherent by all the language experts . 
  he even met a guy who was a leading expert on sentence coherence and in one afternoon trump was found to have the most coherence sentences he 'd ever heard . 
  that 's the kind of thing that makes him great and will help him make america great again . 
  meanwhile , liberals are citing fake news stories about his sentence structure . 
  sad . 
  the thing is : we do n't feel that way . 
  americans are notoriously tolerant of foreigner 's grammar and accents . 
  probably because there are so many foreigners here . 
  if a stranger can cough up enough english to make a tiny bit of sense , then i 'm all good . 
  i only correct people who ask to be corrected . 
  otherwise , i listen closely and respond with common words so they understand . 
  and most americans i know do the same . 
  i meet tourists all the time . 
  if some dude from china says `` excuse me prease : where museum ? '', 
  i 'll just point out how to get there . 
  i wo n't roll my eyes and correct his english . 
  same goes for the zillions of latinos and filipinos and all the rest . 
  americans are pretty damn easygoing about the language barrier . 
   they taste divine if done right and awful if done wrong . 
  thank you for the truth . 
  i 've ordered the stuff in croatia , slovenia , and bosnia . 
  just like most dishes , some of it was good and some of it was awful . 
  being a visitor i do n't like being critical so i just deal with it . 
  but i had some \u0107evap\u010di\u0107i in zagreb that was a pile of overcooked dry cat poop . 
  and this was at a decent sit-down restaurant !, 
  yet i 've had amazing \u0107evap\u010di\u0107i at little hole-in-the-wall places . 
  it 's like ordering a cheeseburger in america . 
  you never know . 
  sometimes you get an experience that changes your life , sometimes you get a sad gray disk on a bun . 
  visited austria twice . 
  my austrian buddy took me to all the non-touristy places and restaurants . 
  i 'd order schnitzel and ask if there 's any sauce that can go with it . 
  his response : `` no !, 
  and do not ask again . '', 
  me : `` but it 's a little dry and i was just thinking - '' him : `` this is schnitzel !, 
  what do you want ? 
  are you like an animal in the forest or something ? '', 
  he was only half-joking . 
  the man is serious about his viennese schnitzel . 
  and a tiny part of my american brain did want some ketchup . 
  i may be an american , but i know a few things about the outside world . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong ... - name means `` black mountain '' . 
  - independent republic of the ex-yugoslavia . 
  - most montenegrins consider themselves ethnic serbs . 
  - remained closely tied to serbia during the breakup of yugoslavia , but as the calls for independence grew ever louder , montenegro bucked belgrade and declared independence . 
  this caused some consternation in serbia . 
  - despite this , montenegro maintains close ties to serbia .
