  - capital city is still split . 
  people squeeze between barricades to go to and from . 
  - has a map of the island on their flag , which is really cool when you 're a little kid who likes collecting and drawing flags . 
  i find it infuriating that the dutch on the ground are painted as complicit . 
  prior to the bosnian serbs overrunning the compound area , the dutch on the ground pleaded with un officials to act decisively against the threat . 
  the un dithered . 
  the dutch provided good intel to the un about the size and nature of the bosnian serb forces and gave explicit recommendations for targeted air strikes . 
  they got a few flyovers and one half-hearted ( failed ) strike mission . 
  the bosnian serbs marched unimpeded into the city , taking out dutch observation posts and surrounding the compound . 
  at that point , the dutch concluded they were on their own . 
  the bosnian serb forces made demand upon demand through smiles . 
  the bosnian serbs knew the dutch were alone and powerless . 
  the un would do nothing . 
  so they cajoled the dutch into opening the gates and surrendering the bosniaks . 
  what were the dutch supposed to do ? 
  open fire ? 
  who would back them up ? 
  they were outnumbered , outgunned , and surrounded . 
  the fault lies with the bosnian serb perpetrators and the ineffectual un leaders who sat on their hands . 
  i have sympathy for the dutch who had to live through that and the weight of that slaughter on their consciences . 
  the suits in the un let this happen . 
  they should be on trial at the hague . 
  trouble arises because the current internal borders are `` built on blood '' . 
  that is , they were created as a frozen moment of war gains/losses leading up to the dayton peace accords . 
  the purpose was to stop the killing , and all sides took advantage of the western desire to compromise land claims in order to stop the war . 
  the gorazde corridor is an example , as is some of the territory of republika srpska , which was `` won '' by a last-minute military push abetted by ethnic cleansing . 
  these are n't ethnic borders . 
  they are war borders . 
  it is n't likely they can be maintained indefinitely . 
  instead , these school kids have the right idea : begin the process of ethnic re-integration . 
  it wo n't be easy and it wo n't be fast . 
  there is no tito around to hold the lash . 
  instead , it will have to happen organically , slowly , with consensus . 
  i 'm not a bosnian , but i 've visited a few times and i 've read a lot of books on their history . 
  i think a united bosnia can happen . 
  it may not become a wealthy , powerful republic , but it can be a peaceful one . 
  in the us ( like most places ) , it 's used as a symbolic nod to the roman republic . 
  we have it in the white house and huge versions adorn the wall of the house of representatives . 
  [ more us uses can be found here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces#united_states ) . 
  you hear the occasional squeal of i told you so from conspiracy nuts , but it has been used a heraldic symbol in the us long before mussolini was born . 
  as an armchair student of roman history i kinda like it . 
  the idea of lictors carrying these harmless yet somehow intimidating `` bundles of sticks '' to represent the power of a senator is an interesting representation of state power in a democratic republic . 
  the roman republic was far from a model republic , but it spread the seeds of nascent democracy in europe . 
  they deserve a nod for doing so . 
  it 's merely unfortunate that mussolini adopted the symbolism for his shitbag regime . 
  we americans look forward to continuing the `` special relationship '' with lord buckethead despite the fact it will entail our groveling entreaties to spare us from his omnipotent wrath . 
   i know its not the same as the holy see but i do n't know what the difference between the two is . 
  i guess the the vatican city is a subdivision of the holy see ? 
  the holy see is an odd bird . 
  there are n't any entities exactly like it . 
  but one way to think about it is to compare it to `` the crown '' in the uk . 
  the crown is the over-arching legal entity that bestows the force of law and oversees the functions of the government ( its power has changed a lot over the years ) . 
  but the point is : the crown is a legal construct that survives monarchs . 
  monarchs are the living embodiment of the crown , but their deaths do not diminish it . 
  similarly , the holy see is embodied by the pope , but the holy see succeeds him . 
  in vatican city , the holy see is the construct that enforces canonical law , treats with foreign powers , and oversees the security and functions of the mini-state . 
  i 'm no expert , just a guy who grew up in an observant catholic family , so if anyone wants to chime in , please do . 
  as a new jersey native i have strong opinions about pizza . 
  there are rules . 
  and yes : i do n't care for pineapple on pizza . 
  it leeches juice onto the pizza and makes a mess . 
  it 's too sweet and pizza should n't have `` contrast '' . 
  it should be pizza . 
  that said : last year i was traveling in siena and my friend saw a hawaiian pizza choice on the menu . 
  he teased me , saying only dumb americans would eat that crap . 
  my national pride was insulted , so i ordered it to spite him . 
  and it was fantastic !, 
  one thing the italians have going for them is they know how to cook . 
  they pay attention to detail . 
  they make sure the final product is tasty regardless of how simple or complex the recipe . 
  and this pizza was a case in point . 
  rather than toss chunks of tinned pineapple on the pizza , they placed deli-thin rosettes of sliced pineapple atop thin slices of ham . 
  as the pizza baked , the ham would curl up slightly and the thin pineapple slices would leach almost no juice into the pie . 
  instead , the pineapple crisped up nicely , joining the ham in a partnership . 
  it was delicious !, 
  i still wo n't order hawaiian pizza in america , but i now know it can be done properly . 
  you just need the skills of an italian chef to make it work . 
  the austrian obsession with the turks is fascinating . 
  i was traveling in carinthia with a viennese friend . 
  we were driving through the mountains and saw a sign that said `` fine meats and motorcycle museum '' . 
  this sounded like one of those roadside attractions you ca n't miss . 
  so we drove up the winding road to the place . 
  we knocked on the door and a woman answered , asking what we wanted ( in german ) . 
  my viennese friend told her we were there for the fine meats and motorcycle museum . 
  she rolled her eyes and called her husband . 
  he walked us out to the museum . 
  $ 5 each . 
  we went in and it was ... awesome !, 
  [ here 's an album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gab8h ) of our visit . 
  the husband showed us all the things . 
  he had particular pride in the ottoman mannequins , which he built himself . 
  he started re-telling the story of the two major ottoman attacks on vienna ( 1529 and 1683 ) . 
  he proudly explained ( in german ) how the austrian people pushed back the tide of ottoman aggression and kept europe christian . 
  that 's all well and good but i started getting some weird vibes . 
  this guy is not a fan of the ottoman empire , despite the fact they 've been extinct for 100 years . 
  but he was very pleasant and kind to us , so we listened . 
  my point : there is a part of the austrian psyche that maintains pride in having pushed back the evil ottoman horde time and time again . 
  children 's books about dastardly turks snatching children is n't far removed from the national consciousness . 
  it 's the country whose capital city is the kiev . 
   obama was genuinely awful .
