  then i went to japan and realized i had nothing to complain about . 
  being a citizen of the [ member states of the commonwealth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_commonwealth_of_nations ) . 
  i know the german people are resourceful , but how did they get all those giraffes to line up and dance the can-can ? 
  in 2014 i was in antwerp and decided to see a movie - the latest planet of the apes movie . 
  i guessed correctly that the film would be in english with dutch and french ( or flemish and walloon ? 
  i could understand the dialog so i thought i had `` won '' . 
  but alas , a lot of the movie features apes talking in an ape language which was subtitled only in dutch and french . 
  so i had no idea what the damn dirty apes were talking about . 
  that 's my punishment for wasting my time in a movie theater while on vacation . 
  i should have just gone drinking like everybody else . 
  please note the presence of the american line officer in charge of the vessel . 
  this is due to the great monaco-american naval pact of 1949 , in which american film stars serve as temporary line officers patrolling the dangerous coast of monaco , making sure there is no presence of genoese or napoleonic forces that might disrupt the game play of monaco 's august guests . 
  in return for fulfilling this duty , the american captains are gifted with a full complement of ship 's hands . 
  these volunteers serve the captain in every way , unless he 's tired and ca n't do much more . 
  this pact is very old and very respected , since no napoleonic forces have been seen in monaco since 1814 . 
  insult # 1846 : erdogan is a tawdry , sad little man who enjoys munching on his own poop . 
  introducing the [ 2019 lamborghini debole !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gqqgtad.jpg ) this modern masterpiece of eu-approved engineering employs a blistering 250cc engine , linked to a highly efficient pair of cuisinart wheel motors , delivering a seat-crushing 45.7 hp . 
  daring motorsports fans all over the world can soon experience the speed and luxury of this modern behemoth , while simultaneously enjoying an estimated 65mpg fuel economy rating . 
  upvoted for `` angry beardos '' . 
  made me chuckle . 
  seriously , though : maybe bosnian intelligence organizations can use the situation in syria/iraq to a strategic advantage . 
  first , subtly encourage the beardos to join the fight in syria/iraq/libya / wherever . 
  then , if any bosnian leaves bosnia for a battlefront country and can not prove their membership in an approved ngo , their passport is seized and their citizenship stripped . 
  attrition will lower the number of angry beardos naturally . 
  then the intelligence services will have fewer beardos to investigate . 
  and bosnia will be a happier place . 
  btw : i only spent a few weeks in bosnia , but everyone i met was really nice to me . 
  i want to go back one day . 
  hopefully to a fully beardo-free bosnia !, 
  wait a second ... how about this : what if all the greeks abandoned greece and left it to the refugees ? 
  greek people could go wherever they wanted in the eu and these bold yet troubled masses fleeing persecution could build their own islamic paradise in the cradle of democracy !, 
  the eu banks could do their part by forgiving all greek debt , giving the new refugee nation a nifty head-start on building their own economy . 
  there . 
  the problem is solved !, 
  the eu gets to enjoy having greek neighbors . 
  i had greek neighbors when i was a kid and i loved them . 
  we all loved them !, 
  oh , except for mr. kartelias . 
  he was an asshole . 
  the rest of them were fantastic !, 
  sure , the entirety of greek culture would be pretty much dead . 
  but the refugees would have all the peace and food and security that they could ever desire . 
  a peaceful life in europe !, 
  to sweeten the deal , america will take 33 % of the greeks - about 3.5 million of them . 
  it 's no problem . 
  we have shitloads of greek restaurants and greek orthodox churches . 
  you 'll fit right in . 
  do you guys like bbq ribs ? 
  we have a lot of bbq ribs . 
  this is inadvisable . 
  among the trips i plan to make in europe , poland is high on the list and the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest is a prime motivator for me . 
  it 's among the last stands of primeval european landscapes . 
  as someone who lives in a greatly forested place and enjoys visiting old growth forests , bia\u0142owie\u017ca is fascinating to me . 
  it 's a miracle that joint polish/belarussian stewardship has done such a good job maintaining it . 
  i 'm sure there has been plenty of pressure to log it . 
  and let me assure you : once a `` little bit '' of logging begins , it does n't stop until the clearcuts extend to the horizon . 
  president obama has expressed a desire to see the uk remain in the eu , with folks like the ukip saying he wants it for the benefit of america 's own influence in europe . 
  the ukip is probably right about that . 
  we are kind of happy about nato . 
  we like having strong partners willing to defend western ideals . 
  we do n't want the uk to sit outside . 
  an integrated eu is an easier partner than a bunch of nattering nation-states . 
  an euified uk also makes things easier for american exporters , and all exporters outside the eu . 
  trying to sell your stuff in south america is a fucking nightmare . 
  each country has its own customs rules , its own currency , and its own political climate . 
  unless you set up camp in each goddamn country , you ca n't capture the whole market . 
  i know this . 
  i 've lived it . 
  but the eu ? 
  as long as our products/services meet the giant book of eu rules , we 're in . 
  we can set up an office in portugal and reach finland . 
  eat mcdonald 's , bitches !, 
  :0 ) so , as a merkin , i encourage the uk to stay . 
  do n't vote on what the eu is today , this moment . 
  vote on what the eu will be in 20 years , 40 years . 
  fates rise and fall . 
  when you fall , it 's kinda nice to have friends pick you up and brush you off . 
  we 'll always be britain 's bff , but like a good bff we want to see you happy with lots of friends surrounding you while we 're away starting unprovoked wars and stuff . 
  yes , we know that some brits do n't want to mix with snooty continentals and their awful brown immigrants . 
  but sacrifices must be made for the good of the whole . 
  do n't forget : we have to live with florida and texas . 
  it is n't easy , but we suck it up and move forward anyway . 
  europe : be nice to the brits . 
  yes , they drink and vomit too much and think they 're special . 
  but they are fundamentally your people . 
  and in most cases they keep a cool head about policy and plans . 
  you could do worse . 
  \u266b springtime for syria and germany ; winter for turkey and greece ... \u266b, 
  if the eu does n't take them , then in all fairness the us should since we were the big mouths who stepped in and enforced the dayton accords . 
  bih , the 51st state . 
  it wo n't be easy . 
  you guys will need to start training on baseball and american football . 
  there will be remedial courses in jazz and hip hop . 
  english will be another requirement , but do n't stress too much about it . 
  we have lots of puerto ricans whose grasp of english is n't optimal . 
  once you can demonstrate an ability to work 50 weeks a year , eat lots of bacon , and operate a disability scooter , you will get your star on the flag - a flag which you will be required to fly everywhere . 
  in return , we ask you to teach us to make that nuclear coffee and a proper burek . 
  oh , and do n't be surprised if we start scooping up your women . 
  we 've been mounting fatties for decades .
