  i imagine foreigners who visit my town during our annual procession of the species parade are similarly perplexed . 
  how about a quid pro quo : azerbaijan grants a corridor from armenia to nagorno-karabakh , and armenia grants azerbaijan a corridor along their southern border with iran , uniting the nakhchivan exclave to the azeri motherland . 
  two contiguous states of ethnic uniformity . 
  seems fair to me . 
  i was gon na get all high and mighty about how our national anthem is just a nice innocent reverie about our flag . 
  then i read the full lyrics . 
  what is it with 18th and 19th century poets and their lust for blood ? 
   as for inflows , australia was the favourite destination with maximum inflows in 2015 -- a total of 8,000 new millionaires . 
  the us was ranked second with 7,000 inflows , followed by canada , israel , the uae and new zealand . 
  `` give me your retired , your bored , your huddled millionaires yearning to charge fees ... '', 
  the state is to be sold as is . 
  we make no claims about the plumbing or electrical . 
  the roof is in good shape , though . 
  there are good local schools and plenty of parking at the hardware store . 
  driveway access is limited . 
  please do n't disturb the tenants . 
  what a dork . 
  the caller should have asked him to coordinate with staff at the airport in tel aviv , palestine ( if he could find it on hipmunk ) and then check with the foreign affairs and defense committee at the palestinian knesset . 
  where they fought is n't the point . 
  how they felt about the horrors that somehow spared them is the point . 
  my father was stationed in the philippines in 1945 , preparing for the inevitable ( and suicidal ) invasion of the japanese mainland . 
  he was `` saved '' by the detonation of two atomic bombs on heavily populated cities . 
  he 's glad he survived and had 6 kids . 
  but even he felt the bombings were morally reprehensible and should have been shelved in favor of a more humane solution . 
  he does n't look at the bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki as `` heroic '' . 
  and if you honestly view the siege of sarajevo and other barbarities inflicted on unarmed civilians as `` heroic '' , you need to search your conscience . 
  sing it , brother . 
  free speech is the oil that keeps society from getting all gummed up with tyranny . 
  from it flows all the other human rights . 
  i 'd probably toss in `` an independent judiciary '' as the next important concept , but even that can only exist in a context where free speech flourishes . 
  in that vein , i would like to say christianity is mostly inoffensive but quite silly , judaism is laughably archaic and cloistered , islam is fucking bonkers , hinduism is downright creepy , buddhism is stoic nonsense , and confucianism is cool because of the wispy mustaches . 
  oh , and scientology is off-the-charts retarded . 
  amen . 
  i was just being silly . 
  i think the court should grant him what he wants . 
  let him live among the general prison population . 
  in fact , in order to facilitate his desire to live more freely , he should be left among the general population with little to no supervision from guards . 
  they could also turn off the surveillance cameras . 
  just let him have a nice time among the other prisoners . 
  all the time in the world . 
  with no one watching . 
  i assume this diagram separates `` electricity '' as the cost of production and `` transport '' as the cost of maintaining the electrical grid . 
  this would make sense , as places with large landmass and sparser population pockets ( scandinavia ) would have higher transport costs than smaller places with dense population centers ( britain , greece ) . 
  but that does n't explain belgium . 
  i found paris to be in the acceptable range of cleanliness . 
  the central parts of the city ( tourist areas ) are kept fairly tidy by city workers . 
  but i can understand why the japanese find paris `` dirty '' . 
  i worked for a japanese company for 8 years and traveled all over america and japan with them . 
  they felt the same way about los angeles , las vegas , dallas , and new york . 
  america in general left most of them less than thrilled . 
  this is because tokyo ( and osaka and kyoto ) are almost brutally clean and tidy . 
  if you ever visit tokyo , be sure to get up before sunrise and walk the streets . 
  you 'll see an army of private citizens , building employees , retail workers , and city workers all working to sweep every walk and every crevice . 
  it 's like a massive armada of sweepers and cleaners making sure their little patch of the city is clean from the previous day 's activities . 
  by 8:00 am everything is back to normal . 
  swept walkways , cleaned glass fronts , emptied ash buckets , etc. 
  the coordination of this massive effort is something to behold . 
  paris may be `` dirty '' by comparison , but considering the fact that paris endures so many tourists with so many bad habits as well as all the locals who may not have outstanding personal hygiene standards , paris is doing an ok job keeping up . 
  `` better '' : - economically ? 
  as the american middle class continues to stagnate , it 's a wash . a young talented professional can do well in belgium or virginia . 
  do n't let raw gdp numbers fool you . 
  america is no longer the wide-open land of boundless opportunity . 
  that died in the 1980 's . 
  the working class are better off in europe . 
  - civic life ? 
  europe by a wide margin . 
  no need to get too deep . 
  we all know it . 
  - culturally ? 
  europe has the immediacy of its history and traditions , but america continues to dig deep into the well of human experience and , aided by her diversity , produce some of the most amazing and compelling works . 
  the uk is no slacker on that front , either . 
  if you want to produce truly great music or film or art or novels , america is a good bet - for both inspiration and execution . 
  - happiness ? 
  the big one . 
  wealthy people would be happy almost anywhere . 
  but working shlubs are better off in europe . 
  they have the peace of mind of functioning public health systems and safety nets . 
  they have education systems that prepare youth well for university tracks or meaningful vocations . 
  they have beautiful cities , working transport systems , and subdued commerciality . 
  as one of these shlubs , i do think i would be happier in europe , grass color notwithstanding . 
  in the end , who you are is what matters . 
  if i was a songwriter living in belgium , i 'd be better off in los angeles . 
  if i was a cnc technician in oklahoma , i 'd be better off in germany . 
  if i was a wealthy commodities broker , i 'd be equally happy in colorado or italy . 
  america is n't `` better '' than europe . 
  it 's different . 
   a dagger drawn by the fool is more dangerous than that drawn by the brave . 
  this is a good one . 
  reminds me of a bit from the tv show `` rome '' : `` the graveyards are full of middling swordsmen . 
  better to be no swordsman at all than a middling swordsman . '', 
  you guys would still have a total lock on anne frank houses . 
  the uk probably felt some pressure to switch , but then they saw [ photos from sweden 's dagen h switch in 1967 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m0x16lk.jpg ) and decided it was n't worth the hassle . 
  i 've driven throughout england several times and never had much trouble keeping left . 
  although i did repeatedly walk up to the wrong side of the car to get in , but we wo n't talk about that . 
  that has been the background noise for most of my life . 
  `` that lonely whistle blowin ' '' . 
  at night , it 's actually soothing ; i sleep right through it . 
  but on a quiet evening when i 'm trying to have drinks and a chat with friends , it 's goddamn annoying . 
  one thing i noticed about american background noise : beeps . 
  everywhere you go , everything makes a digital beep .
