all that potential for tax revenue . 
  the austrian and italian parliaments look beautiful . 
  our own looks very plain . 
  1 ) yes . 
  english is the most widely used language in ireland and really its our first language . 
  day to day communication in life is through english so it is a major help . 
  2 ) no , everyone is fluent in english except some migrants ( even in the gaeltacht ) 3 ) english is the language of the land, 
  egregious exaggeration for readership, 
  and its vetoed . 
  good . 
  jesus , just threaten to embargo turkey if they do n't capitulate , why offer them the kitchen sink ? 
  you 're doing it wrong, 
  was that george v or george vi ? 
  i know edward viii was between them but abdicated , so which had the speech impediment ? 
  oh come now , dont act like gerry adams . 
  its clear from the context who the queen is . 
  so with you on this . 
  world must feel the bern . 
  tis where i had them first . 
  prefer them to kolokithokeftedes . 
  they are fried tomato balls and are delicious, 
   dec 2014  thought i recognised those two , no worries they got blown up . 
  guess britain did n't want them back . 
  how many countries would permit such people back . 
  sorry could n't resist , they used to be good at moving large numbers of people after all . 
  surely germany has some box cars left over ? 
  chartering planes is expensive , especially while you have such a good rail network . 
  its a shame the eu wont just adopt the australian approach ... actually come to think of it they kind of are doing that , just greece is the holding camp . 
  gift horse mouth so on and so forth, 
  most irish thing ever , we drink more tea and beer, 
  build a refugee accomodation city on slavbard . 
  it 'd soon discourage folks, 
  completely misread that headline . 
  so fart sparks still arent a thing, 
  translation is required here . 
  all laws enacted in english must have an irish translation and vice versa . 
  this site has most published legislation from the oireachtas . 
  say what you want about the ethics of orb\u00e0ns actions . 
  but he has rigorously stuck to eu regulations regarding refugees . 
  ironic that germany for once is the one flaunting them . 
  how many are actually gay ? 
  not acting gay while surrounded by barbarians seems like a no brainer tbh t. gay lad, 
  so its an old part of the facility being prepared for demolition , and in part was already demolished . 
  from the headlines it sounded like an attack on a nuclear plant, 
  dangerous talk , their glorious king is immortal . 
  as an irishman , i ca n't help but feel resentment when brits admonish the nationalist and ira as though they solely responsible for the shitfest of our shared history . 
  spuds are great roast , mashed , baked , scalloped , chipped , fried . 
  so versatile and an elegant round form . 
  britain and ireland probably have an opt-out asteriskos somewhere in their myriad agreements for each others nationals . 
  for example its legal to discriminate between eu-nationals and brits for elections here and vice versa . 
  brits can vote on tds but other eu-nationals ca n't . 
  european affairs are handled under the department of foreign affairs and the department of the taoiseach here . 
  probably scotland , england or west england due to a few centuries of ! fun ! . 
  not sure whether the uk has any opinion on us anymore , since our shtick is being a quiet neutral island . 
  unless they finally decide to force them to come here theres little they can do . 
  only 20 volunteered to come here under the previous scheme seems ireland is n't as desirable as germany . 
  the naivety * and constitutional chokehold of germany should n't be forced onto other nations . 
  they can sort their own shit out or fuck off . 
  * damn autocorrect changed it to nativity . 
  what a boring map . 
  for the effort they put in it was neither funny or interesting , i feel cheated of my three and a half minutes . 
  nice to see they still want to further muddy up the eu . 
  ... actually not nice at all , its rather irritating . 
  who has n't missed berlusconi ? 
  positive , we 're generally among the most supportive of the eu . 
  politicians do n't try to shirk responsibility for unpopular decisions by blaming the eu , they just blame the previous government instead . 
  also we 've been a large beneficiary of structural funds since 1973 when we joined . 
  the banking crisis did n't really impact our view of the eu funnily enough despite ` austerity ' , that was largely blamed on incompetent politicians and bankers/borrowers . 
  how many will stay rather than try to get to the uk ? 
  whereby a party gets more popular votes but attains less seats ? 
  yes , we use multiseat constituencies and single transferable vote . 
  so dependent on the population and seat number of each constituency it is possible . 
  they are just the current banter target , as it was with the germans during the height of coverage of the refugee crisis , the greeks during coverage of the greek debt crisis and so on, 
  will they actually pay or just run up arrears ? 
  the titans were overthrown by the olympians and the titanic sank . 
  long may google reign !, 
  turkey used to be greek . 
  so google can remove those publishers and they 'll lose traffic ... just as has happened previously . 
  automation will never happen , but one can dream . 
  the journey planner app from transport for ireland is pretty good for checking times to be fair . 
  we cant have good relations with russia . 
  when did eastern europeans become central europeans i am wholly in support of anything that renders ukraine even less relevant . 
  nah , its because the pacific ocean is boring . 
  most maps are centred on algeria , which handily keeps the date line at the borders of the map while reducing the landmasses running over the edges . 
  surely one should be able to comprehend what they are doing before being baptised ? 
  what exactly was/is our identity in your mind ? 
  nah , we 're comfy where we are now . 
  when russia does anything its anti-west and evil . 
  when nato states do anything its anti-russia and evil . 
  so a minority of refugees are desirable . 
  he says after helping destroy the eu 's border wall ` libya ', 
  the only time i 've ever heard creationism mentioned here is by that bloke that stands on o'connell street and belts out bible verses . 
  nice to see we 're comparable to canadians . 
  had n't expected that for some reason . 
  lack of a hard external border was a worse idea, 
  we have a military ? 
  too bad the olympics ca n't just be held near olympia every four years . 
  to be honest in if you 've got nukes when you start to lose a war you might as well just start chucking them around . 
  not like it was hard to find his plane in all honesty . 
  i watched his plane on fightradar24 all the way from dalaman , he spent an hour circling bandirma waiting for istanbul to be open to land .
