  marxism in modern-day capitalism ? 
  what manner of a moron brings that up to spite microeconomics - the study of companies and the business cycle ? 
  most companies are not even big enough to have a fucking profit share scheme !, 
  the way you think about economics is as if there are strings and we can control however the fuck we want - when the reality of freedom , democracy and capitalism is that it 's wild chaos , and government has a job to red line extremes or set an industry 's direction or limits on standards . 
  if i start a company , by motherfucking fact it 's me at the top until i decide to give out control or ownership . 
  to oversimplify every type of company , industry and employee structure to farcical ideas like marxism is the fucking noobiest thing i 've ever heard, 
  dude , what ? 
  i 'm sorry - so the shit mortgages were bought by ghosts ? 
  people who were buying 7-room houses and a bmw with a waiter 's salary , have no blame ? 
  there were devious ratings agencies and funny auditors fueling the fraud , but speculation had far less to do with the real causes of financial breakdown . 
  yes , many banks were `` too big to fail '' ( and letting lehman fall was a stupid fucking mistake ) , but that does n't mean that the population was n't going along for the ride . 
  the mid 2000 's was one of the most rapid growth eras in the history of mankind ; the problem was that its foundation was on false house pricing . 
  it would be nice if everyone could afford nice housing in the middle of the city , but the cold hard fact is that not everyone can . 
  i take issue with your example about shrimp , because it has nothing to do with the fucking root cause of the great recession . 
  the reason some foods are imported is because they are too expensive while produced here ; you can say `` well , just pay more for it because it 's local '' , but that 's not how mom 's shopping cart works . 
  other than the car industry in the states , the crisis emanates from the financial industry , and it 's over-pricing ( or false-pricing ) of mortgages/houses . 
  * corporations * , based on sales of actual products and services , took a big hit on sales , which then would take its toll on employees , and then the public purse , and so on with the vicious cycle . 
  but you can not possibly blame companies who did n't sell money . 
  it 's sad when jobs move away or are destroyed by the business cycle we 're in , but it 's not a premeditated effort to fuck with your way of life, 
  macroeconomics perhaps , microeconomics not so much, 
  are you fucking kidding me ??? 
  you think cheap shrimp caused the fucking collapse of lehman brothers ??? 
  or the sub-prime mortgage crisis ?? 
  or over-leveraging every god damn asset backed security right as the housing market was ( again ) about to fucking tank ?? 
  you think the fishies had control in rising the price of fucking oil to over $ 140 ??? 
  you have no fucking clue of economics or our history !, 
  i 'm tired man , you win the argument , ok ? 
  no it does n't you twat . 
  globalism also means micky d 's opening up in france , and olives from spain being bottled in italy and sold to the usa . 
  not all jobs can move , how in the fuck do you move retail jobs ? 
  cheap chinese labour is now going to sell you insurance too ? 
  virtually all your electronics come from china since the last three decades ; nothing has changed since , except an economic crisis with roots in western finance and political ineptitude allowing for the situation to snowball . 
  if you prefer , i can call you a totalitarian , because invariably your arguments are directed towards a control of free opportunity ; the very opportunity an economy needs to be able to pick itself up and grow, 
  ok you little shit , let 's multiply the amount of words to pretend not to lose the battle . 
  1 . why in the fuck would a company go into other markets if there are no consumers in those markets ? 
  do they just breathe in and inhale all the monies ? 
  2 . the eu , and its origin , is factually to stop a repeat of warfare in our continent . 
  to say otherwise is to prove you are a moron , negating history . 
  3 . if you 're going to relativise the influx , then why do n't we also relativise that sweden has 20 % higher gdp per capita than germany 4 . are your patients dying for lack of attention ? 
  are children not afforded their injections ? 
  are hospital beds put out in the middle of the fucking street ? 
  your nhs is fine , and your government can invest more in infrastructure 5 . no housing projects ? 
  oh wow , who thought that a trade unionist president , and a commie in charge of the budget could have repercussions to the real economy ??!?!?!, 
  ? \u00bf 6 . prove to me that there is n't a vetting process . 
  i fucking dare you to tell me people who are let in with criminal records , or no record at all . 
  i know there are refugees that lie about their age , and idiot government workers are too shy to challenge the claim ; but i will blindly defend that no government worker is going to allow in murderers and looters for the sake of being `` politically correct '' 7 . if you refer to victims of warfare , of fucking course they 're going to be on welfare - they 're running from fucking war !, 
  do you know what fucking war even is ? 
  there is no reason for them to keep shaken after learning the language and knowing they can live in peace , but this process is not overnight , and it certainly does n't help to do a cost-benefit analysis with a stopwatch 8 . you need to have an election , and have a conservative party that respects helping the needy , but also puts in plans to make the required changes in your government . 
  in spain , pp has become increasingly unpopular because of making the right calls to fix the economy - reduce influence of unions , liberalise the economy , make firm commitments for outside investments to pour in all sectors of the real economy . 
  and elections mind you are the fucking essence of a dynamic democracy - we can and should fucking change direction every 4-8 years ; what business plan is n't revised every fucking 5 years ? 
  9 . give me a break with your racism . 
  who the fuck says all these immigrants are low-skilled and have only low-prospects ? 
  many are well-educated , and have only a language to unlock their potential ; others have a gap in education , and will grasp the swedish education opportunity with both fucking hands ; and others still will find their niche in the market , working their way up to small businesses that go beyond and add jobs to your economy . 
  migrants , statistically , have a net-positive contribution to the economy - they use health services less , they commit less crime for fear of deportation , and have a propensity to either be successful or move to a more lucrative location . 
  if you have thousands of migrants choosing stockholm , it is because your economy is very attractive , and they want to participate in it for a future to themselves and their families back home . 
  i also disagree with self-segregation , but there is no objective reason saying that the rise of ghettos are inevitable . 
  families of any background do n't want their kids raised in shitty neighbourhoods . 
  the new swedish model of integration needs to be brave enough to face a changing democracy and embrace new neighbours , with sound new economic plans for investment , and less taboo about saying when problems arise ( so they do n't blow out of proportion into full on xenophobia ) . 
  there is always opportunity in change, 
  yea , keep on with your populist babble . 
  while conditions are harsh , the fact is most factory workers in china and bangladesh are not indentured slaves , and would rather that job than no prospects whatsoever . 
  increasing their standards , as has happened in china , only comes through having opportunity in the fucking first place . 
  i 'm not defending the practice of outsourcing , but the fact is , nobody in europe wants to stitch their own fucking footballs ; labour unions are too corrupt to handle massive investments ; and the problems are more local than you fucking paint it - every semester , french farmers block roads to stop spanish trucks , and have them dump wine , peaches and other produce because they are `` illegal competition '' . 
  bastard , if you actually look at the fucking problems we have here , which are motherfucking manifold , we can concentrate on getting the fucking economy progressing again . 
  babble on with your tired commie bastard rant , reality will catch up with you someday, 
  hey man . 
  first of all , eat a dick . . l. second , this is what i said :  one of the pillars of this european union if you ever care to read history beyond your own cherry-picked vision of the world : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_european_union  the maastricht treaty ( 1992 ) created the european union with its pillars system , including foreign and home affairs alongside the european community . 
  this in turn led to the creation of the single european currency , the euro ( launched 1999 ) . 
  if you want to stretch back the origin of the eu , then you have to actually mention that the countries that got together for the treaties of paris then rome , did so to prevent ever seeing a repeat of world war 2 . one of these aims would be to have a `` united states of europe '' , in the long-term including free markets , borders and unified parliaments . 
  but all that shit was secondary to preventing war - and the overarching force driving this was deeper integration between countries . 
  i know sweden is having some trouble absorbing this level of immigration , but yours is still a paltry amount compared to germany . 
  your nhs is still good , your unemployment still low , and the prospects of your youth ( compared to that of spain ? ), 
  still high . 
  and all of this possible because the bedrock of your economy is sound - there is opportunity , there are companies , there are jobs . 
  while your rent prices may have gone up a bit , that does n't mean new housing ca n't be made to expand the capacity , or that your salaries are n't going to go up from a more productive economy . 
  the new people that come in your country can and will become a force for good , especially in caring for your ageing society ( by doing those jobs or contributing to the national purse ) . 
   mass migration is not economically benefitial has been proven beyond doubt at this point to you , too , i say : take an economics class . 
  and open your eyes to opportunity, 
  i come from a country where families like mine have been displaced because of the economy . 
  i can tell you , once you get over the little cry of moving two hours away , it all evens out , even if it involves a lot of skype . 
  people with young families can have it bad , but it does n't have to be that way . 
  the bottom line though , increasing trade is a net-contributor to the region . 
  if you were making a product that is manifold more expensive than importing , it means your neighbours are pretty happy there 's a change in price . 
  and if you were in a position of advantage then , suffice it to say you 'll have time to switch jobs/industries . 
  textiles was hard hit in barcelona during the transition into the eu . 
  the people who worked in those factories transitioned : some to retail , some to global brands , some spread manufacturing knowledge far east , some just went across the street into other production jobs , or supermarkets , or transportation , or other government jobs . 
  the owners rented out their city centre facilities , and are now millionaires . 
  those further out of the city developed commercial centres , with rail links , that benefited the wider community living and moving there for better housing prices . 
  you bitches can paint me as cynic as you want , but this is how an economy works . 
  you populist fucks always bean in little sob stories , as if they ca n't be quantified - that one poor nuclear family is supposed to stop progress for thousands of others who have been waiting years to unlock their potential . 
  go ahead and downvote me , bury the voice of reason , keep it with the times we live, 
  because the great depression was happy good fun times ? 
   better hope we do n't get another economic crash soonish or those views will spread and become the mainstream as people vent their anger . 
  and to do this , we need to create opportunities for growth . 
  one of these programs is globalisation . 
  ( others are deregulation and privatisation , for example ) . 
  we know this program works without giving up national control ; we just need to prove the fruits bear quicker and at wider levels of society . 
  and i disagree with you that society at large is as anti-empathetic as you paint it . 
  most people live in cities these days , too , and being shitty to others comes back around a lot quicker in urban areas, 
  2 - i 'm not calling them lazy , i 'm calling them inflexible .
