  i myself only saw the tv ad for this app today . 
  i wo n't re-post . 
  i 'm obviously emotional about it as you can see in this thread , and it seems like a stupid effort now anyway given all the denialist comments, 
  yes , because the generalitat does n't pass the fucking budget and decide what tax monies are spent on . 
  florentino perez relates to this conversation how , only you can make sense, 
  i already replied , but to repeat : this organisation was financed primarily with subsidies from the catalan government , amounting to over 4million in the past six years, 
  this organisation was financed primarily with subsidies from the catalan government, 
  i will remove the '' [ xenophobia ] '' tag and re-submit , if that 's ok ? 
  the rest of the description is entirely correct, 
  it is to rate ** any ** business , by geo-location , and identify with a filter the ones you and other users have agreed speak catalan properly . 
  you can also see the ones with a poor rating , to avoid them, 
  is there an alternative interpretation of gathering a database specifically rating the language proficiency specifically in catalan specifically for businesses as rated specifically by catalan-speakers ? 
  what other purpose might it serve ? 
  please enlighten me , spin doctor, 
  they are n't protecting dick , they are promoting visiting businesses that speak proper catalan against those that do n't . 
  cultural bigotry is n't illegal ; what * is * illegal is to use tax monies to enable this discrimination . 
  spain is not a different country , catalunya is a part of spain and subject to the same constitution as any other region . 
  to speak one co-official language is sufficient to comply with any legal requirement . 
  this social separation is especially retarded in a city like barcelona where the real problem is not enough store employees speaking english to attend a majority international tourist clientele . 
  [ this is the section of highway i was referring to ] ( https://www.google.cat/maps/@41.3331722,2.074426,16.5z ) , taking the exit from c-32 onto b-22 . 
  two lanes that then merge into three , which is especially hazardous since many times people are rushing towards the airport and forget to use their blinkers , creating a dangerous situation even more so with an unlit section of road . 
  since late 2009 , nobody seems to give a shit, 
  nop , pero si que vaig usar aquesta web : https://www.softcatala.org/corrector/ and btw , thanks for proving my point on your cultural bigotry, 
  i mean , you are daft . 
  this app is n't protecting catalan . 
  it 's a service to rate businesses on their catalan proficiency . 
  its aim is to enable discrimination . 
  discrimination is immoral , but not against the rule of law ; however , when that discrimination is enabled with state funds , * that * is illegal . 
  either you are truth denier or a complete moron not to make this connection . 
  i am in favour of the use of catalan as much as spanish , but a state funded cyber-boycot is n't the way about this , and it leads to fostering hatred and division within an inherently multicultural society . 
  it is especially out of place in a city like barcelona that seeks to position itself as world-welcoming, 
  what part of that quotation makes it legal for ( conversely ) spending tax monies to discriminate against businesses that only speak catalan ( and not spanish ) ? 
  how daft are you not to recognise the problem being with waste of public resources and not the personal freedom to be a bigot ? 
  it 's illegal because it uses tax monies to allow people to discriminate which stores do n't speak catalan properly when there is no legal requirement for them to speak it if they can offer communicating with you in the other language . 
  cyber-boycotting itself is not illegal , but when it is promoted by the government with both our tax monies it is illegal, 
  are n't you the little trump supporter . 
  more alternative facts , please !, 
  what you have linked is a list by a community of `` expats '' for either tourists or resident english-speakers who can not speak spanish or catalan . 
  this is completely different in three key ways : 1 ) this info is useful to people who can not communicate in any other language ; 2 ) it does n't down-rate establishments that do n't speak english ; 3 ) no tax monies went in the creation of this list . 
  what i have been saying this entire thread is that it is immoral to provide a service that denigrates businesses based on their proficiency in one of the co-official languages ; and it is downright illegal that this service has been funded by the government, 
  i live in the city , i have friends who are business-owners and do n't speak catalan . 
  this app is aimed at giving them a lower rating on this app . 
  this app 's data can later be used to denigrate the `` services '' offered by those businesses in other platforms too . 
  even if people are entitled to it , to boycott a store on the basis of not speaking the other co-official language is horrible . 
  and the worst part of it , is that my government is promoting this , with my tax monies, 
  yes , i am accusing because it is the motherfucking truth . 
  to be politically correct does n't mean to live in fucking denial . 
  you can go to a shop and speak whichever language you want . 
  if it is an insult to you that the attendant can not understand you ( unlikely ) or reply to you in that language ( most likely ) , you have every right to leave . 
  to oblige a business-owner to speak the other co-official language is about as moronic as denying that literally 100 % of catalan can speak and understand spanish perfectly well . 
  you do not have any legal right to force someone to speak another language - they can lose your business , and that is your free will to do so . 
  cyber-boycotting is a disgusting method of skirting legality . 
  i did n't say catalan is redundant ; what i said is that if a migrant business-owner has to learn a language to communicate with customers , it is more useful to speak spanish because more people understand it . 
  nobody is forcing catalans to not speak catalan , or to reduce usage anywhere - any horseshit you can summon the contrary is evidence of your agenda to break up a region that is de facto multicultural . 
  this bullshit race for superiority and constant propaganda of catalan cultural wealth reeks . 
  most of my friends here are neither catalan or other-spanish , and we fret that the direction taken is that of national socialism ; the very kind this app is supporting, 
  exactly this . 
  this is a step further in the cultural insulation on the secessionist agenda , it seeks to denigrate every other language and culture we have here in barcelona . 
  fact : most people in the city speak in spanish , because more people understand it . 
  fact : most shops are not even run by catalans , they 're run by migrants , servicing a majority international tourist clientele - speaking catalan is redundant if literally 100 % of catalans can speak spanish anyway . 
  there is no reason for this app other than creating a virtual community for catalan xenophobes to boycott businesses that do n't speak catalan properly, 
  we ca n't keep the streetlights on for roads connecting to the older airport terminal ( because crisis ? 
  ) , but we can certainly afford to develop software that encourages cultural bigotry . 
  great call on the bullshit , sad you 're being downvoted, 
  if your house is made entirely of wood , probably any repeated smell will get trapped there anyway . 
  ever been to a typical english chip shop ? 
  those reek of batter and expired fish . 
  but oh , that 's a more culturally acceptable overpowering smell i suppose ? 
  tell me i ca n't cook curry , fuck you !, 
  the only non motherfucking racist way about this is to tell filthy tenants to clean up their shit or gtfo , whether you 're white brown or green, 
  i 've had proper indian curries , and the smell can overtake the kitchen . 
  but then it goes away , like with every other meal , as long as you are n't a savage and clean your fucking kitchen . 
  this guy is a fucking racist, 
  i see what happened . 
  here is the [ post linking the same article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/625nl5/london_stock_exchangedeutsche_boerse_deal_blocked/ ) , some 30 minutes before i did . 
  the difference is he used the bbc.co.uk and mine is bbc.com , which is why i did n't get automatically redirected to his post when i clicked submit . 
  ( which is what happens most of the time i try to post something , since people are very quick here  anyway , sorry for the duplicate, 
  this is so stupidly exaggerated . 
  maybe open a window while cooking , or do n't scrub the curry into the goddam walls and carpet ? 
  what a stupid exaggeration , as if bacon and fried eggs does n't leave a fucking smell, 
  ca n't let this [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fergus_and_judith_wilson ) edit go into oblivion  background [ edit ] fergus and judith wilson are both former maths teachers . 
  having both failed to gain o levels in being human beings and treating other people decently they moved in to the buy to let market with the aim of providing affordable decent housing for all . 
  an aim they appear to be singularly failing at . 
  giving people likeyou the right to vote is a waste of democracy, 
  how can you assert with the evidence so large as 4 million germans of turkish-muslim origin ? 
  you are a bigot . 
  and you probably live in an rural , isolated , single-race , single-culture society . 
  i do n't . 
  and i know many muslims who are barely distinguishable from other friends . 
  what you are saying is that people like mesut ozil are potential terrorists . 
  you are a cunt . 
  go back to your shed and wank to your sister, 
   if we want open borders and eu , we need to stop importing potential terrorists . 
  this is what you wrote at the start of your racist post ; i 'm arguing with your racist ass because i do n't agree with your fucking non-logic . 
  there has been no link between increasing islamic immigration with increased rapes and murders - and terrorist attacks have been committed in majority by descendants of well-settled immigrants , not from recent arrivals or refugees !, 
  many sociologists want to pin it on disenfranchisement or non-integration , but that 's a whole load of fucking bullocks . 
  these terrorists are just scum , who happen to be brown and muslim . 
  because they have a terrorist flag and common religion it makes for flash news . 
  let 's forget anders breivik , let 's forget the woman beaters , the prostitute-trafickers , the drug dealers , child pornographers and other vermin who happen to be in majority white and christian . 
  i 'm not saying `` i actively want more muslims to enter here '' , i 'm saying that that would be fucking irrelevant .
