  i mean , i still * do * read it for free , by disabling cookies i 'm sorry for insulting you, 
  about the news : this is along the same lines as the `` right to privacy '' bullshit . 
  if you do n't want your articles/website to appear on google [ news ] , add a robots.txt to your website 's root folder . 
  no more google crawly , no more showing your stuff , no more google searchers seeing your stuff ( or any of your website for that matter ) . 
  about the preference for adsense subscribers : i do n't know enough to comment , but i 'll read into it . 
  about monopoly position : i think that at least for shopping comparison sites , it 's fair to say competition lies mostly in intangible aspects ( connections with sellers , and technology for use by end-user ) . 
  i do n't think those elements are so expensive to produce , or that google 's position is set in stone that a better tech ca n't blow through their market share . 
  i would understand `` cutting the weeds while they 're still short '' , but purely as a customer , most comparison sites for flights ( is all i 've mainly used it for ) , are much inferior . 
  in opposite world , for as much money as they poured into google + , it made only a dent in facebook 's share of users , because google + is a piece of crap ( and in early days used to be incredibly invasive with your privacy ) and people refused to sign up or use it, 
  the contention though is that google 's shopping comparisons are on top of the page because google either manually puts them there or manually downgrades the other competitors . 
  whereas google contends that it 's only up there because of pagerank , that people use it more ( because it 's better/cheaper ) and therefore it 's higher up . 
  i understand they can not prove this unless they reveal the variables behind pagerank , to show they 're not `` gaming the system '' ; but i can not believe that verstager does n't even pay attention to the quality , features and pricing of the competition that brought this claim to her . 
  how can it not matter ? 
  so , even if you have a piece of crap , late 90 's style website , you should still expect being at the top10 first page ? 
  gim me a break !, 
  that 's a point of contention . 
  you say they did this deliberately ; whereas i 'm saying their service is higher ranked because it 's simply better . 
  of course neither of us have proof , and google is not about to reveal the variables composing their pagerank formula . 
  but what is evident as motherfuckign daylight , is that the competitor websites are more expensive with less features rendering a crappier user experience . 
  this fine is going to lead to worsen the customer experience if it sets precedent that any popular google service can be sued as monopoly for being popular on google search, 
  they were n't stealing shit ~ ~ you idiot ~ ~ , what they did was show the header + the first sentence of the news article , with a collection of sources for related articles , so that it 's easier for you to get to la vanguardia , or pais , or el mundo when they decide to write about relevant news other than fucking isabel pantoja . 
  the bigger publishers forced this legislation , to suss out the online-only competition , like huffpost and small blogs , as well as latino publishers from getting in their market . 
  in the end the ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ big publishers realised this dramatically shot their traffic , and allowed google to put their shit in search results , so at least people searching specifically for their ~ ~ crappy ~ ~ articles can find them easily, 
  this is the only contention . 
  the eu wants proof that pagerank is n't fixed , because it contends that lower ranking is a manual maeuver rather than the consumers preferring google over the rest . 
  and google least of all wants to share its most valuable trade secret . 
  in fact this comes up in any 101 seo class ; that web developers try guessing what aspects/practices can help raise your rank on google results , but that google keeps revising the formula ( and the past few years including variables personalising to each user ) , to avoid crappy websites gaming the system ( as used to happen aaaaaall of the time in the late 00 's - anyone remember those yahoo answer copycat websites with complete gibberish main text only with clickbait titles ??? ) . 
  if google were gaming its own engine in favour of its own websites , then it makes sense to do this fine . 
  but i do n't believe for a fucking second that sites like expedia are being downgraded out of malicious effort . 
  because i for one will seek out the end of the internet to find cheaper prices , whether googling helps or not, 
  this does n't even take into account that the downranking does not by itself prove anything : maybe people simply do n't click on those even when they are top results , maybe the investigation has prvoked some sites to unoptimise their `` seo '' to try and prove the point . 
  the fallacy lies within the dynamic nature of those results as youdescribe , but equally it should reflect on the fucking shittiness of the competition . 
  if google + were any good , people would have fucked off of facebook . 
  i do not believe that google purposefully demotes its competition , especially since i am 100 % free to seek out those sites ( if they were any fucking good !!!! ), 
  if the multibillionaires help me find stuff faster for cheaper and more reliabler , i 'm ok with that !, 
   often better tell me a better comparison site than google flights , i dare you !, 
  but you see , vestager olympically ignores pagerank , the cornerstone of google . 
  pages are higher up based on their popularity . 
  it 's hard to discern higher visits based on this view , because it lends to the negative `` well the one placed higher up gets all the views '' , because it eschews causality . 
  but instead just visit the shitshow that is the competition like expedia : higher prices , less choice , worse technology to find alternatives ... even if google puts its own service down two pages , it 'll have to keep it there artificially because people still want to use the best website for their own comparisons, 
  but you take google to be the marketplace , and therein is the fallacy . 
  much like you choose to watch one tv channel more than others . 
  yes , google could force many additional services through its primary product , and that 's the contention here - but it is n't a problem if the other comparison websites are such a load of shit !, 
  ever used expedia ? 
  why are their prices magically 5 % higher ? 
  do n't even have a map of suggested alternate destinations , or minimum prices on a calendar view !, 
  if the websites backing this shitshow had the technology , they would n't even care if google did try to divert , since people would flock to their website instead no matter how far down in the results !, 
  what this is going to achieve at best is that you click next page to get to the google comparison , or at worst it will kill the much better service from google altogether, 
  google shopping is a better comparison than most of the other piece of shit websites anyway . 
  it does n't even end the transaction like expedia or others ; it just sends you to the merchant 's actual site with the exact price + delivery cost that you clicked on , unlike kelkoo . 
  this punishment is a load of bullshit . 
  a search engine making money off affiliates ? 
  the horror !, 
  i wish google had a proper stab at hotel searches too , so it can kill trivago and booking.com for cheaper prices and direct dealing with hotels or guest houses . 
  i 'm a european , and this decision as well as the `` right to privacy '' decision a few years back reek of horseshit and not in any support of end customers . 
  in my country they even took away google news - how the fuck was that unfair competition ? 
  one may say she has a * german * way of showing it . 
  in all seriousness though , angela merkel deserves the nobel peace prize : she has held both her country and europe from populism , putinism and terrorism . 
  - she saved the euro by insisting to bail out greece - she rejected going to war over ukraine , instead applied sanctions on russia - her pragmatism allowed teetering economies like spain , portugal and italy , to stabilise with the ecb 's help - the only eu country to say and do the right thing about the syrian refugee situation you guys bash on her for small things , but for the big important issues she 's always been on the right side of history . 
  she took your pr0n away : /, 
  someone make me a punk-rock song ? 
  i ai n't gon na be no league of nations , naa , naa , na na-na naaa, 
  ( i just commented this on another post , but god dman it i 'm gon na paste it here again ) the brits have had eu free-roaming plans from `` three '' and others for years . 
  now those fuckers are gon na get their facebooks flooded with our holiday spam !, 
  but seriously : this `` small '' roaming shit alone is going to unlock so much travel and business between our borders , it 's absolutely insane !, 
  i do n't understand why there are n't rogue politicians running on a `` free broadband '' ticket - at this day and age , a fast internet connection is about the highest demand of any european . 
  you can go and do just about anything so long as you 're connected . 
  i am almost emotional for all the people in small towns that might never considered travelling for fear of not knowing how to get what where and how . 
  plug in to your internet and find an answer , instantly - remain connected - translate yourself instantly - improvise plans/dinner on the fly , etc. 
  i am so fucking proud of these wrinkly old bureaucrats in brussels , you 've done a fucking fantastic thing you bastards, 
  the brits have had eu free-roaming plans from `` three '' and others for years . 
  now those fuckers are gon na get * their * facebooks flooded with * our * holiday spam !, 
  but seriously : this `` small '' roaming shit alone is going to unlock so much travel and business between our borders , it 's absolutely insane !, 
  i do n't understand why there are n't rogue politicians running on a `` free broadband '' ticket - at this day and age , a fast internet connection is about the highest demand of any european . 
  you can go and do just about anything so long as you 're connected . 
  i am almost emotional for all the people in small towns that might never considered travelling for fear of not knowing how to get what where and how . 
  plug in to your internet and find an answer , instantly - remain connected - translate yourself instantly - improvise plans/dinner on the fly , etc. 
  i am so fucking proud of these wrinkly old bureaucrats in brussels , you 've done a fucking fantastic thing you bastards, 
  i 'm from spain . 
  mh17 , i do n't forget !, 
  ela re malaka !, 
  idk but i thought my point was that indians are an example of culture embedding , positive anyway, 
  you kid , but beef vindaloo is not a thing in india, 
  i wonder how much of that 80 % in ireland is because of graham norton , guy is awesome, 
  ok he did n't sing in english , but how is the electro-beat any original ? 
  i 'm with you man . 
  at least make a new formula , do n't try and all be abba for 30 + consecutive fucking years, 
  it 'd help our song if he was talking about anal . 
  `` do it for your lova babeee '', 
  would love to know the story behind this !, 
  i hope it 's shutting to be replaced by something better , but maybe too optimistic in current times lol, 
  in the news yesterday/today they asked `` you nervous '' , and he 's like `` nahh , gettin here was already a victory '' . 
  because you sure as shit only barely made it hahahah, 
  i really hoped that the only song that did n't follow the eurovision formula would win , and it fucking killed !, 
  dude , spain did so bad , they cut the post-contest interview hahahahahahahaha, 
  holy shit , i knew he was bad - but after 15 countries . . spain zero points ? 
  lol , seriously ? 
  why is that israeli channel shutting down ? 
  that guy seemed real sad : /, 
  i remember they were the invited country once .
