i came here to say i approve of your pizza :d, 
  there was an economist article which basically said that the propensity for young male foreigners to start their own business was higher than any other group . 
  that , and the fact they barely ever rely on social services ( hospitals , pensions , etc. 
  ) , proved that young male foreigners are a net-contributor to their host countries, 
   same revision where they decided este was the same as \u00e9ste what !?!!? 
  i 've been red marking that shit too !!, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaa is there a drae update log file which i can insert into my brain ? 
  since when beeeeech ? \u00bf ?! \u00a1 !, 
  my left eye twitches and my red marker writhes in pain whenever i see solo without the accent on the news !, 
  most people would smile , tell you how to say it correctly , and then laugh * with * you ;d, 
  backpedalling on what , neonazi ? 
  immigration is much more complex than just `` let em in or not '' , and the situation of long-term illegals is the only real sticking point between both parties - normalise their situation through citizenship , or do literally nothing while they live anonymously . 
  the democrats never said they 'll make it easier to enter the states or that they want bigger quotas . 
  and for that matter , they never once said they will get rid of the 2nd amendment either , as your fox news has been feeding you for years, 
  no , you damn idiot . 
  i 'm saying that illegals that have been settled for years , if not decades , should be normalised . 
  the entrenched black money economy will be eradicated , and the benefits to the exchequer will be shared with the rest of society too - it 's the most economically sensible thing to do . 
  the world is not black and white , as much as trump has painted it for your dumb little mind . 
  nobody has advocated to get rid of borders , and the rules for entry should and will remain strict . 
  but there should be larger intake , especially for war refugees , the process quicker , and flaws such as the h1b employer dependency abolished . 
  what i referred to before was the fact that most americans are descendents of immigrants . 
  fine that the world is more complex now that people ca n't just enter willy nilly ; but that compassion to allow people to `` follow the american dream '' has been sidelined completely for isolationism, 
  check your elections , man, 
  in spain up until these last two elections we had a `` turn system '' , one party would get absolute majority for a while until it fucks up then the other . 
  the latest pp/conservative government came due to the economic recession . 
  before , in 2004 , the psoe/socialist government came into power after the terrorist attack , which was a direct consequence of aznar deciding to go to war in iraq while 91 % of spaniards were against it . 
  at this moment , the only party with an actual plan for economic recovery is pp ; it now has a lesser majority because the entry of populist left-wing parties , which also denied forming a centre-left-coalition because they favour a referendum for secession in catalonia . 
  this has no mother fucking connection to american politics . 
  if anything , there are more poor people voting for a complete trumpian revolution through the populist left parties than through the traditional pp/psoe, 
  the only hysteria left is that trump * wo n't * do the things he has promised you . 
  and btw , i voted conservative - the difference here being that we can be pro-refugee and trade deals , while reducing taxes and subsidies . 
  the world is upside down in america, 
  the age of consent is 16 , and actually the average wage pre-tax is 5 $ / hr . 
  i may be poor , but at least i have morals and compassion for others even worse off than me . 
  go fuck yourself, 
  ah sorry , she looks so young , i meant your mother . 
  go back to licking your mother 's vagina , you filthy motherfucker . 
  spain is down but on its way up . 
  america just hopped on the slide to hell , good luck !, 
  we have a tough time dealing with sub-saharan immigrants climbing into ceuta/melilla , but those 2-5000 people are far from a problem on our budget . 
  the real problem is cleaning up after drunk english tourists , of which i 'm sure many are your direct relatives, 
  well , fuck you right back , little cunt . 
  go back to munch on your sister 's muff, 
  example : if you just came in and i find you , gtfo immediately . 
  if you 've been here long enough that you already make ends meet even without a work permit , it 's more expensive to kick you out than making you legal and pay taxes and contribute to society . 
  you are seeing the world as black and white , and giving the helm to people like trump and farage that talk down to a world whose complexity they ca n't even comprehend beyond their abject view of society, 
  to vote democrat was not to vote for open borders . 
  hillary spoke of nromalising the situation of illegals , but she never said she 's going to make it easier for anyone to come in . 
  hell let me also add that voting democrat was never a vote to ban weapons either , no matter how many republican ads you 've eaten up, 
  yes . 
  so long as they do not have a criminal record , they should be given the same opportunity as any other person to earn their living . 
  social security nets and so on should be based directly on your contribution to society , however you want to calculate that . 
  i never advocated for no borders . 
  i do n't advocate for people overstaying their tourist visas and disappearing . 
  what i am saying is that there are millions of illegals who have a whole life there , a family , a job , maybe even a house - it would be beneficial for them and the exchequer if their situation was legalised . 
  inb4 : i forgot compassion has no place in 2016, 
  i see you 're going through my history now , dear trump supporter . 
  i was n't advocating for zero borders , and sure as shit do n't advocate for lawlessness . 
  what i * am * against is not normalising the situation of people who are already in . 
  i am also in favour of a more straight forward application process - bigger quotas yes , but more efficiency in rejecting applications , and not tying them to the h1b employer which are just as corrupting . 
  with greater compassion for refugees of war situations , and a completion of the promise for citizens to follow whatever their faith in freedom ( so long as they abide by the secular laws of the land ), 
  you are so wrong to think that poor whites are going to think they made the wrong choice . 
  in their eyes trump was no worse than clinton . 
  in their eyes , greater trade deals mean only fucking with their jobs . 
  what they do n't understand , and never will , is that greater trade brings them cheaper goods , and that those protections ( as with the steal industry ) only save a few thousand jobs while making goods more expensive for everyone . 
  education is the silent killer , and reality tv is the mother of all madness, 
  which , as i learned tonight , make [ 53 % ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/what-the-womens-vote-means-in-2016/ ) of the people who vote, 
  but they * do * know better !, 
  that is the motherfucking irony !!, 
  * illegal * would be not to counter-attack putin 's actions in the eastern european countries when your trump president tells you to look the other way . 
  this is what is going to happen in 2017, 
  i think that it 's rather that trump is just the kind of retard that successfully convinced people to make him leader of the free world . 
  i think he 's dangerous because he has n't a clue what is at stake when he `` relaxes '' his eye over russia . 
  i do n't thing putin owns him , but america is definitely going to get owned by russia - and that is why i question whether the other people in command of the country 's defence are going to just go along with this madness, 
  i do n't understand in particular how he got latinos to vote for him - what sadomasochistic relation is that ? 
  he also gets the weapons nuts to vote him while openly suggesting he is going to be putin 's bitch - how the shit ? 
  what i hoped was that there would be plenty more who would want to legalise the situation of millions of de facto illegals , who are connected to them by blood or friendship , but selfishness again trumps compassion . 
  i do n't expect a brexit to understand this anyway, 
  i did n't say democrats ... i said a coup d'etat , meaning the military and perhaps their intelligence agencies . 
  this trump rapprochement towards putin , how does that make any sense in the face of renewed hostilities from russia ? 
  what i wished for was hillary to win , like the rest of europe minus russia, 
  this is also the country that is still in a cold war with russia . 
  with every other person of power - from the various intelligence agencies to every part of the military involved in policing the world order - in complete disagreement with your commander in chief ... it does n't seem so far fetched, 
  to regularise the situation of the many millions of de facto illegals living in the country , one or several of which you are undoubtedly tied to by blood or friendship ; to finally bury the daft standoff with cuba , to normalise trade and family relations ; to demonstrate that america is a stalwart of freedom and democracy in the face of populist oppressive regimes in much of south america ... would seem reason enough not to shove it all down the toilet . 
  to deny `` allowing more in '' is an oxymoron - who the fuck let you in here in the first place ? 
  this , the land of the free , the land of opportunity , the melting pot of democracy - this now you want to close the door ? 
  the hand back the statue of liberty as well, 
  how likely is a coup d'etat in the united states of america ? 
  from my side , i do n't understand how any american that can speak spanish willingly went and voted for trump . 
  you warn him in every which way , have people from all over telling you against it , and yet the moth still goes towards the flame . 
  daft america , all minorities included, 
   ec to ban prawn cocktail crips epic lol, 
  gay jew euro piggybanks ftw !, 
  this is r/anormaldayinrussia material, 
  * eurohuchas maricas * it 's got a ring to it, 
  you can thank our communist mayor for this . 
  to put on a show that was sure to descend in violence and repulsion . 
  to put up a franco statue , what the fucking fuck ? 
  is there any political party that would advocate a return to the dictatorship ? 
  i am revolted by this stark attempt of yet another pretentious `` us vs them '' , my city is going to shit,
