  politicians are voted in by various sectors of the population , and some sectors are given empty promises that are never going to be fulfilled - for your most recent example , see donald trump declaring if he wins he will appoint a judge to prosecute hillary clinton . 
  gibraltar is rarely ever in the papers and much less on people 's minds . 
  the only thing that pisses off spaniards about the rock , is when you are clearly running money laundering schemes , and every so often picardo does picardo shit like dropping blocks of cement into the sea floor to impede our police vessels ' transit in contested waters . 
  even when margallo said this shit about co-sovereignty , it had but a dent on the daily news - because , again , nobody gives a fuck about gibraltar . 
  you can go and find whatever speech you want from the annals of history , but you are dead fucking wrong if you think spanish people are seeking / going to allow annexing your rock, 
  you are talking of a handful of people in power or who had power . 
  you want to talk of my country , you talk of my people . 
  you will be hard pressed to find regular spanish people who want to `` take back '' gibraltar - do n't embiggen yourself little britain , only you alone in europe give a fuck about empire . 
  the rest of us are ashamed of the colonial past, 
  nobody in spain except for ex-minister margallo wants that so-called `` co-sovereignty '' . 
  not the spaniards that go to work daily there / smuggle cigarettes in from there , not the central government who wants to keep dependent on british tourism , and not the rest of us who could n't give less of a shit that britain keep that tiny rock / tax haven . 
  this is the same shit as aznar saying we go to war in iraq , despite tve1 news showing that 91 % of spaniards are anti-war . 
  at least in this case , margallo got the boot from the new cabinet . 
  if you want to talk shit about my country , bring fire mother fucker . 
  actually , i think the `` mileuristas '' refers to the * mode * ( most frequent ) , because most jobs pay that round amount before tax ( so even less than 1000eur per month net ) , and this is the statistic that is always missing, 
  there are literally zero parties in the spanish congress who are against refugees . 
  pp has hesitations about the amount and speed of influx , but even they say they are pro-refugee . 
  more and more i am convinced that these uk news sources have zero sense of what the rest of europe actually thinks, 
  being anti-secession and pro-nato is hella populist, 
  33 % of spaniards have populist , * right * - wing views ??? \u00bf \u00bf \u00bf !!, 
  another way we get screwed is by having to register as an aut\u00f3nomo ( sole business owner ) , where you pay your own social security fee , and your `` employer '' pays you in bills as if a contractor . 
  there is no manner of minimums there, 
  i think this also accounts for messi and penaldo 's salaries tho . . 
  this link is to the full text report in the eu parliament , horrendously long : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=report&amp;reference=a8-2016-0316&amp;language=en, 
  i 've always thought of germany as the japan of europe in that regard, 
  i also think it would great to have turkey in the eu . 
  their current situation is a piece of shit , post-coup and still dealing with mass immigration/refugees . 
  but turkish society at large assimilates to many of the values in europe . 
  despite a vast muslim majority , they have a secular constitution and protect individual rights ; most women do n't wear a veil , and many drink in private without causing a stir . 
  accession to the eu would mean more freedom in turkey , not the other way around . 
  and the benefits of free trade with turkey will be most obvious after peace in the middle east , where it is conversely viewed as a platform to the lucrative eu market . 
  people in this thread and maybe much of eu are so afraid of a turkish invasion . 
  turkey is a great country , with modern , hard-working people who have developed a booming economy in only the last decade . 
  yes they 're behind on some freedoms , but if we entice entry in return for reform , we can together become an even greater block of forward-thinking countries, 
  no it is n't . 
  madrid 's local govt tried to pass laws about neighborhood justice courts and other looney ideas that get struck down too . 
  the energy companies operate on a national level , and at this point at least their licenses cover the whole state ( except maybe the basques , and that 's the sort of special status that the catalan `` secessionists '' really want ) . 
  and :  it was not like the energy companies would not get the money . 
  the catalan government would be paying for them . 
  actually , the catalan govt has one of the worst default / slow payment rates in the country . 
  if you remember infamous examples where the state made transfers to pay outstanding pharmaceutical bills ( private pharmacy business owners ) , which the catalan govt either misallocated or just decided they were n't going to complete their promises within the agreed timeframe . 
  if you think i 'm bullshitting about the lack of fiscal seriousness of catalunya , you can see for yourself the ratings of their sovereign bond : http://www.datosmacro.com/ratings/espana-comunidades-autonomas, 
  it is not a regional authority 's prerogative to pass such a law . 
  you can change that , but only if you change the competencies of said local government from the central government . 
  this however skips the story at hand , which the bbc does n't report in full . 
  in later investigation there are a whole 3 parties at fault : the energy co for not turning it back on , the local authority for not telling the energy co to do so , and lastly and most importantly the terribly inept social workers that did not identify this situation sooner . 
  the neighbours then should have also given an alert , but then maybe you can also blame the dead themselves for not asking for help that was available . 
  in the end it 's just a sad and shitty situation that nobody wanted . 
  hope that these deaths serve to create a protocol for attending people in these specific dire straits , and offer an easier way to ask for and get help, 
  i agree that much of the world , and much of europe , is becoming increasingly isolationist / nationalist . 
  but for those eu countries in russia 's periphery , it is not apathy but vehement russian propaganda that eludes concern about russian aggression, 
  yours is a severely convoluted question . 
  i 'd rather answer your question with more questions : why did russia see it fit to instigate division in ukraine over entry into the eu ? 
  why are there russian troops in donietsk ? 
  why did they try to cover up that russian artillery took down that passenger plane ? 
  why did those troops first go in without identifying badges ... only to then recognise them after the invasion was complete ? 
  why can russia breach the 94 budapest agreement over ukraine 's territorial integrity without consequences ? 
  why does russia today try to spin crimea as a tourist destination now , and gloss over the coup ? 
  this exactly . 
  what we are seeing here are new strategically placed chess pieces acting not as a shield but a deterrent , in place of what seems a likely exit of usa from nato . 
  and you 're wrong as shit if you do n't think putin has expansionary ambitions - have you already forgotten crimea ? 
  the first european invasion in decades ? 
  a porn star [ once ran for prez ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/adult-film-star-among-unusual-czech-candidates-for-eu-parliament ) in czech , so maybe ivanka thinks she 'll fulfil expectations, 
  europe could do with some more god damn freedom !, 
  omg , you think i would defend calatrava ?? 
  that narcisistic piece of shit that ca n't give less of a fuck that his buildings are [ falling apart and completely inadequate ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/13/world/europe/spanish-opera-house-to-lose-crumbling-facade-by-star-architect.html ) for every day use ? 
  #calatravatelaclava he 's a perfect example of today 's `` post-modern '' society or whatever the fuck , where format rules over content, 
  norman foster is a fucking idiot , and he keeps getting work , i do n't understand . 
  all his fucking buildings are out-of-place lunacies that should belong only in r/retrofuturism, 
  you must not live in britain ? 
  even the bbc uses that as a descriptor on the news, 
  the sarcasm is strong with this one, 
  yea , i 've only heard the british say asians to refer to indians and paks, 
  oh i agree , but i was describing the `` logic '' of saying the opposite . 
  it 's flatly discriminatory because it ascribes religion to physical features and land of origin . 
  but that * is * the way many people think . 
  it 's like the amount of times i 'm told `` your spanish is so good ! '', 
  ... in the real world people deal with the information they have . 
  if you have n't traveled much or mixed with other kinds , your narrow world-view has you ascertain a person 's `` properties '' by looks alone . 
  i think people forget that still a sizeable portion of our societies do n't live in big cities where multiculturalism is a fact of life, 
  `` by origin , even if you claim to not believe , does n't mean you were n't raised religious or that your parents are n't devout '' , is the argument there, 
  this cunt is spam, 
  there are countless foods in spain product of the fascist dictatorship period , like cola-cao ( chocolate drink ) . 
  we ca n't just erase our history ; we all know those were times of suffering . 
  but god damn it , if it tastes good , i 'm still eating/drinking it !, 
  yea idk , something about imitation or something ; i 've seen some bad imitations at my supermarket , kofola kicks ass !, 
  i 've never tasted something like it, 
  my czech * was really ashamed introducing it to me - i thought it 's fucking awesome !, 
  edit : * friend jeeeeez , guys, 
  horchata is the drink of spain, 
   this would make the catalan government simultaneously an observer and the observed party in a partisan consultation that is so retarded , it did n't even make the local catalan news . 
  at least now we know why they went to visit the carter center in the first place !, 
  the provincial government keeps reiterating its parallels to a scottish referendum ; whereas the latter had central government consent and royal approval to continue as a constitutional monarchy , this one ca n't even get consent from its own local parliament to represent a majority of voters . 
  this is what happens when you pretend that the financial crisis emanates from not being able to control our own tax monies ( which is a lie through and through ) . 
  sidelining celebrations of our 25th olympic anniversary was the last fucking straw, 
  - [ 3hr full vhs video of opening ceremony ] ( https://youtu.be/qrg7wccsyoi?t=689 ) - [ 2hr official film for the olympics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck2jpalooma ) - [ los manolos ' rumba catalana , second theme of the olympics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5f6ovc8fbfe ), 
  they 're also banning our pr0n , and making our internet anti-neutral !, 
  hell , i know they 're behind all the fucking forest fires too !!, 
  but it 's not political if it is engaged by its industry and market and has nothing the motherfuck to do with politics ? \u00bf ! \u00bf ?! \u00bf ?! \u00bf ? \u00bf ?!? \u00bf ! \u00bf ? 
  what , the fuck are you even talking about ?
