  if you want to stay in the same place with rising rent prices , then you should buy your property . 
  if you refuse to learn a new trade , then either prepare for consequences or get ready to work elsewhere . 
  during the crisis , if you ca n't afford the mortgage of your depreciating house , rather than wait for them to kick you out take your house and still pay the loan , under-sell the house and at least get rid of the majority of your debt . 
  i understand not everyone wants to deal with the truth , but eventually your bad decisions catch up with you in the worst possible outcome . 
  1 - of course globalisation entails immigration , where the fuck did i deny this ? 
  i 'm also saying immigration is a good thing ; an inevitable fucking thing . 
  yes yes , this majority that not 10 years ago scoffed at the idea of using the internet on a daily basis for work , education , mobility , freedom , relationships , ... implying that globalisation only helps the young and mobile is the greatest lie of all . 
  it certainly permeates the borders , but it also liberalises society at large . 
  the biggest winners from anti-trade are those who own the resources on either side - be it land , property , utilities , or other natural monopolies . 
  if you think that restricting opportunity is protecting the local population , then we have now reached a new level of daft . 
  i understand how people get off to images of patriotism , soldiers , country-side , traditional values - fantastic , keep it , and also fuck your sister while you 're at it . 
  the rest of us live in cities , are anti-violence , irreligious , enjoy a different cuisine every day , and just want a faster internet for work and play, 
  2 - yes , you can change jobs , so long as you can reapply skills in different ways . 
  there are even free programs to educate new skills , lasting between 3-12 months , fully paid and certified , available to people of varying circumstance . 
  ( does n't even mention online learning or freelance working ) . 
  1 - the rise of populism is due to the financial crisis , do n't make the fucking mistake . 
  the rise of populist leaders , all of them , has been pinning the blame of the economic crisis on different reasons according to local flavours - eg . 
  immigrants ( brexit ) , the central government ( catalonia ) , drugs ( philippines ) - all of it placebo horseshit . 
  if you want to stop populism , create wealth . 
  it does n't start with blaming the rich for not sharing it . 
  trade agreements are one avenue for unlocking potential . 
  another is liberalising government-controlled industries . 
  another may be relaxing regulations governing employment protections . 
  all of these inherently can have some negative effects ; but the whole fucking point of negotiation is try to create a net-positive situation ( exactly fucking against the concept of accumulation of people losing out from the deal ), 
  see , this is the whole point - you take a political angle on an economic question . 
  inevitably , politics philosophy and economics are intertwined , but if you are asking about trade agreements , then we are talking about motherfucking trade agreements . 
  yes , gdp is n't the only measure for impact on a society , but it 's pretty evident that for there to be jobs there need to be companies ; for companies there need to be sales ; for sales there needs to be opportunities ; for opportunities there needs to be a sensible economic direction ... and this is the crux of legislation meets the real economy . 
  regular people do n't have to give a toss about high-level numbers , they rarely even appeared on the news before the crisis . 
  what they need to be assured is that the impact is going to be positive . 
  `` trickle down '' is now seen as a bad word , but that 's kind of how wealth works . 
  the way you speak is more of a totalitarian view of society , not democracy or the fundamentals of capitalism . 
  riling people up about coal and dinosaur industries to get their vote on an agenda designed more to ruin lives than ever enrich them . 
  you want to help people : give them opportunity , not the fire to burn it all the fuck down, 
   however , a majority of european citizens recognise that protectionism does not protect . 
  it may provide short-term relief , but history shows that it never had lasting success , and has often led to disastrous outcomes . 
  a cautionary example is the 1930s great depression which was exacerbated by tit-for-tat protectionism , and ultimately contributed to war . 
  i wish more schools would teach economic history . 
  i take for granted that most people know about this , but the fact is most idiots arguing against `` globalisation '' have n't even read this during their gcse 's . 
  governments and eu institutions need to focus on just teaching history ; for all the anti-liberal propaganda , much of it ( and the anger fueling it ) will wash away when people learn of our ( long and violent ) common history . 
  edit : and i also think instead of asking people about the word `` globalisation '' you should ask them simple fucking questions that they actually fucking understand : - do you like having a starbucks ? 
  - do you like being able to visit countries without 3-hour passport controls ? 
  - do you think it 's ok for your neighbour to bring her mom to live here once she 's settled economically ? 
  - do you think that people of a different race and origin deserve the same opportunities ? 
  even the most mindless anti-globalists can agree on the foundations of humanity which are at the core of globalisation itself, 
  you should take an economics 101 class , friend . 
  trade agreements are only complex because our societies have become complex . 
  though there may be an overwhelming desire for better prices across the board , there are many companies and possibly jobs that may be impacted . 
  that said , most ( if not all ) trade agreements are beneficial to all parties and stakeholders , because adding competition to the market produces better products at better prices , and better companies with better technologies . 
  it may sound i am obsessed with the word price , but this is key in quantifying the amount of resources we value any particular product/service . 
  new industries form from more optimised resource allocation , creating a virtuous cycle of new growth . 
  sometimes there are frictions , such as the quality standards and control for food and drugs , or how bank loans might work for overseas investments , court guarantees , and companies not getting taxed twice on the same income . 
  these take careful planning to provide legislation that is understood and agreed by all parties . 
  though most trade is renewable , to allow for perfecting the system , the immediate impact of opening borders and market is often delicate , it 's something everyone wants to go smoothly , and that 's why it takes time to reassure all parties . 
  trade agreements often do a lot more than just allowing entry of competing products . 
  it often creates more jobs to expand on sales of products/services that did n't even exist on the other market . 
  it allows for families to travel back and forth without restriction , increasing the cultural bond between people and countries . 
  there 's an increasing body of wealth created from interconnection , everything from culture to technology gets a cosmopolitan boost , for benefit of everyone except those who choose to close their eyes to opportunities anew, 
  man you 're getting some heated comments here ... i do n't think most people even understand what the word globalisation means , let alone read the above quote that puts it pretty eloquently . 
  the idea of being able to travel , work and live wherever you want are one of the pillars of this european union . 
  the business side of it is only a symptom , that enterprises permeate into geographies because of extended customer base . 
  the repeatedly ignorant view of `` immigrant bad '' is only perpetrated by xenophobes with no fucking clue about economics . 
  this hatred that has spread across the continent in the last 9 years , when the crisis begun , is repeating the history before we went into world war 2 . globalisation , entrenched interdependence , caring about planet issues collectively , these are the fucking web of humanity we engineered to prevent this horseshit from repeating itself . 
  thankfully though , as our economies re-emerge - because that is how fucking business cycles work , you ignorant fucking morons - all these mass ignoramus movements are dwindling , as people are more concerned about the next phone they wan na buy , or city they wan na visit now that roaming is a thing of the past . 
  eventually the hate-venters will see their shtick no longer working on liberals , and return to the gremlin holes of society where they belong, 
  * i * am implying that , i 'm stating a fact - the authoritarians in power right now that some of us `` dismay '' about , have been legally and democratically elected by the majority of citizens in those countries ( granted sometimes the popular votes do n't match the electoral seats won , but this arrangement was in agreement prior to starting every election ) . 
  erdogan , trump , may , this polish guy , all of them have political capital as their legitimately elected office holds . 
  citizens who rue the day these authoritarian figures were elected are ironically in the camp of pro-democracy . 
  how can you possibly come to the daft conclusion that pro-democrats now will want a `` new form of government '' ??? 
  what a dumb thing to say man , there is no logic whatsoever to your reasoning, 
  not only are you wrong , but you misinterpret an event that is diagrammatically opposed to reality  people are dismayed that the new things being proposed are generally right-wing oh , those people who voted in majority to have those anti-democratic politicians in power ? 
  what a stupid thing to say , mindless horseshit . 
  because it rhymes , it does n't mean it does n't smell like fucking shit, 
  the only universal correlation with corruption is `` those in power '' and `` time in power '' . 
  getting over partisan finger pointing , it is surely possible to design strict frameworks to catch and remove people who commit this crime ? 
  it should be * legally * stated how to police politicians , without politics involved in deciding their sentence . 
  obviously full evidence and correct interpretation of events is not something parties are known for . 
  so yea , the matrix again, 
  people knock over-representation . 
  i feel like with today 's spreadsheets , categorising interests to reach one-off agreements need n't be so hard . 
  the one-voice mandate is n't always the most effective ship-steerer , given that the ship is a dreadful analogy for a major , complex economy , with sundry social issues popping up as standards rise . 
  so long as there was consensus on objective justice , and the role of legislators as employees for citizens ' daily troubles and further aspirations , there could be quick and effective action without partisanship ... but that 's a programmatic utopia , maybe only belongs in the matrix, 
  there was a great article in the economist years back about citizen initiatives in california , essentially asking : should democracies allow self-destruction ? 
  how poignant are these times we live, 
  pew pew or in this case : pis pis, 
  i do n't think he was talking about brexit , but rather things like taking your pr0n away or threatening to trample universal rights to `` fight '' terrorism . 
  your internet is going to suck after you `` leave '' the eu 's net neutrality protections, 
  1 . you can check using incognito if it maybe changes 2 . just note that google shopping is pretty crap everywhere ; i think verstager is most concerned about flights , hotel comparisons and restaurant ratings . 
  all of these are in-line with your search , either above or to the side on a map - it 's hard to even conceive how or why google would make that open to competitors . 
  google the search engine has evolved much beyond the `` yellow-pages '' business that verstager paints of them . 
  in principle dominant positions can lead to damaging monopolies , but in practice google gets you the better prices , faster , within the very first page of your search , with the in-line `` service '' , after which you can complete the transaction at whoever is the actual seller instead of google, 
  did * you * read it ??? 
   to stop favoring its own shopping service . 
   systematically given prominent placement in searches to its own comparison shopping service and demoted those of rivals in search results . 
   `` it denied european consumers a genuine choice of services and the full benefits of innovation , '' . 
  i think you 've misunderstood the article : the point is google 's shopping comparison services , eg flights , appearing above competitors , eg expedia . 
  they say it 's a gamed algorithm , i 'm saying more people use it ( and gets ranked higher in search ) because superior technology and better prices without having to close the transaction with google 's comparison site, 
  erm , no it does n't ... searching jeans on google gives me ( in order ) : wikipedia , asos , asos again , levis , hollister , a map of jeans stores , monki , boohoo , nudijeans , forever21 . 
  if i put `` vaqueros '' because it is google . 
  * es * , it similarly gives : wiki , elcorteingles , elcorteingles again , spanishdict , bershka , zalando , zalando again , stradivarius , h & m , h & m again . 
  ( no map this time , which often happens in spanish , less optimised than english ),
