  ehh , we have another one who doesnt know what the concentration camp is . 
  i recommend looking it up in the dictionary . 
  you say i cant do it ? 
  just hold my beer, 
  what commitments would that be ? 
  there is no common immigrantion policy afaik . 
  well , my money is on beheading, 
  smarzowski ( the director ) doesnt give a fug , he will create rivers of butthurt from both sides edit : smarzowski said yesterday : `` this movie is directed against radical natonalism '' , so again it will be interesting . 
  pl article : http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/kraj/wojciech-smarzowski-o-wolyniu-to-film-przeciwko-skrajnemu-nacjonalizmowi/gwwkr6 i wonder which country will have bigger problems with this movie , tho . 
  what would happen if i removed the growth ? 
  this is not the future i have chosen, 
  german constitutional court made landmark case , which influenced poland and other countries . 
  it ruled that german consitution is above eu regulations no matter what . 
  afaik eu never accepted this ruling . 
  this exact attitude lead to communism , since poor people blamed rich for their shitty life . 
  i do ofc agree that giving cows drugs should be strictly regulated , but creating collective blame like a poster above me resulted with milions of people dying . 
  i cant agree with it . 
  we are the 99 % , are n't we ? 
  arent like most weapons lethal, 
  american tells ukraine that if they do n't do something europe is going to do something to russia . 
  we need to go deeper, 
  i wasnt reffering to myself , but thanks anyway . 
  i hope islam , will be a better fit , tho . 
  on the contrary , democracy and righteousness are two different things . 
  righteousness can exist in totalitarian regime too, 
  indeed , but again we dont have democracy in crisis . 
  pis does n't try to change democratic system in poland afaik . 
  that has nothing to do with democracy , you meant righteousness ? 
  pewdiepie seems to be okey, 
  democracy has 0 issues in poland , the righteousness is a different thing , tho . 
  it is not . 
  why would it ? 
   nationalist nuts out there maybe for nationalist nuts , but they are not in power , so who cares . 
  brits just hate us because you ai n't us , just admit it bruh . 
  they have enough power to interfere with universities or limit civil rights , though . 
  or maybe you should stop acting like pis is an evil power trying to fuck up poland and accept they have different opinion on some topics . 
  the real problem we face is a consitutional court issue which needs to be resolved , but i dont see pis backing down anytime soon . 
  sadly . 
  stop bullying this pole, 
  fuck that , they made up a story according to which we should veto uk and they fight it now . 
  noone gives a shit what sovereign country does . 
  top notch dipomacy tbh, 
  are we stronk yet ? 
  the universe where a hot chick is waiting for me i hope . 
  i like to think i am dating a model at some parallel universe , the fair universe i like to call it . 
  well , he was polish prime minister so kind of, 
  offtopic , what do you think about tusk ? 
  i hope cyberpunk 2077 wo n't suck ass, 
  seconded , we need to revenge 1655 . 
  swedes have good , modern navy , they are very imporant for baltic region . 
  i like the thumbnail so much xd, 
  we ca n't allow it to happen , can we ? 
  i reffered to you mistake calling it concentration camp . 
  you wish guys . 
  nice try though . 
  the convention is easily found on any webpage . 
  you can check if your country is a signatory to it too . 
  do you expect me to do it for you ? 
  i was n't following the lastest news on this . 
  is it certain that those regulaions are harmful and that provisions in those arent going to change ? 
   i have seen the current eu human rights charter . 
  well , what does it say about hosting refugees and how it is legally binding ? 
  eu refugee policy is based on this act . 
  this is the core of refugee policy in eu countries . 
  i think you have n't seen the refugee convention from 1951 , have you ? 
  you can check the defnition of a refugee there ( afaik it was art . 
  30 something - i cant guarantee it ) , come back and apologise for trying to be smart . 
  i think that your private definitions of things and trying to play on my emotions do not change the defnition of what a concentration camp is . 
  i am sorry , but your opinions are only your opinions , they do n't have to be right . 
  i just believe eu can save more people this way , for less cost for both us and refugees . 
   oh please . 
  wait , this is like your reply to what you said above ? 
  you should visit some concentration camp . 
  maybe comparisons like this one wo n't be so easy for you anymore . 
  hopefully . 
   do n't use those crocodile tears on me , concentration camps have existed for decades before ww2 yes they did , that i why i used ` global ' definition of concentration camps instead of nazi concentration camps . 
  those are not my tears , this is the explanation of words that you tried to force on me 30 minutes ago . 
  i am for full supervision of refugees ' well-bing there , if eu pays it should require good conditions for those people . 
  well , i know that for someone from australia term concentration camp is nothing , for us on the other hand it has a meaning . 
  this is quite saddening what you just did , i admit it upsets me a bit . 
  let me show you what the phrase ` concentration camp ' means then , because i think you do n't really know it . 
  i 'll use the dictionary from your own langauge i presume . 
  the oxford dictionary . 
   concentration camp - a place in which large numbers of people , especially political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities , are deliberately imprisoned in a relatively small area with inadequate facilities , sometimes to provide forced labour or to await mass execution . 
  https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/concentration_camp you see for it to be a concentration camp those people would need to be imprisoned there . 
  so let 's go futher what does imprison mean , well it seems that it does n't solve our problems since :  imprison - put or keep in prison or a place like a prison . 
  let 's go further , what a prison is  prison - a building in which people are legally held as a punishment for a crime they have committed or while awaiting trial . 
  to sum up . 
  refugees neither are held there for punishment nor they are held there forcefully - they can go back anytime . 
  my question is why are you using words from your own language that you do n't understand ? 
  they are eastern european after all, 
   of course ? 
  what do you think the conferences for refugees in syria and the surrounding countries were for ? 
  to collect money to provide for these programs . 
  there is a multitude of programs supporting refugees in different areas of the world - many set up by the un/unhcr . 
  if my country does n't contribute there it 's a shame . 
  i fully support us contributing in there . 
  we ca n't just criticise other solutions doing nothing in return . 
   the one which is criticized for repeated human rights abuses yes , this one . 
  i never said it was a good solution , the better one would be moving them to lebanon .
