   russia and europe so russia confirmed for non-europe or what, 
  is it really needed ? 
  i mean i do n't really know what is happening there since i am from southern poland . 
  is it a frequently used route ? 
  sorry for my countrymen 's butthurt in advance, 
  brutal, 
  what ? 
  is this data legit ? 
  i mean support for federalisation so high in here ? 
  wolyn movie appeared in cinemas all over poland . 
  it is a story about ukrainian massacre on poles during nazi occupation ( commited by ukrainians who were supported by germans at the time ) . 
  it is very controversial movie , especially now when ukrainians are looking to strenghten their national pride to manage through donbass conflict . 
  it also shows that poles were no saints back then . 
  the movie was supervised by historians , afaik ukrainian actors refused to play in it tho . 
  sure and what does it have to do with tolerance ? 
  ok , i was afraid it would be `` hoes '' for a moment, 
  thanks bros ( whats the female equivalent of bros ? ), 
  because it seems that you are the eastern europe of western europe guys . 
  and north korea is the closest one . 
  we will all get there , no worries . 
  eastern europe needs a strong romania . 
  i have seen your gdp growth recently , proud of you guys . 
  no , i only meant notification . 
  she doesnt need to do it if she decides to get an abortion , that would be irrarional . 
  you know what due diligence is ? 
  this issue was resolved long time ago . 
  yes , so guy should be informed about the child before this 9 week time . 
  this is an additional issue , thanks for raising it , i mean what happens if she doesnt know the father . 
  she can not be responsible for not informing him if she doesnt know him , i think this should be on man 's side to inform her who he is . 
   there are costs that are hard to quantify , however . 
  what if the woman looses a promotion or any other career opportunity because of the pregnancy . 
  i mean , who in their right mind would want to give a managerial position to a person who would soon be forced to stop working , and for a relatively long time ? 
  well there are courts to estimate it , it is normal civil obligation lik any other . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
   but you seem to be suggesting that a pregnant woman would have to identify the father before being allowed to have an abortion . 
  no , she can make it anytime ( up to 12th week or whatever other maximal limit there is ) . 
  it 's her body . 
   regardless , if the father was given the right to have a say about whether the woman must keep the baby before the 12th week , then he should be obliged to look after the mother from that moment on . 
  i am 100 % okey with that . 
  i mean i am not a doctor , but if woman will be forced to stop working or to incur additional costs , those should be shared as the child is both parents ' . 
   that argument would have a chance of making sense if the law imposed the man the obligation to look after the woman during pregnancy , especially if it is considered a risk pregnancy , or at least during the last stages . 
  i am pretty convinced that this is an untrue statement . 
  in poland basing on art . 
  142 of polish family code woman has a right to get monetary compensation for the period of of 3 months before the child is born from presumed father . 
  polish family code was introduced in 1964 . 
  giving that czech rep. was under commie regime with us i refuse to believe your family code does not have similar article . 
   this is mra bullshit pushed by men who do n't want to take any responsibility . 
  well , this is n't a real argument , isnt it ? 
   the woman has the right to an abortion because it 's her body . 
  it 's not the man 's body ; he has no say . 
  i said this above , in orginal post . 
   men and women have to pay child support because they are both responsible for the child . 
  it 's that simple . 
  yes they should be both responsible . 
  i fully agree . 
  if woman has a right to decide about their baby it is not equal for man not to have a say in this matter , because again the child is both parents ' . 
  because in 21st century you can find a person you had sex with and claim aliminies from him . 
  at least in europe . 
  which is the way it should be . 
   man has a way out : he just walks away . 
  he says that the child is not his and walks away what century we live in , again ? 
  i will add `` extreme sports '' to my cv from now . 
  this , poles are leeches , but sometimes we have our ideas . 
  you are still trying to make it all about emotions . 
  seriously / if a man with high testosterone rapes it isnt becuase he is high on it , it is because he is a criminal . 
  we are not animals . 
   i 'm not sure how it works , but presumably men who donate sperm wave their parental rights before a woman is impregnated , which is a completely different scenario . 
  no it is not . 
  you were referring to child 's rights o have both paretns and in this scenario child does not have those rights . 
  thus my question . 
   remember , a woman ca n't walk away , she has to either go through abortion or pregnancy . 
  mind that man doe n't even have those both options and this is the core of my first post . 
  he relies 100 % on woman 's choice , no matter if he wants or doesnt want the child . 
   okay , but do you see that a pregnant woman and a man who got her pregnant are n't in the same position , the woman is in a much more vulnerable position since she ca n't just walk away from it ? 
  she can by aborting . 
  man ca n't because he ca n't do anything . 
  yes this is the core of this problem . 
   mother nature does n't force the man to carry around a baby for 9 months while it grows inside your body . 
  nor should society that is why abortion was introduced . 
  if woman wants o carry a baby 9 months she can , if she doesnt she doesnt . 
   have you ever actually talked to a woman who thought about having an abortion ? 
  no offence , but i honestly have problems with this attitude . 
  i mean i try to dicuss an issue here , like the actual problem basing on facts and opinions . 
  generally people when lack those above , they try to push discussion on prejudice/emotions and i am afraid you are tryng to do this righ now . 
  i mean can go making stories about sad father who lost his future beloved child , because evil mother decided to abort , but is this really a point in here ? 
  i mean , this would lead to nowhere . 
  wait , you suggest that it 's cool - in your opinion - to create unfair solutions but only in some cases , just because they are already implemented ? 
   the right of the child to be supported by their parents . 
  so let 's have a sperm bank example . 
  woman gets a sperm sample from bank , she has a child . 
  the child is born legally without a father on mother 's choice . 
  should sperm banks and in vitro facilities which allow this procedure be banned ? 
  let 's put it other way , in different example . 
  is it a baby 's fault that moher used a sperm bank 's sperm to have a child because in this way it doesn not have a father . 
  should sperm banks be banned , becuase of that ? 
  and anticonception pills for woman , so what ? 
   solution to what ? 
  biology is simply different and give women an option men do n't have . 
  that is not a problem , it 's a fact of life . 
  again adn again .
