  crtl + f `` poland '' , `` no matches '' why are we so damn average, 
  well , i can find you dozens of articles to prove they make problems in here , way more than bielarussians . 
  maybe , but what if they just have a different culture that wo n't fit in here ? 
  we see examples in western europe how 2nd and 3rd generations of middle eastern immigrants do n't blend into society . 
  let 's be honest in here for a second , poland is a poor , commieblock ridden country full of slavs like me . 
  we do n't want to risk our country getting even worse . 
  generally flairs are overused here , but this is one of few examples how to use them . 
  i am well aware of that , but i do n't think we will find an understanding in this matter , this is the core of western-eastern europe conflict in eu . 
  we generally have an experience of our countries ridden by wars , so any destabilisation of country is considered very unwanted . 
  i am aware that most chechens are okey , but i am against risking my country to have real problems with the rest of them . 
  the problem is they were . 
  article only from yesterday about chechens recruting people to isis - http://www.wsensie.pl/polska/17149-czeczeni-rekrutowali-w-polsce-bojownikow-isis they are from different cultural circle , what is more they ca n't even live well with russians and they have been living on russian soil for quite a while . 
  this is the reason why i am against accepting chechns and for accepting bielarusians . 
  we have monorities from both countries and ukrainians/bielarusians are not very distant from us and there are about 1,5 milion of them living in poland . 
  are n't those the reasons why we should accept them ? 
  chechens are n't integrating well , way worse than bielarusians . 
   nothing bad happened . 
  y-yeah , isis is n't that bad r-right ? 
  http://www.wsensie.pl/polska/17149-czeczeni-rekrutowali-w-polsce-bojownikow-isis and this is an article from when ? 
  yesterday - do i really need to find more ? 
  i just love how every picture concerning immigrants/refugees show children . 
  bbc reporting worsening german exports . 
  did postbrexit banter started just now , before brexit ? 
  it is hardly breaking news . 
  also , how long does donald have before he comes back to poland ? 
  he might be just trying to be edgy to win some press . 
  i bet they sent him a postcard with this nomination saying `` you did it bro , the absolute madman '', 
   my grandma lives in a polish village and she as well as many others still burn coal i laughed . 
  i am sorry , but this is too much . 
  you know that burning coal has an additional , different meaning in english , dont you ? 
  who are you going to blame for a rise of a nationalism ? 
  eastern europe !, 
  finally , great decission . 
  just tell them they will be exported to poland , they will disappear the next day . 
  manlets not allowed . 
  still 24 years vs 24 days . 
  no matter how you present them , the results are pretty obvious . 
  i think they did n't come up with a better excuse so they just copied murrican one hoping for the best . 
  also relevant link : https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/09/the-counted-police-killings-us-vs-other-countries, 
  i thought it was an american thing , how much black population does uk have ? 
  and how black lives are eco now ? 
  it 's only banter . 
  you just have eastern european mentality , for some it is way worse than racism . 
  good luck anyway . 
  i see now his post was edited , guess what was added, 
   it 's a shame the building did n't go down i still hope you meant something different . 
  and what is the first rule of british fight club ? 
  like 4 hours ago i was downvoted for implying that more poles might be attacked . 
  communism was a cancer that fucked up third of the world . 
  it was an utopian system , where enterpreneurs got all the blame . 
  what metrics would be better for evaluating the quality of life ? 
  is it whataboutism from a british person ? 
  i thought it was a russian thing . 
  i bet we have bigger history of tolerance than your country . 
  few centuries bigger . 
  dont feel special about yourself , friend . 
  well , okey , cool . 
  how it is relevant to r/europe ? 
  heads of states meet sometimes . 
  i found this table somewhere in the internets , is someone able to confirm its validity ? 
  yeah , it would be cool if you did bros. 
  yet you failed to provide your legal source . 
  and again your common knowledge didnt worked out well in comparison to 91.2 of polish consitution . 
  polish consitution makes general rules of legal acts ' hierarchy , show me an legis speciali to those rules which have constitutional or above constitutional power . 
  you were simply worng and now when i provided you with legal source , you try to hide your lack of basic knowledge . 
  sorry i was wrong about the uk , you dont have general but special rules in some fields . 
  eu countries are obliged to do so , but in this case i dont think polish law is applicable here . 
  so this situation is n't even ` on the table ' . 
  what is local law ? 
  constitution is the highest law here and in art . 
  91.2 it states that ratified international law is above bills/statutes . 
  i mean what is there to be discussed ? 
  where did you found your local law theory ? 
  what acts have higher priority than consitution ? 
  give me precise act which is higher than our constiution that says oherwise . 
  i mean i know that imagination is important in discussion , but i would like to see a legal base of your claim . 
  not press articles , not stories nor fairytales , which article of the act higher than constitution forms your local law theory ? 
  if consitution states that some international act are above statues , they are above statutes and below consitution . 
  simple as that . 
  welp i deleted my previous answer by accident . 
  again i stand by my previous answer , british jurisdiction can be applicable to poland in same cases , and another way around . 
  there are several ways by which a state can exercise jurisdiction : territory ; active personality ( i.e. 
  the accused will be prosecuted in the country of the nationality of the offender ) ; passive personality ( i.e. 
  the accused will be prosecuted in the country of the nationality of the victim ) ; universal jurisdiction ( i.e. 
  the state will be able to prosecute regardless of the nationality of the offender , the victim , and where the offence was committed , e.g. 
  torture ) . 
   the national criminal law is higher priority than international law , this is common knowledge literally what the hell ? 
  polish constituion art 91.2  an international agreement ratified upon prior consent granted by statute shall have precedence over statutes if such an agreement can not be reconciled with the provisions of such statutes . 
  this is a common knowledge , taught to 16 year olds in here . 
  how do you think eu legislation works in poland ? 
  yeah penal and criminal afaik is exchangable . 
  do i really need to teach you about the most basic principles of how law works ? 
  of course it is basic , general rule and for example art . 
  109 is a special rule . 
  https://pl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lex_specialis_derogat_legi_generali so again , it doesnt have to be international agreement . 
  just ask all of your questions in one post and i will try to answer at once . 
  i am afraid we will end up with tutoring sessions for you . 
  first of all , art. 5 is irrelevant in this context . 
  if you try to prove your point you need to go further than this , precisely art . 
  109 and further ...
