  you seem to be concerned about human rights in this issue , i have a question how much refugees did you host personally ? 
  i know it is easy to say what should be done , so i wonder what you did by yourself ? 
   it 'd be like the poles being released from the gulag in ww2 , and when they reached areas like iran or the levant put in only marginally better places . 
  wait i am no native speaker , so maybe i did n't get it right , you imply that putting people in lebanon is somehow close equal to them being in a warzone ? 
  i am happy you used this example , exactly poles were refugees once and poles were happy to leave gulags and those were the real refugees , not economic migrants . 
   well , this is what you governments ( v4 ) have advocated . 
  i don ' know maybe , i am not really on track with our current gov. 
   however , what is kind of ironic is that your governments are actually providing the least towards these programs . 
  do they exist in the first place ? 
  well , i do n't want to sound harsh , but you know that right now it is n't german only problem and german gov has only jurisdiction on german terroitory . 
  african/syrian immigrants do not enter schenen through german borders . 
  so merke 's policy right now is irrelevant for italy . 
  it is eu , since we dont really have borders in schengen , which needs to make a move . 
  yes , i am afraid i value more their actions than their words , but of course you do n't have to do the same . 
  well how can eu handle migration when we do n't even know how old are those people , they do n't have any id , nor it is given to them . 
  i am sorry but easy solutions are n't an option now , its too late for that . 
  i am sure with this pace it end up with [ australian ] ( http://www.barenakedislam.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/flier-english-high-res-e1403978720177.jpg ) solution for migration , which imho is reasonable by the way . 
   saying the summit had voiced the usual nostrums , renzi stressed that there had been no step forwards on migration , one of the two key topics on the agenda along with growth in a post-brexit world . 
  steps are pretty easy , the courage is a different things , since western politicans are too afraid to admit they were wrong in syrian policy . 
  i am okey with eu paying countries like idk lebanon , which is more culturally similar , to host refugees ( real refugees ) . 
  it way less expensive to host them in there than for example in denmark , so eu can even save more people this way . 
  but again it would requre to admit that current policy was simply wrong and harmful . 
  when we were n't right wing in current , wesern perception of this word ? 
  well , were they ? 
  i mean poland was always a right wing country , and we got steamrolled by nazis . 
  being right wing we did n't have a problem in giving women voings rights few months after getting our idnepdendence back in 1918 or 1919 ( i ca n't remember exactly ) . 
  also , communism was left wing . 
  yes , i think i can say i am , but it depends on the understanding of this term . 
  for example donald tusk ( he is a head of european council afaik ) when he was a pm in poland he was considered as centre-left politician , but in eu he is described as a conservatie . 
  yes they are , i am a right winger by western standards and uhmm ... 
  i never though i was evil , but well allright . 
  being right wing does n't mean you like beating up people and hating gays . 
  well , i mean , i have a feeling you mix being right-wing with being evil . 
  those two things are kind of , two different things . 
  well , can we say that this gets a bit out of hand ? 
  i mean i could understand that few attacks after brexit were separate cases , but this i am afraid is deeply troubling . 
  of course it is , but it seems that everything is racism now . 
   astern europeans as poor and trashy well franky there is a quite bit true in that . 
   i 've witnessed first hand how self-described `` anti-racists '' make jokes about polish teenage student girls being cleaners in school etc. 
  i mean , picking on us would n't be racist . 
  follow your dreams , never give up, 
  i would , depending on your fedora . 
  what color is it ? 
  does a bear shit in the woods ? 
  slovak , is n't it obvious ? 
  wait so if i happen to find myself with a siutation when i meet a devil at some point of my life i should just kick him in the face and that would fix everything ? 
  afaik there are stats from 2009 and 2012 currently . 
  top3 yay, 
  because we are guest in the uk and germany ? 
  only one is ungrateful for accepting them . 
  if you are a guest , act like one . 
  i knew it was our fault all along , i just did n't know how . 
  thanks for explanation !, 
  how is it corruption ? 
   polish woman born in crimea smart move , paying someone with polish citizenship to smuggle things since eu citizens are n't checked much . 
  let the butthurt begin  marie sk\u0142odowska curie ( / \u02c8kj\u028ari , kj\u028a\u02c8ri\u02d0 / ; [ 2 ] french : [ ky\u0281i ] ; polish : [ k\u02b2i\u02c8ri ] ; 7 november 1867 -- 4 july 1934 ) , born maria salomea sk\u0142odowska [ \u02c8marja sal\u0254\u02c8m\u025ba skw\u0254\u02c8d\u0254fska ] , was a polish and naturalized-french physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity . 
  offtopic . 
  was einstein german or american scientist ? 
  not die yet today, 
  those flares are retarded , seriously guys do n't try this hard . 
  sure , maybe . 
  i am not an expert in this area , i will not be able to argue more , maybe someone will be able to pick up this conversation further . 
  i would n't underestimate us much , we do n't really care about ships since possible attack on poland is expected to go from the land . 
  your country is more ships oriended due to its geopolitics . 
  idk if it is a legit source , the comparison of land forces is quite obvious in here . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=netherlands&amp;country2=poland&amp;submit=compare also we have those , the idea was to link those groups to actual military foe them to get at least basic training . 
  shots fired, 
  we will build the wall and make syrians pay for it . 
   well i prefer to have a commun eu policy regarding refugees rather than leave it to the increasingly authoritarian and populistic government . 
  common eu policy is what we have now , and it killed people both in france and belgum . 
   we have to deal with the migrants and refugees , we ca n't sweep them under the rug and expect everything to continue as before . 
  i recommend you to give us the sole authority to deal with syrian immigrants . 
  i can say right away , that we support australian solution in this matter . 
   founding member , check offtopic question . 
  how is it relevant , eu treaties do n't privilege founding members in any way , do they ? 
  i do n't think eastern poland can handle a lack of investments for long, 
   russia for example as everyone knows has had a major devaluation of ruble . 
  this of course means russian steel is cheaper . 
  guess what the eu decided ? 
  `` erect defences '' because private companies that are seeing the cost of production fall in dollar/euro terms are trying to sell it at the highest price they can get in dollars/euros . 
  russia got sanctioned for different reasons ... 
  not cool , bros , not cool . 
  i mean one attack is not a big thing people get trunk and beat each other all the time , but  18th attack since the brexit referendum it 's quite a lot . 
  well they are used for banter purposes mainly . 
  i recommend you to try changing your flag to polish and writting `` wilno nasze '' under lithuanian comment . 
  i read somewhere that we will contribute more to eu than get from it around 2022 . 
   did n't you get the memo . 
  i only got the meme , shit . 
  but soviet union was in europe and we even were n't part of the soviet union . 
  well , i am ok with your solution . 
  i just backed up the one that was the most probable to be included in the regulations . 
  it was a good joke , that 's all . 
  why is this chair called german, 
  was n't like those 90 days a substitute for this solution ? 
  you ca n't register to pay less taxes , you f.e. 
  need to live minimum 183 days a year in one country to do so . 
  i actually supported those 90 day limits . 
  french companies pay more for f.e. 
  infrastructure and it is normal they charge more in there . 
  now people will just register in poland to avoid paying .
