you ca n't be responsible for someone else 's unlawful actions . 
  should we ban knives , because murderers murder with them ? 
  also the concept of [ legal abortion ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55cdiz/discussion_my_eastern_european_issues_with/ ) solves this issue . 
  reeeeee, 
   pilsudsky invaded and occupied parts of ukraine in 1918 and 1919 . 
  ukraine did not have a territory in 1918 and 1919 . 
  we are irrelevant , it is a known fact, 
   voh-wuhnj yeah kind of . 
  it is the word - volhynia without - ia . 
   also they dislike signs of modern society , like feminism etc. 
  well , i dont are with that part . 
   feminism is a range of political movements , ideologies , and social movements that share a common goal : to define , establish , and achieve political , economic , personal , and social rights for women that are equal to those of men nationalist do n't really argue with rights for women . 
  pi\u0142sudski was a nationalist and easblished voting rights for women - when - in like 1918 or 1919 , when other countries made it in like 1960s . 
  gender equality is n't much of a nationalistic concern in poland . 
  yes there was anti abortion problem in poland , i thought it was obvious . 
  there is a nazi glorification problem in the ukraine . 
  like you can see in this yt video . 
  you should have, 
  i think he got upset after he lost a conversation about ukraine with me in this thread , so i wouldnt mind him, 
   not only ran polish death camps xd come my child , i need to you teach you few things about how to make a proper banter . 
  it means there was an abortion problem in poland , because there was one . 
  like there is ukrainian problem with upa . 
  every post you made is whataboutism about poland . 
  i am starting to think you have to like us very much . 
   cut the crap another one , like you were unable to make a nomal discussion . 
  if you want to spew some insults go to 4chan , this isnt a right place for you . 
   you have a far right ruling party , which tries to ban abortion , censors mass media , violates constitution and fights against brussels . 
  i just love how you only talk about my country even tho , this is a thread about ukraine . 
  tries to ban abortion - true censors mass media - lie , but have a [ golden star ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/332/169/3a7.jpg ) for trying violates constitution - very true fights against brussels - what , if you mean eu , i dont know if you are aware of the fact that we are a part of it and democracy is about fighting your position . 
  countries constantly fight in brussels . 
  indeed the thing about constitutional court is unaccceptable . 
   and that 's funny , because from this comment without context it 's unclear if i 'm talking abour poland or russia , and that says it all . 
  ok , whatever you say . 
  i hope at some point you will start talking about your own country and your problems , because it is the first step to fixing them . 
  ok so let 's start with beginning . 
  i bet you are a member of a country from ex-soviet block , just like poland is . 
  you are trying to push the discussion onto poland in order to shift the blame on us . 
  it is a known technique , called whataboutism . 
  i mean we used the same way of defending ourselves in poland once , it wo n't be so easy this time since i know how this discussion will go . 
  we used this argumentation too you know ? 
  explanation below . 
   ** whataboutism ** is a term describing a propaganda technique used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism but i 'll catch the bait this time . 
  just for you . 
   your country has a far right ruling party , while in ukraine far right groups are where they belong - shocking people on the streets and serving in the army under discipline and control . 
  we kind of do depending on how you describe pis . 
  i am not afraid to admit it , nor will i shift the blame onto ukraine for our problems . 
  i am not the biggest fan of our goverment , but our naionalism is n't based on glorification of nazi collaborants ( upa ) . 
  we got our ass kicked by both nazis and commies , we hate both and this is what we are afarid of - a rise of nazism in the east . 
  we know our history and we know what nazis lead to . 
   if you really cared about problem of fascism in europe you would write about your own country , where the problem is much more serious . 
  is it ? 
  you needed to use 70 + year old quotation insulting us to prove your point . 
  could you elaborate on it in more ... current manner ? 
   it 's really sad you did n't learn anything from history . 
  we did , this is why are upset by ukrainian movements . 
  first of all , i ca n't say anything about russian part in here . 
  if you need us to look any worse because other country did something mean to you it kind of shows your agruments concerning poland are n't too strong . 
   poland , another beacon of freedom and democracy with totally not far-right ruling party , is starting to do it i mean , is a bunch of insults an argument ? 
  how should i respond to that ? 
   while ukraine has the smallest amount of nationalists in the parliament , but fact-checking like that is dismissed automatically , i assume . 
  did i say something like this anywhere or you are just arguing with yourself here ? 
   a spectre is haunting europe - a spectre of trumpism . 
  again , is this an argument ? 
  i dont think so , if there might be one it can be because of this movie http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6068960/ entering polish cinemas a week ago . 
  well , depending on the factors it is possible to say that russian occupation was worse . 
  for example taking economical agrument into the consideration russia ( soviet union ) was always poorer than germany and still this did not change . 
  it is always way tougher to live in poorer conditions . 
  well upa also fought with russians , i am well aware of this fact , but what does it change ? 
  we ca n't blame germans for what their grandparents did , but we can judge how they feel about their history and germans do all they can not to be very proud of this period . 
  they do n't glorify their nazi past , contrary to ukrainians . 
  the attitude is what matters . 
  idk if this was an irony but i treat this answer seriously . 
  it 's like saying it is cool to make marches for nsdap if you glorify them for other reasons than killing jews . 
  i know a nazi argument is always a shitty one but upa is strongly linked to them so i used it . 
  indeed , but it doesnt mean they shouldnt be reported . 
  ukrainian nationalists stage torchlight march in kyiv as new far-right party is born . 
  kyiv -- thousands of nationalists have marched through kyiv in a torchlight procession to celebrate ukrainian fighters past and present on a day that saw a fearsome far-right military force formally enter the country 's political fray . 
  as dusk fell on the second annual day of defenders on october 14 , a holiday established following russia 's seizure of crimea and interference in eastern ukraine , marchers lit torches that illuminated the flags of the far-right azov and right sector parties and filled the sky above them with smoke . 
  the march coincided with traditional nationalist events marking the creation of the controversial world war ii-era ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) and to celebrate ukrainian cossacks . 
  the far-right activists chanted `` glory to the nation ! '', 
  and `` death to enemies ! '', 
  as they wound their way from the capital 's towering mother homeland statue to st. sofia square . 
  it was a show of force for the ultranationalist groups , in particular for azov , whose ranks have served as perhaps ukraine 's most formidable fighting force in the war against the separatists that has killed more than 9,600 people since april 2014 . http://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-nationalists-torchlight-march-azov-party/28053936.html, 
  ukrainian nationalists stage torchlight march in kyiv as new far-right party is born . 
  kyiv -- thousands of nationalists have marched through kyiv in a torchlight procession to celebrate ukrainian fighters past and present on a day that saw a fearsome far-right military force formally enter the country 's political fray . 
  as dusk fell on the second annual day of defenders on october 14 , a holiday established following russia 's seizure of crimea and interference in eastern ukraine , marchers lit torches that illuminated the flags of the far-right azov and right sector parties and filled the sky above them with smoke . 
  the march coincided with traditional nationalist events marking the creation of the controversial world war ii-era ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) and to celebrate ukrainian cossacks . 
  the far-right activists chanted `` glory to the nation ! '', 
  and `` death to enemies ! '', 
  as they wound their way from the capital 's towering mother homeland statue to st. sofia square . 
  it was a show of force for the ultranationalist groups , in particular for azov , whose ranks have served as perhaps ukraine 's most formidable fighting force in the war against the separatists that has killed more than 9,600 people since april 2014 . http://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-nationalists-torchlight-march-azov-party/28053936.html, 
  there is a new movie about wo\u0142yn if someone is interested . 
  i mean idk , maybe they have a better information than i do , i mean i wasnt really interested in the number of people there , so i wont argue . 
  pro abortion protst were in few cities , it was a country-wide protest , but i dont think there was a milion people there . 
  http://imgur.com/a/ysvmr from @zielonawarszawa twitter - there is more there, 
  hmm , i bet this was an honest mistake . 
  i mean is this the whole argument ? 
  that bielarusians and americans are savages ?
