only the all mighty , powerful recep tayyip erdogan can ban us from reddit, 
  we can clearly see that you never visited / r/turkey . . we also hate him there . . so have no worries, 
  brb . . calling the cops, 
  hey perv, 
  happy to hear that as a turkish guy who lacks a hairless chest, 
  what is more ridiculous that erdogan really loves hosting [ omar-al bashir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omar_al-bashir ) who has warrants for war crimes and crimes against humanity, 
  fuck all the terrorist taking innocent lives . 
  thanks !, 
  stay strong belgium . 
  our hearts with the ones that lost their lives & loved ones . 
  imagine all the people . . 
  2 died , 6-7 injured according to the the first reports . 
  pkk/ypg probably, 
  first reports say that 5 dead 10 injured . 
  yeah right . . sigh . . 
  you realise hitler was also democratically elected , right ? 
  so it is isis, 
  you should re-visit, 
  thank you !, 
  if our presidents gets to say something he will probably mumble about some kind of cocktail of terror organization is behind this . 
  50 % pkk + 30 % dhkp-c + 15 % isis + 5 % something i have never heard of before . 
  i 'm just saying these depending on what happened in the past . 
  lets take ankara for example . 
  immediate coverage ban after the attack . 
  lets take suruc for example . 
  immediate coverage ban . 
  and lets take attacks on the police in dolmabahce . 
  after a few minutes of the attack we read that dhkp-c were responsible . 
  and as / u/lolaruns stated below . 
  i never said turkey is bed with isis . 
  i 'm just giving my opinion depending on how our government reacted in the past . 
  yes . 
  they are not allowed to report attack anymore . 
  which makes me believe that isis is the behind of these attacks . 
  whenever an attack is made by isis , covering it on the news is banned . 
  if it was pkk or dhkp-c , we would be seeing it all over the news, 
  9 casualties comfirmed . 
  a turkish newspaper sozcu : `` at least 10 casualties '', 
  yeah i realized that and i was not being sarcastic  glad to see people like you around . 
  better living standarts ? 
  thanks !, 
  this guy does not . 
  but as a part of turkish people we want to be a part of the eu, 
  because they just dont care about what is really going on in the country . 
  elections are like a football match in turkey for the last 10 years or so . 
  no matter what they support their team . 
  paging u/rte or his minions, 
  do n't you also think that it 's stupid with bragging about wars happened more than 100 years ago ? 
  which has nothing do to with us ? 
  is there a war going on just accross your border ? 
  i 'm asking this because there is a fucking war going on just accross our borders . 
  which one did you take you part in ? 
  problem is i do n't look like syrian at all, 
  germany accepts syrians as immigrants but i doubt they will accept more turkish people . 
  my wife and i both are educated well and we both speak english fluently . 
  serious question as a married turkish guy : where could i go ? 
  fuck this shit . 
  thanks !, 
  so people are divided by their religion huh ? 
  yes there are . 
  sounds like erdogan, 
  and cant reach twitter or facebook . 
  i have made a comment in / r/worldnews and said that turkey is becoming a middle eastern country . . you should see the shit storm, 
  thanks, 
  i also think it 's isis . 
  pkk is mostly targeting soldiers and policemen, 
  sigh . . 
  i 'm really sick and tired of things happenning in this country . 
  thank you . 
  just a question . 
  why do you `` owe '' them ? 
  this, 
  this guy is such a retard . 
  how low can we go ? 
  another disgraceful day for erdogan hating turks . 
  i 'm posting this under / r/turkey geberdim amk, 
  dude pkk/tak attacks with cars or suicide bombers almost every 2-3 weeks and the first thing comes to your mind is dhkp-c ? 
  come on !, 
  you just sound like akp fans who is trying to blame pkk while it is obvious that attack was done by isis, 
  wow almost 4 years ago . 
  that really makes sense !, 
  when was the last time dhkp-c used a bombing car ? 
  this is obviously pkk/tak, 
  and unfortunately it will get worse :(, 
  is she/he ok ? 
  did you get in touch ? 
  savage, 
  he did n't say anything like that . 
  calm your tits, 
  well . . fuck, 
  sigh ... 
  i havent had any problems yet, 
  hey i moved to estonia :d just wanted to share, 
  i even didnt realize spain, 
  why not both !, 
  yes i 'm in tallinn . 
  thanks for the offer , 
  i moved to estonia . 
  life seems better , 
  that was one of my main motivations .
