  it 's not like we 'll be forced to eat chlorine chickens . 
  so you consider conservative christians to be potential terrorists as well ? 
  like i said : criticizing islam for its conservative views is fine ( and necessary in my opinion ) , but racism against muslims is n't . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with criticizing islam , but it 's completely unacceptable to view all muslims as potential terrorists . 
  sadly the far right has become so anti-muslim that progressives have started defending islam , because they do n't want to agree with the racists in the slightest bit . 
  bing is actually really good ( just as good as google ) , but nobody uses it as everyone already uses google ( and people stick to what they know ) . 
  anyhow , the problem is n't really that google has a monopoly , it probably is n't preferable , but it 's fine . 
  the problem is that they 're leveraging their monopoly to gain an advantage in other markets . 
  it 's impossible for other companies to compete with google , because google can just give their own websites/apps a top ranking ( or a prominent spot on the page ) on their search engine , while giving competitors a much lower ranking . 
  google is already doing this , and it 's bad . 
  skype , spotify , klarna , king , wonga , privalia , criteo , soundcloud , rovio , shazam , badoo , delivery hero , adyen , home24 , farfetch and funding circle are/were all european startups valued at $ 1 + billion . 
  bing and duckduckgo are both excellent alternatives for google . 
  they 're just as good , but as everyone uses google everyone uses google . 
  the eu does not want to ruin a fantastic problem , but they want to stop google leveraging its monopoly to drive out competitors from other markets . 
  if you search for maps on google , it will only show google maps and no other map services . 
  recently google has introduced a speedtest service which directly shows in your search results ( without having to click a link ) , a great way to force ookla ( speedtest.net ) out of that market . 
  google is using its monopoly in the search engine market to drive competitors out of other markets . 
  this might not be google-friendly but it is business friendly . 
   what 's even the point of that ? 
  remove the ceremonial king to appoint a ceremonial president ? 
  a ceremonial president can be held responsible for his actions , a ceremonial president can be fired . 
  we still need to have a head of state though . 
   changing the political climate to the one of switzerland would n't work in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not saying we should change our country to be like switzerland ( i 'd rather keep things the way they are , without the monarchy that is ) , i 'm merely showing that is possible to become a republic without a president . 
   am a republican but prefer our former queen and current king over the alternative of an elected president this is not the only alternative , there is also the option to get a ceremonial , indirectly elected ( by parliament ) , president . 
  just like germany . 
  there is no study which shows this , in fact all studies show the exact opposite . 
  this fallacy again . 
  becoming a republic does not mean we have to become a republic like france or the usa , we could also become a republic similar to germany ( a ceremonial president ) or switzerland ( no president ) . 
  how is that our problem ? 
  the longer your country delays the brexit , the longer the european economy will suffer . 
  your country decided to leave the eu , so we should n't suffer for it . 
  there might not be a legal obligation , but there is a political responsibility . 
  if the eu allows the uk gov to ignore the will of the people , it will be viewed as even more undemocratic than it currently is viewed as . 
  my government did not ignore the referendum , but i do have to admit that they are rather slow . 
  prime minister rutter recently said that he is trying to change the trade agreement and if that 's not possible he wo n't sign it at all . 
  the eu currently has more important matters to tend to , so it 's not weird that they 're so slow . 
  our government has n't signed the agreement so far , and thus so far they have n't ignored it either . 
  still sketchy though ... 
  most eu leaders have said so far that the uk ** must ** leave the eu , as this was the will of the people and the eu as a democratic institution will not ignore the will of the people . 
  triggering article 7 will seriously hurt us in the eu as it leaves us without any fta with the uk . 
  if the uk keeps the delaying the brexit and thus keeps hurting the european markets , at some point that cost will become worth it . 
   they are trying to push the uk out the plane before the uk has a parachute . 
  not happening . 
  the uk destroyed the engine of the plane and now is trying to steal the parachute of the eu . 
  the uk is trying to delay a brexit at the cost of the eu . 
  they 'll probably trigger it at some point . 
  i 'm just afraid that they 'll delay it so that they can negotiate ftas , while screwing the rest of the eu . 
  the uk needs to leave the eu as soon as possible , it is the only way to calm the markets . 
  thank god !, 
  the british economy is saved !, 
  project fear turned out to be just project fear . 
  so the uk needs to require companies to inform foreign workers ( especially those recruited outside the uk ) about their rights ? 
  i 'm still not seeing how this is the eu 's fault . 
  it 's just too easy to blame the uk 's issues on the eu . 
  so how is it the eu 's fault that the minimum wage in the uk is too low ? 
  the only reason that companies only advertise their vacancies is because they know that people there are willing to work hard for lower wages . 
  if the minimum wage in the uk is raised they 'll have to pay the same wage to all workers and eastern wo n't be able to undercut british workers anymore . 
  i do n't think his point is that pakistanis are worse than eastern europeans , i think his point is that nothing will change . 
  yup , high and tax deductible mortgages . 
  the map measures wealth , but the numbers above measure income . 
  brexit , the gift which keeps on giving . 
  i 'm sorry brits , but i just ca n't stop laughing right now . 
  boris , david and nigel ruined your country , and then they just quit . 
  they leave your country in shambles , and then they let someone else clean this entire mess . 
  that 's the ftse 100 ( which corporations which 90 % of their business outside the uk ) , look at the ftse 250 and 350 instead . 
  this has been said many times before by the eu ( even before the referendum ) : once you are out of the eu you 'll just have to wait at the end of the queue . 
  the uk should n't expect a preferential treatment if it leaves the eu . 
  the eu will act in it owns interests and once the uk is out of the eu that wo n't include the uk 's interests . 
  `` the eu is terrible and evil , but surely they will suddenly be nice when we leave it ! '', 
  exactly the opposite for me . 
  was thinking about voting groenlinks until jesse klaver said that he wanted to be in a coalition with the sp . 
  would have liked a purple cabinet more , but centre-right is fine in my opinion . 
  that 's fine , we were planning to annex it together with the rest of belgium anyway . 
  well i guess that we 're allowed to annex french flanders then . 
  let 's see how she feels about that . 
  and now they 've decided that coming up with a plan is too much work , so hard brexit . 
  what the hell is a `` fietsstraator '' ? 
  so why the hell do we have hereditary monarchy then if someone 's ancestry should not matter ? 
  that was exactly my point , their `` family '' did not give us freedom , they are barely related and if we should count his deeds why should n't we count the deeds of the other princes of orange ? 
  germany 's president is appointed , not elected . 
   they bring in 4 billion a year [ citation needed ], 
  oh sure , you are completely right they invest a lot of money , but they did not found those companies . 
  they pay no taxes , they would be incredibly stupid if they did not invest their money , it 's just pure profit . 
  william ii , william iii and juliana belonged in a mental hospital , i would not call them stable . 
   it is our tax money and we do as we please with it . 
  then why the hell am i paying for those twats ? 
  so it 's fine if 0.000001 % is allowed to appoint a king ( by giving birth to him ) , but it 's totally unfair if 51 % of the parliament is allowed to appoint a ( mostly ceremonial ) president ? 
   an elected president is n't cheap either plus they tend to become divisive figures . . no need to point to examples i guess  there is no need for an elected president , just look at germany or switzerland !, 
  stop spreading this myth . 
  the myth that monarchy is earning us money is propaganda . 
  the nos hiding ( among many other things ) that the royals bought a 500k wall around their holiday home with the taxpayer 's money is propaganda . 
  the `` koningsspelen '' are propaganda . 
  you do know that the current-day royals are barely related to william of orange at all , do n't you ? 
  they are not related by a direct line , and there are many people alive who are related by a more direct line than them . 
  and for all the freedom that william of orange gave us , there were many princes of orange who tried to take that all away , by trying to turn the netherlands in a monarchy . 
  johan de witt is turning in his grave at the moment . 
  yeah , because the law clearly provides a way to force a king/queen to abdicate ... / s, 
  he also knows that propaganda works great for keeping those popularity ratings up . 
  thanks for ruining the climate for us , royals !,
