i was merely using his words . 
  of course i do n't despise the monarch and his family , but i 'd rather see them go . 
  i fully understand that my fellow countrymen mostly like the king for emotional reasons . 
  i think that 's perfectly fine , but they should just be honest about it , instead of trying to rationalize the monarchy . 
  besides i think that americans are very emotional about their republic , so i think that there are much cheaper ways to be emotional, 
   monarchs of belgium due to their reluctance to speak dutch they only worsened the situation in belgium . 
  also congo ...  spain transitioning from dictator to parliamentarian wait what ? 
  franco overthrew the government because he was angry that the monarchy was replaced with a republic . 
  he started the spanish civil war because he had a strong allegiance with the monarchy . 
  he was best buddies with the monarchy . 
  the only reason that spain became a democracy afterwards is because the king knew that he would be removed from the throne again if spain stayed an absolute monarchy . 
   belgium in its year without a goverment . 
  without a federal government , the flemish and walloon government were still functioning fine . 
  the king had nothing to do with this . 
   you sound like an angry person , consider getting a hobby . 
  luckely most republicans i know are more reasonable guys . 
  you used the word ` despise ' . 
  i 'm merely copying that word . 
  i 'm not angry , but i 'd rather see them go . 
   i remember reading something similar yes , the cultural exange and positive publisity is fun though . 
  there are better ways to achieve cultural exchange and positive publicity than spending millions on the monarchy . 
   i agree , i had a good time on the 4th , but i kinda like parading a guy and his family around for non poltical reasons . 
  parade prince carnaval , it 's double the fun and much cheaper . 
  because having this [ nazi ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/6243427.jpg ) as a prince was so great . 
  and why should we vote for a president . 
  first of all there is no reason that a president should have powers similar the the power that obama and hollande have , we can give our president the same power as the king currently has . 
  secondly , why should we vote for a president ? 
  the president of germany is elected by the parliament , we can do the same . 
  finally , why do we need a president ? 
  switzerland is a republic without a president . 
  the good old days when they had more powers when they had now . 
  the good old days when they lynched johan van oldenbarnevelt one of the people that made our country great . 
  one of the good old days such as when william v gave most of our colonies ( such as south africa and ceylon ) to the english just so that he could flee from napoleon . 
  william the silent was the only person in that family who was n't fueled by greed . 
   a monarchy allows for stability germany , switzerland and austria are so unstable ... as we have a multi party system we do n't really have the large political swings that countries such as the usa have . 
   they dont have the politics factor of presidents not every president has to be like obama or hollande . 
  germany has a non-political president and the swiss do n't even have a president . 
  monarchists keep using this argument that a president would somehow be just as expensive or that a president would lack some of the benefits of a king , but that simply is bullshit . 
   despised in function but not in person by republicans you ca n't separate the king as a person from his function . 
  i despise him and a his family as a whole . 
   the international prestige only among other monarchies . 
  republics on the other hand see this a small negative . 
  there more republics in the world and we already have good relations with most monarchies as most monarchies are in europe . 
   we can send royal escorts with our trade envoys which has no effect according to research . 
  most businessmen do n't really care about royals , they just want a good deal . 
  royals might attract more businessmen to these trips , but sadly they only accompany high profile trips that do n't need this kind of attention . 
   overall they bring fun traditions . 
  10/10 would recomend the fourth of july is a pretty cool tradition in the united states and they have no monarchy . 
  there are enough other reasons to party and drink beer , any other holiday would suffice ( e.g. 
  26 july 1581 , the day we proclaimed independence from spain ) . 
   as for the its not fair argument . 
  in my opinion , the world issent fair . 
  most unfairness is hard to fix , this is very easy to fix . 
   well that can be discussed . 
  but their trade missions do bring business here i 've heard . 
  trade missions generate income , not the royals accompanying them . 
  i strongly believe that the monarchy should be abolished in the netherlands , but i 'm not interested in constantly arguing about the monarchy . 
  there are much more important things in life than arguing with monarchists , so i 've stopped caring about it . 
  it 's hard being a republican in the netherlands . 
  / r/thenetherlands has a lot of royal house circejerk and most republican comments are downvoted into oblivion . 
  why ? 
  most dutch students study in flanders and most belgian students that are studying in the netherlands are from flanders . 
  dutch degrees were already accredited in flanders and vice versa . 
  the accreditation organisation of the netherlands and flanders ( nvao ) already took care of this . 
  we will help flanders if they decide to join the netherlands , but otherwise they should n't expect a special status . 
  which is fine by me . 
  there 's no place for countries without press freedom in the eu . 
  either way this resolves the issue : either poland restores press freedom or they leave the eu on their own . 
  before you say anything : please realize that his family is just as shocked as we are , if not even more . 
  they just lost a son , a brother or a nephew . 
  let them grief his death , even though he is a terrorist . 
  edit : nuance is downvote apparently . 
  yes , they probably knew that their son/brother was up to no good , but they probably still did n't expect him to blow himself up in the middle of a french street . 
  they lost a family member and losing a family member always sucks , even if your family member is a terrible , terrible person . 
  i 'm not sure if supporting an oppressive regime should be preferred , but we should n't have supported the rebels by trying to arm them . 
  but economical sanctions against the assad-regime would have been fine ( but not very effective ) . 
  i still remember the reports that ` small islamic extremist groups ' might have gotten their hands on the weapon drops , those extremists turned out to be isis . 
  the secession of the usa from the uk is only an indirect cause of the instability in the middle-east , the causes that i 've listed are all direct causes of the current instability in the middle-east . 
  but the truth is that the west is very much involved in the rise of isis , just not directly . 
  we created the circumstances that allowed isis to thrive . 
  we 've been destabilizing the region since the fall of the ottoman empire , first the sykes-picot agreement ( which created an arbitrary border between what would become syria and iraq ) , then arming the taliban and al qaeda in the cold war ( to fight the russians ) and finally the numerous of wars in iraq . 
  the good old lie that royal family generates a lot of income for the country . 
  sadly everyone seems to be believe in it here in netherlands . 
   you ca n't just make new housing appear out of thin air . 
  except that we can . 
  we 're able to build whole neighborhoods in mere weeks . 
  this would also help our economy as it would help construction companies with the slow recovery from the financial crisis . 
  and once the war is over and most syrians return to syria we 're left with a lot of cheap ` sociale huurwoningen ' which we currently have a shortage of . 
  this would greatly benefit us , the dutch , and it would greatly benefit the refugees . 
  sure , perfectly safe : [ russia posts syria attack drone footage amid propaganda drive ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11942480/russia-posts-syria-attack-drone-footage-amid-propaganda-drive.html ) [ shells hit russian embassy grounds in damascus ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/shells-hit-russian-embassy-grounds-in-damascus-1444726793 ) [ syrian air raids pound rebel neighbourhoods around damascus ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/syrian-air-raids-pound-rebel-neighbourhoods-around-damascus-091811741.html ), 
  on the other hand i&o research polls the pvv at 20 seats and ipsos polls them at 29 seats . 
  historically ipsos had the best polls . 
  haha . 
  maurice de hond , his polls are known for being absolutely horrible . 
  other polls show the pvv much , much lower . 
  maurice de hond 's polls have a lot of bias as participants are able to decide themselves if they want to participate or not . 
  obviously anti-immegration folks are much more vocal currently and that 's why the pvv are polled much higher in de hond 's polls . 
  right now i 'm against it due to the isds . 
  if they remove that then i 'll support ttip . 
  ttip is n't perfect , but it can really boost our economy .
