  i think it is safe to say i have a fetish for world domination and destroying my enemies . 
  also , kill it before it blobs . 
  because his subscribers are 13 . 
  seven psychopaths , i think . 
  great movie . 
  they 're mexican . 
  exclusive tree ai \u2122, 
  `` sir , please read out loud the letters on the wall . 
  we ca n't evaluate your eyesight otherwise . '', 
  copernican books * were * banned , however , only after the galileo affair . 
  galileo wa that big of a jerk . 
  tom cruise does not count . 
  so what did you do with the toddler ? 
  only when sony and ms roll out the firmware upgrade to unlock the full potential of the hardware . 
  you have to remember , consoles are so powerful , that upon release the manufacturers had to lock down some of the hardware or they would be so fast they would be slow , because developers would n't code properly on it . 
  and when the developers learn to optimize for it all games will run glorious silky-smooth 30fps @ 4k , just like the manufactures promised . 
  she seems like a nice person . 
  elder scrolls , too , has a pretty broad lore . 
  once played a campaign with wildlings . 
  managed to get the north before aegon got them . 
  he then decided to subjugate me with his dragon , my king fought him and his dragon on the battlefield , but was killed unfortunately . 
  his son , however , took vengeance , killed aegon and his dragon and went on to win the war . 
  his vassals loved him , that dragonslayer trait is damn fine . 
  maclin , you son of a bitch ... 
  first they will beat it and shoot it . 
  nah , she just kissed him because he forced her , and she played with his penis a little . 
  this means black slaves are guilty for enslaving themselves . 
  and they almost got away with it ... 
  i am the only thing i can do it for the first time in the morning and i will be, 
  it 's as if it were a song . 
  are you stupid ? 
  he left the 0.2 live . 
  so now euron is the dusky woman , benjen , daario , and morqorro ? 
  stannis says something along the lines `` the younger bows down to the eldest brother . '', 
  as far as i remember , this is the only reason he fights for robert during his rebellion . 
  their definitions are heavily based in mathematics though , do n't forget :, 
  sexism = men + power, 
  racism = white + power, 
  oppression = feelz + realz, 
  we might need to invite a gender studies phd to tia to figure this one out . 
  here 's another . 
  try to synthesize the ai program , maybe it will quantify the online driver . 
  james webb space telescope ? 
  indexing the port wo n't do anything , we need to program the auxiliary usb bus !, 
  life ... uhh ... finds a way . 
  shhh . 
  you 'll jinx the whole mission . 
  so only 7 more years ? 
  i guess we can invent interstellar space travel while we wait for hl3 to come out . 
  would n't downvoting someone in the southern hemisphere actually be an upvote ? 
  he could have sent it much earlier , before their inc froze . 
  i do n't know how long it takes a crow to reach castle black from winterfell though . 
  i 'd say it 's somewhere around a week ? 
  is meat going to start falling from the sky then ? 
  the show made it out to be the only way , that a miracle will happen and save them . 
  but burning your daughter wo n't feed your army . 
  remember when his army wanted to start burning people so a miracle happens in the books ? 
  `` pray harder . '', 
  he forgot . 
  but he wo n't die as the most incompetent person in westeros . 
  which is what the show have continuously tried to portray . 
  maybe . 
  but do remember - they were 20 * good * men . 
  might as well have all 3 games on my account . 
  do n't buy magic beans, 
  i have gone to the depths of that ocean ... what i saw . . 
  it was a meme as old as the internet . 
  i will not be given up , and i will not be let down , or so the original switcheroo said . 
  yeah , it 's spelled joo ... s, 
  with all the smoke from those jews and what-not . 
  just to inform you , if you are thinking about cutting down the tree these came from , make sure you are not breaking any laws . 
  in my country at least , cutting down walnut trees is illegal . 
  the only beaver is his mom 's and i shag that thing every night, 
  oxi, 
  toddlers , and little children in general . 
  they 're just so small and fragile looking . 
  and are completely oblivious to their surroundings . 
  i fear that the child will not see me get in my way , and i wo n't have time to react and bash it 's skull with my knee or something . 
  so i always go to the other end of the sidewalk or cross the street on some occasions . 
  yes , jan itor . 
  reply with `` blows , just like your mother . '', 
  this one is also a bro . 
  so far on the web player and on my phone i have n't had such issues . 
  skipping songs in general , however , could work better . 
  safari on windows is where it 's at , m8 . 
  looks like mesut \u00d6zil 's younger brother . 
  hey !, 
  do n't drag the verge into this !, 
  district 9 was aight , i guess . 
  i wish he would play with it on . 
  he can say it 's a chin-protector . 
  imagine a short german running wide shooting crosses left and right with a santa beard in his red kit . 
  how else do you get your bananas to get all mushy and good ? 
  now , i 've seen hooha maggots , but treating your bananas with maggots is just silly . 
  if you look at the thumbnail of the post , it kind of looks like a picture from a station orbiting jupiter . 
  hey !, 
  it 's african-american-jack , you racist shitlord !, 
  just tell them you already signed someone else . 
  honest question , should the us go to war with australia , would that mean the uk and canada will be dragged into the war ? 
  from what i remember the queen is ultimately the supreme leader of both canada and australia , even though they are quite autonomous .
