missile-like object , exerting flames or smoke ? 
  did the thoght of a submarine shooting out a missile not occur to anyone ? 
  another one bites the dust . 
  my brother once broke some car 's side window because it was blocking the exit and the owner did n't find it necessary to park like a normal person after my brother sounded the horn for a few minutes . 
  he broke the window , put the car in neutral and moved it so that he could exit and go about his business . 
  he threw some cash in the car for repairs and left . 
  the lady takes it in the ass . 
  i 'm seriously , you guys . 
  always works . 
  so the onion news were right . 
  skullfucking is becoming a serious issue in today 's world . 
  bless you , sir !, 
  god bless you !, 
  he makes great movies . 
  ` jack and jill ' was a pure abomination that can only come out of a sick and demented mind . 
  al pacino made it watchable , but no where near good . 
  but that 's a lot knowing what ` jack and jill ' was ... 
  here 's my take on this . 
  the universe is chemistry and physics , and being such means that everything is already destined . 
  your choices are irrelevant , insignificant , everything has already been decided before it has even happened , and you are left with the illusion that you could have done something but chose not to . 
  well , you did n't , you chose to do what you did and you would have never chosen something else because for billions of years atoms and physics have been doing their thing and your choice was already made . 
  this . 
  i 've been made fun of and being judged so much because of that . 
  now i generally dislike most people . 
  i did get smart though , so most of the time i judge most people as idiots . 
  it 's only fair ... 
  it was her who was fucked , right ? 
  mr. gates , what is your opinion on google ? 
  i mean , how the company has matured through the years , what do you think about their projects ? 
  google glass , android , maps and so on ? 
  do you find them innovative ? 
  just want to say i am not very passionate christian , my belief in god is mostly symbolic , but the reason for that is that so far i 've had a lot of bad stuff happen to me throughout my life ( 20 years , not a lot , but meh ) . 
  one thing my mother told me once was that we all pay for what we do . 
  it made me question what kind of god would punish me when up to that point i was a good person , i did what my parents told me , did not lead a sinful life , yet i was punished with more family problems an 11 year old should experience and they have stuck around so far . 
  yet , i wish that was it , but no , i 've had even more bad things happen to me when i was a good person and i always asked myself and god what i was paying for . 
  as you suspect , i did not receive an answer . 
  for the past year i 've started to become somewhat an asshole , i do not care anymore . 
  my belief in god exists for because i hope there is an afterlife , where , finally , i can ask god my question - what am i paying for ? 
  damn , her ass is so fat that you can flash a laser from one cheek to the other , turn around and wait for the light to run around her because it got trapped in her ass ' gravity . 
  we call it tequila mongolian style around my part of the world . 
  tl ; dr was born with a disease less than 10 people in my country had , beat it to a pulp , got smarter than most of my peers and got admitted to the best university on the peninsula, 
  aaight zir , i juz needz to check inzide ya asshow, 
  a child , a woman . 
  mother and son ? 
  mother handling her son 's penis ? 
  reminds me of something ... 
  now compatible with android mountain dew . 
  not me , but my father . 
  he once told me that before he started having liver problems he rarely dreamt and we he did it was just things he did at work or something normal . 
  he also told me that he did not need to sleep as much to feel relaxed . 
  after his liver started having problems he told me that he then had dreams every night and that he needed much more sleep . 
  and i thought it was semen . 
  keep walking . 
  each morning i have to walk 4km to get to school - snow , rain , blizzards , winds , it 's walking for me . 
  i builds character , teaches you to keep going no matter how bad things get . 
  the collector value on the bulgarian coins can not be very high . 
  they are still in use today and quite common so i do n't think you 'll get anymore than the ~ 13 cents they are worth . 
  source : i am ... unfortunately , bulgarian . 
  not so much that i dislike being from the bulgarian nationality . 
  we do have quite an interesting history . 
  what i dislike is that i live in a country that manages to top everything negative in europe , is generally known as a nation of stealers , corrupt politicians and so on . 
  but it would be hard to understand unless you yourself live here . 
  it 's either coral or a fossilized turd . 
  `` i can easily just stab myself with this stake knife in the heart and see how long it would take me to die . '', 
  `` there are so many people around me that nobody would know if i pushed this child in front of the bus . '', 
  one summer when i was on vacation with friends we were walking to the beach . 
  i was not wearing a shirt and my back was bare . 
  now , since i had grown like 10cm in 6 months i had those stretch marks/scars ( ? ), 
  on my back . 
  the same morning while i was taking a shit i wanted to make up a story how i got the scars . 
  after 15 minutes i had thought of a story which was absolutely ridiculous , but believable if it were told the right way . 
  so back to walking towards the beach . 
  i 'm walking and there 's this big boobed chick behind me . 
  i hear her ask me ` how did you get the scars ? ' . 
  it was time to shine . 
  i started telling her about that one time a few years back when i went wolf hunting ( lol ) with my father and his friends . 
  we had decided to stay camp during the night and in the evening we hear a sound somewhere around us . 
  we all get up with our rifles and start searching around . 
  i 'm by myself checking some bushes . 
  i hear a sound behind me and bam !, 
  i get jumped on by a wolf . 
  he starts clawing my back and trying to bite it . 
  i manage to reach my knife , pull it out and after a few attempts to turn around i stab it in the neck . 
  while listening to this story she was like ` oh you poor thing ! ', 
  too bad her girlfriends knew me and called me out on my bullshit . 
  i was so close to sex that day ... 
  [ ass to ass !, 
  ] ( http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/18832000/ngbbs49cbb4db5016a.jpg ), 
  well they did make it illegal to cook jews , so there 's that . 
  gon na jack it in san diego . 
  it 's not a health issue , it 's a choice of lifestyle !, 
  god ... it 's 2013 , stop discriminating !, 
  so the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow is valued at about ... treefiddy ? 
  well , back before i joined reddit i used to surf 9gag ( do n't kill me !, 
  i was young and stupid ! ) . 
  i had heard a bunch of times of reddit , saw their button on cracked.com and decided to give it a try . 
  site loaded and i could n't bare how horrifying its design was . 
  so i did n't visit reddit for another few months . 
  i continued to surf 9gag at the time , yet the content was becoming kind of boring , loads of reposts and its content was aimed at a younger audience . 
  i decided to download an android reddit app and had quite a few laughs before going to bed for a few nights .
