  on phone so i can not check . 
  having a high educated populace will lead to outsourcing . 
  most german car companies have their factories in asia , aficr . 
  the strength of the economy is usually defined by production . 
  and you can see how china is fairing in that department . 
  tl ; dr : those countries have many unqualified immigrants to compensate . 
  male here . 
  i once had a conversation with a friend that if i were a girl and i had a twin sister i would fuck every guy possible and when people start calling me a slut i 'd say it was my twin-sister . 
  no that related to what you were saying but just wanted to share . 
  i think they actually did the exact opposite . 
  they 're american so it 's k. 
  sounds like to me you live in repressed society . 
  you need [ freedom . 
  ] ( http://www.njfoe.org/images/bald-eagle-attack.jpg ), 
  sigh ... * generic hawk sound *, 
  but not on mine . 
  from now until the end of my days : fuck florida . 
  ai n't goin ' there ever ... 
  take it easy there marcus . 
  deep silver bundle . 
  thank you for doing this . 
  yeah , fuck the bible and it being one of the oldest history records we have . 
  it 's full of shit . 
  burn all bibles !, 
  save the children !, 
  a kew kew kew ... a kew kew kew ... freedom, 
  or you know ... she 's dead so you can keep her mouth open , 
  that must one hell of a divorce . 
  optical image stabilization, 
  her vagina will smell awful . 
  `` say my name '', 
  `` you 're eisenberg '', 
  `` you 're god damned right i am ! '', 
  * when you 're spanking it in the rain . 
  * guitars *, 
  i guess steve finally got the death he wanted . 
  where is it !? 
  where 's what ? 
  what the rock ... is cookin . 
  rick flair can be alfred , all wise and shit . 
  so gloss . 
  can i add something ? 
  whenever rick talks to somebody , watch how most of the time he leans forward , and while he is talking he does not make eye-contact . 
  and the other thing , when talking to his son , watch how he bends over a bit , and rocks to the sides . 
  if you turn off the sound it looks like he 's making fun of his son . 
  happiness . 
  nuts in the ass , dick in the pussy . 
  that 's the only way , or at least that 's what that black man on the internet said . 
  can i ask a question on this topic too ? 
  lately i 've been trying to lucid dream , mainly because i am having troubles falling asleep . 
  what i do is i lay in my bed , on my back , with my limbs not touching any other part of my body or each other . 
  i concentrate on my heartbeat and breathing . 
  5-10-15 or even 20 minutes later i fall into paralysis , i feel my eyes going into rem , my body floating in way in my mattress , but my mind is still conscious . 
  i tried `` imagining leaving my body '' but to no avail . 
  this just goes on for a few minutes , i can not fully fall into lucid dreaming and i lose the connection . 
  so my question is : is there a way to improve this . 
  i do not really want to keep a dream journal , use setting alarms methods . 
  i just want to try and lucid dream when i 'm having issues falling asleep . 
  thanks in advance . 
  til : there are people who think mastodons and mammoths are the same thing . 
  thing is , fascism , nationalist-socialism , communism all sound better on paper in one way or the other , until you put in the human factor . 
  i was the kid , not the parent . 
  i think i found out sometime when i was 7 . 
  i remember seeing presents one christmas thinking `` yay santa ! '', 
  a year later my reaction was more like `` thanks , mom and dad . '', 
  i guess i just put the pieces together and figured that he does not exist . 
  also , i have to note that i grew up in a culture where the easter bunny and the tooth fairy are not popular , so i never believed in them to begin with , maybe that had something to do with why i stopped believing in santa . 
  hmm ... 
  it was ... wiener poop . 
  do n't forget the `` why would you buy a game that uses mods , that means it is unfinished ! '', 
  or something along those lines but with shitty grammar . 
  a wise man once told me , `` do n't wash your hands after you pee . 
  wash your dick when you get up , and you 're set for the day . '', 
  who let the dogs out ? 
  it could be any one/combination of thousands of words . 
  what color is this ? 
  it was like that for all communist/socialist states i believe . 
  back when my country was communist there were parliamentary elections , yet there was only one party to vote for , the communist one . 
  to make matters worse , you had to show up and vote , even though it was completely pointless . 
  from what i have heard from my parents you could get in quite a lot of trouble for if you did not vote . 
  but pc is so expensive !, 
  til volvo invented the repost karma train, 
  this might also be an idea , thanks !, 
  the problem in my case is that i would probably ship the components overseas , so i have to watch for sales mainly on amazon to save up on the delivery cost . 
  a quick question , is there any significant advantage to get vaccinated each year against flu to just getting sick and treating it ? 
  this would just be the regular flu . 
  i was always taught that it is actually better to get sick and treat it because that way the body creates immunity to the strain by itself . 
  no , she has baboonies . 
  22bby tatooine , never forget, 
  your wife has good child-bearing hips . 
  good luck , mate !, 
  fucking european union , man ... 
  we can let the germans have an actual military , but noooooo . 
  not since that thing happened last time . 
  as a person who has a stutter problem , is this the reason why i can sing without any speech problems , but stutter when trying to say the same thing in a regular manner ? 
  wow , james may looks like that professor from wacky races here, 
  if he is rhaegar 's son , his claim is still better than dany 's , since rhaegar was heir to the throne . 
  therefore , his lineage must be extinguished before it can pass onto dany . 
  i completely misread that and missed the blackfyre part , my bad . 
  as to the ( f ) aegon thing , if aegon is not really the son of rhaegar what other options are there .
