  warframe is pretty good . 
  also , can i only enter the shattered horizon giveaway , i too have 22 dota 2 's a a few trading card invs so i do n't really need anymore . 
  you can get his music for free on bandcamp, 
  would n't mind either of them . 
  i 'm in , thanks . 
  yeah , um ... like ... sources ? 
  or really just any explanation as to why they would do that . 
  it 's not like google is the only search engine , plus is not the only social network and so on . 
  `` god damnit , shark !, 
  i ai n't givin you no treefiddy ! '', 
  slide to unlock , 
  pixel uses an i5 or i7 iirc , but yeah , other chromebooks are arm based . 
  i could n't catch the match since i was at my prom , but checked the result a bit after the end of the match . 
  me and my friends went absolutely batshit insane when we heard bayern won . 
  i 'm now torrenting the match to watch it . 
  that 's why i am asking . 
  will the star become `` younger '' , so to speak ? 
  more or less , thank you . 
  i think that 's a golden eagle . 
  you do not fuck with golden eagles , cuz they will fuck your shit up . 
  them motherfuckers be on the top of every food chain cuz they know their shit . 
  motherfuckin ' apex predators is what i 'm sayin ' . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  this is great . 
  well you brits earn my respect . 
  you 're not like those french commandos that came to bulgaria and got the shit kicked out of them by our hillbillies . 
  i do n't understand why they want to forbid that . 
  porn has influenced our civilization more than most people tend to think . 
  i see this as a good thing . 
  why ca n't it be like a pc . 
  minors have to go through some sort of age confirmation to use the app/site ? 
  only when she 's cheating on her husband with them . 
  skank . 
  `` doctor ... doctor !, 
  you must take a picture of my colon . 
  i might die and this is might be my last chance to get karma ! '', 
  `` uncle ... these are my words !, 
  the world must know ! '', 
  i 'd like to imagine that 's how it played out . 
  nobody gives a fuck . 
  i was just about to say i 'm generally good at high school algebra and geometry but you just made me unemployed in the new post-apocalyptic world . 
  i shall now proceed and move to an island in the middle of nowhere and procreate with monkeys . 
  who knows . 
  we can use it for wounds if it 's strong enough , though . 
  then i shall come back 10 years after the apocalypse with my offspring of human-monkey hybrids to work the fields , drive the childern to school and offer cheap prostitution . 
  the new world will be wonderful . 
  you missed the point . 
  he meant that what they do is closer to a mental/psychological ( ? ), 
  disorder in the sense that he or sometimes she has sacrificed human aesthetics to achieve an extreme body form . 
  he has muscles , anorexic models barely have a body left . 
  now , you can argue that this is considered beautiful in some communities . 
  probably . 
  yet , the general opinion is that this looks repulsive . 
  we understand that he put a lot of time into it , but was it worth it ? 
  i personally do n't think so . 
  and please , do not use arnold to counter my argument . 
  bodybuilding nowadays has been taken to extremes . 
  i admire schwarzenegger 's ( sorry , i know he 's not the only one , but i guess he 's the most famous one ) body as it is both beautiful and very muscular . 
  i think that gomez is leaving because bayern is probably going to sign lewandowski and that would mean even less play time compared to his current low one . 
  it 's that pearl your son has been diving for . 
  i thought it was that wrinkled egg from earlier today . 
  put it all in africa and cut out the aids medicine supplies . 
  and this is how you populate a continent with wildlife . 
  ca n't remember the last time you gave someone the finger ? 
  let me help you , do you remember the last time hitting someone with your car ? 
  oh , hell i 'm late for this , but here goes . 
  i 'm a male , very slim , in the underweight range . 
  i 've had asthma and hypoglycemia so can say i 've been through some shit . 
  i eat more than the average male so it 's just a mix of genetics and diseases i 've had that make me thin . 
  i 'm also athletic , i ran faster and i can run longer than the average guy and i 've had asthma . 
  yet each time i go out i have strangers looking at me funny or talking something about how thin i am , but whenever i say that 's somebody 's a fat fuck who sits on his ass all day people go insane and start defending them . 
  fuck those motherfuckers , now i need to go punch something . 
  nope , but there are always people who give advice as if it were real stories . 
  not saying that these not being real is a bad thing , oh no . 
  some of the stories i 've read on / r/nosleep have been truly masterpieces that kept me up awake for nights . 
  edit : just to clear things up a bit . 
  i am not necessarily saying that all stories here are not real . 
  but many are n't , i 'd guess . 
  what makes me think this story is n't true are illogical things like that the narrator starts crying and i ca n't imagine a person just start crying because they heard something over the headset . 
  she is visibly shaken , traumatized by what has happened , yet she manages to notice that almost all activity has stopped , except for a few players who are still running around shooting , and yet , one players for some unknown reason stands out by still shooting and stabbing people which i would guess is not very different from what the others have been doing since `` the accident '' ( we do n't talk about that anymore , lol ) . 
  her boyfriend , will , if you will , in my eyes is a dickhead , judging from his portrayed character . 
  his girlfriend is clearly unnerved by the sounds , but he just keeps playing , not turning the headset off . 
  and we do n't even get any information whether he even speaks over the headset , thus making it obsolete . 
  what 's that you say ? 
  she has n't noticed such a small detail because she was traumatized ? 
  she managed to differentiate a player and say he stood out by doing the same thing a few other players were doing . 
  ok , forget about those things , slap me and carry on . 
  just explain how one person stood out by doing the same thing as a few other people . 
  something is afoot . 
  but given the things at hand in this picture , i ca n't complain , really . 
  no , your mom helped me . 
  much love . 
  i read the second part in an al pacino voice ... the same he uses in scent of a woman ... 
  clubs ca n't even handle me now . 
  do n't forget bulgaria for trying to overthrow their cabinet for the second time in under a year . 
  well , in a way , it does n't . 
  even if the current government resigns and we carry out elections again there is nobody , really , to vote for . 
  the new government will be just as corrupt and the mafia will , again , be leading the country . 
  this is the reason why so many young people go to university abroad or just go live in some other country when they graduate uni . 
  or kidneys ?
