  understood , putting on my ancient egyptian artifact , and assembling a deck . 
  i believe they also pick up on barking after being domesticated for a few generations . 
  that the catholic church oppressed science and it 's development . 
  sorry for being a dick , but those beliefs are also shared by the catholic church , apart from lgbt . 
  true crocs did n't survive for millions of years by being pussies . 
  a 10-year winter is nothing to them , for when summer comes again , the riverlands will be theirs . 
  strange , i have no problems with the site , while using adblocker . 
  i 'm not from the us , but hola changes it to us , and still , i have no problems . 
  how many beers does a case hold in the us ? 
  330ml or 500ml ones ? 
  either way , i guess it 's a good deal . 
  here in bulgaria , you can get a six-pack of 2l bottles for ... $ 8-9 . 
  and it 's not the cheapest one even . 
  if i ever have excess cash , i 'll pm you and send some beer over . 
  you americans have a good country going on . 
  i am a poor bulgarian . 
  send citizenship . 
  just ran it through google , and 12oz = ~ 330ml and 16oz = ~ 470ml . 
  how does american beer compare to foreign ones ? 
  is it as bad as we europeans tend to think ? 
  fortunately , it 's not as bad as in latvia . 
  plenty of potato , much happiness . 
  cheap beer , but corrupted government , very sad people . 
  stella is fine , kind of expensive over here , so i prefer staropramen when it comes to foreign beers over here . 
  it is a good thing you guys have small brands , and there being thousands of them . 
  over here , we have around 10 large brands , with 3-4 being the major . 
  other than that , there are n't really any small brands . 
  someone tried to stab him , and failed ? 
  looks like the lannisters did n't send their regards that time . 
  that would be interesting , but mr. bean would need to be 20 years younger . 
  fuck the kingdom , fuck the king ... and fuck jon snow . 
  `` you are typing too fast !, 
  like i taught you , you scrublords !, 
  one hand !, 
  one finger !, 
  now start the chapter from the beginning . '', 
  i 'd go bananas for an animated series , covering some earlier period in the asoiaf universe . 
  one that is well written , and not extremely dumbed down . 
  would that mean that hl2 is actually hl3 ? 
  ca n't they talk on the phone instead ? 
  as stupid as it sounds , i bet this is safer . 
  i am guessing that robb 's will went something like `` with the death of of my two younger brothers i legitimise and nominate jon stark , son of eddard stark , as my heir in the event that i do not father a son . '', 
  so if either bran or rickon show up , his will should become null . 
  i once built a ginormous rocket in stock that needed tons of orange tanks with the most powerful engines in the game . 
  i put the tanks in a x4 around my central part of the rocket in an asparagus build . 
  i expanded a bit , just trying to give the thing more dv . 
  launch , go back to assembly , add struts , you know , the usual . 
  finally , i launch , everything is going ok , drop the first batch of tanks + engines . 
  i marvel at my creation , take a look at it from the top ... and i realize , i have built a massive , space-capable swastika , one that will conquer the cosoms in its quest for interstellar purity . 
  went to mun and back . 
  the fear stems from all the stuff we see on tv . 
  i 'll quote my dad for this : `` there 's nothing like staying up late watching plane crash documentaries on natgeo , when you have a transatlantic flight the next day . '', 
  hahahhahaha, 
  clarkson : `` poweeeeeeeer ! '', 
  any ideas why i have you tagged as `` my nigga omar ? '', 
  rabble rabble rabble !!, 
  here 's one you can throw as a glaive . 
  thanks . 
  [ arm ye selves mateys !, 
  ] ( http://home.earthlink.net/~reetjournal1/medoramusicalfondue_pitchforks.jpg ), 
  nah , this will be the new safe . 
  maybe in another 6 months or so i 'll come back to disappoint you . 
  we 've seen stannis ask for advice when he needs it . 
  he will definitely do that , imho . 
  let 's hope the green magic works again , and ludogorets reaches like ... semi-finals in el cuz why the fuck not . 
  serious , and he is right unfortunately . 
  do n't be silly . 
  i 'd pay her . 
  oh , i 'm afraid the bus engine will be quite operational when your friends arrive . 
  but you know , shorter and with a giant dick . 
  they took er jerbs !, 
  i do n't know man , seems like your shirt hates your girlfriend more . 
  \u0434 is nothing like the th in `` the . '', 
  it 's more like the d in dick . 
  source : native cyrillic language . 
  i do n't know if it supposed to sound like neil `` blaze '' * the grass * tyson ... but it does ... 
  none or almost none serial killers have admitted to drinking water . 
  this is a hoax . 
  how can i then believe water is the leading cause of drowning ? 
  damn it gta man , all you had to do was follow the train !, 
  now that i 'm sober , sure , pm me . 
  if the past could be influenced or changed , i swear i will drop this series and not pick it up again . 
  i 'm more inclined to believe that jon 's dream was a green dream from his wolf 's perspective . 
  maybe jon will wander north of the wall after his death . 
  maybe that dream was the future . 
  i mean , if anyone can have any influence over the past , that would have to be cheapest way continue writing asoiaf . 
  so far there has been absolutely no evidence that the past could be changed . 
  and with good reason , if it were possible a myriad of paradoxes could arise . 
  to expand on jon 's dream . 
  jon dies , he 's warged into ghost , escapes , or is set free by some friend of his ( tormund , maybe ? 
  ) , he goes north of the wall - grrm 's words that twow will take us further north than ever are fulfilled . 
  we wo n't see much of the north from bran 's visions , or atleast i hope it is done some other way . 
  now this is fucking disgusting ... 
  but absolutely remarkable . 
  have a burger that shoots al qaeda members . 
  that 's all the advertiser needs . 
  i am on the dev team , actually . 
  instead of the `` play '' button , we decided to go with a `` pay '' button . 
  good luck with that . 
  first world white guy problems :,
