  a war between the two is completely unrealistic , i agree . 
  my question was purely theoretical , and such a situation will not happen any time soon . 
  does n't really matter how you feel . 
  at this point it is mostly a formality i guess , but , technically , she is the australian monarch . 
  you should not let off the gas either . 
  you maintain your speed , especially if there is another car coming from the opposite direction . 
  if the car behind you starts passing you by , and gets cold feet for some reason , and you 're breaking , you 're only adding to the dangerous situation . 
  the only reason you would slam the brakes when someone is overtaking you is when they 've passed the point of no return , and maintaining your speed would result in a crash with the vehicle coming from the opposite lane . 
  in every other situation it 's the car that 's passing you by that has to change its speed . 
  you mean you did n't like jaime prancing around in dorne , and that sweet sand snakes action ? 
  you did n't like the bad poosay ? 
  shocker . 
  and in 2014 germany won the world cup with a team that is arguably more not-white than spain 's ( dat boateng ) . 
  would be fun to see tumblr 's reaction to that . 
  imagine the coroner removing the balloon piece , and op letting out one last high-pitched `` eeeeeehhhh ... '', 
  how do you do , fellow firemen ? 
  sorry to disappoint you , but it was actually some japanese guy who controls the stream , and he does this because he likes spraying people 's ass with water . 
  you know japan is place where this could happen . 
  well the greeks tried doing the opposite with olympus . 
  wanted to make it something like 10-12ft higher to be the tallest mountain top on the balkans . 
  motherfuckin ' apex predator that fucker !, 
  it 's spelled `` bukkake , '' mate . 
  tell that to kanjiklub ? 
  probably no laws as specific as that , but will be thrown in under some law like `` traffic endangerment/obstruction . '', 
  anything on the kid 's menu . 
  or when anakin kills a bunch of children . 
  great movie for children !, 
  does he have to fuck my girlfriend first ? 
  then tell me to stop acting like a little bitch ? 
  the president of the fucking country is also black , if that helps . 
  who would want to watch a 24/7 broadcast of gang shootings ? 
  what is your profession ? 
  `` now that 's what i call ... 
  * compiling * . '', 
  unless they are chasing you for unpaid taxes . 
  only a monster would not pay them , and deserves to be caught by the long hand of justice . 
  vidal has been one of the top performing and most consistent players for bayern since the winter break . 
  how exactly is he not working out for them ? 
  get a second load ready so we can close this game . 
  i hope your second load is as dry as the first one , 
  buy beer pls . 
  i mean , it could work . 
  i partially disagree with you , beaten by three spanish teams , but outclassed by only 2 . 
  what atletico showed was a horrendous display of how to play football , further reinforced by the behaviour of their manager . 
  nothing said class from their side . 
  i realize every team wastes time , but that was too much for my liking . 
  but simeone striking his assistant , and before that a fight nearly breaking out is not something a manager should do on such a tournament . 
  that 's something i expect to see in the bulgarian lower leagues . 
  use smartflix , 3 $ / month but removes all regional restrictions . 
  works for me ( bulgaria ) , but they did say they will not start charging until all locations work . 
  this was right after the ban by netflix , and it did take a couple of weeks to get everything working again . 
  the cross from the right wing to lewa in the 5-1 dortmund match was pure sex . 
  he 's not dead ... in my heart ... the only place that matters . 
  wiki lists tommen as the bew owner , but if i had to guesscit 's in some armory or some chest in the king 's chambers . 
  not sure i understood the first question of the second paragraph , but to explain the whole thing - bayern are paying benfica all of the bonus clauses on top of the initial fee , not the player . 
  a clause stating that 5 mil will be transferred to benfica after 25 appearances in the portuguese national team was added by one of the parties . 
  though , i am not sure if those appearances are counted after he transfers to bayern or total number , probably the former . 
  in a way , yes , bayern are buying out the remainder of his contract . 
  there are sometimes terms that need to be paid for as you mention in your last sentence - a buyout clause in the player 's contract - where a club has to offer that clause for the other club to consider it , however , this is not the case afaik . 
  also , i am not entirely sure , but i think the buyout clause has to be in the initial fee , and not reached through potential clauses , however , it might be paid over a period of time in periodic payments , i think . 
  hope i got most of it right . 
  all my knowledge comes from fm . 
  [ op 's ex ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/02/03/20/30d95b6e00000578-3430596-nuts_willem_dafoe_recreated_marilyn_monroe_s_iconic_seven_year_i-m-2_1454530555447.jpg ), 
  `` mountainarys '', 
  i was actually wondering , what if br fucked hodor up , i mean , when it actually happened some 20 years prior to the present . 
  br had a vision of what would happen eventually , checked what 's going on with wylis , and connected the dots that wylis has to be fucked up somehow . 
  so br wargs into wylis and shows him his green dream of when meera was shouting to `` hold the door '' knowing it would destroy him mentally . 
  when he shows bran the vision when wylis turns into hodor it 's not bran warging into the boy , but of what happened when br warged into him all those years ago . 
  the line `` you must take my place '' ( might remember it wrong ) was supposed to mean that bran might have to destroy people , and the whole `` am i ready ? 
  no '' thing was correct . 
  bran was not ready when he was in the cave/leaving it , but he has to become eventually . 
  the reason i want to believe this is because adding the ability to have such an influence on the past often changes things completely , and leads to many paradoxes . 
  but hey , this whole time-travelling thing might be why twow is not out yet . 
  jon is a bastard , so he has about as much claim as any of robert 's bastards , even less as he would be rhaegar 's , and not the king 's . 
  still , there are no witnesses that we know of . 
  jon con is a possibility , given his friendship with rhaegar , however , we do n't really get hints at him witnessing such a thing in his chapters . 
  another possibility is arthur dayne , but decapitation by ned . 
  so , the remaining possibilities are - the septon , someone who witnessed it and has yet to surface , secret marriage ( but septon would still have to be there . ), 
  so , septon is the most likely if that happened , and here 's a possible theory , the high septon was the one who wed them . 
  some other witness - that would kind of be a cop out just to put legitimacy to jon 's claim . 
  then again , some person claiming to have seen it would also not mean much , after all , many houses sided with the lannisters when the war of the five kings started , and not stannis who had evidence ( as weak as it would be considered in a modern world . ), 
  the three kg guarding the tower does not mean much outside of us readers . 
  we have nothing in-text showing people wondering what they were doing there , apart from knowing they were staying on the orders of rhaegar . 
  all in all , for jon 's theoretical parentage to matter in the world of asoiaf , and outside of himself , there must come out a witness , and the only possible witness to give legitimacy to that claim would have to be the septon who wed them . 
  otherwise , all claims can be dismissed , and the dismissal would be as legitimate as declaring r+l = j for the people of asoiaf . 
  jon has lived all his life as a bastard , and has been regarded as such , so quite a credible figure has to come out to change that . 
  just curious , would it not be arhropodae or arthropodi , rather than arthropoda ? 
  i am guessing we 're either going by greek or latin plurals , and i have not really heard plurals ending in just - a. 
  you can not create titular highlordships afaik . 
  you can , however , get some land and use the console to give yourself one of the highlordships of the mountainclans . 
  they have no lands so it would not change much apart from potential rebellions on their part . 
  you 'll be highlord , a vassal of the liege lord of your previous liege lord , i think . 
  to become lord paramount you 'll need 3 duchies and then create a kingdom . 
  the king will then decide what title you retain - king or lord paramount . 
  this is how i would go about it . 
  get your starting area , and start declaring independence claims . 
  get 3 duchies from the mountainclans . 
  get some cash and prestige from the console to create your kingdom through the decisions . 
  once king swear fealty to the king . 
  you can not create a kingdom while you are somebody 's vassal .
