  i thought it might be it , but i had forgotten the name of the lord , and for some reason thought he would be somewhere in the reach, 
  hypoglycemia , asthma , knee problems , skin problems , my long nose . 
  i did n't really hit the genetics jackpot , but atleast i have strong bones , healthy teeth and a liver that can put a water treatment facility to shame . 
  so is information stuck in black holes , and we just do n't know what goes on since we can not trap any waves from black holes due to their immense mass , and therefore gravity ? 
  what if in the future people do n't use future memes , but merely reference to the existence of more memes from the farther future ? 
  would you referencing a meme from the future mean that we are living in the future in the present ? 
  nah , she 'll destroy everything the people around her have tried keeping together , because she 's a lunatic . 
  edit : and also a hormonal teenage girl . 
  that 's honestly her only redeeming quality . 
  every living hetero guy wants to stick it inside her . 
  i think jorah will kill her soon after or shortly before she lands on westeros and proclaims herself queen . 
  she 'll probably start burning people left and right for not supporting her even before she crossed the sea . 
  what if that was his answer ? 
  what if mcdonlorama is the ptwp ? 
  what if his answer is a metaphor ? 
  what if we , each and every one of us , is the prince that was promised ? 
  and sometimes fucked their sister . 
  for some reason , i really like vigilance and brightroar . 
  though , we 've never seen brightroar and probably never will , i still like the mystery behind it . 
  as for vigilance , i 'm a fan of house hightower , so that 's probably it . 
  [ kali - 4-4-2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bmo8jw193q ), 
  has to be this for bulgaria after 1994 . 
  i just remembered , you forgot lamentation , the sword of house royce , lost in the storming of the dragon pit , orphan maker , sword of house roxton , not sure if lost or returned to head of the house . 
  it was last seen during the dance of dragons , when the lord who wielded it cut hugh hammer from top to bottom , but was then killed in a battle with 10 of hugh 's men . 
  finally , truth , the sword of house rogare in lys , over the narrow sea . 
  i 'm having the same problem , can not transport anything via plane in my territory , allied or enemy . 
  have a division the builder says is able to be paradropped , with a weight of 38 , and 140 transport planes . 
  i do the order as instructed in the tooltip it gives , and same as your case it just sits there doing nothing . 
  i know i 'm 3 days late , but did you find a solution ? 
  pretty sure adidas makes both germany 's nt equipment , along with bayern 's . 
  the character plotlines make no fucking sense . 
  the only good plotline this episode was the hound 's . 
  jaime is still a colossal douchenozzle , and his character has not gone through any development for the past 6 seasons it seems , apart from the bad poossay ... dany 's short scene was somehow the most stupid , she walked in like she was told someone shat on the carpet . 
  the faceless men can just become the senseless men , and not because they can not feel , but because they make no fucking sense anymore . 
  tyrion was just there for comic relief . 
  all in all , this episode 's shitshow is only overshadowed by how little sense anything made . 
  i liked the riverlands plot , but jaime 's motivations are so far off from the books ... 
  it 's like his character has not developed at all apart from losing a hand , and this makes me sad as he is one of my favorites in the books . 
  thanks, 
  i think there 's something on my face . 
  `` the red lady ? 
  yees ... that is what they used to call me . 
  but i , i am the white lady . '', 
  well duh , de gea is in the premier league !, 
  hey there . 
  got my name wrong . 
  belgium has all three listed as official languages , i think . 
  sure , there are many places with minorities speaking different languages , but they are never the official language of the country . 
  yeah , at one point it 's like , oh i do n't know , watching a bullfighter pour a cup of coffee . 
  i do n't even know if i can fit one in my case , but i guess i 'll upgrade if the unimaginable happens . 
  3.5 hours on 16mbit, 
  damn mainland europeans !, 
  stealing englishmen 's football careers with their low transfer prices and lower wages . 
  literally , literally , does n't mean literally anymore . 
  like , literally !, 
  obviously not black . 
  being a high lord in the summer isles and fucking 4 of my sisters . 
  the first one was ` yeah i did it . ', 
  the second one was just to see if it could happen for shits and giggles . 
  then i was addicted to the sis-pussy . 
  btw , i did n't do the ugly one , just the okay and pretty ones . 
  yep , so many cores doing nothing that they will start doing some gpu stuff to keep busy . 
  i think , nowadays , they have kill switches if the processor gets too hot . 
  i mean , it makes sense . 
  most of the first team players are on holiday , as are the youth prospects like sanches and coman , so their preseason will be quite a bit shorter . 
  any big changes to the style and tactics now would hurt more than help . 
  top lad , always rated him . 
  3rd line reminds me of the elvish alphabet from the d&d 5e player 's handbook . 
  try to look it up , if it helps check out the draconic and dwarven alphabet as well . 
  i propose a revolutionary idea . 
  it could potentially forever change the design of smartphones . 
  have both ports on the phone , so now you can both charge your phone and listen to music . 
  sure you 're sacrificing tenths of a millimeter , but the cost of having the jack on the phone is pennies , and we can jack up the phone price by 10 dollars , giving us a return in the thousands of percents . 
  if anything , we can market the bulkier phone as one with a better battery . 
  consumers will have no idea what hit them . 
  suckers will just buy into this idea . 
  you 're right . 
  they will milk the customers they have who do not want to switch to any other manufacturer , but can they accurately predict whether this might push ` swing ' customers to samsung , lg , sony , etc devices who , hopefully , will offer a standard audio jack , and how many . 
  so they have , and samsung is now selling more phones in u.s. than apple , and removing the standard jack will not help apple 's case . 
  at this point consumers do n't give a shit if the phone is 1mm slimmer when it takes a battery hit , and will make consumers have to buy new hardware to listen to music on their phones . 
  all this will push customers away . 
  apple does n't care about customers compared to stakeholders ? 
  yeah , but they ca n't increase the value they create for stakeholders if they are only helping to push customers away . 
  snorting the marijuana is just too dangerous . 
  my mother died from marijuana overdose not long before getting pregnant with me . 
  best i saw was some video of a passenger airplane dumping fuel during an emergency landing . 
  article below the video said ` pilot forgot to turn off the chemtrail machine during landing ' . 
  a person i know actually believes this . 
  also that the rothschilds , rockefellers and some other family are reptilians and have these secret summits to discuss how to further enslave humanity and ruin our lives . 
  the only glimmer of hope in this darkness was putin and mother russia because they have no national debt . 
  also , china now controls the us , and obama is a pitiful imp put into his position to ruin the great country the us once was . 
  the economy was strong during the bush administration , but obama had to ruin it , because he is controlled by the rothschilds , rockefellers and those other guys . 
  i think i blocked his feed on facebook , but i 'll go check out his profile and have a laugh . 
  oh , he was once hitting on a friend of mine over fb chat while we were out for coffee , and a few friends and i told her to ask him about chemtrails . 
  he goes on this long rant about reptillians , rothschilds , the jews ( did this ) , and that our friend lives in a wolrd of darkness and lies , but not him . 
  seems like an aftermarket front bumper/spoiler , do n't know how it 's called . 
  anyway , i think that there is a cap covering the ring used to tow/pull the car . 
  i am currently a lore bard who just wants to become as great as the heroes he read so much about . 
  so by lvl 10 he will be lore bard 8/paladin 2 running around in med armor , a shield with an emblem on it from prestidigitation , a quarterstaff in shillelagh mode , polearm mastery for that sweet 3rd attack , because he will also have haste . 
  i mean , he can be a full caster and nothing more , by why not more .
