  stannis is still the rightful king , however . 
  come and get your gummy bears !, 
  but we are being active !, 
  we are saving humanity !, 
  quickly , post tumblr and 9gag pictures to facebook how $ 10bln will fix africa !, 
  booooo, 
  they 're like the fucking lannisters . 
  ned = daario confirmed . 
  the song of ice and fire - a wolf porking a dragon . 
  bring it down !, 
  bring it down !, 
  bring it dooown !, 
  alpha claw . 
  we should unite , and all ourselves the a team . 
  we 'd be so original . 
  do n't worry !, 
  the wieners are on their way . 
  and it is going to be awesome !, 
  i hope you mean the first one , i found the second one lacking in both story and gameplay . 
  i was so repetitive , even compared to the first one , which was also quite repetitive . 
  some breeds have their ears cropped ( i guess this is the word in english ) to reduce heat loss . 
  an example would be caucasian shepherd dogs . 
  if memory serves me correct , they have both their ears and tail cut off , in order to minimize heat loss during winters . 
  depends on the breed i guess . 
  the shepherd dogs i mentioned have a long and thick fur which covers up most of the hole . 
  i believe the dog on [ this ] ( http://www.caucazian.ro/gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.downloaditem&amp;g2_itemid=6811&amp;g2_serialnumber=1 ) picture has had its ears cropped . 
  they 'll throw coins at the walls . 
  let 's see how they hold up then !, 
  no godless man man dislike the damphair !, 
  start substituting normal crops with gmos and you 'll have a massive impact on the economy . 
  million-dollar companies developing hybrids will go out of business . 
  the same applies to environment fanatics who want the use of fossil fuels to be stopped . 
  this is something you can not do overnight , as it will again have deep impacts on economies world-wide . 
  eastern europe , high probability of it being done by gypsies . 
  south-eastern i 'd bet . 
  public execution . 
  * `` our knees do not bend easily . 
  okay , you 're determined to win . 
  we get it , you do n't have to rub in our faces on the first minute . 
  edit : why did i write tu instead of to ... 
  s5e01 mannis leaves for winterfell with his 20 000 show army , while leaving he flips off jon . 
  s5e02 pink letter, 
  s5e03-10 jon 's inner conflict whether to leave the wall . 
  s5e10 mannis is actually alive . 
  he succumbed to cannibalism , and is burning non-believers . 
  he has no idea how to beat the incoming enemy , but do n't worry , he 'll hear some advice from mel in the fires , because that is how they work now in the show . 
  so , basically , he shows up for ... 3-4 episodes for a few quick scenes ? 
  the human eye ca n't see 2160 pixels , idiot . 
  2160 is just a buzzword . 
  720 provides a much more cinematic experience . 
  the human eye ca n't see above 900p . 
  a man once caught a gold fish . 
  * release me , and i shall grant you one wish * , said the creature . 
  * i wish my urine was whiskey . 
  and so it was . 
  the man peed whiskey . 
  when he was with his friends , they 'd drink all they wanted , for free . 
  they just handed the man their glasses and he 'd refill them . 
  one evening , when they were drinking , his friends asked , * why do n't you pour your girlfriend some . 
  * do n't worry , * said the man , * she 's getting the whole bottle tonight . 
  [ iouzmait ], 
  i jerked off . 
  twice ... nearly took me an hour and a half to finish that shower . 
  but you can become the last , 
  a bus driver is driving a group of jewish people to tour former death camps in germany . 
  they visit a few , and they are on their way to the last one , however , their bus breaks down not far from it . 
  so the bus driver goes to the nearest village , and rings the doorbell at a house . 
  `` good day , sir . 
  i am driving a group of jewish people to the nearby camp , but our bus broke down . '', 
  `` i wish i could help you , but all i have is this little microwave oven . '', 
  my gpu : well , my laptop has a gt630m but it manages to fail rendering even battlefront ii . 
  my desktop uses an a-10 apu , does a mediocre job . 
  why i want it : i 'm a student , and saving up for a gpu will be hard . 
  and the last time i played anything in ~ 25 + fps was almost 8 years ago when i got a 8600gt as a present . 
  wow , the third one would be perfect for a gaming experience !, 
  can we get microsoft and sony working on it ? 
  ## consolemasterrace, 
  effiency is n't as important , otherwise soviet camps would be just as famous as nazi ones . 
  the nazis did model their camps after the soviet ones , afterall . 
  not on consoles you ca n't, 
  that tv is smaller than my dick . 
  you need a 52 '' otherwise you are a pc peasant . 
  and we all know only consoles are compatible with such tvs . 
  use console commands to impregnate her with the dragon . 
  just for shits and giggles . 
  i wonder what abomination will come to life . 
  keep spamming that `` pollinate '' until we get the prince that was promised . 
  oh look , a game i find only moderately interesting , based on let 's play videos , and which i will probably never play . 
  but it is 75 % off ... 
  that would have been the coolest police . 
  i 'll go against the general opinion in the thread , and offer this as a possibility . 
  when you see him again , when school starts again , i guess , sit him down , talk to him about it . 
  tell him you know about this , make him feel bad about it , make him know you feel betrayed , because that 's not what friends do . 
  and make sure he gets it that a ` lol , sry ' is not an apology . 
  things wo n't be the same , ever . 
  also , i know this is not excusable but he was drunk . 
  i mean , shit happens occasionally , maybe he would never have done that if he were sober . 
  again , this does not make him innocent . 
  he also may have avoided talking to you about it because he feels like shit , and hopes you did not know about the incident . 
  i would say the dog relationship is more rewarding .
