  so you need to become fully independent, 
  quite possible , i did not even know it existed , i rarely start from affc bookmark . 
  and kevin mckidd as jon connington . 
  it 's pathetic how he tries to mimic jeremy 's funny voice , when he is much more than that . 
  some of my favorite jeremy bits are the m5 review and the e-type/eagle speedster film . 
  you could see he was interested in the subject , had a valid opinion to give , and not just jeremy driving a fast car and telling jokes . 
  i actually liked some bits from this episode , particularly the last few lines of the mountain climb . 
  something like `` of course the americans reached the top eventually , but not without a little help . '', 
  i know it kind of sounded cheesy , but i rather liked it . 
  wish i could say the same for the rest of evans ' lines . 
  if i remember correctly from reading the event files , you will need him to get diligent and brave to get good chances for him . 
  i think the guardian also needed them to increase chances , but not entirely sure . 
  they 're like poetry . 
  it rhymes . 
  every sand snake rhymes with the one before her . 
  it 's gon na be great . 
  sphinxes , i think , are a symbol for something from slaver 's bay . 
  mayhaps the unsullied ? 
  does she have a manbun now , too ? 
  lord paramount of the trident and claw bryen the warrior brune , his seat at dyre den - a large crownlander keep . 
  his story starts during the great independence shortly after the start of the blackfyre rebellion . 
  all high lords received the right to be independent . 
  under the king daeron , second of his name . 
  through political maneuvering lord bryen received a claim on the whispers . 
  being good friends with the king meant he would not have problems with this minor bickering within the realm . 
  similarly , rook 's rest followed . 
  having control over the three counies he proclaimed himself high lord of crackclaw point . 
  soon after he went on an adventure where he found a valyrian sword - later reforged and named kingmaker . 
  on this journey he became friends with ser fashbinder who years after became a knight of the kingsguard . 
  northern crackclaw was under the control of the king 's son - the high lord of dragonstone - prince baelor targaryen . 
  the prince 's army slightly outnumbered the armies of the brunes but were no match for the seasoned commanders and well trained soldiers . 
  the highlordship was now united . 
  lord bryen 's castellan was given the newly conquered land , a genius some would say . 
  he came to the high lord 's court as a wandering lowborn , but soon rose among the nobility and became head ` of the lighhouse ' family . 
  later known simply as lighthouse . 
  the independent lordship of the bay and claws was the next target . 
  thr master of laws managed to lay a claim on the highlordship and lord brune went to war again where he earned his nickname ` the warrior ' after slaying one of the commanders in personal combat . 
  yet the darrys were permitted to remain as lords of their lands , the former high lord later becoming master of laws for the brunes , despite his strong dislike for the new liege . 
  several years later the good king daeron , second of his name , protector of the realm passed away . 
  a good friend of lord bryen was lost . 
  after many years serving as chief general training the troops it was time to go back to the ancestral seat of the brunes of dyre den and rule from there . 
  the great lord , the most powerful in the new small realm , which then spawned the highlordships of dragonstone , massey 's hook , the lands of crackclaw point , bay and claw and one of the march lordships in the reach , and a highlordship in the stormlands . 
  though many had larger castles they lacked the wits and planning of lord bryen . 
  his grandson was married to one of daemon blackfyres daughters , who was also a good friend of lord brune . 
  as such , the future great lineage of house brune was ensured . 
  his second grandson had been sent as a ward to the head of the religion of r'hllor in hopes of strengthening house brunes relationships beyond the narrow sea . 
  our good lord was now in his mid fifties , and a fresh widower at that . 
  he shortly after remarried a telyrian highborn lady in matrilinial marriage in hopes of forgetting his previous wife whom he dearly loved . 
  the new king , bealor targaryen , the misguided and ungrateful king , did not have the best relationships with the lord of crackclaw point . 
  though , not the worst either , they were on quite the neutral terms . 
  less than a year after lord brune left king 's landing to return to his castle had passed , but was summoned to serve as an advisor to the king . 
  not a year passed , when the misguided king demanded the brunes to renounce their titles . 
  what pushed the king to that decision is still not known . 
  mayhaps , the targaryen madness was at play ? 
  the brunes went to war , this time with their king whom they had so loyally served . 
  the king decided to split his armies into small pieces and attack as many of lord brunes lands as they could . 
  although highly outnumbered , accounts telling us by atleast seven thousand , lord brune set aside most of his army to hold their ground in rosby , neutral territory , under the command of his most capable defensive and organized commanders , while he himself led a force of around 2.5 k men to take care of the invaders who had come from the sea . 
  the bulk of the armies were in a controlled retreat from the main army of the king , numbering somewhere around ten thousand . 
  while dyre den was under siege the lords new wife had given birth to their second son . 
  after all the small forces were beaten lord bryen hurried to join his main force which had now retreated back to south crackclaw barren . 
  rooks rest had been sacked by the armies of the king , though the lord there had sent his family into hiding , so no important courtiers were captured . 
  the battle was now at hand . 
  the brave 8,500 versus the 11,000 . 
  one of lord brune 's commanders , his own firstborn grandson , one of the most capable commanders in the realm fought and won in personal combat against ser fashbinder . 
  heavy losses were taken the enemy was beaten , his forces routed , and given chase all the way until the lands around king ' a landing . 
  ser fashbinder was released mere days after his capture , such is the mercy of the great lord brune . 
  eventually , after beating the remaining armies of king baelor , he himself captured and taken prisoner , the war was over and peace could now be restored . 
  with a heavy heart , lord brune named himself regent and hand of the king while king baelor was safely under watch in dyre den to ensure no other lord would be in danger . 
  madness had had its day !, 
  with the peace restored , lord bryen now looked to expand the realm , so all could enjoy the peace . 
  within several years the high lordship of harrenhal was under the control of lord bryen . 
  harrenhal was given to a corbray who wielded lady forlorn , a good friend of the lord . 
  he had risen from a courtier , to a bodyguard and commander , to a baron , and now lord . 
  a generous man he is the lord brune . 
  within a decade after that the trident and wickenden had fallen . 
  lord brune was now in his 70s , yet wise as he always was . 
  he proclaimed himself lord paramount of the trident and claw , colonised oldstones and put his son in charge as commander ( some slight tinkering with the files ) . 
  the lord corbray was give control of the highlordship of the trident . 
  the second son of the the lord brune of the brownhollow was given the highlordship of wickenden for his loyalty and vigor in battle . 
  the king 's grandson , given the whispers , and his other grandson , a baron under the lord paramount himself . 
  the darrys , for they were loyal , even through a strained relationship , were once again high lords of their ancestral lands . 
  though , most peculiar - a butterwell of esgaroth , had somehow come into ownership of a dragon egg . 
  he was given the high lordship of harrenhal ( still no idea how he got the egg . ), 
  such is the wisdom and generosity of the lord paramount bryen brune , first of his name , royal regent , hand of the king , protector of the bay and claw . 
  signed : aemon blackfyre , son of daemon blackfyre of the most devout , maester to the lord paramount bryen the warrior brune . 
  ooc : aemon was given to me as a ward by daemon , and at 16 decided he wanted to become maester , i said ok . 
  some years pass and i see his name pop up , mind you he had become a formidable warrior by the time he was 16 . 
  he had become a full fledged maester , and he was also my friend , so i called him to my court and he accepted . 
  he became the new maester . 
  his father decided his calling was to become a landless courtier for the most devout , something i missed unfortunately . 
  so far , my most interesting playthrough . 
  some console commands were used to ensure the ai does not fuck itself and nothing ever happens . 
  lord brune is now 73 years old , baelor breakspear is still rotting in the dungeon , but the game crashed and i 'm calling it a night . 
  edit : spelling and some missing words , typing from phone so sorry if i 've missed any . 
  also , troops , not troupes ... we 're training warriors not actors for our wars ... 
  edit 2 : the corbray guy was a kingsguard prior to the independence event . 
  i invited him he said yes , any after the iron throne was restored i waited for daeron to restore the kingsguard . 
  it did n't happen . 
  i had to use event kingsguard .18 ( i think ) to fix it , so that they would reappear . 
  so yeah , i cheated i guess :d,
