  wow , grrm , so ungrateful . 
  why do n't you step up to this altar right over here . 
  kind of crazy , but xabi will have a longer career at bayern than g\u00f6tze did , while coming in his 30s to the club . 
  edit : with more playing time and more appraisal as well . 
  where i lived it turned into tcm after 10pm , running all through the night until like 7am . 
  it was strange for me when i was younger , why the cartoon channel suddenly started playing westerns from the 50s . 
  i still think that had we played 90 minutes we would have won . 
  but atletico 's tactics were to reduce actual play time to as little as possible after their goal . 
  mind you that funny can also mean strange , so it all depends on the person 's understanding of the word in a specific case . 
  well , i 'm live in bulgaria , so i have no idea what it was like in the us . 
  i think boomerang just kind of cut off at midnight or something when it appeared in my country . 
  i think it first appeared somewhere around 2004 ? 
  if memory servers me right . 
  why is the crossing where it is ? 
  why nit build 2 bridges north of the crossing going through the island . 
  the sea there is narrower than in the south , so it would be easier to build there than south . 
  far as i know newest bluetooth versions are on par with a standard set of headphones . 
  so now you can order bt headphones that cost many times more than entry level headphones , and enjoy having another thing to charge . 
  looking back at my comment , entry level is not the correct term , i meant the shitty $ 10 headphones you buy . 
  but as for the source , i think this was one of the big selling points of bt 5.0 , lossless audio . 
  quality is still , probably , gon na be lacking though . 
  i think the secondary e-ink display was a big one . 
  i 'm really sad it did not catch on among bigger brands , and that the yota never became widely-popular . 
  reddit , you got bamboozled again ... 
  personally , i 'm happy with the way he has been playing , though some of our fans have consistently criticized him throughout the season so far . 
  i do n't think he has been bad , sure he is n't fast , but the guy 's , what , 34 ? 
  his passing is still sublime though , and he even scored an in-box goal . 
  once his contract is over and not renewed , should he decide to retire from playing football , i would love to have him on bayern 's staff . 
  he is a very professional person , and he could definitely teach bayern 's next generation of midfielders a lot . 
  team seemed to turn up the gear shortly before the 3-1 at the corners , after 2 appeals for a penalty . 
  robben and thiago seemed to get really mad at the officials , and the whole team seemed to turn it up a notch . 
  happy with the display in the 2nd half . 
  we could and should have done better during the 1st one , though . 
  i had the flu last week , but a friend and i decided to drink warmed rakia . 
  what you do is get a jar of honey , put in 3-4 soup spoons in a container on the stove and heat until it melts completely . 
  stir it while this happens , then pour in half a kilo of rakia . 
  we went with plum . 
  put it in a thermos of what have you , and heal yourself . 
  taking a long hot shower to the point where i turn into a dolphin helps a bit . 
  so does eating a greasy meal . 
  usually turns the hangovers to just being really really tired . 
  always sad to see badstuber get a red . 
  i honestly would have preferred if we had bought and loaned him back to you for this season . 
  but i 'm sure he 'll get plenty of playtime next season , and building relationships with your future teammates will help him immensely . 
  `` nothing personel , arsene . '', 
  arsenal fans crying about the red is stupid . 
  they were happy the last match to justify their penalty with `` it 's the rules , '' and now they scream that the ref is on our side . 
  this call was the one that there 's no way to argue about the whole game . 
  was a red solely because lewa would be 1 on 1 with the keeper had he gone past kosc , and kosc came from behind him . 
  the manner of the tackle did not matter . 
  badstuber got his red on the same rule last season when he came back from injury . 
  if people will bitch about ref decisions , though , this is one that does not deserve it . 
  did not know about the change , went on from what i saw last season . 
  i need to take another look at the challenge , but if there was a way to give kosc a yellow i would have preferred it . 
  the game was intense and entertaining at least , even if the penalty would have decided the game 's outcome all the same . 
  all memes aside , this was in pep 's second or first season when bayern drew arsenal for the ucl . 
  hm , is n't vidal 's purpose in this line-up to offset alonso 's slower pace ? 
  indeed it is , but we did get through , so i do n't know if that warrants it . 
  we should tie him up with a contract until 2021 . 
  fuck it , 2142 it is . 
  i would n't be surprised if pep tried to court kimmich to go come with him over to city . 
  he did seem to value the kid a lot , especially after the dortmund game last season . 
  the fact i do n't give 2 shits if i die as soon as i walk out the door does not mean i do n't have responsibilities to take care of . 
  bernat is a great dribbler , it would be a huge shame if we lose a player of his caliber . 
  i really hope ancelotti decides to try him out at ribery 's position , considering we need a winger there . 
  even though he 's not currently great as a lm , with some more experience there i really think he can become great . 
  plus , he always puts in 110 % when he plays , and we really need these types of players when things are not going our way . 
  i 'm pretty happy with his performance . 
  still needs to work on his composure , but that comes with more playing time i guess . 
  he did some great dribbles and passes , but seemed nervous at times when he had to convert the ball into a final pass . 
  i really hope he gets more playing time in the remaining couple of games , and even more time next season , he has potential to be a world-beater . 
  not in-game as far as i know . 
  but you can tinker with the titles txt files and make certain titles military commands . 
  just check out the format moat cailin is written in and do the same for whatever title you want . 
  mate , skeletor is [ fucking ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/vsbattles/images/3/3d/transparent_skeletor.png/revision/latest?cb=20160331140132 ) [ jacked . 
  ] ( https://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/square_small/0/5768/520167-skeletor.jpg ), 
  i was quite asocial my freshman and sophomore years in college , i can not say why , probably because of a general dislike for people . 
  anyway , that changed my junior year when i joined one of the clubs we had in our university , and i can confidently say that was , so far , the best decision i 've made all my life . 
  some of the people closest to me and the ones i love most i met there . 
  i also met tons of other people , who i went out to bars and nightclubs with which was fun . 
  i do n't know what clubs you have in your university , but i would advise finding one with around 25 people , and one that organizes a lot of social events . 
  the number of people give you a large pool of people so you have better chances of finding people who you would like . 
  the social events thing means you 'll all be gathered in one place so you will spend more time with them outside of some weekly meeting where you all just go about your day when it ends . 
  also , other people will be there which will allow you to meet even more people . 
  hope this works for you , your post reminds me quite a lot of myself during my first two years of uni . 
  basically , going to classes and spending my free time playing video games or drinking alone in my room , which , in hindsight , was time that could have been spent better . 
  that 's what you thought , but secretly , uli was the one to report ronaldo 's tax evasion . 
  this whole thing was merely a ploy to get him at bayern . 
  this seriously made my week . 
  thanks , mate . 
  we got a total of 5 items . 
  2 pocket watches , 1 bayonet , 1 nazi ss knife and an old russian medal . 
  we are from bulgaria and that 's where we got them if it can help in any way . 
  this is the first item - the nazi ss [ knife ] ( http://imgur.com/a/57xbj ) . 
  it has a serial number engraved on the steel and the steel is rusted at places , mostly beneath the handle . 
  the edges appear to have never been sharpened . 
  we do not really question its authenticity . 
  it looks really old , the edge is very worn out . 
  my father believes that it is from the romanian army . 
  third item - a pocket [ watch ] ( http://imgur.com/a/aotji ) .
