  dayne knew dorne would not help him . 
  this is stunning . 
  not only that , he swore allegiance to robb without supporting any levies . 
  you could argue that it 's because crannogmen are not good regular battles , but then reed would not have been part of ned 's party . 
  i think reed is the key to most if not all the secrets in asoiaf . 
  manderly is friggin fat , i hope he ends up a good carry . 
  let 's just hope there 's some good support and wards . 
  yeah , but ... 
  i would n't mind , honestly . 
  okay , he can ride along , too . 
  the fatherland knows failure not . 
   mostly anything i 'm into , she jumps right on board too . 
  well , yeah ... you are related , after all . 
  not when it happens at 9pm . 
  i will probably get one in the next few days , though . 
  actually , in hinduism , marijuana is what the product of shiva 's flesh . 
  and according to some beliefs , it brought balance to the elixir of life . 
  join me then , in the loving arms of shiva . 
  forgive my ignorance , but why ? 
  i know uplay is a tremendous piece of shit , but they still publish good games . 
  seems reasonable . 
  i can not vouch for ac4 , i pirated it , can not pay for another ac game after ac3 , where i found the plot utterly disappointing , as well as the game being as unoptimized as it could possibly be . 
  i work for gurm , and i asked about this . 
  i will now demonstrate stormsinging :, 
  * balon dies, 
  bulgarian , the circle is now complete . 
  prepare for a new epoch of bad administration and corruption . 
  wait ... kevin mckidd might be just the person , i think , will portray jc best . 
  it 's also in consistency with hbo using actors from their other productions . 
  i am an expert , and i will be the judge of whether this video is fake or not . 
  please direct me to it . 
  after a long and thorough analysis , i have concluded that this is not fake . 
  it is clearly sansa and margaery having lesbian sex in the rain . 
  they can even make ray stevenson some important character from the golden company . 
  we 'd have lucius & titus combo back , and hell , if that happens i 'm on team ( f ) aegon . 
  all day . 
  every day . 
  i think sansa will try and play littlefinger , but i doubt he would not notice . 
  what he does i do not know , but so far , he has not come across as an incompetent idiot for this to be his downfall . 
  i washed my hands , everything is gone now , you just have to take my word for it . 
  he 'd make a perfect ironborn , but i do n't know why i 'm having an easier time picturing him as aeron . 
  it might be because i 'm still left whit some kind of image from his role in rome , where he was the funnier of the duo . 
  single , but i do not want any children . 
  they scare the living shit out of me . 
  i mean , they are small , fragile , annoying . 
  that , and that i may pass down asthma , hypoglycemia , general skinniness , bunch of other problems , including higher chances of cancer . 
  also bad skin . 
  plus , i 'm a second son , so it 's my brother 's patriarchal duty to continue the family . 
  i 'm on mobile , so i can not currently link , but i made a theory that ned saw his sister before the fight . 
  this means that a whole bunch of people could have gone up with him . 
  edit : apparently i lied . 
  if both books are released next spring , i will completely laugh my ass off . 
  if the death of one person means the safety of the realm , he can take it along with the consequences . 
  he also makes mel swear on her life it would work or he would torture her . 
  even if they did not believe in `` red raloo '' the north is not head over heels about the seven either . 
  especially , the clansmen . 
  it is cruel , but it also sends the message to have soldiers keep their shit together . 
  i would say this is better when you have an army on the verge of cannibalism . 
  he got a sword proving he is favored by a god . 
  received an army , which was defeated by tywin and the tyrells who stannis did not know about . 
  they also make a point out of that had mel been there she might have turned the tides . 
  the sword is also by a god of light , rather than fire . 
  he already did that with renly . 
  he could have probably demon killed him in the middle of the battle for his lords to see , but did n't . 
  he tries to spare as many people as he can . 
  he also gives in to her pleas after her being right about generally everything she predicted . 
  this is also after her leech ceremony . 
  at that point mel would appear to him as someone who has a grasp on things . 
  as for the threat , do you think he would back down , if things do not turn out as intended , even if he loses the support of every person in the realm . 
  beheading is just punishment . 
  burning turns your last moments into pain . 
  it serves as a warning to anyone who even considers cannibalism . 
  cannibalism would also break the army down faster than the fear of punishment . 
  so i would argue that beheading does not serve the same purpose . 
  just look at all the ways people have been killed throughout history . 
  the church did not worship the lord of light , yet they still occasionally burned people at the stakes . 
  the torture serves as a warning , that you will not only be punished , but you will die more miserable than you have ever imagined . 
  it was not just the marcher lords . 
  it was , at least part of tywin 's host , as well as at least a part of the tyrell host . 
  i think both came as a surprise , when the information he had was that the westermen were fighting in the riverlands , and the reachmen were in war with the throne just last week . 
  i doubt the marcher lords alone would have made the difference . 
  the woman who told him , that she should have come with him , gave birth to a shadow demon , to kill your brother , turned your sword into a sword emitting light , has visions that are at least partially true . 
  she might be onto something . 
  dayne holds dawn with both hands , not holding reins , so he did not use a horse , only ned could have dismounted , and not his companions , and after his conversation with lyanna then list all those places . 
  having the kg wait mounted for whenever ned shows up makes less sense . 
  if ned showed up , they knew they have lost the war . 
  it is their duty to protect , not have 3 people fight 7 kingdoms , so they have no reason to just start hacking at the people who already won . 
  arthur dayne does not strike me as the person who would go `` hey ned , your sister is dying , but you will die first . '', 
  the idea is that the kg let ned have his final goodbye with his sister , and after that was over they had their fight . 
  he wanted to take jon , break the news to robert , and then the kg chimed in . 
  `` you 'll need to wait for future books to find out more about the tower of joy and what happened there , i fear . 
  i might mention , though , that ned 's account , which you refer to , was in the context of a dream ... and a fever dream at that . 
  our dreams are not always literal . 
  also , did the kingsguards know what was in the tower ? 
  certainly . '', 
  so spake martin . 
  i guess it really is fun to stay at the ymca . 
  he would still have the better claim of the 2 . 
  if he were a blackfyre he 'd still come before her since he is from a legitimate offshoot of the targs . 
  the throne 's law is agnatic succession , so since he is male his claim precedes dany 's .
