  i easily burn in the sun when i am at the beach . 
  try having your striker making a hat-trick of disallowed goals when he needs one to make an actual hat-trick . 
  damn those referees . 
  may i give it a shot ? 
  personally , i hope r+l = j is wrong , because when i come on this sub , all the people have made up their minds that jon will become king . 
  there are probably twenty people who should be king before him . 
  the fact that his father was a targaryen does n't change anything . 
  people are not going to line up saying `` take this , you 're a targ ! '', 
  if r+l = j does end up being true , i hope it 's just something for jon and the readers . 
  i hope it 's something that wo n't have a great effect on the story . 
  that 's why i despise the theory , i fear that it would have that effect . 
  dude , i still remember taking hitler back in 4th grade . 
  all those restless nights studying ... but in the end i totally nailed hitler on my final . 
  this looks like awkward seal meme for some reason . 
  so give her $ 2m , and keep the remaining $ 398m to provide for the children . 
  fuck you , man , fuck you !, 
  i personally like the guy . 
  he is nowhere near as badass as the blackfish , but yeah , he won vs the mountain where he was not given any orders . 
  that 's pretty high in my books . 
  although , i am not sure how good of a commander gregor was . 
  you do n't see * pc inc. * spending cash on advertising . 
  just let us in , op . 
  and a `` together forever '' written in blood . 
  let 's hope they win . 
  the world needs to know of crazy forest . 
  edit : oh shit ... 
  seriously , fuck the referee . 
  the keeper deserved the red , but the ref did a shit job the whole game . 
  and he saves !, 
  ejdbwjdnwfbsjc msbcj, 
  gnqdk, 
  edit : yeeeeesssss, 
  edit 2 : the commentator is shitting himself on tv , as am i. 
  they should build a statue of him in our capital . 
  i know . 
  but every day , our politicians should see the statue in front of the parliament . 
  maybe our country might then get better . 
  we do not care at this point . 
  the spoils of war after they beat lazio . 
  tbh , levski had a bad group to play in to begin with . 
  for this season , probably . 
  i doubt ludo 's new stadium can be built by the time group stage starts . 
  hoping they get 3rd place . 
  i think it is in the realm of possibilities . 
  but they need to beat basel twice , which will not be easy . 
  i do n't know why everybody thinks russia and the us will just start nuking shit around them ... that 's not how it works , if it did , the nuclear holocaust would have already happened back in the cold war . 
  possibly , but should it come to war , i doubt that either side will honor it if shit hits the fan . 
  and honestly , it is better if the threat of nuclear holocaust sits as a shadow , as it does now . 
  it makes the possibility of war between superpowers minimal . 
  possible , but a bit too optimistic for my taste . 
  ironically , i do n't think any nuclear conflict would come about between nuclear states . 
  but if does , my belief is that shit will go bad . 
  as for the theory , it can work if the conflict is quickly resolved , but in a full-out war , i doubt any side would do that if they start losing , regardless of treaties signed . 
  is it possible that it is transferred hereditary , or is it something that just ... 
  sort of happens after we are born ? 
  then that is the fundamental difference in our opinions . 
  i doubt anything can change our minds on the matter . 
  still , it was a pleasant conversation on a topic i find quite interesting . 
  i think . 
  we all know photoshop is optimized for the ps4 . 
  they take advantage of the jaguar apu and the 8gb ddr5 !, 
  / s ( intentionally left out g ), 
  here it is with / u/im _ a_new_player 's correction . 
  [ ata ` kuijte ] should be the transcription, 
  see my next comment :d, 
  scotch . 
  american university in bulgaria . 
  everyone is drunk . 
  all the time . 
  damn it messi , stop dicking around . 
  thank you !, 
  the general mindset i see on this sub is that r+l = j , therefore the people of westeros will just pick up their swords to fight for jon . 
  i wanted to reply to the post above , my mistake , sorry !, 
  galileo was a dick to everyone , and managed to turn the pope from his biggest ally into an enemy , because of that . 
  also , they started banning books on the theory after the whole galileo debacle . 
  make of that what you will . 
  books in general , yeah . 
  books on explaining the world - most of their views were based on what they knew from greeks and romans . 
  the church did not , however , go on a killing spree in an attempt to stop scientific progress , on the contrary , it helped a great deal . 
  most of the conflicts with scientists were due to personal reasons , rather than scientific ones . 
  my thought was that ashara had a miscarriage , coupled with the news of arthur being dead , along with brandon , she finally snapped and killed herself . 
  you know nothing , jon snow . 
  it is more the way you said . 
  people have have suffered , books were burned . 
  but i firmly stand by my position that all in all the church helped western civilization a lot more than it hurt it , and it is sad that credit is not given where it is due . 
  1st sentence of the first chapter :, 
  `` no godless man may sit the seastone chair . '', 
  bobh then . 
  it was about that time i noticed orestes was an eight story tall crustacean from the paleolithic era . 
  imagine if a super-villain combined the two . . into ... the common ebola !, 
  it would be the end of us . 
  how can trucks be real if our cars are n't real, 
  last year my family and i went to my grandfather 's grave . 
  some weed was growing , nothing too serious . 
  the grave next to his looked like a fucking jungle , nobody had visited it for years . 
  we ended up clearing that grave , too , nobody deserves such a grave . 
  that grave became my biggest fear , though . 
  that i will live a normal life , with normal people , doing normal things , i will die and soon after nobody will even remember i existed . 
  i do n't fear death , i want to die eventually , but i am petrified that i will leave no mark , and i will be forgotten . 
  i play a lot of europa universalis and crusader kings .
