  well , * hollywoo stars and celebrities ... what do they know ? 
  do they know things ? 
  let 's find out !, 
  * was a great show in my opinion . 
  the team has trained together for like a week anyway , so i hope by mid fall the team will play much more fluidly . 
  still , that is the core of our defense and attack . 
  quite significant parts either way . 
  my point is , the selection for the season has not trained together for very long , so it was expected to have such problems . 
  after all , we have changed coach , as well as our playing system . 
  all in all , i am not concerned . 
  `` hello ... is it me you 're looking for ? '', 
  i 'm kind of annoyed of the same comments over and over how people are worried that this is how our whole season is going to look . 
  this is n't directed toward you , just jumping on your comment to leave my $ 0.02 . 
  we have 2 more weeks before the season really starts , the whole team ( whole selection for the season ) has been training together for a week , and people expect to perform the same as under pep . 
  from the starting xi last night , hummels , muller , lewa , and neuer ( i think ) only came out of holiday last week . 
  on the bench we have coman and kimmich as well . 
  before people give the same comment again , wait for the first game of the buli and then judge . 
  the next match for the cup will probably be kind of shaky as well , since it 's ancelotti 's last chance to experiment before moving to a more stable system that works better for our team to use during the season . 
  tl ; dr : give it another 2 weeks before going on with how worried you are . 
  i myself am more obsessed with their blond models . 
  praise the lord . 
  to people thinking it was something more serious and a responsibility of our medical staff : when you first see hummels falling during the game , you can see him in a duel with a hamburg sv player . 
  the player knocks hummels ' knee right under the knee cap . 
  now , that of itself should n't be something very serious . 
  but expecting a cb to continue playing at such a high level is a bit unrealistic , which is the reason why i think hummels decided to ask for a change . 
  best ever feeling i have had playing a game was running away from the church with the hearse and heading for the lifting bridge . 
  i was the only car that managed to make the jump , the cops either stalled as the bridge was lifting or fell in the water . 
  felt really good and memorable . 
  is it just me or did the team transition to a more narrow formation once sanches came on ? 
  what is the 3rd trait he has ? 
  is it from some submod ? 
  something something pl one horse race something . 
  to say we are playing poorly and uninspired would be an understatement . 
  at this i am hoping we lose to rostov 3-1 so it serves as a kick in the ass for ancelotti to wake up and realize his current system is not working , and that it needs serious changes . 
  edit : 2-2 anyway , i am liking how bernat and sanches are playing tonight , regardless of what the ft result ends up . 
  edit2 : i really do n't understand taking out sanches , i 'd have preferred muller for lahm , since sanches has show a far better performance compared to lahm tonight , and is probably less gassed than lahm at this stage of the game . 
  final edit : we got what we deserved . 
  it was a close game because we had no idea what to do on the field . 
  all our players looked disconnected from each other for the majority of the match . 
  bayern - atletico last season on the return leg - that was also a close match and atletico defended valiantly . 
  it is also a match we dominated completely apart from the aggregate scoreline . 
  i am not saying we should sack ancelotti , but his system showing little to no changes to address the team 's current weaknesses is concerning . 
  i do not believe the team will suddenly make the jump and have the system working somehow 2 or 3 months from now without any changes in between . 
  we have one of the deepest and best squads in the world and we seem to be struggling in every match apart from the supercup so far . 
  i am not mad about the loss against dormund , but when we tie with rostov at halftime and we go out with the absolutely same gameplan we end up with tonight 's scoreline . 
  i 'll have to partially disagree . 
  yes , vidal is very energetic and was arguably our most important player during the second part of last season . 
  however , our problems can not be boiled down to his absence . 
  tonight , bernat and sanches showed plenty of energy , and ancelotti decided to take out sanches for some reason . 
  the problems we are having this season are not due to injuries as compared to previous seasons . 
  the thing fans are frustrated about is the lack of any sort of change in ancelotti 's system to address weaknesses . 
  nobody expected the team to get used to the system immediately , nor for ancelotti to adapt immediately as well . 
  however , nothing has seemed to change for the past few months , and none of the players seem to be very comfortable in the system either . 
  boateng has been quite injury prone the last couple of seasons , and is having problems getting back to fitness , and it was announced this week he 'll need another 2 months off for shoulder surgery . 
  martinez is also getting knocks pretty much every game he plays . 
  so only hummels is left to be relied upon every game . 
  we even had a few games where we put alaba at cb this season . 
  i guess , this signing means that the board is no longer planning with badstuber , which is a pity because fans love him , and he is a brilliant player when fit , unfortunately that seems to be almost never . 
  but still , i think s\u00fcle will get plenty of playtime . 
  since rudy is coming on a free transfer i 'd hardly say it 's poaching talent . 
  his club should have extended earlier , since if he is left with one year left on his contract , he is probably set on leaving the club anyway . 
  on another note , lahm is likely to retire at the end of this season , so i think bayern just trying to find a replacement , though fans do seem to be against the transfer . 
  i 'll withhold my own judgement , since reschke has done a phenomenal job so far and i 'll trust him . 
  could have held his shirt , or if he tackled from the front , and it would have been a yellow . 
  but this is a red because he went in from behind , studs up and was obviously a very dangerous tackle , could have easily injured lahm , too . 
  well i chuckled . 
  nobody has any real issues with the players , it 's just the club reputation . 
  i personally think that the club is properly run , and is using the money well . 
  only problem is the ownership of the club . 
  as he should . 
  it 's a miracle lahm did n't get injured , and forsberg was not even aiming for the ball with the tackle . 
  majority is owned by a corporation . 
  the whole purpose of the club is to advertise an energy drink . 
  really ? 
  it 's been posted in every thread even remotely about them so far . 
  in short , here 's the reason . 
  red bull used some shady loopholes around a rule in germany saying that a majority share of the club has to be owned by fans . 
  red bull found some loophole and bought a club , but the problem is the dfb can not take action because the rule is against eu laws , and if a lawsuit happens the 50 +1 rule will be thrown out the window . 
  why people want the rule , allows for cheaper tickets for one , also prevents companies or rich persons to just buy a club and start pumping money until they are successful . 
  wolfsburg and leverkusen exist despite the rule because they were established before the rule was created , but even then there are people taking offense with their existence . 
  red bull does tons of stuff for whatever reasons , which i do n't know . 
  f1 , that stratosphere thing , teams in various leagues and so on . 
  i honestly do n't know why , but i highly doubt they are doing it to enter new industries . 
  thinking about it now , the blind guy might say he sees ragnar because when he starts conversing with him , he says he has heard he was 8 feet tall , ate babies , killed people by the thousands and so on . 
  basically , he has heard ragnar was a god . 
  then we get that he is blind , but he sees ragnar , who is a tired old man chained up and in a cage . 
  i guess , as i understand it now , that line meant the cart driver understands ragnar was not evil or good , but just a man , same as everyone else as well as himself . 
  the other reason , why the guy was blind , i think , is to make it easier to have him transition to the seer . 
  another blind man who sees the truth . 
  all we need to do now is steal a lock of hair from messi to put him on the other wing . 
  imagine a world , where football clubs ' most prized possession is their players ' dna . 
  man , if i got to tap miranda 's ass effect and hit on a psychotic nympho in the basement of my ship , all the while hitting the bar up with my homies thane and garrus , i 'd be fine when starchild decided to kill me . 
  when i am drunk at the club i sometimes go to the cute bartender chick and ask her for a shot of water . 
  i drink it quickly and start making faces like don draper when he drank that glass of milk once . 
  i think the problem is that by now i am so used to getting all fluids from alcohol and water the morning after when my soul feel like a sponge . 
  to be frank , they could rest from the leipzig game up to 2nd or 3rd january , i think , judging from the photos uploaded on social media . 
  10 days is quite a bit for a professional footballer , i guess . 
  was hoping for mecha-streisand , but oh well . 
  if he ca n't finish it before he dies , can he atleast try doing that after he dies ? 
  i mean , he 'll have a lot more free time , and he kind of owes it to the fans at this point .
