  jc seems to be sure he is , as well as everyone else in their party . 
  is it possible he was deceived by varys , and jon ran off with some blackfyre targ ? 
  varys , mother of ( f ) aegon ? 
  there 's a first . 
  what is your current stance on nuclear energy ? 
  i think craster 's sons are more like the white walkers we 've seen before this episode . 
  like the one that came to take the boy , rather than the nk himself and his arctic entourage . 
  human decapitation by terrorists on bulgarian tv back in socialism . 
  might have aired in other eastern block countries , too , dunno . 
  r+l = j is not a game changer in any way ( edit : concerning the war for the throne ) . 
  the only person who knows who his mother is is howland reed . 
  the entire realm is supposed to believe the word of 1 person who does not do much other than stay at his castle ? 
  ( disregard the theory that he is the high septon ), 
  jon also does not have the targ look at all . 
  in other words , he has the weakest claim to the throne of every possible character in the book . 
  edit : added this opinion applies only to the war for the iron throne . 
  because the faith draws many parallels to the catholic church , in the sense that it is an institution which will do its best to preserve itself . 
  howland may have fooled everybody into thinking he is a septon , and may even acknowledge jon 's claim to the throne . 
  but that would happen if howland reed comes out , and admits that jon is indeed the son of rhaegar . 
  for both things to happen successfully , reed must be able to have 2 different appearances , because if people find out he is reed and the high septon he will be taken down from that position , and his claim that jon is the heir would not mean anything . 
  this would also mean that aegon is ( f ) aegon , or that he dies soon . 
  but the same holds , people are supposed to take the word of 1 person , in this case , one that can not be both the high septon and lord of the neck at the same time , unless he has skills similar to the faceless men 's , or glamour magic available like mel . 
  while it is possible , i think it is not going to happen . 
  if it does , shame on me , you were right all along . 
  i , too , think that jon will not decide to try and take the throne . 
  but his claim is still weaker than ( f ) aegon 's . 
  and while all the people you listed might follow him , it will not be for his legal claim on the throne . 
  here is why . 
  if they valued who sat the throne so much they would have followed stannis . 
  stannis is the very embodiment of justice in the series , and he is universally known for that . 
  and yet , almost nobody called their banners in his support when he proclaimed that cersei 's kids have no right to the throne . 
  if they follow jon it will not be for his right to the throne as much as following him , believing he can be the best king out of all the other possibilities . 
  as for stannis and his reaction . 
  i think he will dismiss his claim and oppose him . 
  the way i understand it is that he does not care who sits the throne as long as it is the legal one . 
  and in this case it would be him , the targaryen 's had their chance , and they blew it , he followed his brother and they usurped the throne for the betterment of the realm . 
  if the throne had to pass back to the targs after bobby b 's death , he would have sought out dany . 
  for those reasons , it is . 
  but it is not a game changer in the sense that it would not change much in the fight for the throne . 
  and i doubt people will proclaim him as the rightful targaryen heir to the throne , simply because he is the product of some prophecy . 
  they might want to make him king * because * he is azor ahai/prince that was promised , but that could happen regardless of anyone even coming close to hearing r+l = j. 
  then you are correct . 
  it will be important of course , but i just doubt it will have much of a effect on the war for the iron throne . 
  honestly , i have missed most theories jon is aa/ptwp , and boiled r+l = j down to the claim to the throne jon would theoretically have . 
  but he loses mostly jousts . 
  he himself says that it would be better if he could take part in a melee , and from what we 've seen in the books , he wins fights where no horses are involved . 
  i myself would say ... 85-90 for him ? 
  or somewhere in that range . 
  personally , i can not put him on par with arthur dayne , not after all the things about him in the white book and jaime 's quote he could wipe the floor with the king 's guard with one hand while taking a piss . 
  i would rank jaime two hands in 2nd place , though . 
  valyrian steel weapons were signs of great prestige , not weapons of mass murder . 
  that 's the reason tywin made it such a big deal that they now had 2 val . 
  steel weapons . 
  indeed , selmy is a great fighter , surely , but i still think jaime two hands can beat him . 
  something from all of the books stating how jaime could beat pretty much every living person has me convinced . 
  jaime 's pride and boasting also adds to that . 
  to top it all off , he killed so many people at the whispering wood . 
  honestly , i would put prime selmy a bit above loras . 
  i am still not convinced a valyrian steel sword would make him so much better . 
  qhorin could have , probably , wiped the floor with him if he had to , which begs the question whether mance was better than qhorin . 
  i think the direwolf adds much more to his ability than the sword . 
  and jaime was not around at the time . 
  nonetheless , this argument can not really be settled as we would never have a jaime two hands vs barry prime ( get hype ) . 
  this is , however , what i think will happen later on in the series . 
  jaime will eventually have to confront barristan if dany ever gets to westeros , and jaime would decide to keep his oath and protect tommen . 
  barristan will , however , beat him , yet see that he has changed , and even when faced with death he has decided to keep his oath . 
  i think then jaime would die , and barristan would add something respectful in the white book on jaime 's page . 
  from what we 've seen in the books , stannis will not bring himself to kinslaying . 
  i 'm going to say it was somehow different , as arbitrary as it sounds . 
  the reason being , renly proclaimed himself the rightful king when he was supposed to support stannis , not only as someone of his kin , but as his older brother , and true heir to the throne . 
  the mannis himself said - all usurpers are his enemies , thus the reason why renly had to be disposed of in his view . 
  that being said , i highly doubt stannis would have hurt edric , unless he voiced his desires for robert 's throne ( if he had any to start with . ), 
  he wants to give edric to melisandre after he hears that joffrey died , and robb also died after that thing with the leeches . 
  edric was also never a prisoner of stannis , and it was never the initial plan to kill him . 
  stannis also wants to call him in after the result of that leech thing , from his viewpoint mel might be right about the dragon thing , and he still threatens her that if anything goes wrong she will die . 
  would he have killed edric eventually ? 
  yeah , i guess i had forgotten about it , but it was never his initial plan to do so , the same as it was with renly , but stannis did not really have any choice . 
  he had little army left , they were smashed at the blackwater , and suddenly mel does something , and for one reason or another , 2 of the usurpers die after he says their names and throws some leeches into the fire . 
  the stonedragon prophecy , could actually be true , and he needed those dragons badly . 
  i think i 'm late to the party , but here goes :, 
  d = e is impossible : if euron sneaked out so often to essos i think we would have heard news from some pov that the ironborn are unhappy for some reason . 
  euron also can not really just leave , the people who he 's king of now need him , and he can not appoint someone to keep them happy while he is sticking it in dany , the other person who could keep the iron lords under control is victarion and we know where he is . 
  i mean , the theory could be justified chronologically , but each time euron went back to his people he should be expecting a coup . 
  it is absolutely , possible , that 's why i will not take a strong stance on his reputation at the time . 
  still , i really doubt any of the king 's guards would have denied him the right to say goodbye to his sister , * even * if they believed they might kill him in a few minutes . 
  i do n't know , really ... 
  let 's assume that for some time arthur was the only person taking care of lyanna , so he had some vague idea of what she wanted for her child . 
  after ned appears he knows what has happened at the trident . 
  i doubt that he had any hopes at that point of running away with r+l = , the only person who would help him were his family , the rest of dorne would have turned on him instantly if they found out he was guarding the child of rhaegar , that was not of elia . 
  so i do not think the fight broke out for this reason . 
  it could have been part of some other , bigger reason , but solely for this , i would not bet my money on it . 
  hmm ... you do have a point . 
  maybe rhaegar and lyanna were afraid aerys would send assassins ? 
  dorne might reataliate ? 
  it is indeed a plothole at this point , and i hope grrm fills it in twow , preferably before hl3 comes out , which is never . 
  j = l+a would be greatest plot twist of all time . 
  it would be a thousand times better than r+l = j. 
  hat 's off to you sir , never even thought of something like this . 
  this is a lot more plausible than what i had in mind : jon has a fraternal twin , who was born before him , who has the targaryen look , and so jon is encouraged to serve , so as to not prove a liability to his brother 's right . 
  i have to elaborate , i meant this from arthur 's pov .
