  respond pls, 
  blaze it , faggot . 
  you ai n't gon ' tell me whatta do . 
  dat ass sweat stain < 3, 
  why is there a midget wrestling ?!, 
  and why is he winning ? 
  golden eagle . 
  them motherfuckers be like on the top of the food chain , you know what i 'm sayin ' . 
  they be snatching babies , fucking shit up , once saw a motherfucker fuckin ' with a grizzly . 
  motherfuckin pussy grizzly ran away . 
  motherfuckon apex predator , you know what i 'm sayin ' . 
  with its super powers i 'd be like fucking motherfuckers up in gotham and whatnot . 
  imma swoop in and steal yo bitch an ' then take her to my motherfucking nest or some shit . 
  then i be like `` you my bitch now . 
  bitch , now i kiss you . 
  bitch . 
  better make me some motherfucking money , you know what i 'm sayin ' . '', 
  imma make me some motherfucking money and fuck all your bitches . 
  then i be like `` golden man is the name , yo mama 's the game . '', 
  and my costume be like green and golden with gold rings and whatnot and then motherfucker i be like `` green is for the money , gold is for the honey '' haha , you know what i 'm sayin haha . 
  we have to find them and procreate with them . 
  if it were me it would n't be walk of shame . 
  it 'd be the best stride of pride the north has ever seen . 
  that link is already purple ... 
  i am ashamed ... 
  you ... 
  i like you . 
  my curiosity is trying to make me click it . 
  damn it ... 
  i hate you . 
  i now have you tagged as : guy that made me click that link, 
  walk into the lunchroom like `` what up , there is a big cock '' . 
  you would have had to fly through most of europe under fire from aa guns and the luftwaffe . 
  and that is if the air-carriers managed to get in range to launch their bombers . 
  you could have launched the bombers from britain but that would mean carrying the bomb across an entire ocean which means massive amount of units escorting it . 
  the germans would have found out that something was going down and would have tried their best to find out what and stop it . 
  take a look at the amount of economic , political and social instability before hitler and draw your conclusions . 
  again , remember that in this scenario germany is still allied with the ussr . 
  this means all their military effort would have been concentrated on the african front and attempts to seize control over britain . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1hyhqh/whats_the_most_horrible_thing_you_did_to_a_sibling/caz85zw ), 
  edit : now with link, 
  i never learned what to link it to ;(, 
  plus , it will send thousands of people into oblivion . 
  i can answer that . 
  does your ass remember getting fucked lately ? 
  what.the.fuck . 
  moist and delicious . 
  just like my sister . 
  did you take the time to cook the noodles with the idea that it would feel great to fuck them ? 
  if so , you are a dedicated man , i must say . 
  my father likes to say that the worst thing to happen to a man is to be born a white heterosexual middle-class male . 
  he seems to be onto something . 
  you baffoon !, 
  have n't you watched the documentary ancient aliens ? 
  they will come for our gold because the gold in their atmosphere got all shitty and stuff . 
  they are here for gold god damnit . 
  ancient aliens said earth is like ... the only place in the local cluster or some shit that has gold and the aliens ' homeplanet went doodoo cuz them bitches don ' gots no gold in their atmosphere , man . 
  this was like , written in the pyramids or some shit . 
  as a straight man , i would prefer if me and nph were only friends and hang out every now and then . 
  xl + , do n't forget xl +, 
  so it 's in its third month of being announced ? 
  hl3 confirmed . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i think that only the first season was good . 
  after the first season it just felt ... meh to me . 
  i have softened cartilage in my left knee joint and whenever the weather is about to worsen i feel pain in that knee . 
  winter also sucks when temperatures decide to drop 8c and i need something like 3 days for my knee to stop hurting . 
  oh , you 're one of * those * people . 
  back off , she 's mine . 
  wnt hard dck ? 
  15 inches . 
  trade picz ? 
  dude needed help with the dryer . 
  [ what 's up with that ?!, 
  ] ( http://static.tvgcdn.net/mediabin/galleries/shows/s_z/si_sp/south_park/all_seasons/south-park-77.jpg ), 
  well it will now . 
  that 's what the nsa is for . 
  communication is the key to defeating crime . 
  and a than . 
  nearly went apeshit when i read they went to him in the morgue after picking him up . 
  divorces , man ... divorces ... 
  the greatest superpower of all !, 
  in my country , bulgaria , more than half of today 's high school graduates go to university . 
  and universities are getting bigger by cutting costs , this means education for more people which means a bunch of idiots waving around their university diplomas wanting a good paid job for doing as little work as possible . 
  by cutting costs to make education available to more people you end up with shitty education . 
  what * i * believe should be done is make education as demanding as possible . 
  people who ca n't keep up go to schools that offer worse education and those people end up with more manual labor demanding jobs that do n't need much qualification , which , i ca n't stress enough , are just as important . 
  universities are to be kept relatively expensive as to keep their offered education better . 
  you ca n't pay for uni ? 
  take a student loan . 
  ca n't pay it off ? 
  decide to go to a cheaper university and try the same there . 
  i ca n't go to harvard or yale or the ivy league schools because they are too expensive for me and my family so i 'm going to a worse university that is cheaper and there 's nothing i can do about that . 
  but by making university education available to everyone you end up with a country like bulgaria because everybody thinks they are underpaid because of that sheet of paper they got . 
  joining the argument late but here goes . 
  having most of your populace with higher education degrees means that they are qualified for more complex work . 
  all is fine and dandy up until the point where everybody has invested time to be better qualified for a certain job yet it has been given to somebody else because he/she did the same . 
  the remaining jobs require less qualification which makes the person 's degree unjustified to spend several years on it . 
  those countries you listed in your first reply to me may be doing okay but they also have a large amount of unqualified immigrant workforce . 
  germany 's main immigrant group is turk and it is close to a million if i am not mistaken .
