  there is something admirable in their loyalty , regardless of the reasons for it . 
  hell , an average dog makes a better friend than most people just because of their loyalty to their owner . 
  yes !, 
  fuck you , mom !, 
  i 'm not retarded , you were wrong all along !, 
  i was six when it happened . 
  it was around 3pm or 5 in my country , and there were supposed to be cartoons on at that time . 
  switch on the tv and live coverage of people jumping from the burning buildings ... was not a good day . 
  reposting less than one day after this was frontpage . 
  oh , you meant next time ... 
  stab . 
  kill . 
  mutilate . 
  pain . 
  here 's my tinfoil . 
  that some of the major characters are actually lightbringer . 
  1st one was put in water , and broke . 
  theon `` goes back to the water '' and is broken thereafter . 
  not only mentally , but physically . 
  2nd one goes through a lion 's heart . 
  tyrion obviously . 
  he is quite `` broken '' after this conflict , with all the prior things that happen . 
  3rd one goes through the heart of a loved one . 
  this is the unknown . 
  it could be jorah , daario , barristan , jaime , brienne . 
  i do n't know . 
  but after their ... `` forging '' so to speak they will become shadows of what they were prior to that , they will complete their mission - battle the great other - and will probably die . 
  theon and tyrion are showing signs of gathering themselves back together slowly , in contrast to the original lightbringer story . 
  so the final lightbringer will `` shatter '' in the end , and die . 
  hell , it could even be arya killing one of her siblings . 
   getting the blade into the wife to be forged could even mean sexual intercourse . 
  you do n't mean ... ? 
  surely , you are joking !, 
  my god !, 
  you have it !, 
  tormund 's member is lightbringer !, 
  it will cut down the great other !, 
  tormund is actually aa , and he will kill un-jon with his member !, 
  it appears my seriousness lotion got on my joke , and ruined it . 
  i think lightbringer him/herself will have to kill the loved one . 
  and just as fiiiiine . 
  the problem lies with the general notion that religion and science can not coexist . 
  we should try and fix that belief ... 
  they terk er jerbs . 
  i mean dakingadanorf . 
  he 'll start burning chapters from finished books . 
  soon enough ned will be alive again . 
  or they 'll disappear until the final book . 
  daario is beowulf 's son from the movie - confirmed . 
  i 'm still here , m ` lady . 
  niiice . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  now i did . 
  at least she complimented your dick . 
  red . 
  for blood . 
  run . 
  and never look back . 
  fuck , man . 
  newest quattro , i want that , but i 'm just stuck with this shitty x-drive on my pc . 
  ca n't wait till ' the new amg is released . 
  we change the laws and reuse that waste . 
  the problem is people hear about tmi , chernobyl , fukushima , and think nuclear plants = nuclear bombs just waiting to go off . 
  they completely miss the point that all nuclear plant incidents are the results of human mistakes . 
  also , as far as i know , most , if not all , reactors we use are from the 60s . 
  indeed , it does not , however , change the public opinion that they are the same thing . 
  from what i know , all incidents with nuclear plants were the result of human mistakes . 
  it 's 2014 , we can automate almost everything in a power plant , i think . 
  so let 's do it . 
  `` your balls . 
  give them to me ! '', 
  yeah sure , daario is also benjen and dr. who . 
  also plausible . 
  we could also send bruce willis and a band of burly oil rig workers to drill through the surface . 
  but with unlocked gates !, 
  i do the same movement during sex ... 
  that ai n't the vaj i was searching for . 
  has n't it for quite a bit of time ? 
  hmm , thought it went even further back . 
  grrm holds his hand down . 
  what needs tree-fiddy , may never die . 
  do n't let the atheist circlejerk hear you . 
  i 'm tired of puns . 
  so this is how the console `` masterpiece '' looks like ? 
  xenonauts even looks better ... and i 'm guessing that it is still a better game . 
  is n't it more like 13 ? 
  while still a bit creepy , it is still more acceptable , considering what era asoiaf portrays . 
  i knew this would be some kind of disgusting shit ... 
  still , i am impressed . 
  yeah , but i have to keep it soaked in vinegar for a day or two after i shot it down . 
  back when lego was . 
  was n't she also related to greyworm ? 
  [ seems like it . 
  ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/99554-ned-stark-laughing-gif-robert-jion.gif ), 
  i once hit the gas instead of the brake . 
  people died . 
  marijuana should be illegal . 
  what 's a shadowban ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's not like yu gi oh , and he did n't get sent to the shadow realm . 
  do we have to fight in pegasus 's championship on his private island to release unidan ?
