  i visited 9gag occasionally at that point but each time i saw anything there my reaction was : `` how can this be new , i saw it 3 days ago on reddit ? '', 
  and , as they say , it 's all history from then on . 
  to future time-travellers - beware !, 
  i am now 3 months in , no end in sight . 
  supplies are running low , water is scarce , the weather is dry . 
  i have made a huge mistake . 
  evillordzeno was here . 
  that 's no hat . 
  it 's a hood and i 'd hardly call that person a little girl . 
  all aboard the repost train . 
  well , it looks like op has a pussy beneath that underwear . 
  it might be a repost , but i just love how parrots do n't have stereoscopic vision and have to turn their heads when they want to look at something . 
  makes this bird look like `` i just pushed this thing and it fell from this high place ... lol ... '', 
  now imagine how this thing slaps her in the face . 
  jurassic park . 
  this is what we call in my home country a `` hen thorn '' . 
  no idea why it 's called that . 
  anyway , i guess the other comments saying it 's a wart are correct . 
  i used to have about ... 11 ? 
  on my fingers on both hands in total . 
  essentially , there is something like a ` mother thorn ' and if you take that out the others will follow quickly . 
  as to how i got mine off - one day i just could n't take anymore of the annoying feeling they gave me whenever they came into contact with something , i flipped out and tore them out . 
  there was a lot of blood and pain involved . 
  i have heard , however , that liquid nitrogen works well to get them removed , but i do n't know anything else about that . 
  i was a man and used my own body to fight those fuckers for it . 
  fuck , i suck at chemistry . 
  any help , guys ? 
  please continue !, 
  what happened after the penicillin ? 
  did you die ? 
  did they use elephant doses of the next antibiotic ? 
  i 'm 9 alalalalalalalalala . 
  that would be it more or less . 
  or you know , he 's 15 , does n't have a car , nor any cash so op has to take him out on a date . 
  because he is ... the xistentialist . 
  closest i can think of is erica fontes . 
  well this seals it . 
  i 'm bulgarian and it 's the same . 
  op , your girlfriend is a secret kgb agent and you have just prevented a nuclear holocaust . 
  or caused one . 
  you will find out soon enough . 
  so the lord is sitting at his desk , doing documentation and suddenly there 's a huge ruckus going on in the street . 
  he takes his bell , rings it and the attendant comes into the room . 
  `` james . '', 
  says the lord `` what is this commotion in the streets !? '', 
  `` sir , there is a gay parade going on . '', 
  answers the attendant . 
  `` but why are they being so noisy ? '', 
  asks the lord . 
  `` well , sir , it is a gay parade . 
  parade , there 's noise . '', 
  `` i understand that but why , james ? 
  why are they being so noisy . '', 
  `` gays , sir , parade , they are just noisy . '', 
  `` but why , james ? 
  why ? '', 
  `` why ? 
  why ... 
  i 'll tell you why , because they 're a bunch of faggots ! '', 
  no offense intended :d, 
  as for the giveaway i 'll take hitman . 
  thank you very much . 
  i guess i 'll have to go to a clockwork to have it opened and then compare it to the above image . 
  i 'll try finding something more about the ss knife . 
  could the stock number be of any help to identify it ? 
  as for the bayonet . 
  my father and i believe that it has been in use until recently . 
  probably by some elder person which is why it appears so beaten up . 
  i could not find any identifying marks anywhere . 
  after consulting with my father we believe it to be from a manlicher . 
  thank you for your help . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm quite pleased with this 30 $ find :d, 
  judging from the front of the pocket watch with the lid and it being so similar to the other one , i think it may also be a , supposedly , glashutte . 
  also , i have contacted glashutte and asked them if they can help me identify the lidless watch . 
  i am still waiting on an answer from them . 
  i honestly do n't think i should try open it myself . 
  i have also contacted glashutte original and asked them if they cab help me identify it but i am still waiting for a reply . 
  cosmo sex tip 34 : do you and your partner need to spice things up a bit in the bed ? 
  why not call your daughter to help . 
  it is also a way to spend time as a family !, 
  well , in this one time , at hs we just finished our training and we 're the last people at school . 
  a buddy of mine and i are usually not in a hurry at all when changing and we 're usually the last to leave the locker room . 
  so , we 're done changing , putting our winter jackets on , cause you know ... it 's -20 c outside with winter and all and what do we notice ? 
  a pair of pants , left there hanging , forgotten by some poor bum . 
  now i ca n't imagine the type of person who would do this . 
  he ca n't go outside in his shorts , it 's -20 c. 
  and i ca n't imagine a person walking home wondering why it 's so cold and suddenly going `` oh , bloody hell , i forget to put on me trousers ! '', 
  mmm ... 
  i 'd shoot my rifle up her target . 
  from bulgaria : blaze it faggots !, 
  we 're otherwise a shit country though . 
  i 'll be doing dishes for my mom because i believe i 'm actually depressed and i need to try and get atleast some of my shit together . 
  you tink that 's bad ? 
  the last time i saw this post i still used to browse 9gag . 
  so yeah ... god fucking repost . 
  the ghetto . 
  as to best rpg , i would say the elder scrolls series , one can lose tons of time on that game . 
  mass effect 1 is also awesome . 
  you can be the greatest of douches in the galaxy and still feel good at the end of the day when you save everybody .
