  but they would probably figure out there may be tranny attempts . 
  better make a really good fake female id to go with that , then . 
  the logic is that gender is in your head , not your body . 
  your genitalia do n't make you male . 
  your male identity is what makes you male . 
  you were lucky in that your gender and your sex align in your case . 
  it 's not true for a lot of people . 
  the church feeds everyone regarding of ethnicity and they are doing a lot more organised and constant work compared to the golden dawn 's stunts . 
  ok , yeah , one is old and tiny and the other one is wider than a fridge !, 
  interesting that you do n't have samaras there :p he 's 61 but maybe you 're afraid of the competition ? 
  i 'm just saying ... :p i do n't want my politicians to look good , i just want them to have something going upstairs and tsipras is dangerously stupid . 
  also his english are an incredible turn off . 
  he ca n't speak it at all , why does n't he get an interpreter ? 
  hot ? 
  no , really , hot ? 
  i am female and i would n't touch him if he were the very last man on the planet . 
  om nom nom , aubergines for the win . 
  lmao !, 
  thanks . 
  that is the joke . 
  he is a surprise because he is the only actual football player and it 's funny to see him at 1:21 and later on as the only person in actual football gear looking around all befuddled because no one is playing . 
  oh , i really doubt it . 
  my gym is very posh * hairtoss * ( which is why it is now my ex-gym . 
  after 3 years ca n't afford it anymore , thanks austerity ! ), 
  i guess rizospastis was a bit like waving a red cloth to a bull . 
  but i do n't agree that any other newspaper would have been fine !, 
  imagine if she hit him with the sunday edition of vima + vimadonna , vimagourmet and vimawhatever magazine , 2 music cds and 1 dvd . 
  he would have ended up in the hospital !, 
  i honestly do n't remember getting this guy 's ballot . 
  actually there were a few shortages where i was voting so for a few of the more ridiculous balllots they asked me `` well ... do you really want that one ? '', 
  i did n't take the one that had venizelos on it ( eleftherios , not vangelis ) nor the one with kapodistrias, 
  i have so much respect for stavros theodorakis . 
  also some impure thoughts about him but should n't get into that ... yeah ... 
  i get what you mean . 
  they are everywhere around us , it 's not like aliens came from the dark side of the moon to vote golden dawn . 
  their voters are literally the people next door . 
  this thread is not exactly the place for this but i would n't mind too much , personally . 
  i think we 've already got a group of retired german taxation specialists who came to sort out our tax collection system a bit . 
  i 'm all for improving efficiency there because as a salaried worker i get taxed to hell to make up for all those asshole doctors and lawyers who claim to be destitute . 
  haha , thanks for clarifying . 
  i needed to get to the video to make sure they were n't simply hairier than most guys you see . 
  not that greek men are n't hairy . 
  hell , greek women too . 
  those days are over . 
  back in the old days they would even pay for plane tickets to get expats to vote . 
  as far as i know none of this is happening anymore and even when it was happening it was the party paying , not the state . 
  i was about to get a little offended at that but the balding guy does get a bit simian in his excitement . 
  all that was missing was beating his chest . 
  to be honest , even though i did n't watch the game and do n't care much about football , this video with the [ russian commentator 's reaction ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5s7kgnb5xc ) ( oi oi oi ) is a bit funny . 
  take this with a grain of salt but i 'm pretty sure there could be a minority government if they get a vote of confidence . 
  but it 's highly unlikely so i do n't see it happening . 
  ahaha , with a scythe !, 
  only they might think it 's a sickle and it 's st stalin on horseback coming back to aid their struggle !, 
  hmm ... sucky execution , that was funnier in my head, 
  the syriza vs golden dawn dilemma was n't that unusual , i heard also a young guy voicing it in stavros theodorakis ' protagonistes [ profiling the golden dawn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f76fq0x1die ) nestoras ... you are making me wonder whether your gym is for \u03c6\u03bf\u03c5\u03c3\u03ba\u03c9\u03c4\u03bf\u03cd\u03c2 ... :p watch what you say around anyone with a shaved head . 
  nd ca n't form a coalition without pasok . 
  there are simply not enough seats left to reach 151 because there is no way in hell the independent greeks and democratic left could ever be convinced to be in the same room let alone the same party . 
  kke and golden dawn are in a world of their own and not to be considered at all . 
  dunno , it was windy as hell . 
  glad i did n't have to take a boat to go vote . 
  well , it does change if it is the second trip you have to take after the may elections not to mention that , yes , 1,65 eur on average per litre is slightly better but would n't exactly call it cheap ... 
  please tell me you kicked her right in the box after that statement . 
  i checked the most current results and the turnout still seems to be only 60 % . 
  my guesses for the increase ( from 65 ) : a lot of people have left greece and expats ca n't vote ( and probably ca n't afford to fly back just for that ) a lot of people do n't vote in their place of residence and can not afford to travel there due to ridiculously high fuel prices . 
  these elections were sprung as a surprise and a lot of people could not plan for them . 
  a lot of people felt that none of the available parties were fit to represent them so just did n't even bother voting for something they did n't agree with . 
  someone needs to break it to them gently that their voters are dying off . 
  i overheard a dude in a posh restaurant in halandri declaring he was voting for antarsya . 
  and then there 's one of the trainers in my gym who really could n't decide between syriza and golden dawn ... 
  looks like it would be 162 deputies with the latest results . 
  the problem is that pasok said they are not interested in a government without syriza . 
  fml , what are they smoking in pasok ? 
  democratic left is a bit of a slut , it will go with everyone but just nd and democratic left would n't be enough . 
  are you busy on july 29th ? 
  i 'm not sure we will get a government out of this mess either ... 
  i think they will work together but the government will not be very strong with just barely over 151 deputies . 
  perhaps people downvote him cause he 's a troll ? 
  a very honest and painful article . 
  eurorail , say no more . 
  the greek rail network is practically non-existent so i see how it would n't work . 
   i strongly recommend italy and france . 
  i hope you have a great time !, 
  it may help to get some more info about you and your friend . 
  age ? 
  sex ? 
  interests ? 
  i can mostly speak for greece so here goes : greek weather for september : usually very good . 
  you can go to the beach . 
  october is so and so , there is high possibility of rain . 
  in general , it 's better in southern greece . 
  must-sees : a lot of ancient stuff . 
  ca n't really think of anything adventure related without more info . 
  there 's kayaking , bungee jumping , beautiful gorges to explore or you can climb mount olympus if you are into that sort of thing ... 
  i am not a very adventurous person so would need to know more about your interests . 
  would recommend a post to r/greece if you decide to give greece a chance . 
  wtf , did this guy fall off his motorcycle , or something ? 
  their manifesto is completely retarded but vote syriza anyway because their heart is in the right place ? 
  it 's good but would n't say math metal is completely representative ... 
  i 'd go for some [ septic flesh ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1dtulpd-cm ) myself . 
  : / i can only name sigh but they are so good they should count for 10 bands .
