  i will probably be downvoted too but i tried it in a spanish restaurant in greece the other day and it really had no taste at all . 
  or maybe the restaurant sucked : /, 
  aha , the `` buried '' part worried me a bit . 
  if they have it in norway too it 's very likely that i have already tried it . 
  sounds familiar . 
  toast them a bit , cover in butter and perhaps some jam ? 
  awesome breakfast !, 
  had them 13 years ago and still miss them . 
  omg , i love karelian pies !!!, 
  i really should try to make them myself one of these days . 
  ewwww do n't wan na eat rotten salmon . 
  i 'll make you some tzatziki , [ fried courgette balls ] ( http://www.athinorama.gr/lmnts/umami/article_images/1588/3930513116_198d4163d7.jpg ) and oven baked kid ( baby goat ) with rice and a greek salad , and plenty of ouzo and [ galaktompoureko ] ( http://rethemnosnews.gr/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/182_galaktoboureko.jpg ) for dessert . 
  clearly you 'll have to write in cockney rhyming slang . 
  bulgaria sent a fat , gypsy transexual backing singer to eurovision and still failed to make it through to the final . 
  for some reason they do n't have a strong enough voting block and keep getting stuck in the semi even though some of their songs have been pretty solid . 
  i only know it from vast sampling it in [ touched ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8s_r13jv11q ) my brother 's girlfriend is bulgarian and she 's very nice . 
  i thought he was ran over by a tram . 
  gaudi, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  sklavenitis which is all greek and you would n't have heard of it . 
  then carrefour then lidl for snacks , cheap beer and cold meats . 
  i do n't see dia here and i 'm not surprised . 
  they do n't exist in greece anymore and back when they did they were mostly crappy . 
  totally agree on lidl cold meats , great quality and cheap . 
  we love their salami . 
  i think my religious consciousness is pretty much gone since i realised i 'm an atheist . 
  do you think they 'll take away my passport ? 
  crap . 
  off to church !, 
  bad grammar in english by non english speaking countryballs . 
  the french countryball would be expected to use correct grammar in french . 
  i expected to see her singing it but that works too . 
  i would totally go lesbian for isinbaeva . 
  i know it 's in the baltic . 
  i know the capital is riga . 
  i also remember you sent this blond girl in eurovision one year and you won . 
  she was wearing a pink dress and she did a striptease on stage . 
  the song was craptastic but the gimmick paid off . 
  wow , thanks for the info , a lot makes more sense now . 
  i guess you know your stuff  i understand quite a bit in written norwegian but still have some issues with spoken and with speaking myself . 
  i guess if i do end up moving somewhere in norway full immersion will help . 
  i can only hope ... 
   in many areas of the country , if you 're not norwegian , we 'll spot you a mile away , hehe . 
  we will adjust to help you !, 
  oh , i know how awesomely helpful norwegians are , been to norway several times and people were great to me !, 
   i think it 's also best to be brutally honest about the many dialects and sociolects you will no doubt encounter several times a day . 
  some are harder than others and we will expect you to decipher those . 
  it 's not entirely unproblematic for some norwegians either , hehe !, 
  yeah , it is very discouraging because my teacher is trying to teach me bokmal because i need to pass exams on it and all of our norwegian family speaks nynorsk or whatever dialect they speak in vestlandet ... in fact they all seem to speak differently even within the same family and it is driving me bonkers . 
  i ask about a word and they each pronounce it differently or use a completely different version of it . 
  they say numbers differently , just everything !, 
  never been to oslo but i have heard people from the area speak and it sounds way different , a lot like swedish . 
  if we do move i think we 'll probably end up in bergen though if it is oslo after all i 'm ready to add to the multiculturalism there . 
  my son has it so much easier . 
  we are raising him bilingual . 
  he does n't speak yet but hopefully when the time comes he wo n't have any trouble with the two languages . 
  no , i totally get it . 
  thought it was from a professional news source cause i just took a quick glance at it without paying too much attention . 
  actually , no , just took a glance and thought it was from a newspaper . 
  in that case , sorry i was harsh , shit happens . 
  i refuse to read an article where the editors have missed an entire word in the freaking title !, 
  that said , she was probably right but too late now . 
  awww , thanks , i hope it will work out . 
  if not i guess i can always move to norway ( my boyfriend and our son have norwegian citizenship ) . 
  learning your language now . 
  grammar is n't so bad but pronunciation is killing me . 
  why do you guys have so many vowel sounds ? 
  paris would be absolutely lovely if it were n't for stereotypical parisians . 
  jesus , some people need to tone it down a bit . 
  also , i got robbed in gare de lyon and the police was completely unsympathetic and nasty to me . 
  i do n't remember that much about lyon except that it was a beautiful place ( after clermont-ferrand 's gloominess ) and the men were handsome . 
  i forgot waffles !, 
  haha , i guess a norwegian would get it since you call it hellas . 
  i wish it was n't true in so many ways but hopefully things will start getting better at some point . 
  i would like the greek version to rise from its ashes . 
  i ca n't imagine a world where my son ca n't read disney comics in greek . 
  i guess i 'll have to stockpile them now so i 'll have some for him for when he 's old enough ( he 's only 7 months old now ) . 
  \u039a\u039f\u039c\u0399\u039e is actually marketed towards adults , i 'd say . 
  i love how they also provide some background on the stories . 
  also , from a translator 's point of view , the translations are beyond excellent . 
  everything is adapted extremely well . 
  beers , chocolate , jacques brel , wim mertens , hercule poirot ( i know he 's fictional and written by a brit but i still like him ) , franco-belgian comics , that statue with the peeing kid in brussels . 
  for about 2 years my dad used to visit brussels at least twice a month cause of his work . 
  was not a fan , he said brussels was terribly boring ( but then again my dad does n't drink beer , he hates it ) . 
  would still like to visit someday brussels or bruges or maybe antwerpen . 
  oh , i know that , do n't worry . 
  i 've also been in the uk for a semester and i had a fantastic time , in rome for a month and i absolutely loved it and the locals were awesome and in many other countries for short or longer visits . 
  also growing up i lived in austria for two years . 
  i had some issues with racism there as well but in general it was nice . 
  probably also not a country where i would want to settle down , though . 
  you 're not alone . 
  :*( it seems unthinkable . 
  even now i was buying and reading komi\u039e every now and then and i grew up with my parents buying us mickey mouse every week . 
  we would get into epic fights with my brother over who would get to read it first . 
  with some siblings it was so bad that their parents had to buy two copies . 
  i hope it will be temporary . 
  i was in clermont-ferrand for a semester . 
  i had really crap experiences in clermont-ferrand and in my visits to paris . 
  lyon and grenoble were nice but it was just for a short visit and really loved strasbourg but did n't stay there that long either . 
  does it have to be a greek documentary ?
