  but the dutch translator wanted 7 cents/word . 
  so moron director finds as a guy in india to do it for 2 cents/word . 
  and no matter how much we tried to explain to him that the quality would be total shit , he went ahead . 
  he paid the guy and everything , naturally we got a completely useless text in english , translated with systran or something . 
  the stupid , it burns !, 
  re : google translate , funny thing is that with some japanese companies we work with , they sometimes send translation instructions and stuff like that in japanese and tell us to just google translate the comments and figure out the instructions . 
  most of the time it makes sense , oddly enough . 
  not a correct sentence but understandable . 
  unfortunately it 's hugely popular in greece . 
  it 's the one beer you 're most likely to find anywhere . 
  second is amstel , i think . 
  yeah ... what can i say , we sure do n't know our beers . 
  as a translator i 'm furious that they used google translate or something like that to come up with this bs . 
  i mean , what would it cost to get one stupid sentence translated so they would n't sound like the morons they are ? 
  the closest to correct would be `` mia heineken , parakalo '' and not `` se parakalo '' that 's too much like the guy is begging the bartended for a beer . 
  in fact , if we want to be culturally appropriate i doubt `` please '' would be in that sentence at all , hell , not even heineken , it would be `` piase mou mia prasini ! '', 
  ( get me a green one which is standard slang for heineken ) on the other hand , i do n't understand this country 's obsession for heineken , it 's piss . 
  on the other , other hand i have n't had a beer since june and would gladly drink even a stinking heineken at this point . 
  they are not persons because they can not survive outside the womb . 
  they need a host to live therefore they are not independent human beings and the owner of the womb gets to decide what happens to them . 
  it 's her body , her choice . 
  \u03a3\u03c4\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03cc\u03ba\u03b1\u03c5\u03bb\u03bf\u03b9 sorry for the greek , it 's such a perfect yet untranslatable word for them . 
  the mainstream in greece is not that fond of the military , i think . 
  there are still memories from the dictatorship of 1967-1974 . 
  well , that was just to get people riled up . 
  the majority of singers just get paid through their personal companies and declare expenses so unlike individuals who get taxed 40 % they pay 20 % . 
  it 's legal so releasing their personal declarations and getting some sort fo public shaming going on was just a dumb move from ta nea . 
  yeah , i know about the companies . 
  anna vissi has one with karvelas and i 'm guessing that one had a decent amount of earnings . 
  either way , i 'm sure there is major tax evasion going on , i was reading about performers who would be paid something like 5000 euros a night , every night , without any record of that money . 
  they forgot entertainers . 
  all those poor singers who earn 3.000 eur a year ( that was anna vissi in 2009 ! ), 
  how do you know my spending is n't excessive ? 
  seriously , man , take a chill pill . 
  you say you have money ( wheee , go you ! ), 
  but you stay home because you do n't want to give a bad example . 
  but those evil kids take their daddy 's money and go out drinking . 
  well , too bad for their dad that never taught them any better . 
  still , even those kids are helping the economy a hell of a lot more than you . 
  i am glad that people still go out . 
  why should we lock ourselves at home and be miserable when we can go out and spend less money but still help restaurants and bars and other shops not close down ? 
  why should we turn greece into a ghost country and have tourists get depressed as hell when they come here , how would that help anyone ? 
  thank you so much for answering !, 
  yes , i agree that it looks very suspect . 
  i ca n't answer for all the offices , the inside information i have is from just one . 
  as an interpreter of course i was n't taking sides . 
  i meant that my experiences has me closer to the policemen 's side in that i knew some of them personally and i could relate to a lot of what they were going through and how they had to stretch resources . 
  sometimes the immigrants hoped to use me as their advocate and it just did n't work like that , i could n't do that and i encountered some hostility in that respect . 
  and i understand that there were often cases with no interpreters . 
  there were some languages that we could n't find interpreters for no matter how hard we tried . 
  not an excuse , i know but if the immigrants did n't speak english or any other european language it was often hard to find anyone . 
  oh , well , i 've spoken enough about this . 
  stop making sense , damn you !, 
  * facepalm * geographically challenged , that 's me . 
  edessa is quite lovely , is n't it ? 
  i have visited many times . 
  there is of course a minority but i like to think we 're not oppressing them too badly . 
  nova macedonia and slavomacedonia were names that were considered back in the early 90s from what i understand and it was my impression was that your side was willing to accept them but our side had to be stubborn asses about it : /, 
  fyromian i kid . 
  i think that the conflict should have been resolved ages ago . 
  yes , your country is geographically in the northern part of where the ancient macedonia used to be . 
  i would have totally agreed to nova macedonia or slavomacedonia or any other name that implies that there are in fact two and you do n't want to march north and free the `` macedonian minority '' in greece . 
  these are just lyrics to a song . 
  and i think he does n't sing , he 's the bassist . 
  anti-christian themes are very common in black metal , it does n't mean that playing or enjoying it makes anyone automatically a satanist . 
  not to mention that with the style of singing i doubt anyone can tell apart the lyrics anyway ... do i think germenis is a hypocrite for claiming to be christian while playing this music ? 
  probably but it fits with golden dawn 's pagan affiliations too ( they accept christianity or the old religion meaning the 12 gods etc ) . 
  this song refers to revenge for the slaughters of pagans in the hands of christians . 
  it is a very common theme similar to norwegian black metal and its norse god obsession and anti-christian attitude . 
  i hate that with germenis ' notoriety a bunch of people who know nothing about metal are now judging black metal as a whole and naer mataron who are actually great in their genre . 
  there is no day off rule here and i nearly fainted after going to work immediately after . 
  my co-workers were running out to get me orange juice and stuff . 
  i donated on a saturday the next time to make sure i 'd be ok . 
  but i know people who just go straight to work after and they seem fine . 
  they do have immunity . 
  i think there are limits to it and it can be removed in certain cases but in general they get away with a lot . 
  * well , here 's the dublin ii twist and the problem greece faces : those immigrants left their fingerprints with the greek police when they applied for asylum . 
  little did they know that the central police office in athens has two versions of the only official document covering asylum : denied without reason and denied with [ insert reason ] . 
  in any case , greece is their point of entry and probably exit from the european union . 
  you get you asylum case denied in greece , then you have your case denied anywhere in europe . 
  * i have serious doubts about this . 
  i have worked as an interpreter in asylum cases and know specific cases . 
  things move very slow but there is consideration of every case and this whole conspiracy theory about the double paperwork sounds more like rumours . 
  have there been official reports and inquiries or any sort of proof that this is standard practice in the greek police ? 
  would n't it make more sense to just approve everyone ( no matter the countless bs claims among all the legitimate ones about why they require asylum ) and have them be sweden 's problem when they leave greece as soon as they can manage it ? 
  i am sorry i can not be more specific about certain cases i have observed and even though i was technically mostly on the other side my heart was constantly breaking for the state these people were in . 
  i do n't think cpt_lulz is lying here i just think that this information does n't sound solid . 
  i have friends and relatives in the police . 
  for some of them it was just a career choice , not necessarily because they were that hell-bent on becoming policemen or a fascist upbringing and mentality but because it is a job and they ended up doing it . 
  even the most liberal of them end up hating the guys who throw rocks at them and attempt to burn them alive in protests and liking more the guys who are beating up those guys with the molotovs and the rocks . 
  leftist and anarchist violence is also to blame here and we all need to realise that the police force are people too . 
  some of them are just kids getting paid crappy salaries and defending institutions they do n't even fully believe in while so called anarchists , leftists and pame thugs try to kill them . 
  does the police do its job properly ? 
  they really do n't most of the time . 
  who do they beat up in protests ? 
  usually the weak and just the ones they can catch who are often just passing there . 
  it 's happened to me too and i would n't be caught dead in a demonstration , just passing by with a backpack i was grabbed and wrestled to the ground , all 55 kg of 15 year old me . 
  but it was also policemen too who picked me up , apologised and yelled at the moron who did this . 
  tl ; dr police are people too and leftist violence is very much to blame for their affiliations, 
  the police should have done their job .
