  it will be possible to enter the bus only from the front door and finally finally it will be possible to buy a ticket directly from the driver ( bus tickets are hell in ~ ~ greece ~ ~ athens , you can only find them in kiosks . 
  not inside the bus and not on the bus stop either . 
  i have ridden without a ticket not because i did n't want to pay the stupid 1,20 eur but because i had looked and looked and had not been able to find a freaking ticket !!!!, 
  edited cause athens is not all of greece and as it was pointed out to me , in thessaloniki it has always been possible to get a ticket in the bus . 
  i remember that . 
  i also remember the awesome food there and how incredibly hot the women were ( and i am one too , they really made me self-conscious ) . 
  i mean , great food and gorgeous women , if i lived there i would n't fit through the door . 
  i have n't been to either but given the chance i 'd go for copenhagen first . 
  brazilian ? 
  i watched plenty of tv in the 00s but i ca n't remember any brazilian shows . 
  there were mexican ( esmeralda , milagros , maria del barrio , paulina \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b4\u03b5\u03bd \u03c3\u03c5\u03bc\u03bc\u03b1\u03b6\u03b5\u03cd\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03b9 ... ) , venezuelan ( fernanda ) and at least one colombian ( paquita ) but i honestly ca n't think of any brazilian shows . 
  and before you worry about my iq , i did n't actually watch those shows religiously , or anything but i have elderly relatives so there was always someone who would be watching `` their show '' when i visited . 
  omg , that 's the one !, 
  found it on youtube and it was quite the blast from the past . 
  there were only 2 channels at the time and pretty much everyone watched that show and discussed it the next day . 
  i know we used to have brazillian soaps in the late 80s , i woke up watching them but those were not dubbed . 
  i remember there was one set in the 1800 's with this girl who wanted to free the slaves and her father was super strict and horrible . 
  i think what resrep is talking about are mexican , venezuelan and colombian telenovelas which were of course originally in spanish . 
  we were dubbing telenovelas which were all the rage about 5 years ago but lately we show turkish soaps . 
  like tons and tons of turkish soaps , not dubbed . 
  apart from that , only children 's shows are dubbed . 
  and even with cartoons , the dubbed showings are the early ones and any showings from 9 pm onwards are with subtitles . 
  albanians and other white immigrants have marched with golden dawn in poor areas where gd is active . 
  it is simply that a lot of inhabitants in those areas are not greek born but the ally against 3rd world immigrants . 
  i 'd definitely like some too ... 
  i tried google translate on the comments . 
  with some languages it works pretty well . 
  turkish is definitely not one of those languages . 
  add eliza dushku ( faith from buffy ) as another celeb of albanian descent . 
  i worked with an albanian translator for several years . 
  these are things that i know from her : because of state instituted atheism the members of the greek minority were forced to give their children ancient greek names because it was illegal to give them christian names . 
  nowadays that albanians can name their kids whatever they want a lot of women would give their kids names after mexican soap operas so we would receive birth certificates for girls named milagros , aurelia etc. 
  there were albanian divorces where the divorced parties would get different parts of the same house in the divorce ( i translated one to english where the wife got the living room and the husband got the bedroom ) not sure what they did with bathroom and kitchen . 
  weapons at the border of the country were facing inwards to stop people from escaping . 
  on this one , i 've gotten all my info from movies : from the third man : like the fella says , in italy for 30 years under the borgias they had warfare , terror , murder , and bloodshed , but they produced michelangelo , leonardo da vinci , and the renaissance . 
  in switzerland they had brotherly love - they had 500 years of democracy and peace , and what did that produce ? 
  were you riding on the wing ? 
  but seriously , i too thing that 1000 dollars is too much , i got a ticket from london to ny for 700 . 
  we do n't dub in greece . 
  only children 's shows . 
  it 's not just german speakers who dub , italians , french and spanish dub too . 
  they do n't dub films and tv shows . 
  they prefer subtitles . 
  i 've felt very sorry for them in eurovision . 
  many times they 've come near the top but never won . 
  i do n't know why they did n't say anything at the time . 
  it could be that they had exhausted all their negotiations then . 
  it could be that they are incompetent but then again what else is new ... 
  they will be implemented , trust me . 
  the point is not to let the spoilt children of the public sector who do nothing but scream their heads off about their `` rights '' , scare away the tourists that are the livelihood of many people in the private sector who have been suffering in previous summers . 
  it 's really hard to imagine it if you 've never had it . 
  when i first tried it i loved it but it 's truly hard to categorise it . 
  why do n't you export that ? 
  why ??? 
  fuck your salmon , i want brunost !!!, 
  i tried this liqueur they make , it 's called vana talinn and it was seriously good stuff . 
  bon jovi should pay me to sit through their concert . 
  i watched lordi live in the arena and it was insane . 
  even though the crowd was not metal friendly they loved these guys . 
  i voted for them too mainly because these guys were committed as fuck to their act . 
  the temperature in greece was really high ( easily above 30 degrees ) but the guys never removed their masks and their outfits . 
  there were paps outside their hotel day and night because everybody in greece wanted to see them unmasked and there were lines of kids at the hotel looking for their autographs . 
  it was too funny . 
  it was also hilarious how a greek minister was going to be in the arena to give the award to the winner but when the monsters won he just took off cause he did n't want to be photographed with them and be ridiculed . 
  anouk 's song is really growing on me !, 
  too bad it was n't appreciated enough in the contest . 
  oh man , just listened to montenegro . 
  these guys were robbed , they really should have qualified !, 
  i think it hurt you that the song was too similar to last year 's winner . 
  and as for a ska song doing better , possible . 
  without a voting block you need to rely on the strength of a song as was the case with lena 's win . 
  with us the sixth place was a combination of strong voting block and decent and different song . 
  i do n't think that germany with that song would have been no 6 too but would have probably gotten more points . 
  i for one voted for sebastien tellier in 2008 ( divine ) and it is still one of my fave songs ever . 
  it was just too good for eurovision . 
  loved also les fatals picards - l'amour a la francaise in 2007 . 
  not sure what you 've sent since and i have a feeling it might have been shit : /, 
  alcohol is free !, 
  even before phone voting greece and cyprus would always give the 12 points to each other . 
  it was a disgrace esp since most of the songs were total crap . 
  london 2 . 
  rome 3 . 
  bergen been to paris and i liked it but would n't go back . 
  ditto for vienna . 
  being greek i will not vote for athens but it 's really much better than the news would have you believe . 
  well , according to reports , his mother claims that he is autistic . 
  i do wonder what the hotel was thinking hiring an autistic entertainer if that is the case . 
  even for a probationary period , no one caught on ? 
  you 're right about flying from milano to sofia . 
  i found them tickets that are only 177 eur for both of them !, 
  what sucks is that they would only be able to stay in monte carlo from 19:00 to 6:00 am the next day if they have any hope of catching that particular flight : / i 'll tell him to look for a good travel agent in nantes and they should really be able to help him with prices and with deciding on whether an interrail pass would be a good idea . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i have finally decided on monaco - milano - beograd - sofia as well , it is the only route that makes sense . 
  now if i could only find prices and also figure out if an interrail pass would be any use to them ... 
  does n't help that i have very little experience with train travel . 
  just two wishes ? 
  we need a major overhaul !, 
  i 'll see what i can do : 1 ) i would make greeks more lawful and civil minded and stop tax evasion 2 ) i would get them to focus on making this a great country and stop blaming everyone else for our problems . 
  however , i kinda wish i could also make them stop smoking or at least respect smoking bans , as a non smoker i really suffer here .
