  that flight stayed in my mind because it was such a wtf moment to find out there would be smoking on the plane . 
  all my other flights to france had been air france and there had been nothing like that and of course unless i had no choice i was avoiding flying olympic if i could . 
  again , this was olympic airways where they had [ a passenger die from smoke inhalation in 1998 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olympic_airways_flight_417 ) . 
  they sure liked their cigs !, 
  you 'd be surprised to know that according to statistics it is actually a minority that smokes now . 
  something like 40 % but those fuckers smoke a lot !, 
  and the majority just puts up with it . 
  i was in a smoking olympic flight in 2000 . 
  but i really think it must have been one of the very last . 
  it was from athens to paris . 
  when they asked the guy in front of me `` smoking or non smoking '' his eyes bugged out , he cried out `` smoking !! '', 
  and then `` where can i buy cigarettes ? '', 
  i 'm not sure this applies to acts of treason . 
  but i really do n't know ... 
  i just do n't trust our current government not to simply return them with a bow . 
  crap , i do n't want them returned to be executed : /, 
  i 'm with you , man . 
  bring on robotic trains . 
  i want these guys fired so badly !, 
  people with businesses in the centre are losing their mind with how many losses they are having because of this bullshit . 
  tourists are tired of this shit with trying to figure out when they can take the metro and finding it closed all the time . 
  low income people who rely on transportation to make it to the jobs need to pay for taxis or whatever the fuck because those fuckers are striking yet again . 
  road traffic is insane with how many people were forced to take their car today cause of this shit . 
  just fire all of them . 
  may i ask a bit more about your methodology ? 
  what words did you start your questions with ? 
  he says . 
  i 'll make a tub of tzatziki and homemade pita bread to dip in it . 
  i put a ton of garlic in the tzatziki so there will be no kissing , not even talking to any civilised person for about 2 days after . 
  she won by the skin of her teeth . 
  if you see the voting for that competition on youtube , it is out of this world how close they were with the english song right to the last vote . 
  i watched it not knowing for sure who had won then and the suspense was insane !, 
  yaaaay , go televoting !, 
  my main musical preference is actually metal but i am very open minded . 
  only chance for uk to host it again one day with the crap they 've been sending . 
  just finished listening to all the songs to prepare . 
  belgium - lively but forgettable czechia - meh the netherlands - sweet but they can do much better azerbaijan - repectable but it would take a miracle for this to win armenia - i kinda like this !, 
  and what a pretty girl !, 
  hungary - zzzzzzz italy - typical italian entry . 
  nice but nothing special israel - i can see why it made it to the final but i do n't see it doing that great bulgaria - what a cute girl !, 
  love the song too , i can see being played in clubs malta - meh sweden - my guess is that they do n't want to host it again so soon . 
  germany - what is this sailor moon shit ? 
  i do n't like her voice and the song is bleh . 
  france - omg , i want his babies , what a handsome man !!!, 
  i guess the song is ok , whatever amir , marry me !!!, 
  spain - blech . 
  toilet break song poland - boring was my first thought but it 's sorta growing on me australia - it 's ok cyprus - love this !, 
  i 'm totally ok with greece giving it 12 points . 
  austria - definitely working that brigitte bardot resemblance . 
  song is ok . 
  i like the chorus but the rest , not so much georgia - holy crap i love this . 
  it will probably do badly , too noisy for eurovision but i love it !, 
  serbia - nothing special lithuania : do n't like it croatia - this is a rather nice melody but her voice reminds me of the singer from cranberries and i hate cranberries russia - very forgettable latvia - club song i can see having a career outside of eurovision . 
  his accent is kinda bad . 
  uk : awful , just awful, 
  good luck with modern greek . 
  you 're gon na need it ... 
  i get `` am i doing it right '' but what is the first sentence ? 
  so you 're here on holiday ? 
  you can afford holidays , that 's nice . 
  dude ? 
  wtf ? 
  it 's weird , when i think of the dutch my first thoughts are that they are all tall and ride bicycles . 
  do you at least fit those stereotypes ? 
  meh , did n't leave much of an impression . 
  maybe i should have another listen . 
  listened to a recap of all the songs and it seems like a very weak year . 
  ca n't find even one song to really like . 
  san marino is pretty catchy and georgia quite intriguing . 
  also denmark maybe does n't suck , we 'll see, 
  i can see it working as a line `` i am part hungarian , if you know what i mean '', 
  the disparity between hungary and romania is disturbing even though they are just next to each other . 
  i do n't know the girl but judging from her skin tone and the look of that hair i 'm pretty sure the colour came from a bottle . 
  that 's not germany really , though , it 's those the_donald pricks . 
  poor france :(, 
  could n't find anything that looks like a european flag . 
  gave a pixel to fix finnish flag though !, 
  yeah , outside of the greek national teams and the olympics and national holidays ( and even then ! ), 
  we do n't have the best relationship with our flag , i think . 
  i do n't know what greek canadians do but as a greek in greece my feeling is that we have more of german attitude about it . 
  i blame it on the dictatorship . 
  well , i do n't know how other greeks feel about it but i would n't fly my flag unless it were a national holiday . 
  otherwise it feels weird like my home is a public building , or something . 
  i know people who fly their flags all year round but they are golden dawn . 
  i do n't mean to imply anything about the poster above \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  gypsies ? 
  they definitely have a higher body count than golden dawn . 
  nothing excuses this kind of violence and that far left scum can go fuck themselves . 
  not just on you . 
  it was huuuge in greece . 
  we called it sagma . 
  i can still sing the [ pirate song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dq6ey0v9gk ) . 
  and i 'm still wondering why the hell there 's a frame with a cigarette during the song , that 's just bizarre ... 
  super popular in greece . 
  i had the comic books and loved them . 
  i do n't think i 've seen more than 2-3 episodes of the cartoon . 
  does anyone else member [ sagma ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-nbse2vwsi ) ? 
  i thought it was the shit !!, 
  this one time i was flying to manchester but my luggage ended up in madrid cause the baggage handler misread man for mad . 
  in fact all our luggage ended up switched .
