  i really liked [ joanna lumley 's greek odyssey ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ysekbyfwg ) she went beyond just the islands and showed some places in the mountains i had never seen . 
  awesomeness , love it !, 
  i love adriano celentano !, 
  i remember i watched him in that film where he was some sort of wild child found in the jungle . 
  it was probably crap but i loved it as a kid . 
  i went to france for a semester with the erasmus programme . 
  i spoke the language and it was generally ok . to be honest , i did n't like france very much . 
  i tried and there were a lot of nice people but overall i felt very excluded and people were rude . 
  it was much worse with some of the americans who were there , they would get outright hostility . 
  i also encountered some racism because i 'm olive skinned and people would assume i am algerian and be abusive to me . 
  in all , it was an experience that i was happy to have but france is not a country where i would like to return . 
  i was so happy when i was on the way to the airport that i tipped the taxi driver . 
  guy could n't believe it . 
  is n't a course called `` philosophy '' taught in high school ( \u039b\u03cd\u03ba\u03b5\u03b9\u03bf ) ; i sure remember it but i graduated back in the ice age and it may not exist anymore . 
  is that really the theory , that it is how people sounded before the indo europeans ? 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  i 've also read a theory that the basques are descended from neanderthals ( it made it sound like a good thing ! ), 
  as well as about the fact that it is really strange that they have a very large incidence of rh negative blood and it may have in fact originated there . 
  since i have rh neg blood not sure if that makes me part basque and part neanderthal too ... 
  interesting , i only know alors on danse ( of course ) so i 'll have to check out more stuff from him . 
  i would n't say he reminds me much of brel in any way . 
  i was in kos last year and there were a bunch of very drunk , very fit teenage and early 20s dutchies going around . 
  they were kinda cute , actually , never bothered me . 
  i was just amused that they were so drunk they were hitting on 30 something , pregnant me walking back to the hotel . 
  i would return round midnight or 1 too tired to stay out later and they would already be so incredibly drunk !, 
  but there was no fighting , sex in the streets or any of that , i would n't say they were acting like the brits we get . 
  he did n't know what true greek feta tastes like until he came to greece . 
  it just about killed him . 
  i could never choose just one . 
  i like english because it 's great for communication and i think it 's amazing that it has such a huge vocabulary . 
  french is beautiful and i love that i learnt french if only because i understand jacques brel songs and he was a genius . 
  i loooove the sound of italian and italian songs . 
  spanish is nice but the way it is spoken in spain it does sound like people have a speech impediment . 
  love german because it is so freaking precise and now that i 'm learning norwegian i see that it is a common trait in germanic languages . 
  do n't think that either language sounds particularly nice , though . 
  and from when i was learning turkish i fell in love with the grammar and the whole completely different structure of the language but holy crap it sounds terrible . 
  really ugly . 
  the one with the aliens stood very well with google translate . 
  good one , i think i 've heard it in greek too . 
  there are some people who do n't have a nameday because they have ancient greek names or they are named after flowers or plants etc. 
  in that case they either celebrate at `` all saint 's day '' or they are given a middle name which is christian and they can celebrate during that day . 
  in a way though you are right about there being a static and finite pool of names . 
  the standard thing is for people to name kids after their parents ( the kid 's grandparents ) so the same names are recycled over and over . 
  in highschool in a class of 30 students there would be 5 boys named giorgos , 4 girls named maria and so on . 
  yeah , stupid google translate mangled the punchline ... 
  in all countries hell is pretty standard , they put them in shit and they hit them with whips . 
  so he goes to the greek hell and the guy who greets him is just fine . 
  he asks how come so the greek guy says : `` well , you know , this is greek hell , sometimes they run out of shit , sometimes the whips break ... '', 
  omg `` shut up , you 're next ! '', 
  i love it !, 
   what i find particularly amusing is to listen to foreigners that have learned greek in crete speak it with a cretan accent . 
  while in france i met a couple of belgians who had been vacationing in crete every summer.they came up to me and said '' \u038a\u03bd\u03c4\u03b1 \u03ba\u03ac\u03bc\u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 ; '' i nearly peed myself laughing . 
  i make a crazy good tirokafteri and i 'm with a man who ca n't stand feta . 
  is n't that ironic , do n't you think ? 
   complimentary stuff ( like uzo ) right after or before meals , might just be a tourist thing it is not just a tourist thing . 
  it is done in many restaurants and other places throughout greece during all seasons . 
  it seems like such a random greek figure to know about . 
  how did you learn about her , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  it 's common in greece too . 
  i do n't drive an ambulance so do n't know if it goes as smoothly always but i sure do my best to get out of the way asap if i hear one . 
  cool video . 
  i 'm going with a greek eu joke . 
  so you think that greece has an inferiority complex compared to turkey ? 
  because i 've always thought that we have a superiority complex myself . 
  i 've heard that the greek/turkish debacle was created during the dictatorship of 1967 to 1974 . 
  until then everybody here called it turkish too . 
  then they mounted a huge campaign saying `` we 're greeks and our coffee is greek '' or some such shit . 
  really surprised here too . 
  he 's seen her on the old [ 50 drachma bill ] ( http://img144.imageshack.us/img144/4189/50aob1.png ) ? 
  is he a fan of mimi denisi ? 
  i 've got nothing . 
  oh , yeah , `` forgotten and left to rot '' totally describes santorini . 
  my in laws are foreign . 
  last year we were on holiday in kos and practically no one was issuing receipts . 
  i was really upset and getting into fights pretty much the entire time . 
  this year in naxos i would say that about 80 % or more of the places we went to were giving receipts . 
  except for that crappy , overpriced spanish restaurant called anda jaleo where they gave us a fake receipt and i did n't realise until we were gone . 
  sooo angry at that one , our bill had been 270 eur or so . 
  athens : democracy, 
  i need a throwaway for this one , will get back to you . 
  their language sounds like klingon . 
  we had quite the dress code . 
  girls : nothing above the knee , no exposed shoulders ( short sleeves were fine ) not a lot of makeup , no excessive jewelry . 
  boys : no long hair , nothing longer than a beatle in the early 60s and even that could get you in trouble . 
  no short shorts . 
  now that was my school in the early 90s and in a very conservative area . 
  i think that rules in other schools were a lot more relaxed . 
  what about it ? 
  dubrovnik looks gorgeous , i 'd love to visit someday . 
  my boyfriend 's brother went for a holiday he said it was nice , he was just perplexed with the music choices wherever they went there was music from the 90s . 
  roxette were a particular favourite . 
  was on the german side in wwii . 
  seems to have emerged from the yugoslavian conflict pretty much unscathed . 
  cool flag, 
  they still have majority in parliament so they can pass laws but it is a very small majority . 
  i do n't know when but i do expect to have elections again fairly soon . 
  the democratic left withdrew from the governing coalition and as a result the socialist party ended up with more ministers which replaced the democratic left ministers . 
  the two parties now governing , new democracy and pasok ( socialist party ) have been fighting over a nd mp saying that pasok screwed up the country in the 80s and it is to blame for the crisis now . 
  btw the dude who said all that used to belong in the youth of epen which was a party aligned with the dictatorship in greece and there are pictures of him from those times out hunting communists with an axe . 
  starting on monday there will be new laws to crack down on people riding free on buses .
