  it helps . 
  i love how he asked the guy with the austrian flag on his face where he 's from . 
  the dutch girls are so boring . 
  total pee break song . 
  love the armenia song so much . 
  polish boobs in eurovision again . 
   with that body it 's almost a surprise that she also sings well . 
  based on hotness i 'm going with spain . 
  manel navarro is hot in a sparkly vampire sort of way . 
  as ladies go , holy crap , the azerbaijani lady is awesome . 
  oh , no , do n't get me wrong . 
  i found a riot of greeks pretty funny too . 
  interesting article . 
  first time i finally see an actual list of the dead . 
  i see that there is truth in both sides , the deniers and the people who say there were dead in the uprising . 
  most of the dead that day were due to stray bullets though or random things like heart attacks , etc. 
  from what i hear from people who lived during that time it was extremely dangerous to be walking in the street and there were people shooting everywhere , not all police and army . 
  from scanning that list there were maybe 2 deaths of people who were in the building itself and they came after beatings . 
  not the hundreds of deaths we were told about from when the door fell in , etc. 
  i think even calling them riots is too much . 
  protests are rarely that violent or widespread . 
  some plumbing can handle it , some ca n't . 
  in greek houses or businesses that know their plumbing ca n't handle it you will see waste-paper baskets and that 's where it goes . 
  they are emptied and cleaned regularly . 
  now the greek friends who threw used toilet roll all over the floor were disgusting pigs , sorry . 
  that is not acceptable behaviour anywhere . 
  ignorant , heartless , obese , jesus freaks with a superiority complex . 
  then i met actual americans and they were nice and very far removed from those stereotypes . 
  i had an awesome time in the states . 
  i still think your politics and your culture is kinda fucked up but you think the same about us ... 
  anecdotal but i know a lot of people who jumped ship from pasok and voted nd . 
  many were in the last election and it was probably cause they were afraid of syriza but it 's been happening for years . 
  who do you think were all those undecided ? 
  people who would shift from one major party to the other waiting to see which one would make them a better deal . 
  not happy about it but i believe it . 
  most greek cops are total morons . 
  as for why a tourist was here , he 's not the only one . 
  we had a great number of tourists this summer , in fact the locals at the island of kos where i went on holiday told us that they estimated a 40 % rise in bookings this summer . 
  i understand what you mean but how useful is it for the private sector to have to support an overblown and overpayed public sector with people who are mostly unproductive and have not developed a culture of working ? 
  why should we all bear the burden of this situation any longer while the public sector does nothing but organise strikes that make our life hard ? 
  there are of course many exceptions and people in the public sector who work very hard and are n't payed all that much . 
  but why not trim the fat ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  i 'm no economist , perhaps you are right and it would contribute sharply to the recession . 
  i say we should be firing public servants left and right . 
  people in the private sector are losing their businesses and getting fired . 
  no equivalent measures , just fired outright at best or going under and having to pay back business loans at worst . 
  they do n't deserve this . 
  crap , at first i thought you meant the band ... no one will shoot merkel . 
  just inconvenient for athenians and travelers but it will pass soon . 
  and the people actually protesting are a minority . 
  the majority of greeks will just go to work as normal that day . 
  note to self : do not eat healthy in germany . 
  vegetables and fruit are definitely out . 
  what better excuse to consume my body weight in wurst , 
  wow , that 's norwegian culture alright !, 
  from the 40s , or so . 
  what is a post-seconday history paper ? 
  what do you do on the first day ? 
  michaloliakos spoke about this article in [ his interview to stavros theodorakis ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxwcdeuowb4 ) ( see from 2:44 onwards if you speak greek ) . 
  his ridiculous excuses were : 1 . 
  i did n't write this article , i was getting married that month . 
  my name is under it because that 's what was done , usually but i did n't write . 
  and anyway , 1987 was 25 years ago , even if i had killed someone the statute of limitations would apply 3 . 
  i regret nothing , my name was under an article hailing him as a great leader but he was a great leader to his people and an enemy to ours . 
  and we fought him and i salute everyone who fought against him . 
  then he mentions that where he 's from ( mani in the peloponese , a place where machismo is valued extremely and vedettas - blood revenge - live on almost to this day ) people are proud and being proud himself he would not publically claim to be sorry about anything . 
  then i think he partly denied the holocaust and other fun things . 
  what a fuckhead . 
  it 's not possible to vote in greek elections from abroad . 
  yes , some of them can and do travel to greece to vote but when financial reasons are what drove them away and they have to travel to greece twice in two months like it was in the last elections i ca n't blame people for not incurring the expense . 
  as a victim of a corrupt doctor who took advantage of our desperation to get 4000 euros out of us ( half of that after he knew that my mother was going to die anyway and hid the fact to get the money ) i almost wish i did n't know that they do corrupt doctor beatings too . 
  : / i know what they are but vigilantism has a nice ring to it sometimes when you 've been burned like this . 
  well , that solution did n't work the first time so maybe we need to think outside the box . 
  epic indeed . 
  i like . 
  i knew the name but had never listened to turisas . 
  leave falco out of it . 
  he 's dead and ca n't defend himself . 
  hehe , i knew someone would bring up renaissance but would you say it was in full bloom in 1433 ? 
  ( current islamic year ) i must admit that i know next to nothing about the period . 
  i blame the retarded way i was taught history in greek schools : a crapload about our glorious ancients then we jump to the byzantine empire then we skip 4 centuries or so and learn about the age of enlightenment and eventually the modern greek state ( early 19th century ) and some stuff about the 20th century . 
  what renaissance ... reformation ? 
  what 's that ? 
  ask your random greek student who luther was , they 'll have no clue . 
  give them a break . 
  first of all , the majority are n't nutty like that . 
  second of all , it 's the 15th century according to their calendar . 
  if an advanced alien culture strolled down to earth at the time and saw christian europe in the 15th century they would probably nuke us from orbit . 
  awesome !, 
  i 'm defnitely down with [ miklag\u00e5rd ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es6nsa1fl6c ), 
  these questions are just ... what the ... if i 'm reading this right , kids aged 17-18 years old were asking you all this ? 
  and what 's the deal with the peter pan clothes , that one i ca n't get . 
  were you dressed a bit strange ? 
  thanks for giving the perspective of someone who has experienced both us and european schools . 
  so ... your theory ? 
  i know !, 
  he 's a nice greek young man , probably unemployed since he seems to have spent a lot of time at the beach and he 's marching among all the muslim protesters with a sign warning everyone about the dangers of islam . 
  also typical turkish posturing continuing the bs about disputed zones in the aegean . 
  i 'd say they need better maps but it 's all intentional .
