  this christmas roaming on greek phones for both me and the boyfriend in norway resulted in me getting connected to a random norwegian every time i called my boyfriend . 
  but that was n't fun at all for any of us . 
  well , yes , it sucks but they need to stop blocking the train tracks . 
  yesterday they clashed badly with police and threw rocks that caused significant damage to a police jeep . 
  i do n't know who is providing these bullshit leaflets but they need to be found and stopped . 
  according to the news it 's hard to get them to leave and a lot of them keep going back because of unsubstantiated rumours that the borders will be opening soon . 
  it 's just really hard to get things through to them . 
  i have friends in the police who 've had to deal with things in the camp and they are at the end of their tether with the situation . 
  the worst to them is seeing how children are made to suffer in all this . 
  my friend says he just goes home and hugs his kids and cries almost every night . 
  and we 're talking about an almost 2 m tall dude and real tough looking guy . 
  i know there are radio news segments in albania even know in state radio and i also remember tv news in albanian from the state channels at around the early to mid 90s . 
  i tried but they were very small and fiddly and after having cooked with them the pizza was fishy anyway, 
  pineapple on pizza !, 
  pineapple !, 
  that 's another one that i just do n't get . 
  this one time i ordered pizza and it came with anchovies . 
  i had n't ordered anchovies :( i told them but they would n't replace it and i was just a poor student and had to eat that fishy thing . 
  it 's been almost 20 years but i have n't forgotten . 
  it is !, 
  christmas is huge !, 
  but i 've also been in may for their national day and it was amazing and nice to get a bit better weather . 
  this year i 'm hoping i 'll manage a visit in june . 
  it really is very expensive to live there and to even visit but it 's a gorgeous place and worth it . 
  not full time but my kid is norwegian and i go every christmas . 
  dunno , i 've experienced their public health system twice and both times i was n't very impressed . 
  long waiting - it took 2 days to see a doctor for my kid and he had very high fever - and in my case , useless doctor . 
  i was sick as a dog for a week even after taking the medication i was prescribed . 
  let me add that babis vovos is an epic wanker who puts his name in [ huge , lit letters on top of all the bullshit buildings ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-guna2gkrdcm/upd9siossui/aaaaaaaaa8m/rk7ueprs_ho/s1600/6d80c06683332d7224c00b158b507932.jpg ) he designs . 
  i 'm greek and have been to 9 other countries in europe : omg giant schnitzels with potato salad , i 'll never forget them and sachertorte for dessert !, 
  and langos from street vendors , oh , lord , i miss it so much sometimes . 
  and kaserwurst !, 
  omg , flans , warm baguettes , yummy camembert and brie so cheap . 
  omg , amazing indian food , fish and chips from that one place in oxford street where it did n't suck omg , guinness , guinness and more guinness , kilkenny and pub food , drunk old men dancing , more beer , bailey 's chocolates ( not that it 's hard to find them anywhere else ) omg , karelian pies with warm butter on top , first thing in the morning !, 
  omg , tapas , tapas everywhere !, 
  and churros dipped in chocolate !, 
  omg , brunost , it 's such good stuff !, 
  yummy , yummy frankfurters !, 
  my goodness , this is horrible !, 
  last time i attempted to donate , the first thing they did was check iron levels . 
  it 's just a pinprick test and lasts a few seconds !, 
  the nurse laughed gently at me and sent me on my way . 
  my haematocrit levels were at 30 :( she said a bit lower and they would have to put blood in me , not take mine . 
  i 've donated 2 times before in greece , both times for people who needed it . 
  there is a system in greece where if someone is having an operation or needs blood for whatever reason you can go and donate for their sake . 
  so i have donated once for my mother and once for a co worker 's mother who had cancer and he had ran out of donors to help out and maxed out donations himself . 
  it was a simple process . 
  i showed up , they asked me a few things , checked out my iron and gave me a small snack after . 
  the first time i felt like absolute crap afterwards , really weak and cold . 
  my coworkers had to go and get me some more orange juice . 
  the second time i was n't working after and luckily i had a ride home because i felt a bit woozy . 
  now i ca n't donate with my stupid low iron but if i fix it i will do it again . 
  i have neg rhesus blood and it 's pretty sought ( a - about 7 % only has it in greece ) and since i am not scared of needles and all that and i want to help others it 's something i want to do . 
  but we 'll see , need to fix myself first , as it is my blood would n't do anyone any good ... 
  the joys of being a reproductive age female . 
  yay !, 
  i 'm a cat !, 
  ( the rest sucks but ok ), 
  that guy does n't sound very funny . 
  from the uk , it 's too many to count . 
  the most recent one watched was father brown and the first season was good but the rest was very meh . 
  loved the bridge , must watch the 3rd season too . 
  and i also caught a bit of a french show about politics , it 's called les hommes de l'hombre ( men in the shadows ? ), 
  and it 's very interesting and full of intrigue . 
  and wow , carole bouquet is awesome . 
  wtf , you need better friends . 
  that is in no way mainstream greek sentiment, 
  my knowledge comes from crime shows and stuff but i think we have these things called telomeres and their length indicates actual biological age . 
  oh , yes , pretty much all greeks get upset if you close their car door too forcefully . 
  many greek taxis have signs asking people to close the door gently . 
  i actually researched it and slamming doors is not a very good idea because it might damage the electrical windows and make them start rattling . 
  either way , for me it 's part fear of damage to my car and part that it feels like disrespecting me and really bugs me . 
  it 's a strange cultural bit , i guess . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been in one of those overengineered cars . 
  or i did n't notice . 
  i guess it 's the gesture . 
  there is a belief that slamming car doors damages them and it feels like a huge lack of respect to your property to have someone slam your car door or your trunk shut . 
  in greece it is really rude to slam car doors closed . 
  you need to be gentle . 
  whenever i have foreign friends visiting i get really pissed off with how hard they slam my car doors or the trunk . 
  i guess it 's just a greek thing ? 
  is it ? 
  visitted dublin and galway bout 15 years ago . 
  utterly beautiful . 
  would go back anytime . 
  it is hard to say . 
  probably fyromese . 
  a lot of greeks like turks very much . 
  i like the people but not the government . 
  country : greece favourite neighbour : - least favourite neighbour : i dislike them all in varying degrees . 
  but to be fair , at the moment , i do n't even particularly like greece . 
  i do n't smoke . 
  kills those pesky asthmatics too ... get a freaking tablet !, 
  it 's up to the owners of the establishment to make the decision to enforce non smoking laws . 
  i am part of a fb group where we track non smoking places and update a map and app with their locations so people who have issues with smoke will have an option to go out in the winter . 
  it 's not easy and often a place is marked `` non smoking '' and we go there only to find that things have changed but i truly think that owners who follow the law should be applauded . 
  i also always call beforehand and check with owners whether there will be smoke . 
  i refuse to accept this bs . 
  no , by the late 90s i do n't think many airlines still allowed smoking . 
  i think even olympic had banned it in all their domestic flights .
