  depends where you live . 
  i 'm in a fairly upper class suburb of athens and half the boys we meet are iasonas , achilleas , mathaios etc and the girls are nephele , danae or evelina . 
  even when going for original names greeks name their kids the same things . 
  amon amarth !!!, 
  it 's from byzantine greek from what i 've been told . 
  the word is supposed to have been \u0392\u03c5\u03b6\u03ac\u03c1\u03b9\u03bf\u03bd but the spelling changed with the years . 
  the village where my grandfather is from in crete actually translates to little tit ( vizari ), 
  pic is taken at an angle . 
  facing straight up they would n't look that dickish . 
  i 've never had portuguese food . 
  what is it like ? 
  goddamit now im hungry . 
  i get what you mean . 
  i found a lot of cheaper clothes in the uk than i would have found them in greece . 
  i went all the way to oxford at bicester village designer outlet but it was worth it . 
  if you do decide on athens after all besides ermou i would suggest for you to go to mcarthur glenn athens outlet or to factory outlet which is on the way to the airport ( you can find buses to both ) . 
  you might also find some good deals at the mall athens which is closer to the city and accessible by metro, 
  oh , you bastards , stealing tourists from athens !, 
  shame on you !, 
  shame !, 
  fine , u/pagamel , ermou is kinda shit but there 's no acropolis in thessaloniki and their sea smells . 
  greece cheaper than romania ?!, 
  are branded items ridiculously expensive in romania , or something ? 
  this sounds really off to me . 
  om nom nom nom, 
  because you 're broke , right ? 
  my nicest uber driver in my entire stay in london was polish . 
  he was awesome . 
  that 's john munch , you heathen . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying stop asking for the right to marriage . 
  i 'm saying at least finally there is some legal protection . 
  for what it 's worth , civil partnership ( \u03a3\u03cd\u03bc\u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03bf \u03a3\u03c5\u03bc\u03b2\u03af\u03c9\u03c3\u03b7\u03c2 ) has the same legal standing as a marriage now and it 's finally available to gay couples in greece . 
  the bubbles !, 
  they are adorable !, 
  lamiapolice said : we should start sending songs in greek . 
  i answered : it will be like spring coming !, 
  ( reference to greece 's eurovision entry in 1991 ) no kidding , greek songs with a chorus in english like `` alcohol is free '' would also be great, 
   talvisota oooh , i 'd forgotten this one . 
  very energetic song , i like it . 
  i was joking about final solution . 
  i just like that song so much better than ghost division . 
  i flove the whole album coat of arms , it was my introduction to them so i 'm a bit biased . 
  hehe , i think i 'd give it to australia , no offense but were n't you kinda the bad guys ? 
  i do n't know who gets primo victoria ... what an awesome song . 
  uk , i guess ? 
  sneaky finns , they had been preparing for this their whole lives . 
  loved how in the end one of our ministers , something like that had been there to congratulate the winners but he did n't want to photographed with the monsters ( he had some insane notion that our lady would get it for her shitty ballad , i do n't know ) so he had to get out of there quick, 
  sabaton could just do a eurovision all by themselves . 
  just choose one of their songs for each country . 
  greece - coat of arms poland - uprising ( of course , what a cool song !, 
  warsaw , city at war ! ), 
  finland - white death russia - panzerkampf germany - the final solution ... oh wait ... probably would n't be too thrilled about that :p, 
  they were the favourites that year . 
  i was n't sure but i was actually there for the semi final ( the final tickets were crazy expensive ) and after seeing their performance i had no doubts . 
  the crowd went wild . 
  and they got a lot of `` protest '' televoting from people who were tired of the same old same old . 
  and what i also admire was their dedication . 
  we had hellishly high temperatures in athens those days and the guys were going around in full monster get up even out of the performances . 
  they must have been melting inside . 
  what are you doing in r/europe if you do n't get this joke ? 
  do it for your lava, 
  must have sucked for poor jamala . 
  her song was nice . 
  to be fair , i am happy for portugal for their first win after so many years . 
  and portuguese is such a beautiful language to sing in . 
  did n't like his speech , very condescending, 
  it 's been going on for 40 years , you just noticed ? 
  i do n't hate the portuguese song but i 'm afraid if it wins the next years all the songs will be along the same lines and we 'll die of boredom . 
  well deserved boos for those 12 points to cyprus, 
  they say it in french here too . 
  oh no , israel is leaving ? 
  omfg he mooned us, 
  that little georgian girl was cute as a bug . 
  yeah , sabaton singing about wwii , totally nothing wrong with that picture they should do the entries for all countries . 
  i claim coat of arms ( duh ! ), 
  belgium is a song that can survive eurovision for me . 
  like it a lot . 
  sup with her hair , though ? 
  does n't she own a brush, 
  no worries , you only have 60 years of contests to catch up on . 
  i want to cry this was so bad . 
  the cypriot choreography was kinda shitty, 
  i do n't hate the uk 's song . 
  definitely hope they are not last place again, 
  why are you only just watching it now ? 
  how on earth were you allowed to move to sweden without knowing anyhting about eurovision , you heathen . 
  spain sent cousin lancel lannister pre sparrows, 
  is it me or did he pronounce her name `` dummy '' ? 
  omg i wan na have graham norton 's gay , snarky babies, 
  the fat guy is singing a duet with himself ? 
  omg , the guy who was shrinking vegetables !!, 
  jeez i like the portuguese guy but he looks like he votes for syriza, 
  omg , that yodeling shit made it past the semis ??? 
  noooooo, 
  jesus , italy ca n't get with the times , can they ? 
  when was this thing written ? 
  wrong gypsy . 
  you need aziz for that . 
  gypsy khal and epic violin lady ? 
  drink .
