  lamb baked in the oven with rice . 
  not bad but a bit too fatty . 
  will make this with goat next time . 
  i still ca n't believe they want to take out greco-roman wrestling while crap like trampolining and synchronised diving are olympic sports . 
  in greece people are surprised at those who dare have children . 
  they are very expensive and most people ca n't really afford to have kids anymore . 
  not to mention that instead of benefits the state pretty much points and laughs at you when you do have a kid . 
  thanks !, 
  actually , i think i have seen quite a bit of eisai to tairi mou , it was very funny . 
  i had confused it with dyo ksenoi which i loathed and must have watched one episode tops . 
  still drawing a blank at 50-50 so might take a look at it . 
  i have n't really watched either but there are some old comedy shows i enjoyed such as to dis eksamartein , dolce vita , egklimata and a few others . 
  and some dramatic shows like o apon were pretty good . 
  ok , they were n't super nice but i would n't call them rude . 
  the shocking thing was that almost no one held the door for the next person which nearly ended up with me getting hit a few times . 
  and people were generally not as nice as they had been in smaller places i visited ( mainly the town of princeton ) . 
  in general i found americans extremely polite and friendly and service i got in stores was amazing . 
  compared to your average european i thought even new yorkers were rather nice . 
  oh , yes , greek tv is total crap . 
  i have n't even owned a tv for the last 2 years and i 'm much happier for it . 
  i would not recommend papakaliatis or something like that :d i think to nisi got a bit soapy and overdrawn esp . 
  near the end but i think it is a beautifully shot series with some strong performances and interesting subject matter . 
  the book was written by a brit but to nisi was a very good greek production based on victoria hislop 's the island which is mainly set in a leper colony in crete . 
  here 's its imdb page http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1708523/combined not sure about torrent availability and subtitles but hopefully you 'll figure it out if interested, 
  i do n't know where the anti-dutch sentiment is coming from here but i remember it all the way back in 1991 or so when your government sided with turkey over something or other and there was a boycott of dutch products . 
  i know that in general before the crisis greeks had a fairly decent rep. hopefully other europeans will see eventually that we 're not really like the stereotypes . 
  another greek perspective : italians : closest to us , they rule and we love them like brothers . 
  spaniards : revolutionary , sexy , we love them french : sophisticated , good lovers belgian : nice chocolates . 
  almost as cool as the french . 
  british : reserved . 
  gay . 
  or drunk low class 18-35 crowd having sex on the street . 
  ugly women . 
  germans : organised , inflexible , hard workers but heartless . 
  terrible lovers . 
  swedes : liberal to the extreme , nudists , sexually adventurous , beautiful promiscuous women , boring men who do n't know how to satisfy them norwegians : their girls are almost as good as swedish girls but probably less slutty dutch : tulips , pot , we believe they hate greeks and we hate them back irish : good drinkers , fun people , we 've probably never met any but we love them anyway, 
  they probably just got the egg part ... 
  i 'm sorry for your experience . 
  if it helps , it 's not something they do only to foreigners . 
  i 've been out with allergic friends and explained to the staff in greek about my friends ' allergies and have often been ignored . 
  one is allergic to onions so it 's a nightmare ordering any greek food , another is deathly allergic to oranges and somehow waitstaff and restaurants often manage to screw it up . 
  i refuse to patronise establishments like that and i usually leave very negative reviews on tripadvisor , etc but i 'm sure many tourists have had negative experiences like yours because some restaurants just ca n't be bothered to hire decent staff . 
  i do n't really have one answer to that . 
  i loved the feel of the city and that there is so much to do and it was clean and felt very safe unlike the image of it i had from movies etc. 
  you should totally visit !, 
  italy . 
  i fell in love with rome . 
  it is my second favourite city in the world after new york . 
  extremely friendly people , culture , great weather . 
  have been and would also consider living there norway , uk , ireland , spain , maaaybe finland have been and would not really want to live there france ( with some exceptions , for example strasbourg was awesome ) , austria ( the country is gorgeous but the people ... 
  i just felt very unwelcome there ) , germany ( not bad , just meh but might change if i ever get to visit berlin , i think i would love it ), 
  idiots , golden dawn is doing it for free !, 
  like we need some foreign mercenary force to come and beat up all the brown people . 
  i 'm really not at all shy and i live in athens ... 
  however , i last participated in the dating scene in 2003 or so . 
  it is possible that i have truly outdated info . 
  my impression from friends who currently try to meet people in clubs etc it 's that it 's extremely hard in greece compared to other countries or that they only meet some serious creeps they never want to see again . 
  introverts ? 
  really ? 
  according to other scandinavians ( swedes and norwegians ) i 've heard danes described as sausage-eating beach bums who just party all the time . 
  have i been misinformed ? 
  dunno what google translate will make of this but there you go . 
  source in greek : http://news.in.gr/greece/article/?aid=1231228318 as for chickpeas , i cook them as a thick soup with olive oil , onions and plenty of lemon and it [ does n't look like much ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-uwbckgdjnma/twjuimx57ii/aaaaaaaacgu/-qz2j52vqva/s1600/revithia-soupa.jpg ) but it 's fantastic . 
  though they are also good baked with some tomato sauce and green peppers . 
  dating scene is ... odd . 
  i think that it is usually really hard to chat up and pick up someone in a bar/club . 
  the typical thing is to meet people through mutual friends . 
  i do n't think there are many one night stands as there is still somewhat prudish attitude . 
  or there could be a lot more one night stands than i now and women do n't advertise them not to be branded as sluts . 
  as for what the women are like , i am one so i ca n't be objective . 
  i think a greek guy would be better equipped to answer this one . 
  guy confessed . 
  he 's fully greek , he acted alone and he was a neighbour of the woman 's parents so my guess is he 's had his eye on her for a while . 
  what a psycho !, 
  i do n't get the chickpeas thing ... 
  i eat chickpeas . 
  lots of greeks eat chickpeas . 
  chickpeas are awesome . 
  i do n't think i have ever been to church on christmas in greece . 
  i do n't know any greek who has either . 
  i think it 's really early in the morning so only old people bother . 
  but a lot of people go to church on easter , even people who do n't go to church at all otherwise . 
  i really hope we 'll find our way up after hitting the bottom and that we wo n't start digging :(, 
  i do n't mind at all . 
  if i 'm in their line of vision and they glance at my breasts , big deal . 
  what are they supposed to do to avoid it ? 
  if they are being creepy and staring intently it 's a different matter . 
  similarly , if i 'm at a nudist beach i wo n't stare at all the men . 
  that 's just rude . 
  i did n't know the old crone was still alive . 
  no big surprise here , her husband was a major thief . 
  i bet his third wife , dimitra liani has a nice amount stashed somewhere too . 
  crying too hard to type here . 
  heartbreaking . 
  respect for finland for doing this . 
  i think the sympathy vote will carry this to the final but there 's no way it will win . 
  even more unusual winners were more melodic than this . 
  i do n't see this kind of song having a chance, 
  i 'd heard it embellished as in someone saying `` he just made a stupid joke , please laugh '' so definitely find it hard to believe that someone would have done that . 
  if you do n't mind sharing , what is the most stressful situation you 've ever been in ?
