  8000 years ago they were probably eating people legs too . 
  there are many varieties of olives . 
  you could try a few more if you feel like it . 
  my boyfriend does n't like them either but he has tried some varieties and there were some he liked . 
  but really , olives are not essential in any of the dishes that were posted  you do n't like , you do n't put . 
  we need to start taking children away from roma families , stat . 
  the kind of shit they do is child abuse , plain and simple . 
  it is not cultural or what have you , it is child abuse and no child deserves this life . 
  i put zero olive oil in tzatziki and it still comes out crazy good . 
  for lentil salad you could just season it with some lemon juice and/or vinegar . 
  no matter what utter shite greece has sent to eurovision over the years we were certain to get 12 points from cyprus . 
  always !, 
  where was that ? 
  there was no clear , strict dress code in my uni but i never saw anyone in pyjamas . 
  very few people were in flip flops , mostly girls wearing those leather fancy flip flops etc. 
  there is frontex but clearly they are not doing enough . 
  yes as in you agree or that you would go to work in your slippers ? 
  only appropriate if you work at home , imho . 
  flip-flops are fine for the beach or to wash your balcony but completely inappropriate in other settings . 
  you would n't go to work in your slippers , would you ? 
  i agree with banning flip-flops cause those things are vile . 
  but the rest is too much . 
  the turks i know who live in athens ( a couple and two single guys ) are doing fine . 
  one of them is actually from northern cyprus and he has a souvlaki place in a northern suburb . 
  he 's never had any issues . 
  anecdotal , i know but i think that the greek and turkish people are getting closer in later years and also that besides all propaganda the fact that there are all those turkish soaps on tv has softened the climate . 
  turkey to greece actually work a hell of a lot better than you might think . 
  i know turkish immigrants here and for the most part they have assimilated extremely well . 
  there are many things that set us apart but in general greek culture and european turkish culture is pretty similar . 
  in terms of cultural experiences i would understand far better a turk than say a swede . 
  i 'm greek . 
  my expat friends esp . 
  those who do n't speak the language ( at all or not that well ) say that greece is not really that welcoming . 
  it has nothing to do with golden dawn , more that greek society gives an illusion of being open and very friendly but in reality it is very hard to integrate here . 
  it can take many years . 
  it would probably be easier in a rural area . 
  she did n't hit him out of the blue , she was reacting to the fact that he had just thrown a glass of water at another woman in the panel . 
  and it has nothing to do with being a woman , his reaction would have been extreme even if he had punched out a man for just hitting him with a rolled up newspaper like a puppy . 
  there is such a thing as using equal force . 
  she hit him with a rolled up newspaper !, 
  his reaction was a bit extreme . 
  13/20 here but a lot were just luck . 
  cool quiz !, 
  you can live just fine in greece and stay within that budget but if finding a job is in your plans too , forget about it . 
   armes deutschland poor germany ? 
  care to give some background ? 
  if i 'm reading this right , do people really say that life was better under franco ? 
  it 's satire but very close to the truth and can be heard [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7nwkwvafly ), 
  `` you voted for some ugly people from finland who should not even be in this competition and you do n't vote for me because i 'm not a slag from holland or an ugly fucking old bitch from sweden . 
  fuck you . '', 
  lol , had to go back and check it out again , i remember it made the news here . 
   ( but it makes software localisation difficult , because the english-speaking developer designed the ui to fit the short english dialogue , and the greek translation will not fit whatever tricks you try to pull . 
  been there oh , man tell me about it ... 
  worst is on cellphones . 
  indeed . 
  also printer firmware . 
  i 've translated a ton of it and i always get grief from people cause they can make absolutely no sense of the error they are getting . 
  easy : grammar hard : prepositions and spelling, 
  the girl they sent to greece in 2006 was booed . 
  people did n't know it was an act and thought she really was a spoilt princess type . 
  i was in the audience at the semi and facepalmed very hard . 
  dunno , is their economy up to staging it ? 
  it 's not a cheap show . 
   wychwood brewery i had king goblin a few weeks ago and it was crazy good !, 
   ` do n't step on my foot , i 'm wearing flip-flops ' lmao !, 
  i agree , neda is very good . 
  i actually rather like red mythos ( but ca n't find it anywhere , maybe they do n't make it anymore :( ) and black fix is also quite decent . 
  greece do n't drink that mythos crap . 
  just do n't , it 's awful . 
  most of the other popular greek beers like fix ( though dark fix is quite decent ) , alpha and vergina are also basically just uberweak , crappy lagers . 
  if you end up at a bar with proper greek beer try septem , craft ( esp the red ale ) or zeos . 
  in general , there are some greek microbreweries that are really worth a try . 
  ** edit ** must also say that the most popular beer in greece remains heineken so you can see that my compatriots are n't exactly familiar with what a proper beer should taste like . 
  explains the downvotes , i suppose . 
  - alaska dear lord , what is this boy george/nina hagen hybrid ? 
  song is pretty cool and quintessential 80s nacha pop - la chica de ayer awww , just love this one , so cool !, 
  hombres g devuelveme a mi chica the vocals are a bit distracting with that high pitched voice , just ca n't take it seriously though it 's not a bad song salta - tequila yikes , with that video for a moment i thought i was looking at full frontal on those dancing girls . 
  very nice beat , i like the song radio futura - escuela de calor no thanks maneras de vivir - rosendo rock . 
  i like . 
  hijo de la luna - mecano huh , had no idea this was written in the 80s , thought it was traditional or something . 
  btw your link leads to something else by that band rozando la eternidad - duncan dhu sounds very familiar but not sure where i might know it from . 
  not bad . 
  d\u00e9jame - los secretos quite the unibrow on that singer . 
  song is just ok y t\u00fa de qui\u00e9n eres - no me pises que llevo chanclas reggae sound and really weird singing . 
  is the guy gypsy ? 
  is this singing normal in traditional songs , or something ? 
  idoli - malj\u010diki flove this . 
  soooo cool !, 
  dorian gray - sjaj u tami not crazy about the style of singing but it 's a solid song . 
  ekaterina velika - krug so familiar , like i 've always known it . 
  cool beat !, 
  ~ ~ i really like everything , actually ! ~ ~ ( ok , not really , elektri\u010dni orgazam - igra rokenrol cela jugoslavija and psihomodo pop - ja volim samo sebe not so much but the rest is ace ) i had no idea you guys had such cool music . 
  lis s\u00f8rensen - mine \u00f8jne only lasted a few seconds , sorry kim larsen - midt om natten emi blocked me , the bastard !, 
  one two - midt i en dr\u00f8m these guys sound like roxette . 
  catchy anne linnet - for\u00e5rsdag i like her voice . 
  the song is a bit boring but nice , sounds cute like something out of a disney musical lars lilholt - kald det k\u00e6rlighed quite nice and catchy one two - den bedste tid lol , the video is so 80s . 
  gah , this song is even worse than the first one from them that i heard laban - kold som is i know this one , i must have heard it in english !, 
  aww , the synths , the 80s fashion , so cool . 
  love it !, 
  dodo and the dodos - v\u00e5gner i natten meh anne linnet - barndommens gade nothing special,
