  that 's weird , i 'd never heard of that !, 
  well , she does have to have a good singing voice too so she it 's not just about popularity , i suppose . 
  how is the choosing done , does the school choose her or do the students get to vote ? 
  for what it 's worth , my main focus was n't bullying , i was asking my fellow europeans whether in their country they had school sanctioned `` popularity contests '' such as homecoming kings , queens etc , prom kings and queens and the students being encourage to vote for who is most likely to succeed etc. 
  also cheerleaders since it is another thing that can make girls feel like crap about themselves . 
   kind of like finnish has a pronoun for he/she , but everyone uses the one for ` it ' when you refer to other people in speech , because using he/she would sound like you 're from the 18th century . 
  wow , that 's fascinating , i have no idea !, 
  finnish sounds so exotic and difficult to me . 
  i was lucky to visit finland with a local so i never had communication problems ( though you guys speak excellent english and i would have been fine anyway ) . 
  but finnish is not a language that i would ever feel brave enough to tackle , i think ... 
   - around december it 's common to use a political excuse ( and we had plenty in the berlusconi 's era ) to occupy the school for a few days , stealing the keys and sleeping inside . 
  it 's almost a tradition , parents , teachers and the police are usually cool with it . 
  aha , you do that too ... 
  it 's very common in greek schools and universities . 
  in some cases the teachers would instigate it because they wanted some time off with full pay . 
  it 's been so overused there is no meaning to it whatsoever . 
  there 's also been cases of extensive vandalism , abuse of school telephone lines and very few cases of violence ( at least one rape ) as a taxpayer ( yes , i 'm greek and i do pay my taxes fully ! ), 
  i really want this bullshit to end . 
  it 's fascinating that you had this totally relaxed attitude with your teachers and that was ok . 
  in greece it would definitely not be ok to address a teacher as anything other than mr/mrs ... and we would never , ever drop polite plural when addressing them . 
  i think that bullying exists in european schools and also that there are american schools where it ca n't be that bad . 
  movies always exaggerate . 
  haha , poor ` muricans . 
  as a greek i 'm totally used to this too . 
  we have a completely relaxed attitude towards alcohol . 
  also , our boy scouts organise beer festivals . 
  alcohol you say ? 
  yeah , i do n't think this sounds american at all . 
  how swedish is it , though , i thought you guys tend to regulate alcohol a lot . 
  surprised your teachers would be this tolerant . 
  or was it only for students who had turned 18 ? 
  wtf man i ca n't even imagine . 
  what were the adults thinking !, 
  do you know if it is normally done in elemantary school or were your teachers extra sadistic ? 
  what country ? 
  this is europe . 
  there are sex scenes with naked boobs in bus commercials . 
  when did we become fucking iran !? 
  i 'm completely disgusted !, 
  they also set cinemas on fire when the last temptation of christ was showing . 
  greek orthodox can be pretty rabid . 
  on paper there is a decision to build a mosque since 2006 . 
  as for the church , i am not aware of this donation , from what i know they blocked the building of a mosque before 2004 when saudi arabia was willing to build a mosque in spata . 
  i was n't that crazy about having a great big mosque be the first thing people see as their plane lands on athens international airport but at least we would n't have had to foot the bill for it . 
  there are thousands of legal muslim immigrants and expatriates who have nowhere to practise their religious duties . 
  this is unacceptable in a european capital . 
  what 's happening here , some sort of moron convention ? 
  first of all , not all muslims deserve to suffer because we have issues with the turks ( take that with your mom though who 's probably watching 10 different turkish soap operas on tv right now ) second , [ there are churches in istanbul ] ( http://www.omogeneia-konstantinoupoli.com/church/id/stavrodrom.html ) , functioning and everything . 
  there is not a single legal mosque in greece ? 
  must be news in thrace and the muslim minority there . 
  my guess is you mean athens but that 's nothing to be proud about . 
  a mosque should have been built in athens ages ago . 
  and being proud of our record for racial violence , is n't that nice . 
  maybe it 's too expensive ? 
  no apology needed . 
  or rather , i should apologise too for the crap that 's been appearing in greek tabloids about germany . 
  i have n't stayed in germany for very long ( 3 days in frankfurt in december 2010 that were not by choice , we were stuck at the airport ) but i liked what i saw and would n't call people rude . 
  as for what happened with my cousin , it 's possible people were just uneasy and could n't think of anything nice to say about him being greek . 
  : / who can blame them with all this stupid propaganda . 
  well , greek tabloids have been busy photoshopping merkel in nazi uniforms so i do know what you mean . 
  :( what a load of crap . 
  i just felt so bad for my poor cousin because he 's a very friendly guy and had been looking so much forward to this holiday . 
  still , later in his trip norwegians were very nice and there were some cool people along the way , mostly fellow travelers . 
  and he just loved poland and polish people . 
  and it could be that people in germany were just awkward upon hearing he 's greek and could n't think of anything nice to say so just left it at that . 
  it 's not like they threw rocks at him or anything ... 
  i think i will visit someday . 
  my only prolonged stay in germany was in december 2010 when i got stuck at frankfurt airport for 3 days cause the weather was crap . 
  i thought that the city was quite nice and people were polite and helpful considering the situation . 
  eat gelato ( italian ice cream ) . 
  lots and lots of gelato . 
  they were n't youths , they were [ 45 and 48 years old ] ( http://news.kathimerini.gr/4dcgi/_w_articles_ell_100028_15/05/2012_482257 ) and dead drunk . 
  not that it excuses anything . 
  the guy was 78 and hurt badly . 
  for what it 's worth , there have n't been any similar attacks since . 
  i would love to visit berlin someday but i am not sure i would be welcome as a greek . 
  my cousin went on a motorcycle holiday in northern europe in july and august and says that germans were extremely rude and nasty to him when they found out he was greek . 
  similar in denmark and some parts of sweden . 
  i rated dutch food as not so good . 
  it was just slightly more palatable than most british stuff i have tried . 
  i have been to belgium but did n't stay very long . 
  excellent chocolate but most of the other things i tried were n't so good . 
  and to be honest , my only exposure to czech food was one restaurant . 
  it was really good but it might be that one place . 
  how is this a troll , i do n't know but thanks for telling me 10 days later . 
  you obviously feel strongly about the matter ... 
  hehe , old enough to not know the first thing about computer games . 
  but it is also lack of interest , i suppose . 
  thanks for explaining animus . 
  i figured it had to be something geeky . 
  googled but it did n't help ... and i must say i do n't actually remember the dictatorship , i 'm not that ancient , lol . 
  mwa ha ha , that 's epic !, 
  the 3 experts agree !, 
  similar story : back in 2005 i was working in a greek translation office . 
  easily the worst work environment i have ever been in and my best example of how not to run a business . 
  the moron owner hired his friend to be a director . 
  the friend had zero experience in translation or even knowledge of what it involves . 
  among the many moronic things he did ... we had to translate something from dutch to greek . 
  we could find someone for dutch to english and we would translate the english to greek . 
  not the best way but what can you do .
