  and also , have you ever misheard anything and given the wrong interpretation ? 
   on very rare occasions , you can ask the listener to laugh politely ... i 've never done that , but i can see why it might be the best option in some cases !, 
  seriously ? 
  people do that ? 
  i 'd heard about it but thought it was a legend , lol . 
  i 'm very surprised about france being so high . 
  and that austria and germany are slimmer than sweden . 
  you bring a syrian interpreter to talk to that alleged syrian and ask him all sorts of questions about syria . 
  accent will give them away not to mention that some people do n't even speak arabic cause they are from pakistan , or whatever . 
  very good !, 
  some variations : you can mix some red vinegar with the olive oil . 
  if you like capers you can add a few on top , they really add to the taste . 
  if for whatever reason you wan na make a greek salad but you 're out of cucumbers , you can substitute with sliced pickled cucumbers . 
  or just add some for the hell of it . 
  i keep a jar of them in the fridge for those times when i forget to buy cucumbers or i go to use one and it 's gone bad . 
  you do n't have to use green peppers . 
  it 's totally ok without . 
  in fact , i think i prefer it without myself . 
  lettuce , never , ever , it 's an abomination !, 
  it 's much cooler yesterday and today , thank dog . 
  i just wan na know what klootviool is , it sounds awesome . 
  ... also , we all draw caricatures of mohammed , all day , every day . 
  he 's not kidding about the heat . 
  i 'm melting . 
  i 'm not sure about the favourite breed in greece . 
  my guess would be german shepherd . 
  also a lot of greeks buy huskies cause they think they look cool . 
  poor animals suffer immensely in greek heat . 
  we have lots and lots of mutts . 
  would prefer to see mutts getting some love than all those people who get bred dogs . 
  meh , either way , cats are better . 
  how could anyone be proud of this ? 
  proud of killing children ? 
  wtf ? 
  it made me hate chechens with a passion . 
  objectively , i 'm sure they have suffered too and ca n't all be raving , murdering loonies but the murdering loonies are the only chechens i 've ever seen . 
  varg vikernes is not visiting poland by any chance ? 
  i know it exists but have never actually watched any and i think no one in greece actually knows anything about it , or cares . 
  i saw wheelchair rugby in the paralympics in athens and it was actually really cool . 
  how did you decide on karpathos ? 
  i hear it 's amazing but i do n't think that many foreign tourists know about it . 
  bookings from greek tourists did drop a significant amount or were postponed . 
  many people had to change destinations or forgo holidays altogether once capital controls came . 
  i do n't want to discount anyone 's experience but i think this might have been true until mid 00 's at the most . 
  i have bulgarian friends and know bulgarians living here and none of them have ever told me of anything like that happening to them in later years nor have i ever seen them being discriminated against . 
  i was wondering what those jewish fighter jets were doing there !, 
  she has such a big heart !, 
  lucky dog !, 
  very well known in greece . 
  it was beyond horrifying . 
  i think it depends on where you go . 
  there are countless sandy beaches all over greece . 
  i mean , if that is your main thing , try zante , the entire island is full of gorgeous sandy beaches . 
  there must be some rocky beaches in turkey too . 
  also some people see pebbled beaches as a plus cause they ca n't stand sand getting everywhere , lol . 
  for what it 's worth , a friend of mine was visiting istanbul when the bombing took place and she did n't notice a thing . 
  she said that it was a wonderful holiday . 
  but of course you do n't want the stress of feeling like a target with the way things have been going lately . 
  it 's horrible to see turkey in the hands of islamists . 
  i have met some wonderful turkish people and i only wish them the best . 
  talk about darwinism in action !, 
  in mainland greece in many towns by the sea it 's awful . 
  you wo n't get cholera , or something , but it 's not for drinking !, 
  have had corinthos water ? 
  with islands , many big islands are fine but still in some parts by the sea you 're better off buying bottled water . 
  on most islands in greece and in many towns by the sea it is not safe to drink the water . 
  in fact in corfu i would n't even make coffee with it , it tasted that gross . 
  i live in athens and the tap water is fine here . 
  if it was truly about staying in the euro or not then that should have been the question in the referendum . 
  then we 'd know what the no was worth . 
  tsipras had no mandate to leave the euro so he did the best he could . 
  i do n't really understand it either . 
  most of the oxi voters i know were angry afterwards when tsipras came up with a proposal that was pretty much a yes . 
  they acted following mostly their emotions and they are still angry and i have n't seen anyone express regret for their original oxi vote , quite the opposite . 
  most of them seem to have crossed over to a pro grexit stance based mainly on how their feelings are so hurt . 
  all the people i know who are operating on hard logic were yes voters or chose to abstain from the referendum to begin with so i just do n't know . 
  might as well do this while it 's still euros in my wallet ... 7 1-5 cents coin , all greek 4 10 cent coins , 3 greek , 1 german 2 20 cent coins , 1 greek , 1 german 2 50 cent coins , 1 greek , 1 german i usually have more variety , then again , i usually have more coins ... 
  cut pensions even more ? 
  what are we going to do with our old people , euthanise them ? 
  screw the military and esp . 
  the church , churches can fund themselves . 
  but not old people , come on !, 
  politically the yes vote meant as many different things as the no vote did . 
  because this was a bullshit referendum . 
  i ca n't speak for all greeks but i personally really dislike potami and feel that it 's full of wankers with wanker supporters . 
  politically , it is sort of close to my own political beliefs without the wear and tear that new democracy and pasok suffered from all the years they were running things . 
  but i could never see potami gaining the sort of popularity syriza got and having a go at running things . 
  possibly in elections down the line we could see a coalition between new democracy , potami and whatever is left of pasok but it 's kinda hard to tell . 
  you were asked your opinion on a proposal that was no longer on the table . 
  you were asked to do the government 's job for them and study a document and provide an opinion on measures that you were not in a position to understand . 
  made . 
  sense . 
  the entire week leading up to the stupid thing i felt like i must be taking crazy pills . 
  now the feeling has just intensified . 
  i mean it was essentially `` do you agree with this proposal that we did n't agree to because we did n't know if you would agree to it but how about we waste another week and more money on this referendum to see whether you would have agreed '' nevermind that in the meantime the country will go bankrupt . 
  wtf ever , i think i need more crazy pills now . 
  hey , i am a yes voter . 
  i have never cheated on my taxes and i 've been working very hard for the last 15 years to build something , to add to the economy that just taxes the hell out of me to pay for the public sector . 
  i believe that greece 's future is in europe and not with putin or the chinese or whoever tsipras is going to flirt with next . 
  and do n't you tell me that the crisis has n't affected me .
