  man , sometimes i wish i lived in a world as simple as yours . 
  i honestly wonder how it must feel to live in your head . 
  does it feel like when i 'm drunk or stoned ? 
  or is it more like some sort of emotional overflow , where one is n't really able to think straight ? 
  the raf were literally a handful of people . 
  look at how long ira and eta have stayed alive , then look at the scale of islamic terrorism on this planet , then tell me there 's an easy way out of this mess . 
  you 're either being dishonest or delusional . 
   france must simply learn to live with terrorism . 
  but is n't that kinda accurate ? 
  france and the rest of europe , for that matter . 
  if the past year is n't proof of that to you , i do n't know what is . 
  how you jump from that sad but true piece of reality , to giving up on fighting terrorism is n't quite clear to me , though . 
  i mean look at how long relatively small organizations like the ira or eta stayed alive . 
  do you think a lack of commitment to fight these groups was to blame for that ? 
  it 's just not as easy as you 'd like ... at least not if you want to keep your liberties ( i assume turning our societies into police states is generally out of the question , do we agree here ? ) . 
  and , as opposed to the two examples i just mentiones , in the case of islamic terrorism we 're talking millions of potential recruits , all over the globe . 
  the scale of that problem is simply too fucking huge for it to just go away with some good old law and order . 
  it wo n't go away for a long time . 
  it 's a shame that that 's the case , but it is . 
  i honestly do n't see why it 's a bad thing to acknowledge that . 
   knife in the back of the men , women and children who died this time and the last two . 
  and you call other people opportunistic ? 
  come on . 
  why exactly ? 
  honest question , i must have missed something . 
   did you read my reply ? 
  i 'm not advocating closing the borders or stopping immigration which is unrealistic . 
  you did talk about bolstering navies and border controls and spending less on reception facilities . 
   ok so unlimited number of migrants in internment refugee camps around europe without a long term solution is something you think will impact europe and said migrants positively and lead to something positive ? 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  i never said this kind of thing would have a positive impact on anyone , it surely wo n't . 
  all i said is it 's preferrable to having people drown in the mediterranean by the thousands ( both for them and , since we 're supposedly civilized up here , also for us ) . 
  my point is precisely that there * are n't * any good solutions . 
  it 's a fucked situation and it will stay that way for years to come . 
  people * will * try to cross that sea in makeshift boats and coast guard patrols * will * encounter them . 
  what then ? 
  rescue them ? 
  shoo them away somehow ? 
  just ignore them ? 
  it really comes down to whether or not we 're prepared to adopt the kind of repressive measures that would put people 's lives at risk . 
  in that clusterfuck of bad decisions , i pick the one with the least amount of meaningless deaths . 
  not really sure why that opinion seems to be controversial . 
  furthermore , i think people who suggest that such easy and positive solutions * do * exist ( i perceived your first comment that way , i might have been wrong ) , are either being dishonest or living in a dreamworld . 
  better that drowning in the mediterranean sea ? 
  most definitely , yes . 
  silly question , if you think about it . 
  we * are n't * talking about chicken , after all . 
  all i 'm saying is people act as if all this mess needs to solve itself , is some good old law and order at the border . 
  but in the real world , oftentimes the only alternative to rescuing these people would indeed be to let them drown . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd find that an unacceptable alternative . 
  it 's a fucked up situation with no good solutions . 
  let 's not act as if this is n't the case , just to score some cheap political points or whatever . 
  have you read and understood his quote in german ? 
  you scenario of women changing their minds * afterwards * is clearly not included there . 
  to focus less on rescue and reception facilities and more on border controls and navies , means to be fine with more dead people in the mediterranean . 
  just so we 're clear what we 're talking about here . 
   quite the opposite of what . 
  you 're saying everything i 'm saying is wrong ? 
  because you 're comparing britain 's brexit movement to catalan independentism . 
  i 'm saying it 's not really that compareable , other than for the fact that a sub-group of people is aspiring to split with the big group . 
  brexit is anti-eu isolationism , catalan independentism is not . 
   me : he could do without making it worse / / you : spain [ rajoy ] managed to piss off moderates and centrists enough for them to join movement . 
   sound exactly the same . 
  in current crisis , every poor soul will just blame the government . 
  nothing that rajoy can do about that , especialy during the crisis of zapatero . 
  it sounds exactly the same , because you made it so . 
  i said `` spain '' , you pulled `` spain [ rajoy ] '' completely out of thin air . 
  zapatero was very much in that bag i labelled `` spain '' . 
  of course the crisis might have helped stirr up pro-independence sentiment , but to act as if that 's all there is to it , is completely missing the point . 
   that 's why i 'm saying , brexit will be the best advocate of rajoy . 
  scotland is not going to have it easy to enter back into eu . 
  they will emphasis on the difference that it 's ok only because britain is not in it anymore ( unlike spain for catalunya ) . 
  this will at the same time send a message to spain regarding any will to leave eu ( if you leave , we take catalunya ) . 
  well , we kinda agree then . 
  only difference being , i think it could go both ways . 
  and becaue rajoy knows that , he will do anything he can to block scottish independence aspirations ( rajoy and probably any other spanish government in the future , pp or otherwise ) . 
   so you are just saying the same thing that i did n't in my previous post . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  i 'm starting to think we might have misunderstood each other at some point . 
  i apologize if that 's on me . 
  my main point was about your comparison of brexit with the catalan independence movement . 
  not really . 
  quite the opposite , actually . 
  the sole reason why the catalan independence movement has been picking up steam in the last decade or so , is the fact that spain managed to piss off moderates and centrists enough for them to join the movement . 
  these people would very much want an independent catalunya to stay in the eu ( personally , as someone who 's only half catalan and grew up in germany , `` less spain , more eu '' kind of arguments convince me more than anything ) . 
  in fact , it 's kind of a dealbreaker ... 
  i 'm pretty certain the catalan independence movement would collapse , if eu membership for an independent catalunya was guaranteed to be absolutely off the table for some reason . 
  that 's why rajoy opposes scotland here . 
  they 'd set a precedent that would give a lot of arguments to the moderate pro-independence camp . 
  and it would pretty much disarm the `` independence means no more eu '' fearmongering his party has been pushing . 
  i 'm not putting words in your mouth , i 'm mocking your victimism ( i mean apart from my silly ass hitler joke , you * did * mention everything else in pretty much the exact same context . ) . 
  but rest assured , that 's not hate on my part . 
  i do n't really hate that many things , not even young british leave voters . 
  i * would * recommend they grow a thicker skin , though . 
  and maybe remember this moment the next time they get pissed at some left-leaning person calling out bullshit harrassment on the internet . 
  yeah ... young british leave voters are the true opressed people of our times . 
  that one time someone posted a picture of some medical workers on reddit ? 
  totally brutal . 
  more than 3000 upvotes , you say ? 
  this place is literally overflowing with hate , something something hitler .
