  the thing is ... 
  i 'm sure lots of people who , like me , went to cast their `` lesser evil '' kind of vote today , right now are looking at that baby blue map and , like me , wondering why they even bothered . 
  and i 'm a politically interested adult with an education and a job . 
  is it really all that surprising that the forgotten generation of `` ninis '' simply does n't care ? 
  i do n't think it is and i 'm having a hard time putting all the blame on them , to be honest . 
  someone else suggested they were only polling in the cities ... 
  i mean that alone would seem like an obvious fuck up ( although i 'm a layman , of course ... ) . 
  ciudadanos already had some woman in gran hermano not too long ago , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  maybe trying to get the s\u00e1lvame demographic on their side is just what they need to win the third round . 
  it 's not like their party stands for anything of substance anyway . 
  not sure where you got that number from , but as of right now ( 23:00 h ) , they 're putting the voter turnout at 69,79 % . 
  i have my doubts about these `` people lie at the exit polls '' theories . 
  honestly ? 
  i 'm convinced some idiot was n't doing his job properly , period . 
  occam 's razor . 
  in other words , you 're putting some effort into trying to look beyond your ( conscious ) lifespan and learn from it . 
   however most people will only take from knowledge that is within memory of them , an example is of a refugee crisis in the future , many will take from the current syrian crisis as an analytical example , but people in the future will take from the one in the future as an example . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why seeing some balkan countries adopt a kind of `` enough is enough '' attitude towards syrian refugees pissed me off . 
  i still remember having people fleeing the war in former yugoslavia at my school in germany in the 90s . 
  we 're just incredibly tied to our lifetimes and not really able to look beyond that relatively short timespan ( or at least it requires effort on our part to do so , which i guess some people simply are n't willing to do ) . 
  i was talking to an intern we had at work not too long ago . 
  the guy did n't remember 9/11 , because he was too young when it happened . 
  i realized he perceives it like any other event that happened in history and you learn in school about , while to me it seems like it happened not too long ago and the attacks themselves and all the events around it obviously still shape world politics today . 
  and i do the same thing , in a way ... 
  the year 1982 feels like `` nowadays '' in my head , since that 's when i was born . 
  the year 1948 feels like `` history '' , even though it 's as near to 1982 as the year 2016 . 
  anyway , going off topic , i guess :d sorry . 
  you 're probably right . 
  it 's just so confusing ... 
  surely these people must remember how there were muslims in the uk before the conflict in syria and the resulting refugee crisis and merkel and whatnot , right ? 
  it 's not like you need a degree in history to be able to somewhat see that ... just a memory going back a decade or so . 
   the most common thing i have seen is illiterate rabid brexit followers going onto every single thing reporting on the situation arrogantly announcing that they have won against the barbaric refugee 's and muslim rapists , all of it is just fear culture and blatant xenophobia ; this is not a valid vote in my eyes it is all just fear mongering politics and as we can see nothing good will come of it . 
  what i do n't get about that ... 
  is n't the fact that the uk has a relatively large muslim population much more linked to the exploits of their former empire , than to their eu membership ? 
   if i vote at all . 
  this . 
  personally , the last couple of years have drained me out politically , so to speak . 
  i simply do n't believe in much anymore , least of all in any of the clowns that are asking for my vote . 
  i 'm simply having a hard time taking any of them seriously . 
  some of them because they 're probably corrupt , others because they 've spent the last 6 years building castles in the air ... and others are just plain stupid , let 's face it . 
  i 'm not even just pointing fingers at the politicians ... after all , it 's the spanish ( or catalan ) people that keep voting these fucks into office . 
  i say that 's probably because half the population is as corrupt as they are ( the average joe loves him some juicy `` dinero b '' , of course he does n't really care when his leaders do the same ) . 
  we reap what we sow . 
  he was speaking about another country at another time , but george carlin hit the nail on the head in this standup : https://youtu.be/xiracchpdhk, 
  ah , so it * was * just a populist measure to keep people distracted for a while ? 
  we agree after all !, 
  ( i still do n't buy the story with the gypsies but let 's just leave it at that :p ), 
  so let me get this straight , please correct me if i 'm wrong ... 
  your theory is radical clerics from saudi arabia are coming to bulgaria and converting gypsies to wahhabism for money . 
  the evidence you 're providing is that everyone knows gypsies will do anything for money . 
  you furthermore believe banning muslim women from covering their faces with a piece of cloth is the appropriate response to that `` threat '' . 
  that shit 's so far out there , man ... 
  i feel silly even arguing about it . 
  technicalities . 
  maybe i should have been more precise with my statement , but i 'd say the context makes it pretty clear what i was talking about . 
  also , 13 % means ~ 6,5 % women , means even less adult women ... even with those numbers , it really seems unlikely that it 's a serious issue ( also , * because it 's a piece of cloth * ) . 
   regardless , veils are outdated and have no place in the society europe claims itself to be . 
  it is in reality a non-issue , but it 's also not something that you can reasonably oppose . 
  i very much agree . 
  i think the veil is as ridiculous as the belief system behind it . 
  but at the same time it 's just a piece of cloth on people 's heads and it 's really none of my business if peope want to wear it . 
  and the debates banning it are usually just typical right wing populism to cash in votes over people 's xenophobia . 
  ( edit : sorry , accidentally submitted before finishing . ), 
  it 's basic common sense , my friend . 
  i know a conspiracy nut when i see one . 
  ahh , the radical muslim gypsies , i see ... 
  so that ethnic group that has n't adapted to mainstream european culture , pretty much nowhere on the continent , for centuries , now suddenly is converting to a completely foreign culture !, 
  not only that !, 
  it just so happens to be the most radical version of that culture , which also just so happens to be the go-to foreigner everyone dislikes nowadays . 
  and why are they doing it ? 
  for money !, 
  what are you going to tell me next , the jews are behind it all ? 
  lizard people ? 
  come the fuck onnnnn !, 
  no one but your echo chamber buys this shit , you must be aware of that . 
  the only reason they came up with this law is the idea of muslim women covering their faces ( yes , the idea , because i 'm willing to bet you can count the total amount of burqas in the country of bulgaria on one hand ) , otherwise this law would have come out a long time ago ( i assume helmets are a thing even in bulgaria ? 
  scarfs in the winter ? 
  masks at costume parties ? ) . 
  at least be honest about it . 
  come on . 
  there 's only a handful of european countries with enough muslim population to justify this type of discussion about the veil ( and even in those countries it 's usually a non-issue , but meh ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's our ( as in `` the west 's '' ) responsibility to solve all the problems in the world , of course people in those countries will end up having to do the largest chunk of the work needed to bring forth real change ( that 's just reality , does n't even matter if we perceive that to be fair ) . 
  i just think some of us are too fast to just shove aside things like colonialism as if it had n't been a huge factor in how these countries have developed . 
  and yes , i 'd go as far as to say that it * did * help shape a culture where people will `` freely '' elect corrupt pedophiles ( just to follow up your example , even though i do n't really know which country we 're talking about here ) . 
  centuries of abuse will shape a people 's perception of what power/authority is supposed to look like , so that 's what they 'll look for when choosing their candidate ... you can even observe that kind of thing in western europe , in countries that went through long dictatorships ( for example , compare a spaniard 's view on police to that of a brit ) . 
  so yeah , people in the `` third world '' probably have to take responsibility , if they want real change . 
  i still think we should n't forget ours . 
  at the very least , when people from those countries come knocking at our doors for some help , let 's treat them the same way we 'd like to be treated in their position ( even if we end up sending them back , which i 'm not opposed to in principle ) . 
  that 's not bleeding heart liberalism or whatnot , that 's basic golden rule stuff every kindergartener understands . 
  i mean i get that people do n't like to be told to feel guilty for stuff they have n't done . 
  i do n't either . 
  and i do n't think feeling guilty will really solve anything . 
  but acting as if colonialism never happened , as if our western wealth was n't * in part * built on these people 's misery is just silly . 
  furthermore , acting as if all africans need to do to fix their problems is to just `` take some responsibility '' for once ... 
  i 'm sorry to be * that guy * , but that 's borderline racist . 
  i mean what exactly do you propose `` they '' do ? 
  just stop those wars and genocide and shit , right ? 
  just take some responsibility and kick the damn dictators out , you guys !, 
  just fight back ( we can sell you weapons at a humanitarian price ) !,
