no problem . 
  every country in north africa , africa , the middle east and asia where sunni extremists have a significant presence . 
  so saudi arabia , pakistan , yemen , oman , iraq , libya , egypt , etc. 
  no more . 
  plenty of peaceful asians would love to immigrate instead . 
  on what exactly do you base that list ? 
  just a gut feeling of `` too much sunni '' ? 
  and since you keep mentioning the sunni and i do n't see iran on the list , i assume shia muslim countries are ok ? 
  do you think it 's wise for the west to take sides in this struggle within islam that has lasted for over a thousand years ? 
  just saying , not too long ago the west took sides just the other way around and it does n't seem to have benefitted anyone , much to the contrary . 
  also , you did n't answer how you explain that change in policy to those countries on your list , that are officially our allies and business partners . 
  you do n't think that could be a problem ? 
  just fuck diplomacy ? 
   and every single one is the descendant of immigrants from predominantly sunni countries . 
  so why let more in ? 
  seems like suicidal tendencies . 
  first of all , in many cases these people are n't descendants of just any random immigrants , but people who came from former colonies . 
  now , i 'm not one of the people who blame everything wrong with the middle east on the actions of the west in the past , but i do n't think you can just shove that fact aside . 
  secondly , we can argue about whether or not we should `` let more in '' all you want ... but as long as the vast majority of perpetrators of attacks on european soil actually have european passports , i ca n't help but feel we 're dangerously missing the point . 
  let 's worry more about the problem that is * already here * . 
   it 's extremely simple . 
  a massive coalition force to defeat them militarily , that will be the easy part . 
  they ca n't contend with us militarily . 
  then hand the country back to assad ( with the help of russia ) so he can do the dirty work of rounding up and executing the terrorists . 
  we keep our hands clean and the job gets done . 
  it is actually astonishingly simple if we stop conflicting with russia and forget the idea that syria will be a peaceful democracy . 
  it never will , so stop the fantasies and be realistic . 
  be realistic , that sounds good . 
  you 're not advocating staying there for too long , though , are you ? 
  just go in , kill all the bad guys ( and , inevitably , a lot of good guys in the process ... but we 're using `` unflinching brutality '' here , so let 's not worry too much about that , right ? 
  ) , put assad back in power and get outta there . 
  right ? 
  now , do you really think that will put an end to sunni extremism ? 
  has n't this exact same approach failed in the past ? 
  i mean some of the places that are now controlled by isis in iraq got liberated by american troops not too long ago ... after isis , some new group will pop up , this time talking about how the west supported the dictator assad . 
  and since our `` unflinching brutality '' will have left enough orphans to be radicalized , i give the whole thing about a decade until it 's just as fucked up as it was before . 
  and do you really believe that coalition would ever happen ? 
  i do n't see nato and russia commiting the hundreds of thousands of troops that would probably be necessary . 
  you are american , right ? 
  you guys would end up having to carry most of the weight in that intervention ( we 're being realistic here , right ? ) ... 
  do you really see your public agreeing to this ? 
   you may not care , but your countrymen will . 
  they wo n't stand for being murdered forever . 
  eventually either they 'll get sick of it over time or the terrorists will set off a dirty bomb and force our hand . 
  ca n't you see that 's where this is going ? 
  every bombing will increase support for extreme solutions and extremist parties . 
  people will solve this one way or another . 
  way to turn my statement around , i never said i did n't care about terrorist attacks or my countrymen being murdered . 
  stop with that kind of bs , if you want me to take anything you say seriously . 
  on topic : yeah , i can see european governments looking for `` more extreme solutions '' to the problem , if the attacks got worse ( your dirty bomb example , while cheap ass fearmongering , certainly would be a scenario in which i could see governments taking extreme measures ) . 
  i simply do n't buy that it 's inevitable . 
  and , quite honestly , i do n't trust people who keep calling for all out war and ludicrous authoritarian measures to every problem they encounter . 
  you can read about the damage this kind of people cause in every history book and i 'd prefer to prevent that kind of damage . 
   i 'll tell you what you need to do , but you will probably find it unpalatable . 
  what you propose is n't just unpalatable , it 's unrealistic fantasies . 
   freeze in immigration from terrorist countries ( mostly muslim countries ) terrorist countries . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  honest question : could you provide a list of these terrorist countries you 're speaking of ? 
  is syria on that list ? 
  if so , you suggest just abolishing the rights of real war refugees ? 
  are countries like saudi arabia on that list ? 
  if so , how do you solve the diplomatic clusterfuck you 'd cause by banning them from entering the eu ? 
  and is france on that list ? 
  you must be aware that some of the perpetrators in these attacks were n't actually immigrants , but citizens of eu countries . 
   all out attack on isis to utterly destroy them . 
  village by village search in syria for their supporters and summary executions for those supporters . 
  this just sounds badass in your imagination , how exactly do you go about doing that ? 
  village by village search and executions , hmkay ... no investigation , no trial ? 
  just shoot people on the spot ? 
  surely you must have * some * idea about how to differentiate between the guilty and the innocent ... or just shoot everybody ? 
  i 'm honestly not certain , not trying to strawman you ... 
  but are you just advocating genocide here ? 
   you can do it now or watch right-wing parties do ... whatever it is they intend to do . 
  see , there comes a point where this kind or argument just defeats itself . 
  i do n't care about left and right at all , i do n't want my government to engage in the kind of actions you 're suggesting . 
  i do n't want that because i do n't want to live under an authoritarian regime . 
  what concrete measures do you propose then ? 
  no vague slogans , please . 
  yeah , in some cases it probably is ( i did laugh at the inflatable doll ) . 
  but the masked dudes with the estelada ? 
  some reactions in the media and politics ? 
  totally offended people , i 'm telling you . 
  yeah , i think so . 
  but still , the purpose of the statue clearly was n't to demonstrate support for the franco regime , to the contrary . 
  so i do n't get why people feel offended , it seems rather childish , tbh . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure it makes much sense to rank these parties and countries by most left wing to most right wing ... 
  i would n't even know where to start to measure the `` right-wing-ness '' of the pp vs. the cdu in a even remotely objective fashion . 
  according to some places on reddit , angela merkel is pretty much the reincarnation of mao zedong , so maybe mariano rajoy is literally hitler after all !, 
  ;p about extreme right-wing parties ... well , the afd was founded three years ago . 
  it remains to be seen how long they 'll be around and if they 'll ever hold any actual power . 
  and again , that the spanish far-right is fine with voting for pp , does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  all i was saying is that the statement that spain is `` one of the most virulently left-wing countries in europe '' seems rather obviously wrong . 
  and the pp winning election after election , despite crazy corruption scandals , is only part of why i think that , really ... much of it has to do with how people deal with spain 's past . 
  many conflicts of the past have just been shoved under the rug but seem very much alive in people 's minds . 
  to go back to the comparison with germany ... could you imagine a german equivalent of the valle de los ca\u00eddos in berlin ? 
  that 's unthinkable . 
  and then there 's little things in day to day life . 
  sure , people here tend towards self-deprecating humor when looking to the north ... but i 'm not so sure it goes much further than that . 
  everybody has their `` tierra '' and is immensely proud of whatever special beverage or virgin mary statue or absurd way to use bulls in celebrations they invented there . 
  not knowing any foreign languages is something to be proud of and will earn people many laughs and high fives .
