  until a theatre needs to be played that makes it look like everything is stable and no one is being overwhelmed . 
  if that means refugees are abandoning e.e for germany , then no skin of our nose . 
  merkel 's problem . 
  well the perception here is that if we comply with the mechanism then there is nothing thats gon na push for actual solution to the crisis , which is as you said to force those countries to accept their citizens back . 
  we feel like the flow is only gon na continue and we are only gon na get more migrants redistributed to us with no end in sight . 
  well for starters our minister of interior has repeatedly made offers to italy and greece of sending our policemen and equipment to help with managing the migrant inflow , so far they do not seem to want our help . 
  and what you describe perfectly exposes the sham that this whole relocation scheme . 
  everyone knows its a farse that solves nothing , latvia for example keeps relocating but for some reason the poor refugees fleeing the war keep running from war-torn latvia to germany . 
  i guess we could do the same and pretend we comply , only to have all of the supposed asylum seekers flee to germany , but what does that solve ? 
  why keep this charade up when everyone knows its not working ? 
  you either on purpose or out of ignorance mix up together the issue of free movement of people inside eu and the issue of protecting external borders of schengen area against illegal immigration . 
  there is nothing hypocritical about the ee stance , free movement only applies to citizens of the member states of eu , the pro-border stance as you put it is meant for protection of the ** external ** schengen border , because with signing the schengen treaty the member states inside the area agreed to eliminate the internal borders between each other with the promise from border states to guard those borders appropriately ( while given extra money to do just that ) . 
  if italy or greece or poland or any other state can not safeguard schengen border then the whole system will collapse sooner or later . 
  please do tell what part of geneva convention gives us the obligation to accept economic migrants from africa that arrive to italy ? 
  and we do grant asylum to people who ask for it in czech republic , last year 1475 applied and 148 were given it with 302 getting limited protection . 
  its not our fault that everyone floods to germany or sweden because of their rich welfare state . 
  who could have guessed that people who are culturally still in middle ages would bring their barbaric customs with them ? 
  `` hahahaha a politician respecting will of the people '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think her approach to brexit negotiations is awful and i think she is a terrible politician , but making fun of her for respecting the referendum is disingenuous . 
  tremendous cows , believe me !, 
  `` gave them billions '' . 
  yeah , we get billions in structural funds , but we also lose tens of billions on dividends and transfer pricing going from us to the western europe . 
  so the money we get is a pocket change compared to that . 
  but to expect a nuanced overview from guardian would be too much , when their modus operandi is a simple `` west good , east bad '' narrative . 
  so basically what you are saying is that situation is fine and italy just needs to get better at deporting rejected asylum seekers ? 
  except that you took part in the intervention to oust gadaffi . 
  your air force helped to enforce the no-fly zone , you participated in air strikes and refueling of other countries bombers . 
  what you are experiencing now is the consequence of that . 
  except that current situation is absolutely different . 
  please do educate me what kind of holocaust is currently happening in africa that its causing this massive migration wave ? 
  oh right , there is n't any , they are all economic migrants , therefore your internet virtue signalling about helping all the poor and needy from the entire world has no meaning . 
  maybe the reason is that while you in west were enjoying the longest era of peace and prosperity in modern history we were stuck behind iron curtain because you sold us off to stalin . 
  i do n't resent you for that , but do n't whine about the fact that we are poorer than you . 
  the only `` solution '' that you have been pushing for is redistributing the migrants you allow into italy . 
  thats not a solution . 
  the migrant flow has to be stopped . 
  of course italy has a choice , what if next year 5 million algerians decide to come ? 
  do they still `` have to '' accept them all ? 
  if current asylum laws make us ( europe ) accept potentially millions of economic migrants from africa , then those laws need to be changed . 
  un refugee treaties were not designed for such a massive flow as we are experiencing now . 
  if these countries refuse to take back their citizens , then eu as the economic and political powerhouse it is will deploy its biggest weapon - economics . 
  north africa does not want to take back their own citizens ? 
  say good bye to any development aid and just for good measure lets add some hefty economic sanctions , that will get them thinking . 
  trust me , they will start accepting them very quickly . 
  and we have been showing you how its done eversince we joined schengen , unlike other members we have been actually following our obligations to the letter . 
  first of all there is no `` eu and the un law '' that forces italy to accept potentially millions of economic migrants from africa . 
  these people are not poor refugees coming from war torn countries , their motive for coming is purely driven by money . 
  sure we can help them , we offered to send our policemen , equipment and money to help italy with deporting these illegal immigrants . 
  however , if italy wants to keep importing tens of thousands of them , then that is their decision and its up to them to deal with that . 
  if they do that then italy should be immediately suspended from schengen, 
  there is nothing to back that claim up , nothing to suggest that greece would cause entire northern europe to collapse , nothing but over exaggerated nonsense . 
  no they would not , this is all a projection on your part , are you greek by any chance ? 
  none else seems to believe nonsense like this how poor greece is a victim of evil germany . 
  that is delusion if anything , how the hell would germany go bankrupt over greece . 
  greece can go bankrupt , but it has to leave eurozone in order to do that . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  and make no mistake , germany would barely notice the bankruptcy , greece is economically absolutely insignificant , it is being kept on life support by ecb for political reasons . 
  greece condemned itself through decades of reckless spending and forging the books to get into eurozone, 
  this woman alone is ruining eu far more than farage , lepen , wilders or any of those politicians campaigning on anti-eu platform . 
  does she not realize what terrible damage to the reputation of eu she has done with this terribly irresponsible welcoming policy ? 
  especially in the new member states in cee region . 
  yes and any such vote will require unanimous support to pass . 
  given our history there is a deeply embedded scepticism against supranational unions and entities in general . 
  people are very touchy about the concept of being ruled over by some distant capital ( moscow in past ) and having limited sovereignty over our matters . 
  thats why the migration quotas are so sensitive issue here , it automatically creates comparisons with ussr for people who lived in that time . 
  and no , i am not comparing eu and ussr , just explaining why some people could make that comparison . 
  good luck with getting orban to vote for that, 
  in other news , water wet, 
  as far as i know the only real outcome of this can be a fine . 
  any other punishment , including suspension of voting rights can only be instituted after unanimous vote in ec , which wo n't happen . 
  feel free to correct me if its not accurate . 
  and there are set mechanism , where eu agencies can investigate any misuse of those funds and potentially fine any member state that violates any rules . 
  and that is absolutely fine if any wrongdoing is found . 
  but it is not `` free money '' . 
  every member state contributes a % of their gdp for the eu budget and out of that budget a certain % goes towards structural funds that are used to help poorest parts of eu develop and catch up with the rest . 
  all of this is set up front by eu parliament and council . 
  none of it has anything to do with any decisions or policies in regards to migration . 
  well from my experience since every beep against islam is islamophobia and facism in sweden , the only demographic you are allowed to insult and make bigoted statements about are people from ee , but do n't worry you are not alone in this . 
  i am curious as to why their culture is totally opposite . 
  please educate me , do half of them want to outlaw homosexuality ? 
  oh wait , thats muslims in [ britain ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) . 
  do they ask for special catholic courts that would settle matters for polish people ? 
  how many radical catholic suicide bombers from polish background have you heard of ? 
  well and the argument about driving down wages is especially silly , as long as wages in poland will be significantly lower than in sweden , people will work for less , but hey cut those structural funds for poland , i 'm sure that will help :-), 
  love me some good ol' anti-ee bigotry . 
  imagine the same sentences , but add muslim instead of ee . 
  you would probably label such statements as islamophobic , would n't you ? 
  our minister of interior has already offered money and our policemen to help italy with returning the migrants back to libya . 
  but hey , its the big bad ee that does not want to help . 
  again , in your first post you claim that poland `` just banned abortion '' . 
  no , they have not . 
  abortion has stayed pretty much the same way in poland regardless if it was a leftist government in the 90 's , liberal tusk governments in last couple years , or the new conservative government . 
  except that the `` banned abortion '' was [ this law ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37573938 ) which was rejected , and now you are trying to dodge by claiming you meant contraception , instead of admitting you just parroted some nonsense propaganda about evil poland banning abortion without even checking if its true . 
  care to provide a source for this interesting claim , some would call fake news , or are you simply less informed about a proposition that was rejected last year ? 
  also friendly reminder that your government is now supported by a party that might have even harsher stance towards abortion than polish government . 
  then you should probably leave nato , because you agreed to spend 2 % of your gdp on defense . 
  bombing libya - ok returning migrant ships to libya - genocide , nazi , unthinkable ? 
  when you go so far left on the spectrum in search of equality that you emerge on the other side where gender segregation is . 
  but that is already the case like i told you . 
  the deficit criteria i have mentioned has been broken by germany , france and other western eu members for decades , yet they were never punished , eventhough they were breaking the rules .
