i have n't found anything in the article that supports the notion that somehow democracy is hanging by the thread in hungary . 
  like him or not orban is a prime minister because he simply is overwhelming popular with the electorate , there can not even be made a case here like in poland that electoral system has helped him to gain a tight majority like pis has , in both 2010 and 2014 he simply crushed all other parties . 
  i 'll take false equivalency for 500 alex !, 
  i guess benefit of the doubt ( unlike allies in western europe , usa has never betrayed them ) and convenience ( russia is still widely considered as a primary geopolitical opponent of usa and as such they have interest in having allied countries near russia ), 
  `` maybe if we had n't recognized a violent protest government in czechoslovakia that replaced austria-hungary , then maybe the germans would n't have felt the need to secure sudetenland '' see how that logic works ? 
  there are us soldiers stationed there , which means russia wo n't try any funny business as long as that is the case . 
  yes but the whole graph compares just the partial data from the first half of the year , so its never final data . 
  but yeah , if they changed the way its calculated then it could be misleading . 
  how is it propaganda ? 
  every ministry of finances released monthly budget reports and this one simply compares state budget balance in june for a period of time . 
  unless you want to claim that polish ministry uses false numbers ? 
  good luck getting poland or baltics to approve that . 
  its not just that , czechs hate moving , even inside the country let alone across europe . 
  what myth ? 
  having multiple channels for convergence ( monetary and price ) is arguably better for an economy which is still in catch up phase . 
  i did n't say sallaries wo n't grow if we do n't join euro . 
  what ? 
  exchange rate * literally * determines how big our sallaries would be if we joined . 
  economic convergence including wages is arguably easier with your own currency . 
  yes but with euro we lose the one incredibly important mechanism of convergence towards more developed countries - exchange rate . 
  without our own currency we will only converge through prices ( say hello to higher prices on everything ) and productivity . 
  right now with the national bank ending its fixed exchange policy we can once more start catching up through gradual revaluation of our currency . 
  only when our wages have significantly caught up to our productivity and our exchange rate is somewhere around 20 czk/eur should be consider joining eurozone . 
  we do n't `` lose money '' by not being in eurozone , thats nonsense . 
  there are both upsides and downsides to membership and it is up for the elected representatives to make political decision to enter , eurozone is first and foremost a political project , not an economic project , otherwise none would have the crazy idea of putting germany and greece under one currency . 
  if they really brought them to europe after the rescue then have at it , but i do n't wan na hear a word about `` solidarity '' or `` burden sharing '' . 
  stop ferrying people to europe or this madness will never stop . 
  this is why accepting migrants , refugees or whatever you wan na call them is a neverending cycle . 
  the more that we accept the more will come , the more we redistribute , the more they will see that they can make it here and not get sent back the more will smuggling business flourish and more people will die . 
  and this is only gon na get worse with the population explosion in africa . 
  while you were all losing your minds over poland we annexed slovakia !, 
  what is it then ? 
  i doubt pm babi\u0161 will agree to any quota . 
  he is a true populist in a way that he tailors his policies based on public opinion , and public opinion is sharply against any mena immigration by crushing margins . 
  he has a massive lead in any poll conducted . 
  margin of victory varies from low 20 's to high 30 's, 
  what specifically do you mean . 
  that previous government unconstitutionally voted in new judges before the old judges mandates expired , or that president duda as a response rejected all nominants , including the couple that were voted in lawfully ? 
  or that pis government increased the treshold for supreme court decisions as is common in europe so that just 2 judges can not rule on a case ? 
  you are gon na have to be a bit more specific than `` muh autocratic poland '', 
  what a riddiculous accusation . 
  governments in both of those countries were elected in fully democratic conditions in accordance with every law imaginable . 
  now , is government in poland pursuing a highly controversial agenda , which would * potentially * disrupt the separation of judicial and legislative branch ? 
  yes , but that does not in any way give anyone a right to call poland an autocracy . 
  its only bad when eastern europe does it , have n't you heard ? 
  `` oh you created a tax evasion system in luxemburg as a prime minister ? 
  lol lets elect you president of the commission xddddd '', 
  islamic apologist whatabout-ists would have to make up breivik if he were not real . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37463386 ), 
  orban suggests this : nazi . 
  macron suggests this : a hero , a bold statesman . 
  its like labeling germany as a `` ex-nazi '' country . 
  in other news , water wet, 
  its not just germans , its all the `` northern '' eurozone members . 
  benelux , austria , finland , baltics , slovakia , all are tired of this constant money funnelling to the south . 
  problem with that is that german politicians ( and politicians in northern europe in general ) will never agree to pay for the debts of the countries in southern europe , voters would tear them to shreds next election . 
  the bailouts for greece were already extremely controversial . 
  to be fair protests in warsaw are not really that representative of whole poland , pis is known to have more support in rural areas rather than cities . 
  its the same like when people in california protest trump . 
  yeah because blair ( same party as corbyn ) did not restrict right to work from new states after 2004 expansion . 
   pledge loyalty to europe or suffer punishment jesus , this sounds like something from soviet propaganda pieces : `` pledge loyalty to moscow or suffer punishment '' . 
  get a grip , this is not how you make people feel positive about eu ... 
  as opposed to sending masses of low skilled immigrants to europe , which is surely not gon na lead to instability and rise of far right parties . 
  except that dublin mechanism does not state we need to accept migrants from italy or greece , at all . 
  also i do n't understand what `` collect the cash '' means in connection to dublin treaty but whatever . 
  i 'm sorry , you posted this in wrong sub , this is not r/theonion, 
  `` lol lets let russia annex parts of other countries , who cares . 
  its those dastardly easterners that refuse to accept migrants we let into eu thats the real problem '', 
  i 'd argue that a country refusing to guard its sovereign borders is in a worse position than a country implementing controversial changes to its judiciary ( if by `` you '' you mean poland ), 
  til swiss are leaving eu , which they are not a part of ? 
  redistributing migrants across europe is not a plan . 
  when your car is leaking gasoline you do n't go puncturing gasoline tanks on other cars to show solidarity , you fix the damn leak . 
  he asserts that we are all greedy and hate muslims and brown people . 
  i do love when people make bigoted and racist statements about us , while claiming that we are bigoted ones . 
  good job . 
  1 500 000 units ready , with a million more well on their way !, 
  i 'm sure this is just a racist propaganda against poor refugees . 
  suspending voting rights does, 
  so in order to punish poland for breaking rules the eu will break its own rules ... ingenious !, 
  thats not how this works , thats not how any of this works, 
  except that orban will veto that . 
   if you are concerned with the anti-democratic politics of the ruling party and its consequences for the future of poland and europe , please contribute to oko.press . 
  even one euro makes a change . 
  surely this article is in no way biased, 
  as far as i am aware of eritrea is pretty standard dictatorship , not at war . 
  and libya currently is rather failed state , but not at active war as well . 
  spain managed to stop a big migrant flow on its own couple years back . 
  they just kept returning the migrants until they stopped coming . 
  of course they also built a massive fence on their border with morocco just for good measure . 
  actually we are dealing with exactly that in italy . 
  in case of greece i am willing to admit that people coming throught there do tend to be real refugees from syria or iraq . 
  but in the case of italy thats just not the case . 
   i 'm not seeing a refusal there . 
  well so far they gave no answer so i am gon na suspect the obvious  but , as we discussed , the migrants do n't want to stay and head to germany right ? 
  so i do n't see the problem . 
  well then just send them right over to germany , why have a middle man when the end result is clear  no ability to fix the situation on their own , and no willingness to act through the eu i already told you what our government offered as our input to help the situation , what else would you have in mind for a country of 10 million that is landlocked ? 
  we do support eu approach to stopping the crisis , but it seems that eu is only content on distributing the problem rather than solving it . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/news/czech-interior-ministry-offers-eu-italy-money-experts-and-police-to-help-solve-migrant-crisis ) is the only source in english i can find , rest of it is in czech mostly . 
   i know , it 's shit welcome to the world . 
  we need to make deals with african and asian countries and pay them money to take them back , but that takes time .
