  warlords , endless bloodshed , tremendous deathtolls , brewing grounds for islamic fundamentalism . 
  compare that to ukraine , where the casualty figures are comparatively very small , and no warlords or fundamentalists exist or appear at this point . 
   russia is not some world power that needs to be plotted against . 
  ... the thing is , unlike a great number of other states , not only does n't it bow to the us , it actually tends to bite back against it . 
  that 's why nato still exists and espands into eastern europe , from all the possible directions . 
   russia not doing that , the threats and militarism and autocracy and assassinations and state media outlets and invasions , are why nations want to be in nato . 
  which is led by the usa , which * abhors * these things , ** abhors ** i tell you . 
   if russia did n't threaten its neighbors nato would n't exist and nations bordering russia would n't feel the need to be a part of it . 
  where 's the border between russia and france ? 
  the uk ? 
  spain ? 
  iceland ? 
  germany ? 
  russia borders fewer nato states than it does n't . 
  additionally , these states that it does border are nato 's periphery with little to no clout in the big scheme of things . 
  nice try though . 
   just this month putin threatened to invade sweden for god 's sake . 
  yeah , i would ask for a source , but that 's bullshit . 
  a very similar event happened , but it was n't putin , was n't a threat and was n't about an invasion . 
  but otherwise - yep . 
  seriously , these three parameters have never appeared in an article together , let alone against sweden and this month . 
   aside from those essentially every part of the world has taken a formal diplomatic stance against russia 's expansionism and militarism . 
  even if you take [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_general_assembly_resolution_68/262#/media/file:un_resolution_regarding_the_territorial_integrity_of_ukraine.svg ) as the ultimate judge of the opinion on russia 's militarism ( which it obviously ai n't ) , you might notice that a lot of influencial countries , such as brazil , india , china , sar etc have not exactly taken any stand against anyone , even when they do n't like the precedent ( china and india , for example ) . 
  the `` world '' that you talk about are the countries that traditionally deepthroat america 's foreign policy ( that metaphor brought to you by a certain polish minister ) . 
   unprovoked invasion of other nations `` as he said that , the world corrected itself for him to be right . 
  in a moment , nato disappeared and euromaidan reversed , with yanukovich awaking in his presidential cabinet , people of donbass noticing that shells disappeared in midair and the western ukrainians stopped spitting on their political preferences , and people of crimea suddenly becoming ukrainian en masse . '', 
   nato is only a ` threat ' if you 're the victim of paranoia , or intend to go around attacking other countries . 
  it 's a defensive alliance , one of many that exist in the world . 
  yeah , cuban missiles also were very defensive . 
  after all , if you 're not going to first-strike , what is there to fear ? 
  are you so caught up in your kool-aid you forget what has been said one post ago ? 
   it does n't go around < ...  installing puppet governments by force or sending troops into foreign countries hahahaha !, 
  yeah , i also have just been born . 
  also , `` annexing '' is better than `` fucking up and leaving the situation in full fubar-mode '' . 
   that everyone else you mean the usa and some of its bootli ... ehm ... partners , allies ? 
  that 's far from `` everyone '' , mate , that 's a sixth of the world at best . 
  most of the world is sick and tired of american imperialism , not russian one . 
   < putler is nazi ! 1 !  godwin for a lack of better argument ? 
  shameful , but not unexpected . 
   the world wo n't tolerate authoritarian expansionism after dealing first with the nazis and then with the soviets . 
  once again , you 're using the strangest definition for `` the world '' in the book !, 
  that word does n't mean `` countries i like '' !, 
  most of `` the world '' is fairly busy with the american oligarchic pretend-democracy at the moment , russian expansionism is not a topic of interest to , say , brazil or china or india or iran . 
  russia has very good relations with all of these countries . 
  it 's only a problem for nato and its potential members , which is pretty fair , because nato has been created for the very purpose of antagonising the late ussr . 
  same thing with military alliances - they rob you of buffers , create potential new strategic theatres and threats , increase the potential manpower of the enemy etc. 
  a good military alliance is a conventional nuke , if you will . 
  also , if it was ancient history , we 'd have to search for nato under `` historic military alliances '' or `` dormant military alliances '' . 
  however , it remains and expands ( much like in isis ' motto ) , shockingly . 
   does n't matter . 
  there 's been virtually no democratic election that has ever has a percentage that high for a single candidate . 
  having it in a territory with a popular revolt is absurdity . 
  look , i 'm not saying there was * no * election fraud , but people of chechnya are generally pretty happy with putin and the way things are right now . 
  the popularity of the revolt , especially towards its islamisation , is also questionable . 
   nato does n't annex territory or force countries to do anything . 
  it 's a mutual defense agreement . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's only a threat to the paranoid and those with ambitions of conquest . 
  the nukes on cuba were also of no threat unless the usa wanted to have a safe first strike option . 
  for some reason , nobody has thought of that . 
   seriously ? 
  if that 's the best you can manage it 's safe to say you do n't have a real argument . 
  it 's not an argument , it 's a postscriptum , realy . 
  and it 's pretty true as well . 
   my personal favorite was the one where more than 90 % of chechnya , which had just been engaged in open violent rebellion , voted for putin according to the official results . 
  well , if anything that shows you have only superficial knowledge of the situation . 
  putin 's been pumping money in chechnya , and the living standards there have improved drastically compared to their de-facto independence , especially if you are a member of kadyrov 's extended circle ( but even if you are not ) . 
   do is react with military force to crush further attempted invasions if russia forgets that it 's nothing more than a regional power and attempts expansion again . 
  if russia is expanding , it 's doing a piss poor job at it , considering how much further nato and the western sphere of influence has expanded in the same timeframe . 
  also , i 'm sure you 'd be the first to volunteer for the fighting . 
  usually , the tougher people talk on the internet , the badasser they are irl . 
  i imagine the locals are going to be absolutely thrilled by your idea !, 
  they 've always felt a lot of love for europe and your country specifically , so they 'd be very fond of being killed by such noble international brothers . 
  they 've never liked the praxis of `` democracy '' , `` self-determination '' , `` non-involvement '' and similar absurd ideas anyway ( which is why they 've never even asked for the president they elect not to be overthrown on a whim ) . 
  yeah , if anything it should be killing all of donbass ' civilians * itself * , not having to tire its proxies too much !, 
   offering to trade with countries is practically like nuclear war . 
  throwing a hissy fit when the government chooses an alternative offer , and then beginning to foment riots and make threats against it , and then pump money and arms to a new government that shells and blockades its own people etc is pretty shitty , although , of course , no nuclear war . 
  dae international competitions - especially musical ones !, 
  - * are n't * politicised * enough * ? 
  could your comment be any shittier ? 
  even 7 million dead in holodomor is a controversial claim that is far from being the consensus - 10 million is just a number you pulled from your ass ( or your balcony , wink wink nudge nudge ) that no trustowrthy historian suggested . 
  it being deliberate is a similar fairytale . 
  the comparing of the ussr to the nazis is such trademark assholery that i 'm not even going to comment . 
  relogin , mr poroshenko . 
  they 're going to let you scrub their toilets soon , just you wait . 
   dividing up europe by joint military attack is not an alliance ? 
  no , it 's co-belligerence . 
  look it up before spouting nonsense ( not that you 'd let facts stop you ) . 
  some people peacefully travelling and meeting with likeminded individuals while not causing anyone any grief ? 
  absolutely revolting . 
  i think we need to shoot them all , actually , they 've been infected by the brainwashing and strayed from the correct opinion . 
  if that 's the goal , this attempt is completely irrational : not only is the banning of symbols that a significant number of their people still respects and associates with a very divisive and polarising action , recently they 've been spewing oun-b-apologist bills left and right , while the organisation is looked at favourably by hardly anyone outside of west-ukrainians and the more hardcore nationalists - in fact , even eastern people otherwise sympathetic to , say , poroshenko , hate oun-b with a passion . 
  so they 're either creating social tension purposely ( which is very likely ) , or they 're irrational . 
  no , ukrainian house-of-cards-esque oligarchal squabbles are . 
  the pro-western poroshenko clique is winning for now , so you can see the results - nothing but dmage to ukraine and its economy , social and territorial conflicts etc. 
   good that at least 25 years late ukrainians now can smash the communist idols and break free . 
  oh , that 's what was holding them down . 
  i was thinking it was the ubiquous corruption of the entire society and all politicians ( pro-western or not ) + the oligarchal control over politics and economy , but no , it was all because of the mind-controlling statues . 
  if the statues of a previous regime are your biggest worry , either you 're doing great or you have a nation-wide need to overcompensate for something . 
  but whatabout russia , right ?
