  eu interference = help suppress that self-determination through indiscriminate violence . 
  real well done you guys . 
  funny , original , ethically sensitive . 
  10/10 , need analogues of that comment repeated at least thrice more in this thread . 
   ukraine wanted independence a part of it , maybe . 
  the ukrainian nationalists lost in almost every instance to their bolshevik compatriots , to the point where they had to run screaming for their second-worst enemies , the poles , who proceeded to dismantle their republic even more eagerly . 
   lenin did nothing that improved the lives of ukrainians aha . 
  utilities & free services ? 
  electrification ? 
  lenin did more for the ukrainians in his short stay in power than any modern ukrainian president did . 
   ukraine to become richer and then benefited from a larger trading partner . 
  yeah , as if that 's possible . 
  it might appear somewhat realistic if you do n't know shit about ukraine , its history and politics , and during euromaidan you went `` wow , that 's new '' . 
  ukraine has a `` revolution '' every 10 years , and several political crises in between - its whole history since its independence has been about clans of oligarchs warring each other . 
  sometimes the `` pro-russian '' guys are in power , sometimes the `` pro-western '' . 
  this is n't the first time these exact people have held high positions , nor the first time they spout populist drivel about proud ukrainian patriots getting free of the shackles of the soviet asiatic corruption and joining the rest of europe . 
  it might be the worst up to date , however , seeing how disastrous this couple of years has been to ukraine in pretty much every regard - not that those in power care about that . 
  in some ways it 's better off - better geostrategic position , for example . 
  it was n't given a good hand and was forced to react , but it coped well , and gained things that it would n't have acquired were a competent democratically-elected government in charge of ukraine throughout 2014 . 
  almost everyone exploited it very well , i must say . 
  the only losers are some of yanukovich 's allies and , well , the average ukrainian . 
  i would imagine it 'd be about the discriminatory policies ( in general , and specificaly about the language ) , non-citizenship ( that is , denial of participation in that glorious democracy you advertise ) etc. 
   yes , too bad estonia consisted of mainly native estonians . 
  ... after you cleansed a plurality of other minorities away in the 90s . 
   well , the immigrants of soviet union were like 95 % russians , so i do n't use a politically correct term for a sarcastic comment and i 'm suddenly racist or what ? 
  seriously ? 
  you just said that the civilian population of russians that was born and raised in the baltics somehow has to suffer for the crimes of the leadership of a long-gone country . 
  these were your own words . 
   of course , you convientently decided to not comment on the issue which asked you to imagine how would a country work if like 1/3 of the people would not speak the official language and be manipulated by a foreign country . 
  you know just as much as i do that it would have been catastrophic . 
  well , violating people 's rights is always the easiest way , there 's no denying that . 
   p\u00e4ts was an autocratic moron who ended democracy in estonia , for sure , but he was still ours . 
  besides , estonia was still a heaven compared to places like soviet union back then . 
  such thinking is , sadly , all too prevalent . 
   the social democrats are strongly left , for sure . 
  * the strongest left . 
  *  maybe because estonia never stopped ? 
  because estonia had a government in excile , because soviet occupation was not recognized by most of western countries , including usa which even specifically marked that on maps back then ? 
  because the occupation was illegal ? 
  * it stopped as an independent nation , though . 
  * who does n't have some wacko government-in-exile ? 
  we have the romanovs , for instance , who could claim to be a government-in-exile by the very virtue of the dynasty 's existence . 
  it 's all make-believe . 
  * who cares what a bunch of third parties think ? 
  i think you should give all your money to that one friend you have who sometimes asks you to - will you heed my advice ? 
  * also , have you mistakenly sent me the wrong map ? 
  it 's a map of the ussr 's republics , has all 15 , the baltics are n't shown any differently . 
  * the occupations of the roman empire and the free city of danzig both were also highly illegal . 
  but i digress , you seem a bit too nationalistic for having the amount of empathy required to understand these people 's unfortunate situation your government has purposely and maliciously created . 
   how ? 
  just because most holders of estonian citizenship happen to be , surprise-surpise , estonians ? 
  thanks to a system of state-mandated discrimination , yes . 
   oh those poor russians . 
  maybe soviet union should have thought about it as they invaded , annexed and colonized foreign territories ? 
  aha , so you are actually getting back at an ethnicity for the crimes of some long-gone state ? 
  you denied it just a post ago , and are now stating this openly . 
  some strange doublethink . 
   really , if we had given citizenship to all the people , it would have firstly , destroyed the continuation policy we aimed for , but even worse , seriously altered the ethnic composition of the country . 
  we 'd have hundres of thousands of people who cant ' speak a word of estonian , would be easily manipulated by moscow ( ethnic tensions ran high already during late 1980s and that a lot of russians violently fought against estonia 's independence movement , was no secret ) and yet be able to change the future of this country . 
  so your citizenship policies * are * actually constructed in such a way as to discriminate against an ethnic minority and change the ethnic make-up of a territory ( i.e. 
  ethnically cleanse it ) ? 
  coulda fooled me . 
   destroyed the continuation policy we aimed for why have n't you given power to the closest pats-like nationalistic dictator you could , if that was the desired course of action ? 
  should you have political parties at all ( i mean , they 're all right-wing anyway , but still ) ? 
   stop with your stupid comparisons . 
  if estonia can come back why not roman empire ? 
  or , at least , free city of danzig ? 
  ok , the new romans would n't throw non-italians out , they 'd simply not give anyone who does n't speak latin a citizenship . 
  if these people do n't want to learn latin , they 'll simply move to the still-free parts of france , germany etc. 
  should n't have settled on the roman lands , i guess . 
   most estonians indeed did not have to take them < ...  that 's disingenuous . 
   it was restoring the independence of an occupied country , not obtaining new independence . 
  that 's what our country is based on and how the west recognizes it , does n't matter if russia tries to claim otherwise . 
  it does n't even matter in that particular question - these people had lived a lifetime at the location when apparently some country pops up around them ( having * `` restored '' * its independence ) . 
  why do n't they get a citizenship ? 
  they never asked for that country to appear in any referendum or such thing ; nor have they made travel to such a country ( being born on its territory ) - how are n't they citizens from day 1 ? 
  what if the roman empire restores its independence in its iii century borders - will it get to throw all the non-italians out ? 
  do the people of the titular ethnicity have to pass such tests before being given the citizenship ? 
  if no , that 's ethnic discrimination . 
  also , why the hell do these people have to pass any tests - they were right there when the country obtained independence , surely they should be along its first citizens . 
  it 's these countries that came to them , not the other way around - they 've been there since birth . 
  what difference does it make when a lot of these people have actually been born in these countries ? 
  they do n't wield any power , and this discrimination is entirely unjustified . 
  the baltic policies in regards to minorities tend to be quite bad , but this situation is especially abhorrent , a violation of an entire people 's rights based on them being of the same ethnos as a majority population of a long-defunct state . 
   the experiences of the ukraine say otherwise . 
  it 's strange how ukraine spent 25 years completely uninvaded ( even after it ignored two consecutive referenda of independence from crimea and * destroyed its autonomy instead * ) , but when they begin to turn to an anti-russian alliance , their relations with russia worsen greatly . 
  it 's as if there 's a cause-and-effect situation here . 
   lithuania or romania asking nato to join , as sovereign nations , is n't nato expanding . 
  how dumb do you have to be not to get basic math ? 
  if nato has x countries one day , and ( x +1 ) the next one , damn sure it expanded . 
  it 's not a question of whether you feel it 's justified or not , it 's an obvious fact - nato keeps pushing its frontiers , objectively . 
   the russian federation annexing crimea and supporting rebel seperatists in eastern ukraine ... is nato aggression ? 
  all of that after a pro-western coup , and ukrainian indiscriminate artillery and aircraft attacks in the donbass . 
   but maybe it 'll take some increasing mortality and morbidity indices , some more crushed economic futures , some more abortions of necessity and expatriated millionaires and billionaires , some more breadlines and failed tech centers like skolkovo , etc. 
  for you people to start electing leaders who are n't cry-baby `` i ca n't believe we lost '' ex-kgb types from the failed soviet . 
  haha . 
  the population is currently experiencing slight natural growth ( also , some growth thanks to crimea and the migrants from ukraine , completely destroyed economically by oligarchs and western bootlickers ) ; economically things are stable with a trend for improvement with growth predicted towards 2017 ; breadlines can not become a thing through anything short of complete governmental collapse and skolkovo is probably doing something . 
  but , more importantly , y u haf to b mad ? 
  is it because your turncoat politicians , who are all far-right by all reasonable standards and all have the same policies in your make-believe democracy , keep fucking over the american and international public through giving more and more power to the corporations ? 
  is it because your cia blacksites are n't welcome in europe anymore , and your disastrous foreign policy has caused isis to rise ( to whom you retards keep giving weapons and resources ) ?
