  are we lynching negroes by any chance ? 
  also , just because vocal anti-russian minorities are in power in these countries and control the narrative , does n't mean the people are n't pro-russian to a significant degree . 
  in ukraine half of the population supports improvement of relations with russia , a much higher percentage in the east of the country . 
  in latvia the pro-russian party keeps winning the elections but being kept from participation in the government undemocratically . 
  i personally am not very patriotic , although occasionally coming to this sub will eventually turn me into literally putin . 
  other people in the country generally are patriotic , although hardly anyone has a russian flag to wave from one 's home ( what for ? 
  football fans , maybe . ), 
  the closest thing to patriotic bumper stickers that has any degree of popularity would be the small ribbons , that people sometimes tie to their car 's antenna or mirror or whatnot , but these are almost always george 's ribbons and not the trikolor . 
  so it carries a different connotation . 
  right , i do remember how the industrialisation , nazi-defeating , after-ww2-rebuilding , fascist-suppressing , free healthcare , education etc were all somehow forced upon the struggling authorities . 
  i mean , i understand you fucks are butthurt because we defeated your nazi friends and did not allow you to lynch jews , but come on , the ussr ( especially before later brezhnev 's period ) was , for the most part , a reasonable place to live in . 
   do n't like russia right now certainly a new , totally unpreceded thing , yeah , might take some time getting used to . 
  who could 've expected ? 
   but in this case no one really cares about armenia and their air-defense . 
  that 's no anti-russian thing . 
  i assure you that if this article was titled `` russia fucks over armenia and/or its air defense '' it would 've been swarming with the various fascist nedobitki and , more generally , anti-russian people . 
  hundreds of comments , calls for extermination , barely-masked cheer at this new two-minutes-of-hate oppportunity - usual stuff . 
  sadly , armenia has friendly relations with russia , so the european community does n't accept it as one of theirs . 
  strange how not many people comment here , is n't it ? 
  is that not important news ? 
  or simply does n't fit this sub 's agenda of making russia appear as a combination of nazi germany and north korea 's worst qualities ( although , to be fair , a lot of people here would probably struggle to find any bad qualities in nazi germany ) ? 
   georgia , ukraine , finland , ... ah , yes , then it 's completely outrageous to worry about nato encroachment , i guess . 
  with countries so commited to upkeeping friendly relations , neutrality and not oppressing their ethnic minorities ( with the exception of finland ) , there definitely is n't any worry that nato would encircle russia 's ( additionally - wholly unimportant and completely desolate ) european part . 
  although seeing how the chinese prop up north korea simply to avoid having the fat american fucks at their doorstep , maybe there is some sense in being wary of their ceaseless expansion . 
  hm , i wonder if the people of this sub show any compassion in this thread ... no , it 's just retardation and cheering for terrorism and reprisals against the civilian population . 
  ok then . 
  i hope you all go through something similar in your lives , you scum . 
  in these two days on this sub i have completely lost all hope in any friendship we could ever have . 
  we should 've let you all die at nazi hands . 
  fucking pieces of shit . 
  no , rather from when the soviet soldiers were ready to protect europe against hitler in 37 and 38 only to be turned down by the european powers , and then when many of them died to free the polish people from the nazis , who would 've exterminated them all , and after all of that they were graceful enough to put much of their industry to the rebuilding of poland , which was destroyed into dust during the war ( `` haha , these ugly commieblocks surely suck more than that bombed out shed we 'd lived in before they were built , amarite ?! ) '', 
   almost 50 years of occupation who are such people as w\u0142adys\u0142aw gomu\u0142ka ? 
  the history might never know , because the polish nationalists vaguely remember being a part of the ussr or something . 
  ignoring the obvious assholish `` dae nazis ?!, 
  '' , the reason for this reaction is because the russian population and , thus , the government feel a great deal of respect for the sacrifices of the soviet soldiers in wwii and cherish their memory , unlike the various ungrateful brats that would n't have even been born to act like pieces of shit without them . 
  fuck poland , what can i say . 
  not unexpected with what their government is , but still quite sad . 
  a joint effort , for sure . 
  but why russia still gets to brag is because it is the successor state to the soviets , while the other nations are n't . 
  still , they definitely were a part of the program . 
  why do the most historically illiterate people always feel the need to get involved ? 
   almost everyone else in the communist party was russian not by a long shot , russians probably did n't make two thirds of the party , definitely on the leadership level at least . 
   all of the generals and marshals of red army were russian timoshenko ? 
  kulik ? 
  stalin ? 
  there were a lot of russians ( duh , the biggest nation is represented proportionally ) , but more than a few people were ethnic minorities as well , and ukrainians , for example , made a significant percentage of the army . 
   leaders of cheka and nkvd you 're either retarded or trolling shamelessly . 
  so felix dzerzhinskiy was russian ? 
  or was lavrentiy beria ? 
  maybe genrikh yagoda ? 
  none of them were russian , even fucking yezhov is speculated to have been born to a lithuanian mother . 
   trocky first of all it 's `` trotskiy '' , and yep , you should definitely stop talking . 
  you know you 've fucked up when a guy born as `` leyba/lev bronstein '' suddenly becomes russian in your book . 
  why do you baltic nationalists make everything about ethnicity anyway ? 
  like you can not conceive that maybe in that era a lot of people were able to see past the ethnic bullshit and unite for a common cause of a better future ? 
  your entire worldview is based on something that did n't really matter back then and certainly does n't matter now . 
  most small nations that neighbour russia have great or at least neutral relations with it . 
  it 's only when bribed/retarded pro-american nationalistic governments are elected/installed and then decide to subjugate or oppress their minority populations or purposely sabotage relations and join anti-russian military blocs , does russia have any problems with them . 
  you try way too hard to spew hate though , it seems that the brainwashing sessions have n't been easy on you . 
   glad turkey took action instead of allowing russia to keep poking them them . 
  that was certainly worth it and is not going to bite them in the ass in any way - in fact , their relations with russia , influence in syria and economy are bound to go up now !, 
  * sigh * well , at least your comment makes some semblance of sense , otherwise this thread ( and this entire sub really ) is filled with completely retarded sad wastes of human tissue . 
  actually , ukraine is the one invading donbass in the hopes of quelling an anti-president 's - overthrow grassroots revolt . 
  if instead of immediately sending the army in and beginning to water the cities with artillery indiscriminately they sat down and talked about federalisation , not overthrowing presidents etc , none of this would 've happened . 
  ah , so the crimeans will want to return to the country that denied them any meaningful autonomy for ~ 30 years , ignored their calls and referenda , and then , after the reunification with russia , blockaded them , denied them water and electricity and demonised them in every possible way in the press ? 
  those few crimeans that hate russia are currently commiting these terrorist acts outside of the peninsula , and they 'll never come back . 
  the ukrainian side of the border is a magnet for such assholes . 
   i hope more countries will release statements againstan `` anti-isis '' alliance with russia . 
  well of course you far-right religious lunatics would prefer isis to russia , it 's like a match made in heaven . 
  you 'd behead yourself in the most halal way if it meant sticking it up to the russkie . 
  they 're gon na accept that hostile act for what it is and in the future put more pressure on the usa and its sovereign bootlicks ( who tend to be so sovereign , they have human-rights-defying black sites built on their soil and swallow it up , wagging their tail ) . 
  tell that to donbass and crimea residents , abkhazians and ossetians . 
  they 'll spit in your arrogant face , and it will be well-deserved . 
   which is hilarious in and of itself , it requires a lot of mental gymnastics to be pro-russian and able to speak english ( therefore having access to the free press , not press entirely controlled by 1 entity , the kremlin ) . 
  no , actually . 
  if i was n't able to speak english and did n't know about people like you and your views , i 'd be a lot more anti-putin . 
  knowing that makes me at least appreciate his foreign policy . 
   why would russia get to have any influence over what a sovereign nation does ? 
  why would the eu ? 
  these negotiations would establish what blocs ( if any ) ukraine could be in without any unneeded complexity - could it be in both simultaneuosly or just in one , and what would the tariffs between the countries have to be then etc. 
  that 's how all agreements are reached . 
   he was then bribed by putin to renege on the deal apparently being better at negotiations and offering better deals is `` bribing '' . 
  am i bribing you by offering better ( at the very least , not as delusional ) arguments in this conversation ? 
   how did the eu throw a tantrum ? 
  all they did was support the protesters . 
  instead of agreeing to this diplomatic agreement between russia and ukraine they backed the violent thugs of maidan . 
   russian snipers shot at ukrainian civilians in kiev holy shit !, 
  maidan was an inside job ? 
  ukrainian bullets apparently would n't melt through the aura of european democracy that these rioters radiated ? 
  seek help , dude . 
   yet it was russians and e. ukrainians ( supported armed and trained by russia ) that started the violence ... who fired artillery on the cities ? 
  who moved out to eastern ukraine to dismantle the local authorities that people had themselves chosen ? 
  why were unarmed civilians the ones that were disarming the ukrainian armed convoys sent to punish them ? 
   you must live a very nice kremlin approved life . 
  thank you . 
  not having to deal with insane ukrainian and/or western propaganda is the best part . 
  but once again , seek mental assistence . 
  more like russian interference = first asking for 3-side negotiations to discuss ukraine 's status in regards to the trade blocs ; then making ukraine a better offer than the eu one after the call was refused . 
  eu interference = throwing a tantrum and igniting riots that then escalate into a coup and leave ukraine an even bigger shithole than it was . 
  russian interference = offer people the right to self-determintion .
