can someone explain me the situation . 
  what are these symbols ? 
  and why are people offended by it ? 
  dont know much of the history in this region . 
  hello , my words were harsh , i admit it , but i think you got the meaning . 
  do you really think that the uk and the usa can talk one same level ? 
  i clearly not and some britains can feel it [ too ! ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/2bv2nl/should_the_uk_distance_itself_from_the_us/ ) . 
  being european = / = being in the eu . 
  when i last checked great britain wasnt a continent like australia but it was part of the europe . 
  we have, 
  hi , thanks for your answer . 
  im really interested how britains view the usa . 
  i think they have way too much influence in our daily politics . 
  give me one reason why you guys joined the iraq war with the usa ? 
  they can enforce you ( and us ; we are in afghanistan , nobody knows the reason ) their politics whenever they want . 
  there is reason why people say that you are the `` 52nd state of america '' and the french veto \u00b4 d uk \u00b4 s membership twice . 
  you guys spied on us before the libya crisis , and in my opinion the abstain was the best move we could do . 
  the germans are a pacifistic people . 
  i think we europeans should stick together so we can be independent from russia or the usa , but the britains want to keep being the junior partner there is nothing we can do . 
  i have the feeling that redditors are pretty left and they dislike merkel for her way to handle state affairs and politics . 
  of course i can not agree or understand many things she does but i trust her that she will do anything for the benefit of the eu and germany . 
  germany and austria should be one country . 
  the idea of the german people in the 19th century was to create one nation for the german-speaking states , but the rivary between the prussians and the austrians divided us . 
  great britain is an extanded arm of the north americans and can not be trusted . 
  i want them to stay in the eu , they are clearly european but they have stop being america \u00b4 s bitch . 
  i like merkel and voted for her . 
  i think there is a huge misunderstanding in this subreddit about bavaria . 
  we all love to make fun of the bavarians , they are different from the other german states but at the end of the day , our brothers and sister in the south are 100 % germans . 
  there is no independence movement nearly as strong as in catalonia , never heard of something like that before i discovered reddit . 
  ( half of my family lives in bavaria ) . 
  they want to kick out all the southern states + even france !!, 
  and call it `` alternative for germany '' . 
  ridicolous right-wing party . 
  for all who call them moderate , you can check how many twists their progam has gotten . 
  first back to the deutsche mark , now they want to keep the euro because the majority of the german people want to keep it too . 
  furthermore they hate it to be called `` right '' or `` conservative '' but at the same time they want to be part of the conservative fraction of the eu / facepalm, 
  i know some tatars who came from kazan and they all call themselves russians rather than tatars . 
  they are more or less muslims but arent opressed or have to fear anything from moscow . 
  if the majority of the people support this idea , then they should be independent , but i dont see this happening in the fruture . 
  so salty haha, 
  til that the german people can vote in hungary and sweden too . 
  so you hate germany , everybody and their mother knows that if they just check your posts in other threads . 
  i dont agree with many decisions of the german government ( including their refugee policies ) but blaming the problems of romania on us a new level . 
  you found your perfect scapegoat my friend and hope that you will find your next prey after leaving the eu in the future . 
  the gypsies are still a fancy bunch . 
  this is just plain stupid . 
  the signs for this crisis were there the whole time but germany didnt prepare well enough . 
  now our goverment acts like they were caught with their pants down but it was an open secret that so many people would come . 
  instead they were just blaming others on their high horses . 
  i think its right to grant every syrian asylum here . 
  they are a escaping a civil war and my own parents were refugees too but the organisation , the constant scapegoating of others are just an enormous disappointment . 
  i just leave [ this ] ( http://christandpopculture.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/tissue-box-622x427.jpg ) here for you guys . 
  feel free to use . 
  are there many german tourist in hungary ? 
  i will be one of them soon :d, 
  i hope not . 
  i think most of you arent such dicks . 
  dude , how is this ad hominem ? 
  the refugee problem is very komplex and you try to make it simple . 
  its not the same when you compare germany with turkey in this regard . 
  yes , you can argue like that but i think people are this way . 
  germany is well known for accepting all kinds of ethnic groups but not when there are such masses . 
  there will be problems to integrate these people in our society . 
  do you believe turkey would be so welcoming if the refugees would be for example ethopien christians ? 
  syrians are the neighbours of turkey and have many things like religion and history in common . 
  im 100 % sure that germans would react differently if there are millions of danish or dutch refugees . 
  ethnic vietnamese from germany here . 
  when i was younger , kids of turkish/kurdish descent always screamed `` ching chang chong '' and ask if my father was jackie chan or bruce lee etc. 
  however we vietnamese are basicly invisibles in the german society . 
  we are well integrated/assimliated and so the people dont really target us . 
  germans were always polite and respectful to my family and me . 
  i think racism is a complicated topic and sometimes failed communication will delude people that some actions are racism . 
  spains weather and beaches ; french and italian food ; british home-grown singers and songwriters . 
  germany is also basicly a half ex-communist country . 
  i dont dislike czech or poland , but i think they are too similar to us . 
  i was in prague two years ago and it was cool to be in such an old and famous city , but it felt just like home in cologne . 
  almost the same people with another language , there wasnt the feeling that you are in a foreign country . 
  i hope you get the idea . 
  okay dude , i get that you dislike russia . 
  i told you that i find 4 countries interesting to visit and you keep bashing russia . 
  i cant blame you for that , russians did some nasty stuff in the past ( and still do it in the present ) but dont blame me for that . 
  if you are frustrated , dont attack me for something im not responsible for . 
  here is what i find interesting about russia : russia is huge , and there are many different people with other ethnicity living together . 
  my friend is a tatar from tatarstan , a `` muslim '' minority living together with predominatly orthodox christs . 
  i also like to visit cities like st. petersburg . 
  russians have some unique-looking castles ( prob influenced from the east ? ) . 
  well thats basicly why i find russia interesting and would like to visit the country someday to check it out . 
  do you want more info why i think turkey , italy or uk are interesting ? 
  can you leave politics aside ? 
  if i visit a country , im all about the people and the culture . 
  russians have a great and unique one . 
  so you think people shouldnt visit countries like arabia , turkey and china because they dislike their gouverment ? 
  get real dude , less salt more brain . 
  and btw , i dont represent 80mil people . 
  most interesting : italy , united kingdom , turkey and russia . 
  least interesting : everything east germany until russia and scandinavia . 
  sorry didnt mean to offend anyone . 
  just wanted to say that they were similar to them . 
  they were ( from the german view ) undesirables with their own unqiue culture and language but without a national state . 
  germans wanted them to leave to ... anywhere , just not near them .
