  same with todays gypsies although their families lived there for generations . 
  i guess only germans like him . 
  he was a smart politician , cunning like a fox who could unify the german people under one state . 
  i didnt know that he treated the poles so badly . 
  guess they were the gypsies of the past . 
  russia is european , same as their people . 
  so you need to be german to be right in this topic , right ? 
  sigh . . dont know what nationality has to do with being right or wrong, 
   few milions would move in here . 
  they are from christian cultural circle . 
  being christian didnt stop you east europeans to commit crimes here in germany . 
  looks like a power ranking for villains and monsters in a rpg . 
  thank you for you service, 
  these people love hungarians and russians ... but in their own countries . 
  we use british english but people still mix up both . 
  satire, 
  thanks for your insight . 
  i may sound irrational but i find it hard to grasp that kind of `` lifestyle '' . 
  as / u/brichals said , the average german sees debts as something very negativ and we usually dont consider the opportunities . 
  there are even famous tv shows like `` raus aus den schulden '' ( get out of debts ) who deal with this . 
  but hey , you brits are the masters of finance and it works so well for you guys . 
   i moved to germany about 10 years ago and everybody thought i was showing off because i had a credit card 22 years old and still no credit card , but 800 $ cash lying here in a small box in my room :d . i never realized the fact that this is unusual in other countries . 
  just surprised that bratislava was a german majority city . 
  as you said probably because vienna is so close and the fact that it was a developed city , so more immigration happened . 
  i guess after the events of ww2 all the germans in the east had to leave their homes . 
  dat szekler land and bratislava is actually austrian lol . 
  when napoleon conquered almost whole europe some germans fought with him !, 
  against prussia , austria and russia . 
  civil unification wasnt possible because there were two strong german states striving for hegemony over all the others , namely prussia and austria . 
  both had a fight , prussia won , kicked austria out and form some like the [ north german confederation . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_german_confederation ), 
  yes , my bad . 
  i didnt mean to do that . 
  it was necessarily because of foreign politics . 
  german nationalism became a thing when napoleon and the french wanted to push their borders to the rhine and even to l\u00fcbeck below denmark . 
  [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/europe_1812_map_en.png ) smaller countries cant protect themselves when they are facing an imperialist country far stronger than them . 
  but i agree with you that smaller countries are more effective with their ressources , but thats why we have our `` bundesl\u00e4nder '' with autonomy . 
  edit, 
  this sub is so stupid sometimes . 
  how you can scapegoat germany for the balkan wars is unbelievable , but hey its a serb . . 
  you mean gollum ? 
  i dont know who sam is but gollum has to be [ erdogan . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/12/04/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdogan-gollum-meme-lord-of-the-rings_n_8717346.html ), 
  source ? 
  german , only a few key words so they understand it . 
  its really an awkward situation . 
  they are shy , i know they understand me but they are afraid to talk . 
  its either french or german . 
  there are much more people who speak french in the world but they are in africa . 
  these people want to come to us for job opportunities not the other way around . 
  in my gym i met many foreigners , mainly southern or balkan europeans . 
  they are young and educated but cant find a job in their home country . 
  now they are here , trying to learn this hard and awful language to have a better future . 
  in europe its malta because of their unqiue history/language and turkey mainly because i want to visit istanbul and the surrounding areas . 
  i just love the feeling when you visit a place and you can `` feel '' its old history . 
  outside of europe i want to visit china , japan and egypt for the same reasons . 
  i love how this sub downplays everything that germany did in the ukrainian crisis . 
  its fine when you critize our government for their pipeline deal but merkel and holland did their best to limit the casualties in the war and they are negotiating a possible peace deal . 
  but hey , another butthurt pole on / europe, 
  tell me more . 
  if the whole ukraine is in war , i dont see a reason why we could refuse them . 
  germany doesnt accept refugees from safe countries such as serbia and albania . 
  these people arent really popular here and certainly ukrainians wouldnt receive that huge amount of hatred like muslims and blacks do . 
  butthurt ? 
  i never heard of shit like this before i found reddit . 
  suddenly its all over with prussia and kaliningrad . 
  i visited france , netherlands , switzerland , belgium , czech republic and austria . 
  so countries like luxemburg , poland and denmark are still on my to-do list . 
  im from west germany so my fav countries are holland and france . 
  where are you reading this stuff `` every day '' . 
  far right websites ? 
  same with the german subreddit . 
  yes , i am from west germany . 
  we have have a lot of beer festivals . 
  dude , nord stream = war ? 
  historical reasons all lead to hitler right ? 
  ok just sit in the corner and be afraid of everything lol . 
  why do you bring him into this discussion ? 
   every pole gets anxsious when germans and russians follow some project . 
  stop this please . 
  why do you see us as enemys . 
  we are in the eu and nato , but people like you are still fear mongering . 
  maybe you can stop browsing reddit for a time and travel . 
  maybe to germany ? 
  then you will see that the only thing more unpopular than ttip right now is war . 
  dude , can you use your brain . 
  how can we kick pole out of the country in the eu ? 
  tell me that . 
  most of you are fine people anyways . 
  i know that right wings hate everything foreign , especially muslim refugees . 
  whats after the crisis ? 
  who do you think these guys will blame for their sorry lives ? 
  it will be the lazy , leecherous east europeans all again . 
  there are over 1,5 billion muslims in this world . 
  many from them are from countries like indonesia or malaysia . 
  are we also atwar against them ? 
  this sub is getting out of control with this fear mongering and pure hatred against muslims . 
  country : germany favourite neighbour : a battle between france and netherlands . 
  least favourite neighbour : none, 
   but singapore ?
