yep !, 
  cheers , 
  i 've had sony ( ericsson ) mh100 since 2012 . 
  it does exactly this , plus it also allows me to make calls . 
  battery life is well over 20 hours in my experience . 
  lmao . 
  was never explained ( noro ) , but heavily implied . 
  28 planets with mortal life in a universe is way too low , i 'm actually insanely dissapointed with that fact , killed dbz lore for me a bit . . 
  my bad . 
  i have n't been thorough in testing the audio port . 
  it works . . kind of . 
  the sound is always quieter than the tv , so i have to mute the tv to hear the stereo line output , and it 's ... less than adequate quality compared to tv speakers . 
  so yeah , not worth it . 
  thanks for the help anyway !, 
  judging by that list , i do n't buy anything from nestl\u00e9 ( except one nestea every 3-4 months ) . 
  though i 'm european , so . . 
  please do n't rework swain , he 's fine as he is . 
  yellow submarine - najbolji hamburgeru u gradu ( imo ), 
  pizzeria chello - lazanje odlicne , doubledecker pizze odlicne . 
  honestly , just giving me a strong sincere hug ( not in a friendly way ) would melt me down to my core . 
  obviously single , and it does n't really bother me that much because i kind of do n't know what i 'm missing ( being 26 and only having one short relationship behind me ) , but i do know somewhere deep down below that even though i 'm actually annoyed with all that stuff and the effort you need to put into romantic side of things , that if someone truly appreciated me and saw that i 'm actually lonely underneath that `` i do n't really give a fuck '' exterior , i 'd be theirs , period . 
  alas , we 're not in a romantic movie , and that 's okay . 
  awesome , cheers !, 
  by any chance - do you know of something similar to that recycle bin ? 
  agreed . 
  they fucked him up , period . 
  i feel their `` reworks '' are absolute garbage 50 % of the time . 
  i 'm dreading what they 'll do to swain or diana when they get around to them , and both are champs which just need tiny buffs . 
  top kek, 
  i once downloaded a random short clip from kazaa when i was a horny 13 year old dipshit , anyway the clip showed a underage girl ( think 15-16 ) being fucked by an adult while getting constant shocks from having jump cables attached to her labia . 
  fuck that . 
  mlad sam pa me to osobno i ne poga\u0111a toliko , ali ipak ... bro , give me my effin ' bench . 
  does anyone know how to fix dxgi_error_device_removed when sli is in question ? 
  i 've got a lenovo y510p with 2x gt755m in sli configuration and i get this error whenever i use both cards ( when it 's only one , it works fine ) . 
  also , when playing stuff like lol or anything that 's not a newer title , sli works fine . 
  installed rise of the tomb raider . 
  barely finished it with the amount of dxgi_error_device_removed errors . 
  installed mirror 's edge : catalyst . 
  stopped playing it due to dxgi_error_device_removed . 
  installed mass effect andromeda . 
  stopped playing it due to dxgi_error_device_removed . 
  at this point i want to sledgehammer the fucking shit out of this laptop , or more specifically , the 2nd card in question . 
  no , it 's not defective . 
  no , the error does not pop up when i only use one card . 
  yes , i 've updated all my drivers and other stuff i could think of . 
  at this point i 'm lost . 
  i 've tried underclocking , undervolting , etc etc. 
  sometimes the error occurs after 5 hours of playing , sometimes it occurs 2 seconds after getting into the game . 
  not affected by heat . 
  not affected by computer uptime . 
  completely random as fuck . 
  does anyone know any trick i could use to make these retarded drivers stop crashing 24/7 ? 
  hated this chapter , felt that it was catered too much towards weebs and tumblr folks . 
  like , literally 1 or 2 pages would 've been enough to send the message , the rest should 've been about other shit . 
  i read tg for the story , parallelisms and beautiful quotes , not because i want it to be a hentai . 
  this was a complete miss of a chapter imo . 
  entourage here . 
  i know about that , thanks though !, 
  but of course , i need the info i asked about as well !, 
  surely someone knows :d, 
  i know about that but i do n't want to download an entire set of addons just to track one thing . . 
  title , ca n't find it :( can anyone help me out ? 
  new wayfarer ? 
  help !, 
  tv is about 9 years old philips 42pfl5522d/12 , the audio line is some grundig stereo from 2009 . 
  grundig stereo has 2x aux inputs . 
  i 've tried both of them with 2x rca ( grundig ) into ordinary audio jack with my mobile phone , played music fine on the speakers . 
  however i ca n't seem to get it to work with tv . 
  i 've tried aux ( grundig ) into headphone jack ( tv ) - nothing . 
  aux1 ( tv ) into aux ( grundig ) - nothing . 
  aux2 ( tv ) into aux ( grundig ) - nothing . 
  tried checking the sound menu for something - here are literally all the options available ( ... ) - http://i.imgur.com/w9icvqjh.jpg, 
  kinda lost here . 
  tv is n't defective at all and has no reason to have 2x aux slots defective ( the ones on the side and the ones on the back ) , hdmi slots work fine , everything works fine . . 
  anyone has any idea ? 
  i 'm sure many people who are filling instead of picking a specific role are fine with playing anything but one specific role ( for me personally it 's top lane ) , and in my opinion it 'd be a very good thing to implement . 
  i 've been wtfing the past few days about this and decided to ask away . 
  i 've had a game some time ago ( do n't think i can find it on the web anymore ) where i played flex with some irls , lower plats . 
  _ game duration was 35 minutes , and we won it . _, 
  my irl friend sivir ended up 3/4/14 with 200 cs in minute 31 , ended up getting s. enemy adc was like 10/2/10 at the moment the game ended and was at 300 cs . 
  me , playing lee sin , ended up with an a for 13/4/9 and 100 cs . 
  enemy jungler was like 0/6/9 with 100ish cs . 
  sivir had the lowest damage in the team , least damage done to turrets ( except support obv ) , and was pretty much useless the entire game . 
  i had 2nd highest damage in the team , 1st highest damage to turrets , and was legendary for the most of the game . 
  the fuck is up with that ? 
  this is not an isolated case , i 've seen people with horrible scores and performances getting various s grades and i 've seen people with imo great performances getting a 's ( and even b 's sometimes , me myself getting b for a game on elise where i had 10/1/7 and most damage done on the team ) . 
  i know it 's tied to creep score , but i 've seen people with shit creep scores ( like my friend sivir in the game i 've mentioned ) getting high grades . 
  can someone shed some light please ? 
  what are the criteria for grading ? 
  because i 'm failing to see some logic behind it . 
  most of the time it 's correct but there are times where people with abyssmal performances get high grades and people with good performances get like a - or b + . 
  ovo duguljasto govno : http://www.brbsport.hr/1382-large_default/srednji-pogon-prowheel-solid.jpg, 
  just finished me : a , and something hit me . 
  i 've read that chances are , if you send something towards a pretty distant destination in space ( we 're talking journey measured in hundreds of years ) , the following generations from the origin point ( in this case , earth/milky way ) will get there sooner than you will due to the advancements in technology ( think of us sending a probe to some x destination now , it 'll arrive in 2500 , but we develop ftl drive meanwhile so we get there sooner than the probe will ) . 
  that 's one angle i 'd like to see explored . 
  maybe not in the second advancement of the andromeda trilogy ( ? 
  ) , but definitely in the third . 
  it 'd be pretty cool if milky way humans decided to drop by , to see what 's happening in andromeda and to tell them what happened in milky way during the time period that was unaccounted for , and maybe see milky way humans/other races helping you out in the finale of this trilogy . 
  kett honestly do n't seem like the big bads here , more like pawns , and there 's that race that drove the jandaar away ( which as we saw were insanely advanced , technology wise , so they 're probably as advanced or more when compared to jandaarans ) . 
  only thing i 'm unsure of/can ' t remember is whether the andromeda initiative was a project hidden from the public or not , because if it was public i guess reapers would 've fucked the whole thing up after it took off .
