   it 's not like there are n't enough choices of things to eat in 2015 did you read the post , because s/he specifically addresses the cost of living and the cost of importing these alternative foods . 
  specific quotes or snippets might be a bit more enticing . 
  it 's quite the wall of text . 
  i have the reddit setting enabled where upvotes or downvotes hide the thread . 
  so i just downvote anything not interesting and i never see it again edit : why downvotes ? 
  he would be released once he reaches estonia though, 
  volunteering already ? 
  surely that wo n't work out for you :p, 
  it 's needlessly incendiary . 
  also we just recently had the anniversary of srebrenica and the only thing that played on the news was videos of serb soldiers murdering bosniaks ... perhaps a nicer way would have been :  i hope these countries address training the geneva convention and war crime prevention during their training exercises ... or something of the like . 
  this kind of commentary really is n't needed edit : why are you guys downvoting losmili ? 
  he is just stating his opinion, 
  we call it `` monkey '' in croatia, 
  ahhh thanks for the clarification, 
  his wife had flown out there with an ~ ~ ambassador ~ ~ edit : minister of foreign and european affairs, 
  that was definitely the case . 
  yeah that ama was one of the most fascinating things i 've read on reddit . 
  i believe that is the case . 
  but i like i said , i 've ** never ** seen them, 
  i 'm just pointing out this flawed logic :  you had nukes , the russians did n't . 
  response :  we barely had enough uranium for the bombs in japan . 
  so that implies that there were n't any more nukes which was not the case . 
  the us could have attacked russia as a nuclear nation . 
  ( i 'm not saying they should have or wanted to . ), 
  regarding the availability of future nukes :  the next atomic bomb was slated for use anytime after august 17th or 18th . 
  the third plutonium core was in fact machined and ready to go at los alamos just before the war ended . 
  yeah , that 's like costco in the us . 
  usually that person is employed by the company instead of by the state . 
  they * can * do that but i 've never seen someone . 
  but yes , there is a law that a physical person can stand outside the shop and ask for your receipt . 
  in croatia if you leave a shop and do n't have your receipt , a tax agent can fine you for it . 
  keeps everything out of the grey market, 
  neither :p, 
  i 'm not saying i hung out with a bosnian guy today drinking wine but ... . . 
  i hung out with a bosnian guy today drinking wine ... 
  know your history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_salt_lake#planned_association_with_real_madrid i think we can both agree that hooliganism sucks and i do n't think that 's likely to catch on much . 
  our sg definitely does their best to prevent it . 
  yeah the latin skinheads does n't make sense but anyways , regarding mls : it 's not trying to copy euro soccer . 
  it 's creating a fun environment for the game . 
  i used to capo for an mls team when i lived there and we had organized chants and what not but it was very fun . 
  not everything is copied but we took some good parts from different leagues across the world . 
  gazprom is love . 
  gazprom is life . 
  just to confuse things more , sprska is the serbo-croatian adjective for serbian . 
  the name means serbian republic . 
  that 's not true at all :  the group caused a raucous with their choice chants , which included racial epithets , neo-nazi propaganda and general hate speech . 
  i just wanted to let you know the plural of sushi is still sushi , 
  same with croatia : /, 
  which * you * can easily get by taking a basic test . 
  you are totally missing my point, 
  middle and upper class people writing opinions about why poor people should n't take free money is really not the type of examples i 'm looking for . 
  show me hard stats, 
  i 'm talking about places where dropping out of high school is the norm . 
  i do n't know if you went to college or not but working 40 hours a week plus a full course load is damn hard . 
  how did you learn how to interview ? 
  how did you learn how to create a resume ? 
  take a look at those jobs on the page . 
  * one * of those jobs did n't require a high school diploma and you had to operate a mule . 
  maybe at your company you hire uneducated labor but if someone comes along with a high school degree and says they need work you will hire them over the person that is under-educated . 
  well it 's more like the governor of the state ( * cough * red states * cough * ) refuses funding for various programs . 
  people also vote against their best interests as well . 
  i do n't think i 've heard of cases where people actually refuse social security ( money in pocket ) because of some politics . 
  in croatia , everyone is unemployed so it 's normal , 
   instead took advantage and basically flipped the government off . 
  can you cite me an example for the us ? 
  roma culture centers around this . 
  sure , you have a some people playing the welfare game , sometimes even to levels that are considered fraudulent but i do n't think it 's engrained the same way . 
  the reason i started this comment thread was because the original commenter painted a picture of black america being lazy and telling the government fuck you instead of taking the helping hand and working their way up . 
  my whole point is while that would be very similar to the roma it 's totally wrong . 
  the deck is stacked against poor america whether you are white or black or latino or asian or whatever . 
  so i do n't think it 's a matter of the community being lazy or pushing back against society ; it 's that they do n't like being poor because frankly it 's shitty ; it takes hard , hard work to get out of that position ; society does n't help enough to alleviate the causes of poverty . 
  some of the reasons we 've both mentioned ( institutional racism , under-education , criminal law issues ) but again the roma population is different than poor america . 
  as a note , i lived in the us for 20 years and was not distant from lower class communities . 
   and there local community does n't value education and hard work . 
  this is total bullshit and you know it . 
  not sure why you were downvoted . 
  seems like things are n't too bad in ireland . 
  i think there is a little conjecture on your part though with the schooling and the life expectancy , 
  i edited my original post so it reads a little better, 
  yes i know that . 
  i 'm saying in american culture that is * not * the case . 
  hence the difference above . 
  thank you for transparency, 
  i wanted to make a comment on this :  their situation is comparable to the most ghettoized of african-americans , who basically hate the rest of their society , feel incredibly persecuted , and do n't want to lift themselves out of poverty . 
  it 's not that people in america do n't want to lift themselves from poverty ; it 's that they ca n't . 
  people are undereducated in poorest areas and their future options are bleak . 
  this causes resentment . 
  additionally they often * are * persecuted . 
  take a look at statistics like this : http://www.nyclu.org/content/stop-and-frisk-data anyways , i just wanted to point out that there are very poor areas ( some of which are black ) but despite being poor people do want to improve their situations . 
  unfortunately , the options are n't necessarily there or are hard to come by . 
  okay i see your point and the vague language used by threefontstreet, 
  by vetoing the resolution to acknowledge it ? 
  all of these dates are from 2014 and this only addresses the concerns with protected professions . 
  best of luck !, 
  have you considered reaching out to / r/europeanparliament for the ttip thing ? 
  i was so ashamed when we passed that referendum :(, 
  it 's not real time, 
  even better, 
  or you know , hiring a driver to go through the tunnel, 
  2 holidays in one week !,
