  border 's are difficult to control if the eu insists anyone from the black sea to the pillars of hercules are legally able to move , get a job and/or claim benefits . 
  better pragmatism than dogmatism in these situations . 
  it 's dogmatism on the part of the eu become ever larger , ever more like a super-state that has led to euro debacle and the uk leaving . 
  they could always invade . 
  it 's been a disaster for europe ever since - germany is too powerful for europe and too small the world , to paraphrase somebody, 
  the only people i look down are the people i look down work in recruitment , because for they do n't seem literate enough to read my cv when they phone up !, 
  i do not understand . 
  with all respect due , i do n't think that translates well from your language . 
  it 's true of any european empire - strangely it seems to always happen with angry german tribesman crossing the rhine !, 
  i said evidence and unless you want to pass something on to the electoral commission then it 's just rumours , if that . 
  besides , before ukip even existed britain was quite eurosceptic , both labour and conservative leaders were eurosceptic , and may have voted to leave any point up to today . 
  i know the history because i live in the country . 
  strong euroscepticism did n't just appear overnight . 
  it won the war with british supplying tanks and arms - my great-grandfather was on artic convoys - and the russians would not have been able to fight back with such strength . 
  nor would the usa joined the war without britain using some very [ underhand methods ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2006/aug/19/military.secondworldwar ) to twist the us ' arm into joining the war . 
  we used all methods we could to win the war including supporting stalin and blackmailing us politicians !, 
  no , everyone was speaking hypothetically and joking about . 
  easy on retreating across the northern plain of france and then being occupied and then being liberated almost entirely by british commonwealth + empire and usa troops before declaring that you liberated yourself and then being dominated by germany anyways . 
  i think you misunderstand that this is all hypothetical . 
  and yes they 've done it before . 
  apart from france , no nuclear weapons - and nobody would like to use them except in response to a nuclear strike . 
  the us army is phenomenal by the way - it 's too big for its purpose and it would walk through europe . 
  the european project will fail like any european empire and it 's failing now . 
  there is no proof whatsoever that russia played any part in brexit . 
  yep , precisely - back in the good old days when the trains were running africa . 
  france should never isolate britain in europe . 
  in the situation , us and the commonwealth would naturally come to our aid and the europe would be reduced to smoking heap . 
  and germany stands over europe like colossus and the eu is unwilling to do anything about it . 
  that 's hope pedro , it does n't even come to that !, 
  it 's because they threatened our territorial integrity . 
  it was spain threatening british territory , not the other way around . 
  if this was game , it 'll spain hovering over ` threaten war ' option and ` gibraltar ' . 
  no , you called me an idiot - you said i had no idea what i was talking about without giving an idea why i had no idea . 
  and then went on to patronise me . 
  you should open the newspapers and read about italian banks or greece or portugal or even france and then come back to me . 
  and if you want an ad hominem attack you sound like a right nasty little prick . 
  reduced ad hominem attacks . 
  well done to you !, 
  i hate the eu . 
  it 's a smug collection of failing economies and germany . 
  no , a clear majority are against independence and an even large majority are against a referendum - breaking her own rules on when to call a referendum . 
  ( besides 38 % of snp voters voted for brexit ) . 
  sturgeon 's prematurely ejaculated , basically . 
  i never quite understood why hadrian gave up on mesopotamia . 
  build massive bloody wall across a highly contentious , barbarous , cold , wet and poor province , abandon very wealthy and civilised area with more direct access to india . 
  boom !, 
  french immigrants have it shit - they are considered foreigners both in their own country of france and when they go to their parents or grandparents homes . 
  we do n't have that slang in the uk, 
  good luck finding a german person with a sense of humour, 
  ec was fine . 
  the eu was a disaster . 
  a step too far . 
  as somebody who voted to leave this is great . 
  goodbye the eu , now for something more flexible everyone can agree on !, 
  as a human being this is terrible . 
  russia can share a bullet between a dozen men and then we can sucker punch our shared enemy . 
  yeah and then we will save you in another world war and we 'll be cool . 
  and the english navy will arrive destroy all your merchant ships and burn west-terschelling once again !, 
  i find it difficult to understand the appeal of a centrist candidate at the moment . 
  you french are all the same !, 
  good to hear that another nation is walking away from the cliff-edge of independence . 
  there are several reservoirs in greater london . 
  he was also the first to propose it under german domination !, 
  you start high with your demands and then you work until most of those demands . 
  it 's not a zero-sum game . 
  i did n't get that from what she said , i just hope for an agreement that benefits the uk and does n't cause resentment in europe . 
  but i suspect that there 's a great deal of politicking going on and it may not end up benefiting anyone ( except maybe the lawyers ) . 
  `` people awoke on 1945 to discover that there cities had mysterious caught fire and exploded and that the archives of the past 6 years had all but disappeared '', 
  sorry , but you do n't get what you do n't ask for . 
  somebody forgot to wind up the ticker ? 
  seriously though - it 's getting pretty odd how many failures this satellite has . 
  if i could put my patented tin-hat on for a moment , i know the us always opposed a competitor to its own system . 
  a few more decades then that - there 's the whole wwi issue for which they used gas extensively and rape nuns . 
  and then their experiences as imperial power in africa which was probably the most brutal , bar the belgians, 
  he ca n't have been to great , i can imagine in his class saying `` between 1939 and 1945 nothing happened whatsoever '', 
  in a few years when the uk leaves the eu , it will proclaimed again ... or as wilhelm ii stated in 1940 that `` the hand of god is creating a new world & working miracles . 
  ... we are becoming the united states of europe under german leadership , a united european continent . '', 
  seriously , how do you keep your youngest and greatest talent from leaving poland ? 
  i feel the fact that brexit happened and your own country keep voting for conservative parties ( who the old predominantly vote for ) are very much linked . 
  efficient markets hypothesis . 
  person of northern irish and scottish descent here and i do n't like it either . 
  no , the eu has proven time and time again that it only has eu expansion and centralisation ( big boys getting more power ) whilst ignoring countless problems within many eu states . 
  if it took a breather and decided that the best thing would be to stop spending other people 's money on billion pound pork barrel projects and instead loosened it 's grip on national governance - it would never have got here . 
  i would have voted remain for the ec , but i voted to leave the eu . 
  besides the eu is only working for germany and mitteleuropa at the moment and not for its core countries . 
  i do n't know - many people from outside england , scots particularly , get offended by referring to the whole of the uk as england . 
  it was a mixture of foolish cameron not asking for too much and the eu being arrogant and delivering too little . 
  it could have been different . 
  markets are fundamentally irrational . 
  british civil servants were strictly told do not plan for brexit because ... ( a ) it 'll never happen ( b ) it 'll only encourage brexit basically cameron and his government fucked up for the nth time . 
  it 's not like bankers to make threats ... / s, 
  as far as much of the western press and intelligence analysts we are still in the cold war , poking the russian bear in the eye . 
  apparently nothing . 
  nothing is sorted - besides the eu is under enough strain not to pick its fights . 
  ffs , it 's united kingdom ( of great britain and northern ireland ) . 
  i understand it 's still 18th century in parts of europe , but please get with the times !, 
   that 's exactly the point we can never agree upon . 
  the eu government is not foreign , it is 100 % european . 
  of course , since we are a union , decisions are not taken by a single nation , but they are shared . 
  each nation gets represented according to its population in the eu parliament , exactly like in the uk each city is allocated mps according to its size .
