  it is foreign because it is european - which is quite alien to us * inselaffen * we 've been lucky with our geography - but this has meant emotionally and physically we have been quite separate from europe . 
  also cap letters make you look a little retarded . 
   just give me a break . 
  you were only spared because you have the sea that divides you from that foreign dominance . 
  brits are so smug about wwii , as if it counts for something at the negotiation table . 
  again it makes us feel psychologically separate from the rest of europe . 
  we never had the hapsburgs or napoleon or russians or nazis poisoning our psychology with a feeling of perpetual fear of an army on the other side of the hill . 
   let me break the news for you . 
  nobody gives a rat 's ass about the uk winning the war . 
  germany lost it , own up to its mistakes and rebuilt its society more successfully than you have ever have . 
  bitter much , britain stood alone against nazi germany from 1940-1941 - yes again our geography defended , but it is true . 
  get over yourself !, 
  i know you may think you are right - but i deal with mathematical models at my work and they are often very simplified models that feel right and provide the answer people want . 
  and please do n't quote the imf - there reputation went to hell in the 1990s ( mexico + argentina crises ) and yet they continue to be touted as the people to trust . 
  they are a highly politicised organisation that do what is expected to provide moral support the failing economic system of neoliberalism . 
   the ` eu effect ' has contributed to # 130bn in trade , etc. 
  how do we know the alternative ? 
  this is presuming that this would never have happened . 
   in fact , the eu explicitly aids innovation through schemes like horizon 2020 and the erasmus program , which aid science funding , academic immigration to the uk , and better scientific links with the other eu countries . 
  horizon 2020 and erasmus being things that we will lose out on if brexit happens , by the way . 
  how do we know we are n't selling ourselves short by giving away our knowledge ? 
   ` that time when the uk was literally doing imperialism ' . 
  i do n't doubt that invading other countries and stealing their shit can make gdp bigger . 
  read ha joon chang on the benefits of protectionism to build economies . 
   jesus christ , what ? 
  literally every major economic body ( imf , oecd , world bank ) and forum ( igm ) disagrees with you . 
  in what world does adding barriers to trade increase growth ? 
  we know what they are worth by the uselessness of their projections . 
  i do n't care if these people say this now - but if we look at history - we can see that free trade does not boost economies , it many ways hinders economic development - see south korea 's boom from being one of the world 's poorest countries to one of the richest , all whilst protecting it 's industries from cheap , foreign goods . 
   actually , denmark did a referendum in 2015 to see if it wanted to give up its home and justice opt-outs in order to remain within europol irrelevant to my point . 
   the eu ( i do n't understand why you 're specifically bringing up the eurozone ) could have been in recession for the entire time that we 've been in it , and it still would n't have changed the fact that the size of the uk market will never match up to the combined market size of 28 countries negotiating together . 
  this is the very basis of collective bargaining at an individual level - divided we fall , united we are strong . 
  so much for the strength and innovation of the eurozone + eu economies . 
  as i 've stated before - free trade is overrated as a boost for the economy , innovation and good governance is far superior . 
  indeed , if we look at the experience of both the us in the nineteenth century and the uk in the 18th and 19th century we may say that protectionism boosts the economy . 
  international cooperation does n't need a foreign quasi-democratic institution to work - it simply does n't . 
  europol works well with plenty of countries without the odious eu government . 
  as for the economic bloc argument - the eurozone has grown , on average , slower then the uk economy . 
  it means that a foreign quasi-democratic institution can over-ride british governance . 
  i am being sarcastic , because the low-brow and meaningless response i got . 
  the fact they heavily influence the independence of the british parliament is bad enough . 
  well it takes more than laws to rule - as timothy snyder shows and we can see in the belgian congo - you do n't need laws to rule and often they are hindrance to a despots rule . 
  oh sorry you have such skills in discovering implication when it 's not there . 
  your life must be full of confusion and anger . 
  as others have pointed out - free trade is overrated . 
  we do n't have a free trade agreement with our second most important trading partner - usa - and this has hardly harmful to the trade . 
  wow , with that strength of argument you must be in the oxford debating team / s, 
  we have n't had a german-born ruler since 1760 . 
  well you ca n't read that often - and apparently you are n't much of reader anyway . 
  i never said anything about laws . 
  well done on jumping the gun and making presumptions . 
  well at least poland did . 
  typical eurotrash argument - did n't most of europe follow the us into iraq , only france being the exception ? 
  well as history has shown , and to paraphrase bakunin , people do n't mind being hit by a truncheon as long as it 's a british truncheon . 
  people are less keen to ruled over by foreign government , no matter how benevolent ( or least harmful ) than being ruled over by their own government . 
  it 's typical of continental europeans , and common in history , to bend their right knee to some foreign despot . 
  it 's not very british as we 've generally been free of foreign dominance . 
  considering just quite how boring philip hammond is infamously is , i think some of it has misunderstood or mistranslated . 
  i ca n't imagine he 'll say boo to a goose !, 
  no , they are a german dependency . 
  uk trade with the eu has been decline for years , now it 's just a minority-majority of trade . 
  besides all this talk about free trade , forgets that the uk has no official free trade agreement with the us - tariffs are at something like 2 % -6 % and we trade quite freely . 
  ( this historically exceptionally low , tariffs for much of the 18th and 19th century made up the bulk of government revenue - free trade is a myth , purely ideological ) you 've got to wonder what all, 
  if we press is to be believed - the eu is willing to do anything to stop the uk from succeeding outside the eu , even if it harms the eu . 
  they have one track-mind towards a federal europe - if the uk succeeds ( and i believe it will ) then that 'll make the eu look like a protectionist racket run purely for benefit of the eu elite ( which it is ) . 
  it is struggling from a lack of investment . 
  i do n't know - when i worked on a building site the only accident was from a polish builder causing an electrical fire . 
  we can both rely on anecdotal evidence and case study of one to back up our assertions, 
  but they are free to go to sofia and debrecen !, 
  they should be happy for this freedon !, 
  the comment below the video remind why i hate the general public so much !, 
  i 'm not angry - we 're getting our country back from a bunch of corrupt , incredibly banal people . 
  you exchanged the old saxon rule for another saxon rule from the continent . 
  they only maintain that level of support by raving the flag and blaming england . 
  typical knuckle dragging nationalist politics . 
  their education system is in meltdown , the healthcare is n't much better , they are rapidly centralising all power which is proven unpopular and damaging . 
  my relatives across the old border are certainly no fans . 
  besides , as independence looks unlikely - what is the actual point of them ? 
  no , not at all . 
  hey the experts were wrong about post-brexit !, 
  projections are worthless , especially coming from economists !, 
  i do indexing myself as part of my job , and they can skewed either way depending on preconceived notions . 
  besides , its still not as peaceful as you said it was . 
  we paid for it through our taxes into the general eu fund that helped developed infrastructure and various other things - so you fuck the rest of the eu by insanely low corporation taxes rather than developing your own industry . 
  fyi , i am of irish descent myself !, 
  that is true to some degree , but you make it easy so that vast corporations like apple pay pennies in tax every year . 
  i just do n't think sanctions really work - just look at iraq under saddam . 
  millions starved and went without a good quality life despite the oil wealth whilst saddam and his cadre lived the high-life and continued to torture and kill . 
  stop copying other countries flags and develop your own !, 
  only rich because of the corporations wanting to be in the eu without wanting to pay a reasonable amount of tax . 
  as for safest , it does have its problems with gangs ( which seem to act quite openly ) - and there is a level of lawlessness around the border . 
  and lets not forget the ira and it 's mutual enemies still operating out of the republic . 
  i do n't know - it 's hard to say , the irish republic definitely punches above its weight - just think of the huge cultural influence ireland has around the world with the added benefit of many big american corporations based on the island . 
  its had an effect on the uk economy as we ca n't export our cheese - which apparently they are quite a fan of - but its not hurting the bigwigs . 
  we - in britain - should just take all their property in london and stop creating self-harming sanctions !, 
  precisely !, 
  more like when eu breaks-down and corporations move elsewhere ireland ( irish republic ) will once become periphery !, 
  they have masses of corporations escaping tax in europe meaning it artificially boosts the gdp . 
  if it was n't for this they 'd be like father ted from the atlantic to the irish sea . 
  it because they do n't want end up like scotland - not confident to leave with a government that consistently screws-up and blames england .
