  my company is champion at shitty situations - fortunately it has few competitors so it is using monopolistic position to hire more managers , hr and marketing staff just because , whilst doing everything extremely cheaply and screwing over suppliers !, 
  i do n't feel happy working for this company . 
  the wonders of subcontracting - sometimes cheaper with limited responsibility for anyone involved . 
  at work we fired our cleaners because they were doing a shit job , so we hired a new company who then subcontracted the old company to do a shit job . 
  thanks , corrected . 
  i should know that !, 
  yeah , you should see the wb gdp graphs for the first 30 years of post-colonial african countries . 
  in most countries we see a large decline . 
  fyi , both france and the uk did plan for an ordered evacuation following a managed economic and political change , but alas for the ` winds of change ' . 
  instead we saw chaos - in some cases the fault of hasty decisions by imperial overlords to install people they thought could be trusted to govern , in many cases the africans were responsible for their own decline in economy and living standards . 
  some of the fault should also lie with the us and ( mostly ) ussr fighting to keep influence in the continent . 
  and the elephant in the room is the many tropical diseases , lack of major rivers and very short coastline relative to the size of the continent that makes industry difficult and trade even harder . 
  let 's hope these women in these poor countries get a good education and a job soon , otherwise they face live of near slavery having babies every nine months and doing all the housework and child care . 
  i know that the defeated the byzantine empire numerous times that allowed for permanent settlement in the area the rhomanoi called moesia . 
  i also know that the original tribe if bulgars were ~ ~ finno-ugric ~ ~ turkic speakers but soon they became slavic because of the numerous slavic tribes settled in the area . 
  i also know basil ii defeated the bulgarian empire and blinded many thousands of soldiers and sent the blinded soldiers home lead by single soldiers with one eye . 
  as for modern times , all i know bulgaria is one of the most corrupt states in the eu, 
  it 's slav thing !, 
  * triggered *, 
  the greek people did n't borrow that money - and nobody doubts that greece needs reform to its tax ( just see all those ` unfinished ' houses ) and benefit system ( retirement age was obscene ) . 
  but debt should be restructured so that it is payable , not so it 's persistently unpayable . 
  so to conclude from that , greece should start a genocidal war ? 
  they launched a genocidal war in 1939 on europe , robs greece of it 's gold reserves and they get their debts wiped clean in 1953 . 
  greece gets into debt due to what you say and germany is forcing them to make considerable cuts and try to pay unpayable debt on , even against the advice of imf and many economists . 
  well done germany you did what forefathers tried to do before , destroy europe . 
  what else am i supposed to say for southern irish republic and for southern irish ? 
  south of ireland suggests something off the south of ireland . 
  there are irish in northern ireland . 
  and i prefer anglo-irish for myself , i grew up in essex eating irish stew 2x a week , cooked by my nan . 
  not on this occasion . 
  i was genuinely surprised . 
  you somehow got massively offended by my surprise . 
  somehow . 
  no , i 'm of southern irish protestant descent . 
  but yeah , i do occasionally like rile them a bit - question the irish nationalist narrative . 
  ecological determinism ? 
  all of those places have relatively low rainful or relatively high summer or low winter temperatures . 
  i never realised southern irish republic was so rich . 
  so was ireland and scotland , though they kept a separate legal system . 
  it does not say wales . 
  nice to see the english language represented . 
  ireland was n't a tax haven and that fucking da valera did n't fuck things up . 
  i wish he stayed in the us !, 
  i have distant relative who is a sudeten german and is somehow still alive and lived in the uk since wwii and does n't speak a word of english . 
  fortunately , i am not a blood relative so i do n't have the taint of teutonic blood in me . 
  ireland should totally commonwealth it too !, 
  come on , we promise to actually send food next time your potato harvest is ruined !, 
  also , can you diversify your agricultural output , so we do n't have to . 
  more countries to invade the rest of europe and push its minorities into shower blocks . 
  i swear i am going to have to start a subreddit called walesdoesnotexist . 
  because the amount of times i see wales not being shown on a map , especially reddit is obscene . 
  i 'm not even welsh , i 'm a bloody englander . 
  and next to old albania there was a country called iberia that was nowhere near iberia, 
  i was n't drawing a direct line , i was saying that economies could collapse under debt , dragging the euro with it . 
  yeah , my dad in the highlands was complaining of rain and cold . 
  but then again it was the highlands . 
  but as long as we get to the urals before the [ rasputitsa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rasputitsa ) we 'll do okay . 
  yeah , because the [ euro ] ( http://wolfstreet.com/2017/06/25/contagion-from-bank-collapses-italy/ ) is n't at risk of collapsing under debt, 
  i hate you cunts even more !, 
  especially the germans , fuck em - they got their debts cancelled in 1953 and - after robbing them blind during wwii - are now forcing the greeks into extreme poverty . 
  i 'm of irish descent , but they left before the feinians handed your children 's arseholes and minds over to the papists !, 
  you should have given ireland the union jack , after all that is the real flag . 
  or an ` immoderate ' form of islam . 
  she has a heard scarf . 
  i do n't like the eu and i do n't like islamism . 
  a ) i have no idea who you are attacking here , because it 's none of the points i made . 
  b ) scotland referendum happened and the people rejected it . 
  there is very limited support for a second referendum . 
  if we had a referendum now , it is almost certain that the snp would lose . 
  i do , do n't second guess my thoughts . 
  a radical would outwardly express their religion . 
  you do not know your history !, 
  only wales joined without an act of union by an elected parliament . 
  ( admittedly the irish parliament excluded catholic minority , but that was their choice ) . 
  here you [ go ] ( https://flagspot.net/flags/qq-rb_r.html ), 
  what if i say i am liberal reformist left-wing humanist who does n't like bigotted religions being allowed to be bigotted ? 
  none of which i enforce on my wife or my own legal or theological beliefs enforce on anyone else . 
  yeah , because islamic law democratically contradict not only human rights but modern european legal norms . 
  for example , the concept of a 2nd class citizen ( i.e. 
  non-muslim monotheists - and lets not forget islamist opinions of polytheists and atheists ) or equality before the law ( i.e. 
  a man 's evidence in court is worth twice a woman ) , etc. 
  i call it ** `` where all the problems start '' ** seriously though you europhiles - what do you actually like about the quasi-democratic bureaucratic nightmare ? 
  happy 8.2 % unemployment to you too !, 
  fuck the lot of them . 
  macron is little more than scumbag banker and le pen is a filthy fascist . 
  still much stronger than much of europe . 
  maybe not all of europe , but of the major european economies . 
  not the piddling little ones that benefit from exported labour and eu grants . 
  well you all look the same, 
  we were the fastest growing economy in europe , now not so much . 
  it 's true in the uk , we 've focused so much of our time on ethnic minorities and women that white working class boys have been ignored in education . 
  i can see why they did it , but it 's time now to - to not trigger anyone - to focus on the white working class . 
  yep , the german 's got the treaty of london for killing millions upon millions upon people , southern europe gets germany holding the whip for getting in debt because of neoliberalism and poor advice by companies that benefit from their indebtedness . 
  i would n't disagree with you there . 
  yeah , everything she says is basically neoliberal bullshit . 
  she has the temerity to suggest that one reason to dislike him is because she claims he blames everything on the west and she 's a fucking uber-liberal who does blame everything on the west . 
  neutral on what exactly ? 
  i think i am right in saying that in the us , hindus have the highest average income of any major religious group . 
  yeah , this is much less reported - and if they did , members of their own family would force them to marry them , as par their culture . 
  seriously , this all goes back to our early/primitive cultures view women as tradable object .
