  labour is heavily engrained in wales - and many southern welsh hate plaid for forcing a particularly northern welsh identity on them . 
  the truth is that if southern wales hates northern wales more than any idiot boastful englishman . 
  ( and interestingly , and as a side note , despite - at least meant to be speaking the same language - north wales and south wales have a separate cultural and genetic history ), 
  i always imagine austria as some wonderland - where are they all going ? 
  it has been reported than russian incomes are lower than china . 
  shocking when you think about it - and a good reason why putin is distracting his public with foreign adventures ( which is arguably better then the west at ! ), 
  i think the uk is going to limit unskilled labour to seasonal work . 
  a ) i 'm dyslexic b ) i was n't trolling , you think i am because you 're angry and annoyed by everything . 
  whatever , you need chill . 
  wow , you sound like angry so-and-so . 
  you should calm the hell down . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to prove . 
  it happened . 
  as for the welsh i am a big fan and have visited many times . 
  it is definitely there and i think it 's very patronising to the welsh . 
  it was 267k vs 219k with only 63 % of the population voting - it could have gone the other easily . 
  it was n't cromwell - it was the plantations by scotland that cemented protestantism on the island of ireland . 
  wales did as well . 
  and not all of northern ireland voted to remain part of the eu, 
  why the blurred photo ? 
  what is the significance of this ? 
  they prefer ` trans-racial ' . 
  you can be whatever you want to be in this extreme social liberal age !, 
  haha , that is good . 
  i thought you were being racist , but it was more irony !, 
  my dad worked in immigration as part of his civil service job in the uk there were similar problems in the 2000s with every man and his dog claiming to be a kosovan albanian , half the time they were from albania ( not kosovo ) and sometimes they were from as far afield as pakistan . 
  for the most part it was difficult to tell the difference between kosovans and albanians - and the rest - non-albanians - just slowed down deportations . 
  it 's even worse now , there are 366-384m arabs ( there are 7.9 m ethnic albanians ) and countless more who speak arabic . 
  there are a few people who are willing or able to separate an iraqi from a syrian arab . 
  once in a blue moon the eu does something decent , this was one of the rare times . 
  the uk has detention centres and lawyers + liberals are trying to make them illegal . 
  in the uk because there has been 20 deaths in 27 years out of the 32k + a year - which for me sounds way below statistical significant number . 
  lawyers and regressive liberals - it 's very difficult to deport these people because this lawyers smell money and regressive liberals smell a case that they can bleed their hearts all over . 
  history , i 'm afraid . 
  a member of the australian folk-influenced pop quartet ? 
  i am british and of irish descent ( i am entitled to an irish passport ) , but facts are facts, 
  that is no argument . 
  scotland , enthusiastic about the eu ? 
  over 40 % voted to leave and 32 % of snp voters voted to leave . 
  sorry france, 
  it 's quite shocking when you hear the reasons why many of them are so determined against all hope of getting to the uk from what i can remember from various bbc radio documentaries ... * * manchester , man utd , wayne rooney !!!, 
  * * * i want to play for chelsea * * * we get a car , a house , a job ... * * * i want to go to cambridge university * i would think they would have half-a-brain just to get across europe , but no they are all deluded fantasists who think the roads are paved with gold and they can have what they want . 
  not all irish people !, 
  it is in the north and it is on the isle of ireland . 
  the british isles or some form of it has existed since times immemorial . 
  pretending it has never existed , is like italia/italy has never existed . 
  does n't matter if you do n't recognise it - for many arab countries israel does n't exist , yet it does . 
  these isles were called the british or some form of it ( pretannia , britannia , brettanike , etc. ), 
  before ireland - or a sense of irishness - was formed . 
  ( or indeed britishness , or even englishness had existed ) . 
  it 's just nationalist unhistorical ball-aching over something that they ca n't change , but get very annoyed about it . 
  pathetic . 
  it 's a french bank , banque nationale de paris, 
  it ai n't occupied , the irish republic occupying the rest of the kingdom of ireland . 
  i was talking about before rashiduns raided . 
  no , that 's not jump to conclusions / s, 
  this time britain turns a blind eye !, 
  my impression is that the zurich ` attack ' was against muslims - but there appears to be no clear motive . 
  source please !, 
  just curious !, 
  they did n't really lose the levant , they barely regained it following probably the most devastating war that region had known up to that point . 
  if rome and persia had been at full strength it is likely that islam would either had died out or existed in another form ( much less triumphal about violence ) or became an obscure desert heretical cult . 
  religious tolerance is worse now than during the ottoman empire, 
  did you lose a few during the time before 1945 when all records were lost ? 
  i think that has been overplayed by many bremainer wankshite . 
  i am certainly not rushing to get an irish republic passport . 
  still , a much higher population of jews per gentile . 
  then you must not leave your house . 
  i see them all the time around there . 
  strangely , not many jews . 
  have you been to london ? 
  i see them daily outside posh central london . 
  indeed i saw a couple burqa wearers today . 
  it seems a bit wrong when a majority of welsh people voted to leave for carwyn to go against the majority of what the nation want . 
  as for sturgeon , 2/5 scots ca n't be wrong !, 
  sorry , have i missed something - what 's about dragonball backpacks ? 
  the danish police did that on a train i was taking through denmark . 
  my wife felt slightly awkward , i thought it was awesome that the police were willing to uphold the law even if the pc nutjobs do n't like it and they might occasionally ask the wrong person . 
  far-right and populist right do n't equate - maggie thatcher was populist right , but you 'd hardly call her far right . 
  my exact thoughts !, 
  some ulster mps were saying that with the british market being so important for trade ( volume and tonnage not necessarily value ) that the irish republic might be forced to walk the same path as uk . 
  sad if it happens , but we might see the same thing with the breakup of the eu - some countries will have to decided whether they are in the sphere of influence/orbit of germany ( likely czechia , slovakia and the baltic republics ) because they are maybe too small , too weak and too poor to fight their own fights on international trade and other international issues . 
  it will interesting which way austria , poland and the netherlands will go in that situation - i would hope netherlands would seek closer cooperation with the uk ( possibly with closer ties with the commonwealth ) because we are n't too dissimilar in history , politics and culture . 
  added : poland . 
  according to one source ireland will discuss and manage british immigration on their side . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/09/britain-to-push-post-brexit-uk-immigration-controls-back-to-irish-border we already have a shared visa system - i.e. 
  if you have a visa to visit the irish republic you can visit the uk on the same visa , and vice versa . 
  essentially , we 're outsourcing migration in ireland to the irish republic . 
  british long-term plans to reincorporate the southern ireland in the uk is all coming together !, 
  as with the strongest cause of a split : religion . 
  the majority are protestant - mostly of mixed irish , scottish and english descent , and the other half are catholic mostly of irish-irish descent . 
  i come from an irish-irish and scots irish ( or ulster scot , if you prefer ) background , fortunately they left those troubled and impoverished lands last century !, 
  just a slight correction : scotland uses roman law . 
  surely mechanisation and increasing productivity through increasing morale before you invite every mohammad , zhang wei and olawale from across the planet makes more sense ? 
  but you have sunshine , we have weeks of grey skies and drizzle and the sun going down just after 5pm, 
  making their pennies before they can no longer just turn up on a coach at victoria, 
  this is the eu bricking it after many years of austerity due to the poor performance of euro countries , and the resultant in the growth of the far right . 
  this will do little for the poorly paid . 
  maybe he did it wrong and upset the locals !, 
  it 's an interesting twist in the story .
