no , i am not - where 'd you get that idea ? 
  i 'm for less immigration/emigration . 
  i am not one of those who does n't know what liberalism is - i am well educated , i have two degrees from top uk universities . 
  my bug bear is the same the left had 20-30 years ago - market liberalism ( globalisation ) undermines the working and middle classes . 
  and for me social liberalism undermines the state - the only workable solution and demonstrable solution we have to keep ourselves secure . 
  you have suckered into globalisation by your freedom to travel across europe and your iphone - whilst uneducated are abandoned to live miserable , meaningless , short lives . 
  my main political influences are john n. gray , slavoj zizek and thomas hobbes . 
  i bet without searching the internet you 'd even recognise who these major political philosophers are . 
  and your point being ? 
  its fears reiterated all over europe . 
  these will soon be eu citizens and will be free to live and work anywhere they like - which could well be the uk . 
  this is actually very funny . 
  exactly , this is precisely why i voted to leave . 
  the eu was - as all good liberals do - wants to open it 's borders to everyone it sees fit , disperses them throughout the eu and then they all end up in london , paris , berlin , vienna , stockholm , etc. 
  apparently the seafront of mogadishu is a really buzzing place now . 
  i am not even joking !, 
  i worry that much of the money will be lost to corruption and/or will end up flowing back into the eu as these poor folk try to seek out a better life in europe . 
  if this works , then great . 
  an united germany is a terrible idea . 
  they 'd prefer rule from berlin . 
  there 's a long and winding history to that , we did n't hand them over we negotiated the use of the missiles not the payload . 
  quite well , they did n't have the manpower to take any of the airfields . 
  you 're welcome . 
  is this going to lead to nexit ? 
  come you grumpy weed smokers , time for the the queen of england to accept the offer of 1583 !, 
  that 's sounds almost even more unrepresentative then the uk election system !, 
  ukip got 3.5 m votes and got 1 mp !, 
  greens got 1.2 m and 1 mp !, 
  how does that work ? 
  nigel farage never got in power and will never get in power . 
  boris johnson is a muppet , but he 's quite liberal on most things . 
  i 'm glad i live in the uk - we are n't about to get le pen dictating our trade deals and we have a huge moat that even the most determined russian tanker wo n't be able to cross . 
  goodbye europe , it 's been kinda nice knowing you !, 
  yep . 
  soon it wo n't be milka - it 'll be hydrogenatedfata, 
  it seems to me whatever the us food giant mondelez does just infuriates people !, 
  in the uk they bought up the famed chocolate brand cadbury 's saying they would n't move jobs abroad , so they moved jobs abroad , then reduced the size and quality of the chocolate and also changed the shape - people like me now look elsewhere if they want chocolate . 
  this is n't moral argument , it 's about the british/european/us unskilled labour , not about everyone . 
  if we truly cared about everyone we 'd give all our salaries to the developing world . 
  these countries will soon reaching the middle income trap because they wo n't be able to escape being exporters of cheap goods and skilled labour . 
  both the leave campaign director and the cofounder of leave.eu have both said they accept the court case . 
  despite what you numpties may think , many of us voted to leave because for greater democracy and sovereignty . 
  i personally thought that it needed the stamping of wm before we leave , it would not be constitutional . 
  it will actually increase the legitimacy of brexit and that is what is needed . 
  the leader of vote leave did n't oppose such an option - neither did most upstanding supporters of leave . 
  nobody knows anything , but sterling has been overvalued for decades because the markets are bent and are based purely on sentiment and nothing to do with any reason or fact . 
  any fall in sterling is bringing it closer to where it should be and make the uk economy more competitive . 
  a cheaper pound will make both our world renowned ` invisible ' exports cheaper ( which rely far less on physical imports ) and our high-value , technological , skill based exports ( which rely less on imports ) cheaper and closer to their value . 
  i know i have . 
  there 's no point you telling me . 
  who is doing better ? 
  the uk has outgrown the eurozone, 
  maybe they will go to the uk instead ? 
  we all know the euro has been an unmitigated disaster , so why deny it ? 
  maybe you had none , apart from insulting me - which means you lost the argument . 
  despite the predictions of many economists the sky has n't fallen in yet . 
  companies are still investing , gdp is up , we 're still the 5th largest economy , etc. 
  we 'll be laughing in the years to come when you guys are still stuck under that corpse known as the euro !, 
  i do n't reckon that 's the plan . 
  i presume , and i hope , that there would be a limit on any more applying for jobs below a certain earning level . 
  also , there is an argument forwarded by paul mason that low-income jobs only survive because the cost of automation is more than the cost of the continued use of cheap labour - the best example being the hand washing of cars . 
  undoubtedly it would be much cheaper to use automation but because wages are so low and there is such plentiful labour it is simply not worth the investment . 
  and i suppose obnoxiousness is part and parcel ? 
  the poles where i worked were loud and obnoxious and only talked amongst themselves . 
  so i would n't want any one to make generalisations . 
  lovely , go wash your mouth out !, 
  seriously though , if you are just going to insult somebody it just shows how weak your argument is and how somebody has already defeated whatever you are saying or believe before you 've even touched the keyboard . 
  same in the uk and that 's why so many voted to leave . 
  immigration was the primary reason . 
  if the eu was capable of not being so dogmatic about free movement of people or less pro-market and create an eu-wide minimum wage , then there 'd be far fewer intra-eu migrants and uk may never voted to leave, 
  what about belarussians ? 
  it 's time for poland to stand against the brain drain and support an end to free movement !, 
  that 's an argument for an european-wide minimum wage , obviously relative to local conditions . 
  i wonder if it 'll go up when , or if , hard brexit happens . 
  fyi , 790k poles live in the uk . 
  probably on new ways to surrender !, 
  do n't lecture me on history , i am quite aware of some cross-channel events - but mostly because of the english channel , england-uk has meant with always felt quite separate . 
  you must be fantastic company !, 
  they still got it massively wrong ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/10/06/christine-lagarde-defends-imfs-very-very-bad-brexit-warnings/ i know you german 's like to bully , but i think you 're going too far . 
  pleasant fellow , are n't you ? 
  i was talking about england which you joined by choice in 1707 . 
  sadly , or maybe not , both james vi/i and william of orange sadly never got to equalise low in our realm . 
  there 's great more to the uk leaving the eu than press disinformation - there 's the typical attitude to europe to being ` over there ' . 
  we 've never felt especially european because we live on an island , we have n't been successfully invaded since 1066 , we have common law and not roman law and we had a massive empire for centuries , so our focus has always been overseas and that could be just about anywhere . 
  and guardian article ... idiot ... i do n't read the daily mail !, 
  because many economists did predict an instantaneous decline in the uk economy , despite this the uk economy has performer very well . 
  i know it 's hard for you europhiles to swallow , but i just think the eu has been setup with too little concern for economic growth and too much for consensual political progress . 
  such a common argument , we 'll wait and see - but despite the common prediction by economists and politicians the british economy is growing faster than the euro zone average . 
  where did i mention romanians ? 
  opposition to mass migrancy is n't just a british thing , it 's everywhere . 
  people tend not to like too many outsiders . 
  i did n't say everyone , i said anyone . 
  whilst the eu is permanent crisis due to the euro and germany - the eu 's biggest economy - is running an excessive trade surplus due to the cheapness of the euro and german 's are poor consumers ; making it harder for the other economies to compete by devaluing their currency and exporting their goods . 
  the thing is - we 're doing far , far better than any of the economists thought we 're going to do . 
  imf apologised the other week for making wrong predictions . 
  we 've got inflation in a world that wants inflation . 
  middle-class has been getting poorer since the 1970s , since the beginning of the new globalisation - against cheap , un-unionised labour , against free flow of capital allowing for the super-rich to slosh their money around and against cheap goods . 
  this brexit vote was vote against this . 
  i 'm sorry , nobody bunch of london liberals , people living in the westminster bubble and a bunch of virtual signalling snpers want more migrants . 
  that 's why so many people voted to leave .
