  it never was , even in the early church ( the very beginning of christianity ) . 
  * `` a woman must receive instruction silently and under complete control . 
  i do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man . 
  she must be quiet . 
  for adam was formed first , then eve . 
  further , adam was not deceived , but the woman was deceived and transgressed . '', 
  ( 1 timothy 2:11 -14 ) * `` women should keep silent in the churches , for they are not allowed to speak , but should be subordinate , as even the law says . 
  but if they want to learn anything , they should ask their husbands at home . 
  for it is improper for a woman to speak in the church . 
  did the word of god go forth from you ? 
  or has it come to you alone ? 
  if anyone thinks that he is a prophet or a spiritual person , he should recognize that what i am writing to you is a commandment of the lord . 
  if anyone does not acknowledge this , he is not acknowledged . '', 
  ( 1 corinthians 14:34 -38 ), 
  do you have any specific examples ? 
  then you 're picking a sect founded by a heretic , drunk and fornicator instead of the church founded by christ . 
   the bible contradicts itself a lot where ? 
   so it would only make sense for the church to contradict the bible too no , it would n't . 
  there 's one church that christ established and its doctrines have been preserved from error for about 2,000 years . 
   outrage for conservative church goers there . 
  a lesbian woman priest you do n't even have to be conservative to realize how erroneous most sects of protestantism are . 
  lesbianism and female priests are forbidden in the bible . 
   increase due to refugees why are people making a fuss about the headline of gazeta polska , then ? 
  they 're not wrong , though . 
  there 's constant chatter about outbreaks of diseases such as tuberculosis in refugee camps in germany , but the government/media sweeps it under the rug . 
   what did he get after he helped austria ? 
  austrians thanked us by participating in the partitions of our commonwealth . 
  i 'm starting to think that we should 've sided with the turks . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the belgian congo might be one of the only examples where at one point colonialism went awry , but that does n't negate all the other positive developments that occurred there . 
  where are you getting this information ? 
  nobody was paid . 
  each member of parliament was allowed to invite 50 people . 
   successful for whom ? 
  for everyone . 
  the country exported * very * profitable crops and over 30 % of the population was employed on white farms . 
  today they 're taking these lands away from whites by force and often killing the farmers . 
  what state is the country in today ? 
  the entire population is starving and is dependent on handouts from western countries . 
  completely different from what it was a few decades ago . 
   life under colonialism can not be deemed `` flourishing '' . 
  it certainly can because it was . 
  the quality of life was much better under colonial rule and many africans agree . 
   do you believe current day africa would have been a better place without past colonialism , or not ? 
  no , of course not . 
  today africa is slowly going back to what it was before colonialism : utter chaos and no order . 
  colonialism actually advanced the population , in terms of technology , economy and even education . 
  definitely . 
  look at the crime statistics under white rule versus black rule today . 
  it 's complete chaos over there . 
  until mandela took over , there used be 100-200 murders a year . 
  today there 's around 25,000 a year . 
  [ here 's an chinese outsider 's perspective on african independence . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqo7zlghej4 ), 
  the guy established the most successful colony and eventually country in all of africa . 
  the population flourished much more under him and his successors than it does today . 
  polish ~ ~ concentration ~ ~ torture camps is the new thing . 
  why should everyone ` share the load ' , though ? 
  all the countries should all work on securing the borders of the eu . 
  i 'm sure you 'd see a completely different response if brussels asked for countries to contribute soldiers to enforce borders rather than asking for countries to take in endless amounts of immigrants . 
   eventually tusk will bring poland in line anyway . 
  tusk and his party were ousted . 
  seriously , get to bed . 
  my vacation is n't going to pay for itself . 
  that 's a fun fantasy , but you should really get to bed . 
  you have a long day of working tomorrow and you know a large chunk of your pay will come my way . 
   donald tusk can stay with us i 'd be so happy if you guys kept him . 
   you can work in the vodka factory in gdansk for 45 years . 
  thanks , but i 'll just live off the eu money . 
  keep sending it , lad . 
  here we go , some african is trying to declare who 's european . 
  trump just landed in warsaw an hour ago , his first stop before the g20 meetings . 
  i think it 's pretty comfy . 
   `` yeah but people will forget about us cause elections '' . 
  no , merkel will pretty much make sure we 're not affected by this ( like she has so far ) . 
  she is polish , after all . 
  i 'd be more worried if schulz was going to win . 
   you are clearly motivated by xenophobia and islamophobia . 
  obviously . 
  nobody here likes them or wants them . 
   i would rather have 2.3 million grateful muslims than 2.3 million racist poles . 
  everybody wants to be with their own kind . 
   not one single pole on this thread is willing to disagree with these sentiments . 
  like i said before , you did n't stumble upon some revelation . 
  look at the article in the op . 
  i 'm not really complaining . 
  western europeans can moan all they want that we 're not accepting immigrants , but they 're too limp-wristed to do anything . 
  now that merkel is about to win , she 'll ensure that we do n't have to be in the spotlight of this fiasco . 
   the poles are just racists this word is really overused . 
  i do n't dislike these people because of their races , i dislike them because of how they collectively act once they 're in europe . 
   you stood by when the jews were killed i 'm not sure if you 're baiting as a troll , but if you 're not , then you really need to pick up a history book . 
  catholic poles were slaughtered right alongside jews , often trying to help them . 
   you 're standing by now while the muslims are seeking safe haven . 
  i 'm really going to assume you 're an immigrant to europe yourself . 
  the majority of these people are not seeking a safe haven , less than half of these immigrants are from syria or other war-torn countries . 
  the majority are coming from peaceful areas ( which are often tourist attractions , e.g. 
  tunisia or morocco ) to claim benefits . 
   and the real hypocrisy is that western europe accepted poles by the millions when they needed work . 
  yeah , well we really did them a favor . 
  you need someone to actually work when a huge fraction of your population is working-age , but sitting around on social benefits .
