do consider though that it likes to influence politics and is happy to use its bank to do the mafia dirty work . 
  do you know of any examples ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  italians here are so anti-theist that they would n't even want to support the church that accounts for a huge chunk of their yearly tourism . 
  have you ever seen how well attended the weekly papal masses are ? 
  also throw in the various church holidays throughout the year that attract even more people . 
  you should n't complain , italy probably makes back double from the amount of tourism in the vatican . 
  not everyone wants to be as progressive as you . 
  sounds like you ca n't handle the banter . 
  people are skeptical of an ideology that dictates the destruction of our societies . 
  atheism is a cancer that destroys a functioning society . 
  wikipedia uses some old statistics , but now the estimates say that there 's [ 300,000-400 ,000 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/ukraines-refugees-find-solace-in-poland-europes-most-homogenous-society ) of them here . 
  i doubt that will happen , though . 
  sad to see . 
  [ radical papists are trying to incorporate czechia into the catholic state of poland . 
  [ portugal knows that feel . 
  [ heaven ai n't free , either ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/972/235/daa.png ), 
  we need nuclear missiles , not helicopters . 
  make minsk great again ? 
  beautiful !, 
  reee w\u0142adys\u0142aw , i will avenge you . 
  that 's nowhere in the article , what 're you talking about ? 
  u/johnnashlover  father michael doyle said the seven went to the pub in quay street to celebrate the ordination of father peter mclaren at cardiff metropolitan cathedral of st david near queen street . 
  he said it was a double celebration because fr mclaren was the second to be ordained to the priesthood in a week . 
  nope , catholics worship neither . 
  we worship god alone . 
   idolatrous worship of saints saints are the perfect role models of how christians should live their lives . 
  we ask for their intercession , which is like asking a friend to pray for you . 
  https://www.catholic.com/tract/the-intercession-of-the-saints  relics relics help us recall the particular person that we 're asking to intercede on our behalf in our prayers to god . 
  those are n't contradictions , the website uses out of context straw man arguments that can easily be refuted . 
  tell me which one you find most convincing and i will show you that there 's no contradiction . 
  god . 
  you have to look at the context , beginning in genesis where god gives dominion to man and man decides to follow satan thus giving dominion to him . 
  however , god is more powerful than satan and he still owns the earth . 
  i will certainly be praying for you and i hope that you repent from your nihilistic outlook . 
  it 's not a good way to live . 
  it 's nice to see you here . 
  you 're definitely right . 
   primordial soup , billions of years of evolution right , but where did that all come from , that first organism ? 
  what created it ? 
  i 'm curious to find out what theory you subscribe to . 
   average by what standards ? 
  these are the teachings of the church . 
   a fanatic a fanatic for christ , sure . 
   i do n't really care interesting . 
  what do you think is the origin of life ? 
   15 he said to them , `` but who do you say that i am ? '' 16 simon peter answered , `` you are the messiah , the son of the living god . '' 17 and jesus answered him , `` blessed are you , simon son of jonah !, 
  for flesh and blood has not revealed this to you , but my father in heaven . 
  18 and i tell you , you are peter , and on this rock i will build my church , and the gates of hades will not prevail against it . 
  19 i will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven , and whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven , and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven . '' ( matthew 16:15 -19 ), 
  thanks . 
   may god bless you and feel free to pm me if you have any questions about the faith . 
  nope , i 'm just an average catholic . 
   that makes you a misogynistic , homophobic , racist ethnic cleanser and a religious terrorist . 
  before you declare me as all of those , we have to make a distinction between the old testament ( old covenant ) and the new testament ( new covenant ) . 
  the old testament is binding to the people that it was delivered to , the jews . 
  we as christians follow the new testament . 
  thus , you do n't see us following laws such as those that enforce certain diets or clothing . 
  that 's why i love it when people who do n't know much about the bible use straw man arguments and call christians hypocrites because we eat shellfish or wear clothes from mixed fabrics . 
   people who actually have read the bible also know that jesus said that all those horrible laws of the old testament are still valid for his followers . 
  where did he say that and which laws ? 
  refer to the point i made above . 
  the nicene creed ratified what the majority of christians already believed , what was written in scripture and it refuted the arian heresy ( which a small minority of christians believed and was a rather new concept at the time ) . 
  also for / u/narwi, 
  wtf i 'm a heterodox christian now, 
  there 's no contradictions in the bible , it 's the word of god . 
  that 's why i 'm asking them to give me a verse that they believe is a contradiction and i will clarify it . 
   your assumption that bible should be followed word for word and that religion should n't change to suit modern times is just that - an arbitrary assumption . 
  god 's teachings are eternal and they are not confined to a single time period . 
  what exactly do you define as ` modern times ' and why should this period nullify the teachings that have been accepted for thousands of years ? 
   just like the idea that a lesbian could be a priest is just an arbitrarily decided rule . 
  what 's your reasoning for this ? 
  the definition of marriage , condemnation of sodomy and the nature of the priesthood is clearly addressed in the bible . 
  even a child that has read scripture will tell you the same thing . 
   your saviour he died for all of us , this includes you . 
   you are encouraged to accept him . 
  christs reaffirms that marriage is between a man and a woman : * `` he answered , ` have you not read that he who made them from the beginning made them male and female , ' and said , ` for this reason a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife , and the two shall become one ' ? '', 
  ( matthew 19:4 -5 ) he reaffirms genesis 2:24 , where god institutes marriage to be between a man and a woman : * `` therefore a man leaves his father and his mother and cleaves to his wife , and they become one flesh . '', 
  ( genesis 2:24 ) as for female clergy , we just have to look at the actions of christ . 
  he ordained his twelve male apostles to the priesthood just as they ordained males to be their successors . 
  this apostolic succession has continued until today . 
   `` christian '' what makes you you think i am not a christian ? 
  i still do not see any contradictions in that list . 
  which verses do you mean ? 
  then can you enlighten me as to which dogmas , doctrines of teachings of christ were changed or contradicted during these councils ? 
  the answer is : none . 
   the purpose of an ecumenical council is to define doctrine , reaffirm truths of the faith , and extirpate heresy . 
  yeah , but in this case the finnish op referred to christianity . 
  everyone has a chance to repent . 
  could you provide a coherent argument for why you think so ? 
  the first link i clicked on there directed me to a site with the title : ` possible gay stories in the bible ' . 
  that 's not specific and this lets me know the entire website is based on straw man arguments . 
  if he thinks the bible contradicts itself , then i 'd love to discuss the examples he has in mind . 
   homosexuality/lesbianism * `` for this reason god gave them up to dishonorable passions . 
  their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural , and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another , men committing shameless acts with men and receiving in their own persons the due penalty for their error '' ( rom . 
  * `` just as sodom and gomorrah and the surrounding cities , which likewise acted immorally and indulged in unnatural lust , serve as an example by undergoing a punishment of eternal fire '' ( jude 7 ) . 
  * `` do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of god ? 
  do not be deceived ; neither the immoral , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor sexual perverts , nor thieves , nor the greedy , nor drunkards , nor revilers , nor robbers will inherit the kingdom of god '' ( 1 cor . 
  there 's many more examples like this . 
   female clergy women have their own roles within the church , but being priests is not one of them .
