  you would be fool to believe otherwise . 
  you can fool yourself though but not us . 
  you can try , but eh . 
  as the title puts it well , we do not buy it . 
  you only believe this because you know that cyprus will choose the eu over turkey . 
  you only make yourself the fool . 
   we are discussing politics if you are not aware . 
  but you 're trying to make it into a false distinction . 
  i think we could both agree that political decisions should try to follow moral reasons . 
  the only reason why this is a difficult political situation is because of people like you who go against the moral decision because you know you will lose . 
  if you stop doing that , the `` political '' issue disappears . 
  you keep trying to offload the responsibility to `` politics '' and whataboutisms , but the simple fact of the matter is that it 's all people . 
  people like you and me . 
  and if you want change , if you want a resolution , then you need to instigate that change . 
  your only decision is if you want to do the right thing or the wrong thing . 
   they were delivered to greece after turkey was defeated in a war actually . 
  yes . 
  they 're explicitly part of the greek state . 
   cyprus is bound to be controlled by either greece or turkey . 
  and throughout the history the island was never independent anyway . 
  it was either venetians ( italians ) , greeks or turks who ruled it . 
  cyprus is an independent state , and it is it that will make the choice . 
  not turkey . 
   good to see that someone is honest and sincere enough here to admit that , rather than pulling out `` but we care about cypriots ! '', 
  the two are not in opposition . 
   i can say that eu is in the wrong in many ways , shape or form . 
  this does not form any political argument . 
  if you need to find a political argument , you 've already lost the moral argument . 
  so far , all i hear is that you find no compelling reason for the turkish presence on cyprus , and consequently depend on whataboutism and `` political arguments '' . 
   it is as if we propose greece to withdraw its army from the aegean islands . 
  they 're not islands invaded and annexed by greece . 
  they 're islands that are explicitly part of the greek state . 
  cyprus is a separate nation , and neither greece nor turkey has any business being there . 
  yes , the proposal is to the benefit of the eu . 
  literally any progress on this issue is to the benefit of the eu . 
  because turkey is in the wrong in every way , shape , or form . 
  yeah , you started thinking and that 's where you went wrong . 
  if you stack shit neatly enough , it 'll stay upright forever . 
  i wonder who the first president with a stack of horus heresy books on his desk will be . 
  [ they 're not sure what the response was , as nobody can actually understand danish anymore . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  i wish the crimes of the capitalists would be treated the same way . 
  considering fyroms usurpation of greek history as its own , i 'd say greece has a strong case . 
  while parts of ancient macedonia were situated in modern fyrom , the population is slavic and has no cultural or social ties to ancient macedonia . 
  could people stop saying this shit ? 
  i think his point was that when people complain about `` being downvoted for telling the truth '' it 's usually just that they said some crazy shit , instead . 
  nobody 's going to contest that muslims are overwhelmingly responsible for terrorist attacks today , that the current immigrant issue makes terrorist attacks more likely , or that reducing or eliminating muslim immigration would affect the issue . 
  [ but just a few decades ago , terrorist attacks were more frequent , and death tolls were much higher , and europeans managed to do that mostly without the help of muslim terrorists . 
  ] ( https://qz.com/558597/charted-terror-attacks-in-western-europe-from-the-1970s-to-now/ ) so , in the same way that we do n't paint all the irish and basque people as terrorists or a problem that needs to be eliminated , we do n't paint all muslims as such , either . 
  a rational discussion about terrorism and islam , based on the facts and with calm and reasonable discourse , is always possible on this sub-reddit and happens in every european country , despite what some say . 
  so when people start talking about being oppressed for sharing their opinion , it 's usually because they said something like what / u/crocoduck1 used as an example . 
  my question here is how frequently have these extremist preachers been there ? 
  are these the only examples of it ? 
  because if so , maybe they just invite people of differing views for discussion , or maybe they invited them in good faith . 
  both of those things happen occasionally in all kinds of organizations . 
  [ i found a kitty !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/@37.9729321,23.7279878,3a,75y,318.32h,89.84t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s0yeua-b0ysr2m3fudub79q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  in norway it 's slang for fucking ( well , `` pule '' is ) . 
  as a consequence of the nazis coming to power . 
  no , but calling this the `` new europe '' is kind of silly in that regard . 
  i 'm preeeeeeeeeeeetty sure we 've had people calling for the killing of jews before . 
  may even have had it as a government policy in one of the most populous countries in europe . 
  may even have fought a world war as a consequence . 
  i have no idea what that question even means . 
   do n't see anorexic girls because of model ads either yes , you do . 
  this kind of advertising is all shown to have a contributing effect on negative self-image , anorexia , bulimia , and obesity . 
  are you a 14-year-old girl ? 
  then you 're not consuming the media they are where they 're exposed to it . 
  fashion magazines , music videos , etc. 
  it is already being targeted ... . . 
  it 's not like we 're in an either/or situation here . 
  we can ban extremely thin models and go after sugary drinks/unhealthy food . 
  which is completely irrelevant . 
  france is n't imposing this ban because they want more fat people , involving the motives of completely separate organizations is just nonsense . 
  but they 're not obese because they see a lot of ads of obese people , are they ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  do you see ad upon ad of obese models where you live ? 
  they 're banning extremely thin ** models ** , not extremely thin people . 
  obese models that children and women aspire to look like do n't exist . 
  talk about missing the point . 
   he could care less * could n't . 
  borda count or bust !, 
  ahhh , stab alley . 
  brings back memories . 
  yeah , that 's the excuse people throw around all the time , but we know it to be objectively 100 % false . 
  telling people what to do and what not to do is the business of government . 
  no man is an island , and everything you do affects everyone else , so i will tell you what to do and not to do . 
  just like i tell you not to smoke in restaurants , and not to buy guns from shady characters in back alleys , and to adhere to traffic rules , and to please not kill people . 
  what are you even talking about , dude ? 
  nobody said their rights were more important . 
  nobody 's talking about the decay of society . 
  take your butthurt somewhere else if you ca n't argue properly . 
  retail is n't really the profession people with a lot of options are in . 
  and they do n't have to choose another profession because sunday shopping is n't a thing in norway . 
  also , retail workers are already compensated for working sundays ( occasionally doing inventory and stuff ) , and the unions are against sunday shopping , so they already have retail workers ' backs . 
  it 's not about working x number of days a week , it 's about a shared day off from work and having a day for retail workers where they do n't get called up and asked to work . 
  til all governments are illegitimate . 
  nobody 's inconvenienced by it . 
  in fact , people here support it . 
  they do n't need another day of consumerism , a race to the bottom for retail employees , or the end of a shared day off .
