  if any militia actually did manage to attack poland , it would just give nato the perfect excuse to deploy whatever they want in ukraine , and putin would n't be able to do anything about it . 
  do n't tempt us ... 
  310 nok for bread , pasta , cheese , and chopped tomatoes ? 
  and that 's the cheapest ? 
  yeah , that 's bullshit . 
  bread : 20-30 nok average pasta : 15-30 nok average cheese : 60 nok average chopped tomatoes : 10-30 nok average not cheapest , but average . 
  you can easily get all of it for 70 nok cheap in obs ! , rema , kiwi , or whatever . 
  and that 's not for one person . 
  that 's for 3-4 people . 
  and you can go even cheaper . 
   police threatens people average 40 times a year with a gun i love the wording here . 
  it sounds like finnish police randomly threaten people with guns to meet some yearly quota . 
  [ we 're the best ... 
  around !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/viyqtkdmxqg?t=24s ), 
  obviously , the romanian looks like a vampire . 
   people should be able to do with their property as they please . 
  fuck no . 
  are they freeing the world , or attempting to enslave it ? 
  i 'd vote for the netherlands or hungary . 
  well , by american standards . 
   economic power can not exist without political rights to hold on to it . 
  to make this very simple : if the mob has the right to take your shit away , does n't matter how much shit you have . 
  if the mob can execute you by voting , nothing can save you . 
  problem is that neither do we really want mob power , nor is the mob particularly endowed with political rights or with the education to exercise the rights it does have . 
  do n't argue as if history did n't happen . 
  ... there 's a reason why it 's called an * economic * aristocracy . 
  inherited wealth , nepotism , exclusionary networks , etc. 
  money is power , and any excessive concentration of it in the hands of a few will override * any * rights the rest have . 
  ~ ~ now , you have yet to explain why basic income acts as progressive taxation , why flat tax would be less loophole-prone , and why a simple tax system is a better tax system . ~ ~, 
   not really , because basic income does act as a progressive taxation , since the people at the bottom get back from the state far more than they pay in taxes , while for the people at the top $ 20-30k a year is candies . 
  what you said here makes no sense . 
  at all . 
  it has nothing to do with progressive taxation or income inequality . 
   and having a flat tax rate simplifies the taxation a lot , making it cheaper and with less loopholes that the rich can abuse . 
  first of all , nothing about flat taxation makes it less loophole-proof than progressive taxation . 
  second of all , the `` simplicity '' of the tax system means fuck all , its the effect of the system that is important . 
  supporting a flat taxation system is basically saying `` i want to establish an economic aristocracy . '', 
  eh ... part of the function of taxation is to redistribute wealth so that there is n't substantial pooling of wealth at the top , so even with basic income a flat tax is stupid . 
  we 've caught you unawares , finland !, 
  resistance is futile !, 
  '' . . due to a severe case of putin . '', 
  not even remotely comparable . 
  your `` ukrainian perspective '' bullshit has already been dismissed in other comments . 
  you repeating that idiocy again simply shows that you have no interest in actually getting the truth , but rather to regurgitate the same talking points over and over like the shill you are . 
  well , it 's obvious at this point that you are mentally retarded or a russian shill . 
  it was obviously a mistake , pro-russian retards shooting at a blip , hoping it was a ukrainian fighter , or transport plane , or something like that . 
  you look pathetic trying to spin this extremely straightforward fuckup into something you can blame on ukraine . 
  russia , the us , and several other countries have shot down civilian planes before . 
  if they can do it , the probability of pro-russian rednecks shooting down a civilian plane is quite good . 
  did i say russian personnel were there at the time ? 
  stop saying cui bono , it does n't make you sound smarter . 
  it 's not as if the pro-russian militias do n't have russian military advising them and military personnel in the militias , operating an aa vehicle is n't an insurmountable task . 
  u jelly ? 
  as long as it 's not named `` the united states of '' . 
  us butthurt mode engaged . 
  uhm , that 's not how mine fields work . 
  they will have safe routes and open corridors ( mainly where the main roads are ) that allow for about the same amount of traffic to pass through if they want it to . 
  mine fields are used to restrict maneuverability for the enemy and to delay their advance , not to restrict your own movement . 
  edit : also , they 'd just invade from russia . 
  not from crimea . 
  it will force the individual nato member states to have an actual position on the matter , and the outcome can put more pressure on russia . 
  poland 's gdp growth did not suffer as a consequence of joining the eu . 
  check the numbers for 04-08 and 09-13 . 
  [ too bad the facts do n't agree with you . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?page=2 ), 
  you may want to specify exactly what growth rate you 're talking about . 
  because poland has n't benefited at all from eu membership ... 
  that 's not what it measures , though . 
  it simply measures the order the competitors finished in . 
  the difference between gold and silver is no greater than the difference between 49 and 48 . 
  `` winning '' is a subjective metric that could be worth a billion , or it could be worth nothing . 
  if you 're going to measure what op and the comment op try to measure you 're going to need something more logical and rational than that . 
  why would n't two silver be worth more than one gold , though ? 
  edit : misread . 
  ------------ he said : gold is 3 silver is 2 bronze is 1 last i heard , 3 is more than 2 . 
  dude , you sound like a total ass right now . 
  do n't tell people how much or how they 're supposed to care about things . 
  we do n't give a fuck , leave us alone . 
  there 's plenty of people , books , and officials who are more than welcome to entertain your stupid `` return to your roots '' trip , go bother them . 
  [ here 's the link i promised . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gniorew3ury ), 
  despite earlier detection and more treatment the mortality rates are pretty much the same for the us and the uk . 
  the earlier detection does nothing to help patients get more effective treatment . 
  the frequency of scanning in the us is completely non-effective and wasteful . 
  [ here 's a video on the subject . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gniorew3ury ), 
   a better comparison to analyze that is 5-year survival rates for people with common forms of cancer this is one of the ways in which us propagandists use statistics deceitfully . 
  cancer survival rates are based on the frequency of early detection , not quality of care . 
  because the us spends excessive amounts of money screening for cancer it is detected earlier , and because survival rates are based on the time of detection , us cancer patients ` perform ' better on yearly survival rates . 
  it is a completely useless statistic for determining quality of care , and another example of how the us health care system is wasteful . 
  i 'm on my mobile right now , but i will update with links at a later date . 
  update : [ here is the link . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gniorew3ury ), 
  never had any issues with them . 
  that 's , like , the most pathetic thing ever . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  try again . 
  what were you trying to say with your comments ? 
  what exactly are you trying to accomplish right now ?
