  the state acts with the consent of the people . 
  in norway they tried to push for sunday shopping , but people were like `` how about you go fuck yourself instead ? '', 
  people do n't want another day where they 're pushed into more consumption . 
  remove the sunday shopping ban and you take away the one day part-time retail workers have to not get called up and asked to work . 
  it 'll just be a race to the bottom until everyone 's expected to work that day , and the majority of the population ca n't have a shared day off anymore . 
  if anything , we should expand the ban to saturdays , as well . 
  regardless , this will be a moot point in 5-10 years when the entire retail industry is automated . 
  how about we assume that the government acts with the consent of the people ? 
  anybody forcing you to work like that ? 
  most people work 40 hours a week over 5 days , if you chose to do something else , that 's your problem . 
  or you could just keep it the way it is instead of creating problems to find solutions for . 
  because it is n't about someone being willing to work shop that day . 
  it 's about how those people result in a race to the bottom where you end up with everyone having to work sundays . 
  by allowing shops to be open on sundays , you 're setting up another situation in which an employee will have to say `` no '' to their employer . 
  the employees that are okay with working sundays get preference , and to stay competitive everyone else has to work sundays , as well . 
  these things are n't about individual choice . 
  there is no individual choice here . 
  because it is n't about someone being willing to work shop that day . 
  it 's about how those people result in a race to the bottom where you end up with everyone having to work sundays . 
  by allowing shops to be open on sundays , you 're setting up another situation in which an employee will have to say `` no '' to their employer . 
  the employees that are okay with working sundays get preference , and to stay competitive everyone else has to work sundays , as well . 
  these things are n't about individual choice . 
  there is no individual choice here . 
  / r/evilbuildings, 
  of course they 're not made out of thin air , but that has no relevance on the inherent value of a mutual protection alliance . 
  whether or not the ussr/warsaw pact exists anymore is completely irrelevant . 
  i do n't really understand the notion that nato is n't about anything . 
  nato is a mutual protection alliance , and that will always remain relevant even if every country on earth was a member , to maintain peace . 
  actually , only seven muslim majority countries have capital punishment for homosexuality . 
  other countries have everything from imprisonment to small fines , while it is completely legal in others . 
  several non-muslim countries also penalize homosexuality with anything from fines to imprisonment . 
  while persecution is common in islamic majority countries , and extra-judicial killings happen in some of them , the notion that homosexuality is punished by death in any islamic country is just factually untrue , and historically ignorant . 
  it may seem idiotic to people who have never had a single thought on the subject , but to anyone making simply a cursory investigation into it will find how insanely disadvantaged women are in this area . 
  but you 'll probably be happy to have your pre-conceived notions reinforced by your own biases . 
   this specific law will lead to people quickly promoting women to board status regardless of how qualified they are for the job . 
  this will lead to companies being run worse and also reduced respect for women in important positions . 
  that 's what mandating things like this does . 
  apples and oranges . 
  this is about putting more women , who make up roughly 50 % of the world population , in leadership positions because of the disadvantageous system and culture constructed during a patriarchal society . 
  men are more likely to hire men , men are more likely to reject ideas and opinions from women than they are from men , men are less likely to understand the problems women face in the workplace and so less inclined to try to solve them . 
  and people are n't given positions they 're not qualified for . 
  qualified women are given an advantage because they are disadvantaged in society today . 
  you 're just putting forth a poorly thought through argument because it fits your biases . 
  no , it has not been negative . 
  you 're retarded . 
  i think you mean `` fahly '' . 
   yes and treating someome different because of some innate traits is not the same thing as treating someome different because of his/her behaviour , beliefs , values etc. 
  why should these two be conflated ? 
  conflation is not equivocation . 
  besides , nothing of what you just said is relevant to the definition of racism . 
   but they do the same thing when they assume malicious thought when someone says something not nice about a minority group . 
  why they deserve more courtesy than they grant ? 
  if you actually know what the counter-jihad group is about then you will know that they 're not assuming anything . 
   is it racist to treat someone differently if you strongly dislike fhis/her beliefs ? 
  it 's discriminatory . 
  but discrimination is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  which is another reason why that word is ineffectual . 
  but if you used the word ` racist ' in the context i would quite easily understand what it is you meant and i would not waste time engaging in semantics instead of arguing the actual subject . 
   who are we talking about ? 
  anybody who read the article , anybody who was exposed to the protesters , people in sweden , etc. 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  because there 's no way there 's any actual written record of this conversation ... 
   to equivocate means to be deliberately ambiguous or unclear in your wording in order to mislead or withhold information . 
  i do n't understand why you think racism ca n't be used in a misleading way . 
  in the context you 're using it it means to use one word to mean different things as i did in my sentence example . 
   i have my doubts about the innocence of their intentions . 
  now you 're just forcing malice upon them . 
  racism is used in this context and is pretty much accepted as synonymous with discrimination , nobody 's confused as to what their cause is , and using the word ` racism ' is n't confusing anyone . 
  i think you 're just forcing the issue because you want to win an argument on the internetz . 
  we 're not living in some political conspiracy thriller here . 
  well , i can tell that you do n't mind being wrong , you just mind appearing to be wrong to others . 
  it is amusing that * you * accuse * me * of being childish , though . 
  you not getting the point is not the same as me not having a point . 
  that is entirely your problem . 
  these people have a cause . 
  that cause is obvious to everyone . 
  they use a word that is not technically accurate because it is conversationally more practical . 
  but you 're still here arguing semantics even though the situation is clear to everyone , even yourself . 
  you 're just wasting time and energy on a completely pointless discussion . 
  it 's not equivocation . 
  equivocation would be `` the weather is fine , which makes me happy , so if i get a fine i 'll also be happy . '', 
  neither does it have anything to do with framing any discussion . 
  i has to do with succinctly conveying information , which the word ` racism ' does far better , even though the term does not technically apply . 
  people know what it implies and it ` ss a more malleable word . 
  it 's not deceit or anything like that , it is simply the effect of an evolving vocabulary . 
  the answer is yes . 
  well , you most certainly are living up to your username . 
  i have n't heard anyone complain about it . 
  owned is itself a synonym implying the ownership of a person , i.e slavery . 
  why do n't you get all uppity about that instead ? 
  it has to do with discrimination , and if racism is used as a synonym for discrimination then your argument is one purely of semantics . 
  it does n't matter whether you have a problem with it or not , it matters how words are used by people . 
  but i would n't expect you to understand this as it 's past grade school level . 
  because you ca n't stop it . 
  i hate to break this to you , but you 're an idiot . 
  sadly , this is a chronic condition and has no known cure . 
  semantics is pretty much the most useless argument to get involved in . 
  stop it . 
  and anyway , `` racism '' is becoming a catch-all for all forms of discrimination against groups because other words are just cumbersome and less charged than it . 
  just let it happen instead of derailing actual arguments with semantics .
