  just because a government is left-wing , does not mean the entire state institution ( parliaments , senates , etc. ), 
  locate and use your spacebar . 
   and something else , if it was your kid that was harassed/raped by the pool , would you feel the same about this people?if it was your brother 's kid , or your little cousin.would you still feel the same way about all those people ? 
  are you saying that you want public policy to be decided on an emotional basis ? 
  when did i ever say anything about nazis ? 
  seriously , are you mentally ill or something ? 
  what ? 
  the right wing does n't see much reason in cooperating and finding solutions as this `` migrant crisis '' is boosting their poll numbers . 
  they do . 
  those are the kinds of uniforms that were seized . 
  the nytimes article does n't seem to mention it , but the nrk ( norwegian ) [ article ] ( http://www.nrk.no/urix/spansk-politi-beslagla-20.000-_jihadistuniformer_-1.12834715 ) does . 
  if you actually looked this shit up , you 'd find that this is only the case in an extreme minority of muslim countries . 
  i could only find confirmation that saudi arabia has the death penalty for atheism . 
  while they suffer persecution in many , if not most muslim countries , pretty much nowhere are they subject to execution . 
  the same goes for apostasy . 
  while more muslim countries have the death penalty for apostasy , it 's still a minority and the majority of muslims live in countries without the death penalty for apostasy . 
  these backwards muslim countries , man ... / s, 
  the muslim community does tons . 
  you just do n't hear about it . 
  nonsense . 
  [ norwegian coat of arms ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:v%c3%a5pengalleri/kommunev%c3%a5pen ) range mostly from boring to okay , with just a couple of bad ones . 
  he was asking about the referendum . 
  they 're not going to wait until 2017 for this . 
  the uk referendum for whether or not to stay in the eu . 
  yeah , no . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the only difference between halal and non-halal meat in norway is that a prayer is said before the slaughter . 
  tl ; dr : he was also unhappy with the scripts and his character 's development . 
  increasing anti-semitism contributed to and made it easier for him to make the decision to leave the show . 
  actually , it was * part of * the reason why he quit . 
  til i not of european countries . 
  we have a lot of polish workers where i work . 
  it seems they survive solely on beer , white bread , and potato . 
  i did n't know the waves were that strong [ . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcyppas6zdi ), 
  the fuck does `` feminising regions '' mean ? 
  shut up , america . 
  we 're taking this and running with it !, 
  we are very melodramatic about how we name things . 
  [ this place ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%b8dens_dal#/media/file:dodens_dal_2012.jpg ) is literally called the valley of death . 
  til that the beatles is part of isil . 
  there 's not so much an overpopulation problem as there is a resource distribution problem . 
  i prefer not to jump on any band wagons . 
  how about we base our actions and opinions on things other than sensationalized stories ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i know what i said in my own comments . 
  i did n't say you denied climate change . 
  i said you refuse to accept anthropogenic climate change because you have n't a clue what you 're talking about . 
  you have no foundation on which to base your statements , you 're just an opinionated ignorant person . 
  all the evidence for anthropogenic climate change are available to you . 
  if you have evidence to the contrary , feel free to share that with the public and expose it to scrutiny . 
  but because you 're just an opinionated ignoramus , you 're just going to keep blabbering on about things you know nothing about . 
  you refuse to accept it because you have n't got a clue what you 're talking about . 
  and what is the top comment in this post ? 
  `` it 's only a single data point '' . 
  that it is , but there 's no shortage of that among the general population , either . 
  recent studies have shown that people who do this kind of stuff life shorter lives than people who do not . 
  maybe they suffer from [ the danish problem ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  they ruined derrick . 
  maybe you * can * into nordics . 
  this is n't a party , shitlord . 
  downvoted due to `` underrated '' buzzword . 
  close your damn parentheses . 
  i think that people are making way more out of than is necessary . 
  they 're mostly the kind of silly suggestions that are given out after incidents of this type , and i think the accusation that the code of conduct is ` victim blaming ' is just forced controversy . 
  if terrorists were hijacking airplanes and officials recommended that people not fly for the time being , nobody would say that they were blaming the previous victims of the hijackings . 
  in the same way , when cologne apparently has a substantial amount of rapists still on the loose , providing some basic guidelines to reduce the likelihood of becoming a victim is n't victim blaming . 
  although i ca n't find a single unedited source of the mayor 's statements , the code of conduct basically just boils down to stuff women * already do * in many situations , with some nonsense involved . 
  did it , though ? 
  i do n't think anyone 's trying to excuse rape . 
  yes , some politicians have said stupid things and some have worded themselves poorly , that 's basically par for the course . 
  all i 'm seeing ( particularly from my interactions in the comments section on / r/europe ) is people misinterpreting what others are saying to extreme degrees and running with it . 
  well , you 're not doing a good job . 
  i do n't think you want a conversation with anyone . 
  you just want to live in your own echo chamber . 
  if you want to have a discussion , you should try not to put words in my mouth . 
  i 'm watching you masturbate right now . 
  you would never use that argument against a secular initiative . 
  it 's just because these are muslims that are given * just a modicum * of accommodation that it is even being discussed . 
  this is a non-issue that is being made into an issue because of the religion involved . 
  i love how everyone gets religious when their dumb arguments to keep the dirty mosleems out backfire . 
  yeah , we frequently have exams on december 24th/25th ... our calendars and holidays already accommodate christianity to an extreme degree . 
  more like `` this is a religious event that is observed by a substantial part of our students and would affect their outcomes '' , while carnival is not on both counts . 
  i 'm not seeing anybody else `` proposing solutions '' , either . 
  just `` something must be done '' rhetoric . 
   it 's quite simple . 
  i do n't think the police should do nothing . 
  i expect them to to whatever they are able to do . 
  what part of that sentence did you not comprehend ? 
  you want police to engage in illegal acts ? 
  it 's quite simple . 
  i do n't think the police should do nothing . 
  i expect them to to whatever they are able to do . 
  what i am saying is that your outcry about this incident is not related to the crimes , but rather the background of the suspected attackers . 
  because this is your motivation , you are demanding police action that goes above and beyond what is even remotely possible . 
  you do n't give a fuck about the victims . 
  you do n't give a fuck about the problems . 
  you 're just using this as another excuse to hate on brown people . 
  you 're still just misinterpreting my comments . 
  you purposefully misinterpreting my comments does not make you apprear more clever .
