  guess what ? 
  this literally can go unpunished , as does a lot of stuff involving large groups of people . 
  hell , there 's more than enough individual sexual assault cases with known suspects that go unpunished . 
  i have no patience for this fucking bullshit `` something must be done '' rhetoric that only pops up when brown people are involved . 
  i 'm literally sitting here rooting for a gang of people getting away with sexual assault . 
  i wish this happened more often . 
  get back to me when you grow up . 
  this is the same outcome as whenever there are violent protests and riots . 
  it 's hard to pin specific acts on individuals within a large group . 
  since you did n't get the point of my last comment , it 's way more convenient to find something on netflix than it is to find a torrent , download it , then watch it . 
  netflix is a better service than torrents because i can watch it * now * , even with the added proxy step . 
  we 're going to have the reduced content issue for a long time simply because other channels own broadcasting rights , so about the only thing we can do to ensure that this happens is to continue to provide a market for streaming services in europe . 
  it takes like 2 seconds to switch to a proxy , search for whatever i want to watch , and then start watching it on netflix . 
  it 's not hard to get access to the us selection . 
  well , some comments in this thread are going to end up in / r/badhistory . 
  what was reddit like back then ? 
  casualties , not deaths . 
  dude , you have no clue what effect this has . 
  you 're just talking out of your ass . 
   iii . 
  what . 
  the . 
  the european union is a name . 
  point out what discussion i shut down , dummy . 
  i used a qualifier because racists can be anywhere . 
  pretty much everyone was racist throughout history . 
  we 're talking about now . 
  are you suggesting that there are not racists , fascists , and nazis on the far right ? 
  the thing is , the despicable acts of communism are not something that is supported or championed by modern communists or the left in general . 
  the acts were n't intrinsic to communism or leftism , they were intrinsic to totalitarianism . 
  on the right side , however , you have modern right wing parties that still oppose things like same sex marriage and frequently blatant racism . 
  that support policies that shift the tax burden to low income workers . 
  that constantly try to privatize and dismember the social safety net . 
  you just do n't find that on the left . 
  on the left you find policies that make you go `` man , these people are stupid '' . 
  on the right you find policies that make you go `` what the fuck is wrong with these people '' . 
  more often than not , i find that the people who claim that they 're being `` persecuted '' for being right-wing are actually extreme right-wing who believe that they 're the mainstream right wing . 
  i 'm not of the opinion that only the other side has extremists . 
  i 'm of the opinion that racists , fascists , and nazis are almost exclusively on the right side . 
  the simple truth of the matter is that most people just find parts of right-wing ideology despicable , whereas the same sentiment is not present in regard to left-wing ideology . 
  that 's why you get these headlines , and not the opposite . 
  maybe , you know , because the far right is full of racists , fascists , and nazis . 
  people are probably bitching because you 're voting for nazis , fascists , and racists . 
  there was no discussion . 
   for years now every politician who has raised doubt about what goes on inside the mosques has been branded a racist by the left . 
  well , that 's just false . 
  as is the rest of your comment . 
  you 're doing exactly what the op did . 
  your contrived attempt at moving the goal posts does nothing but highlight the fact that even you do n't buy your own argument . 
  oh , now he 's complaining ? 
  i thought he was debating . 
  let 's take a look at op 's comment , shall we ? 
   i wonder how many `` i told you so '' 's are going to happen . 
  `` i told you so '' for what ? 
  is there any real debate whether some mosques and muslim communities are directly or indirectly supporting extremist islam ? 
  just a bullshit statement that misrepresents other positions . 
   how much our politicians have looked the other way is sickening . 
  completely vague and unfounded statement that again seeks to misrepresent other positions . 
  it 's not like these raids were committed by heroic members of front national . 
  they were undertaken by the current government . 
  are these the sickening politicians ? 
  where 's the facts and statistics ? 
  what debate is op encouraging here ? 
   i 'm not a nationalist , not even a right wing person - just someone who objectively looks at facts and statistics . 
  you know who else would say this ? 
  everybody . 
  in general , people do actually believe that what they think is true is actually true . 
  and he 's not actually providing any facts or statistics , he 's just vaguely hinting at nothing . 
  come on . 
  give me some fucking arguments using facts and statistics that you 've been called racist for presenting . 
   apparently that makes me racist in today 's political environment . 
  yeah , no . 
  there 's plenty of debate going on about immigration , islam , muslims , and all that crap without accusations of racism . 
  again , where are these facts and statistics ? 
  and you upvote this kind of shit . 
  talk about fucking bias . 
  there 's no debate here , just a racist circlejerk about `` dem scaaary moslems '' . 
   decisions should be taken as close as possible to the citizen . 
  and segregation is suddenly a thing again in the southern us . 
  women ca n't vote in large parts of europe . 
  homosexuality is a crime in many places again . 
  say goodbye to virtually every civic project ever . 
  your argument is demonstrably false . 
  oh yes , i 'm really stifling this debate . 
  i wonder what debate that would be , really . 
  op 's comment does not encourage debate , it even proclaims that his opinion is objectively based on facts and statistics . 
  all op 's comment does is misrepresent the position of those he does not agree with , before deciding that his position is the only truth . 
  `` debate '' ? 
   this is essentially amounts to you being pleased that the eu is undermining your national democracy , taking money from swedes and spending it on things that swedes do n't want . 
  `` this essentially amounts to you being pleased that sweden is undermining your local democracy , taking money from blekinge county and spending it on things that blekingers do n't want . '', 
  dumb arguments are dumb . 
  nah , the / r/europe comments are riddled with racist people going `` i would like to share my opinion , but that 's racist '' . 
  another racist detected . 
   i 'm not a nationalist , not even a right wing person - just someone who objectively looks at facts and statistics . 
  apparently that makes me racist in today 's political environment . 
  people who say shit like this are almost exclusively racist . 
  power overwhelming !, 
  where do i send my resume ? 
  looking good for trondheim , norway so far . 
  a lot can change in 18 days , though .
