  do n't be an idiot . 
  it 's not as if you have to provide x amount of data points and then your statement will suddenly become fact . 
  that 's not going to happen because your comment is utter bullshit . 
  what you need is something substantive . 
  not a fucking wikipedia link citing a source * that you ca n't even fucking read * , showing that svt has just as many left-leaning journalists as the journalism profession on average , about twice as many as the general population , but is still the most neutral news reporting agency in sweden . 
  you blather on about how the european left should treat conservative islam the same as they treat conservative christianity . 
  well guess fucking what ? 
  we do . 
  you 're the one putting christianity on a pedestal . 
  have you seen a single left-leaning politician come out and support the actions of the people who harassed this woman ? 
  fucking have you ? 
  no , you have n't . 
  because the european left does n't support that kind of behavior . 
  the left supports equality , not blanket discrimination based on culture or religion . 
  so , you have no actual evidence to support your original claim . 
  hence , my characterization of your comment as a strawman still stands . 
  i do n't require you to provide a single data point to support your accusations , but do n't then act like a fucking bitch when people call your unsupported accusations bullshit . 
  showing that a single swedish television channel * might * have some bias is obviously not enough to support the accusation that the entire european left has a similar * supposed * bias . 
  that should be quite obvious to you , as well . 
  here 's a tip : if you do n't have the information , how about you do n't form an opinion on a subject ? 
  no , it constitutes a single data point . 
  and it 's an accusation . 
  and the entire staff of svt was n't involved in whatever decision was made . 
  also , you should probably read the link you provided ... 
  this is pathetic . 
  argue against what ? 
  you have created a fiction and are presenting it as fact . 
  how about you try to support any shred of your bullshit with some citations ? 
  that 's a nice strawman you 've built there . 
  / r/europe is being targeted by various right-wing , neo-nazi , and racist groups trying to control the narrative . 
  if you start tagging people , you 'll quickly find that a lot of the same people keep popping up and making the same comments and arguments that were completely destroyed in other threads . 
  if you argue with them , you suddenly find your comments hit with 20-30 downvotes within a couple of minutes . 
  here 's the deal : the neighboring countries of syria have taken on millions of refugees already , and are now in a situation where they literally do n't have enough food to go around . 
  as a consequence , they 've closed their borders . 
  only turkey sporadically open their borders , and they 've had millions of syrian refugees staying there for years . 
  they are also spread extremely thin in terms of resources . 
  meanwhile , the refugees are sitting in limbo in turkey for years , waiting for the civil war to end , but it does n't . 
  at that point , being fucking human beings , they have to start considering what the future of their children will be like . 
  they ca n't just sit around in turkey , with barely any educational support , and not a single job in sight , trying to raise their children and provide them with a good future , or just getting an education and a future for themselves . 
  that 's why they 're migrating further into europe , where we have the educational support , where there are job opportunities , where there is a future . 
  they 've moved on from turkey , but greece is in a financial crisis and filled to the brim with refugees already , so they have to go further . 
  yes , many of them target specific countries for economical reasons , ** like any sane person would ** , but most of them just have to get somewhere where they can resume something resembling a life . 
  he 's literally on this sub to foment hatred against immigrants . 
  he should be ignored , but he has a brigade blindly upvoting every single one of his `` it 's unbelievable '' comments and downvoting sane opinions about immigration . 
  everything 's unbelievable to you , feroslav ... 
  maybe because the indians , chinese , and vietnamese come from stable countries , with family units intact ? 
  try getting to them through isis occupied territory , dumbass . 
  i love how you managed to call my comment dumb and ignorant while typing this nonsense . 
  thank you for providing some context for this video . 
  feroslav , you 're like the # 1 racist in this sub , do you really think anyone buys your feigned shock ? 
  free jobs ? 
  i 'm sure you thought you had a point when you started typing your shitpost , but the end result was just all retardation . 
   high end shit . 
  hahahahahahahaha !, 
  it sounds like a far-right conspiracy theory ~ ~ but you will find plenty of leftists on this forum who will agree . ~ ~ and it is . 
  a couple hundred refugees in milan , italy engage in non-violent protest to highlight the overcrowded and inhumane conditions they live in , and the lack of temporary documentation they require to get work . 
   what the fuck is happening to this continent ? 
  because they 'd be traveling through conflict zones , extremely inhospitable terrain , and hostile border guards if they tried . 
  syria is bordered by turkey , lebanon , israel , jordan , and iraq . 
  jordan and lebanon already have a ton of refugees ( jordan has 2 million palestinians ) and are vulnerable to incursions from isis , meaning they 're not too fond of weakening their borders . 
  israel wo n't accept them , either ( some talk of setting up refugee camps in the golan heights ) . 
  iraq is just as much of a hellhole as syria at the moment , so there 's no point in going there . 
  there simply are n't any wealthy muslim countries they can go to . 
  it 's not like they can just get on an airplane and go wherever they want to . 
  turkey and further into europe is their best bet . 
  oh look , it 's a shilling account . 
  of course i am . 
  it could n't possibly be that i do n't want to spend hours digging up quotes , posts , and comments just to satisfy your ignorant ass . 
  you want me to prove evolution for you as well , while i 'm at it ? 
  i 'm not going to bother proving the obvious . 
  it 's well-known that sites like stormfront have been specifically targeting / r/europe , among other subs , since at least 2014 , and before the immigration megathreads the frontpage of this sub was swamped in anti-immigration submissions made by a small group of people and upvoted in an organized manner . 
  if you 've managed to miss all of this shit , fine , but i 'm not going to bother taking five steps back on this topic just to bring you up to speed . 
  nobody 's claiming that the fucking video is staged . 
  the information is n't being hidden from you . 
  it 's removed because it 's just low-quality , a de-contextualized video . 
  you are not restricted to / r/europe in your information gathering , and can still easily find the video in question if you want to . 
  / r/europe is meant to provide diverse content that is relevant to europe , and it kind of fails in that regard if every submission on the frontpage is about immigration and how the dirty arabs are coming to take our women and jobs and welfare checks so that they can set up a european caliphate . 
  the mods are well within their rights to remove content that is disruptive to the sub , of poor quality , or crowding out other content . 
  not all censorship is bad ( child pornography , for instance ) . 
  i have n't claimed that immigration is n't a major concern , so that kind of let all the air out of your comment , did n't it ? 
  maybe because the mods are moderating ? 
  the video in itself is n't racist , but the user posting it is , and he 's posting it to shift people 's attitude towards immigrants in a certain direction . 
  your comment is just an example of the force naivete people engage in so that they can avoid the issue . 
  facts are n't racist , but these people who only post one kind of content are , and that 's what makes it propaganda . 
  do n't claim naivete simply because it suits you . 
  fuck that . 
  i do n't want a bunch of brigading racists to fill this sub with nonstop anti-immigration bullshit . 
  ca n't tell if this is sarcasm . 
  no , you fuck off . 
  you 're not retarded enough to believe that these people are just posting bullshit like this nonstop in this sub without an ulterior motive , are you ? 
  the kind of intellectual dishonesty that you display here is every bit as damaging as the rampant racism itself . 
  go cry your racist tears somewhere else . 
  it is pretty much the fact that somalia has n't really had a government in a couple of decades , and so somalis come here with little in the way of an education or language skills . 
  while education does exist in somalia , and is slowly improving , the somalis who come to europe are almost definitionally those who did not have access to it . 
  this means they just ca n't compete in the labor market , and need extensive education to do so . 
  that 's why they tend to require more social welfare than other immigrants and refugees . 
  the reason is that they have to take language courses , they have to retake a lot of school , and they still have to provide for their children while doing this . 
  that process can take years . 
  the dutch and polish do n't need that as much ( polish can get by on broken english a lot ) , and their educational background is generally valid and verifiable . 
  somalis are the biggest group mainly because the country 's barely had a government for a couple of decades , and so the people have barely any valid or verifiable education , and they sure as hell do n't have english classes down there .
