  halal meat in norway is processed in exactly the same way as any other meat from start to finish , the only difference is that a muslim butcher performs a prayer . 
  and cornwall is n't wessex . 
  even if the navy would not be europe 's primary source of defense , it would still be at least on par with the uk 's current navy . 
  the royal navy is just some destroyers shy of being the same as the french navy in terms of ships . 
  you have them , spain , italy , norway , and several other countries that put naval strength quite high on their list of priorities . 
  the uk is n't the only country with overseas territories . 
  stop making up bullshit arguments about what words i use , i would use the word `` interests '' in any context because it has a broader definition that just `` territory '' . 
  get your head out of your ass , stop making up shit because you ca n't put together a decent argument . 
  a minor typo does not make it not make sense . 
  grow up . 
  oh noes , did i hurt your feelings with my big bad words ? 
  is this what you 've been wasting my fucking time with ? 
  fuck off , dude . 
  it does make sense . 
  it 's not my fault if you ca n't read . 
  so , when argentina invaded the falklands , was it in the uk 's national interest to engage in military conflict , attempt to resolve the conflict diplomatically , or to concede the territory ? 
  learn how your own language works , man . 
  you seem woefully unfamiliar with your own language . 
  i will say again , you seem woefully unfamiliar with your own language . 
  have you never heard of national interests ? 
  you seem woefully unfamiliar with your own language . 
  you 're implying that britain could stay out of these conflicts if not for these alliances . 
  or that it was in britain 's interest to stay out of those conflicts . 
  anyway , it 's obvious that you 're a crazy isolationist who tows that line all the way into retardation . 
  there 's no point in discussing anything with you . 
  and here i was , thinking that the uk is part of europe , and one of the interests of the uk is their territorial integrity . 
  try to make arguments that do n't rely on wordplay . 
  it is quite obviousy that you do n't have a clue what you 're talking about . 
  you 're basing your bullshit argument on the idea that europe would not want to have a strong navy capable of defending its interests . 
   also if russia did take britain i doubt the eu would care as long as it held the continent . 
  well , it 's obviously pointless talking to you . 
  argentina was not a threat , and them taking the falklands would not have threatened the uk . 
  it was a hail mary by a faltering military dictatorship that made the entire world go `` wut ? '', 
  the only question was how much the uk was willing to commit . 
  what you need to provide is a threat to the uk that could not be equally defeated by a unified european army . 
  that is what you 're arguing for , that 's why i used russia as an example ( and in no way implied that you insinuated that they would be the aggressor ) . 
  you 're just proving my point , dude . 
  oh noes , the falklands . 
  if you ca n't retake the falklands with the combined might of europe , you 're not going to retake it with uk muscle alone . 
  if russia took the falklands right now , what exactly would the uk do ? 
  chamberlain tried to do what was best for the uk , when what was best for europe was actually what was best for the uk . 
  which is exactly what you 're arguing for . 
  you have no `` needs for defence [ sic ] '' outside of the context of europe as a whole . 
  belgium is n't going to invade you . 
  ireland is n't going to invade you . 
  france is n't going to invade you . 
  canada is n't going to invade you . 
  any threat to your country is going to be external to europe , and will affect other parts of europe first . 
  therefore , your actual needs for defense are as part of a unified europe . 
  do i really have to explain the relevance of chamberlain 's speech to you ? 
  [ peace in our time !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo725hbzfls ), 
  [ peace in our time !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo725hbzfls ), 
  yeah , because if there 's one truth in the world , it 's that children always listen to their parents . 
  i made no argument . 
  i made a statement . 
  i have no interest in arguing with you pack of idiots . 
  more like rampant xenophobia prevailed . 
  or , you know , all of this information will be archived and they 'll just do an image search and find the answer in a couple of seconds . 
  no , if he was shying away from using the word `` socialism '' , people would just interpret that as trying to be sneaky about implementing socialism . 
  critics could just say `` you call it social democracy , but what you really want is socialism ! '', 
  and sanders would just lose that argument outright . 
  instead , he just embraces the word `` socialist '' because that 's what any opponent would call him . 
  the very link you provided states that they spent over 4 % in 2010 . 
  no , we do n't . 
  some parts of the oil revenue goes towards the state budget ( the aim is 4 % of the budget total , but it often goes a bit over that ) , but everything else goes straight into the pension fund . 
  what about it ? 
  just because brussels is a fringe case , does n't mean there 's no other fringe cases . 
  6 % of the belgian population has a muslim background , 40 % of them live in brussels . 
  true . 
  this is why wikipedia has the wording as `` people of muslim background '' . 
  brussels is a fringe case , they have [ a substantial foreign population from a lot of countries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brussels#nationalities ), 
  whatever you have to tell yourself , dude . 
  http://www.npdata.be/bug/100/ ( in dutch . ), 
  around 25 % of the population in brussels is muslim . 
  he got 2 % of the vote . 
  spain is n't very religious . 
  hahahahaha , you guys are so fucked up . 
  yeah , those fucking jews deserting nazi germany . 
   your own race lol . 
  it 's like those people who cry about the death of democracy because eu member states are fined for not following agreements they 've previously made . 
  god , you people just come up with the most absurd and ridiculous shit , do n't you ? 
  actually , government ask a lot of the time . 
  but you do n't want to hear about that . 
  this is actually an urban legend about all the nordic countries that exists across most of eastern europe . 
  we had a mediajerk about it in norway about 6-8 months ago . 
  facts are of no value to the xenophobes . 
  and i live in an ethnically and culturally diverse community with pretty much no crime . 
  i 've also lived in ethnically and culturally homogeneous communities with pretty much no crime . 
  none of this is something i would form any opinions based on . 
  actually , will smith has native american ancestry . 
  which just goes to show how incredibly dumb it is to base anything on `` ethnicity '' and `` race '' . 
  i 'm sorry , are you looking of reported events of people not killing each other , not having any issues with each other and having no complaints ? 
  again , you 're just showing poor reasoning . 
   would you say queen elizabeth is no less african than idris elba ? 
  yes . 
  you 're african if you were born in africa . 
  it 's not a matter of skin color .
