i thought `` yugoslavia ? '', 
  sweden , you 're retarded . 
  norwegian politics is n't retarded enough for a dedicated show like lwt . 
  frp is trying hard to make it happen , though . 
  modern society . 
  his wording is not the issue . 
  his , and now your , opinions are simply not compatible with the modern world . 
  you may try to hide behind words , but you 're still treating part of your population as second-rate citizens . 
  there is not excuse . 
  did you just time travel in from the 1950s southern us ? 
  i 'm pretty sure spain takes catholicism more seriously than the vatican does . 
  edit : after checking some statistics , i would classify my statement as `` wildly inaccurate '' . 
  it 's pretty obvious to anyone reading these comments that you just know that you ca n't back up your bullshit and are making excuses to save face . 
  i mean , how pathetic are you ? 
  why do n't you just show how i 'm biased ? 
  why is that so difficult for you ? 
  just keep making up excuses for your own shortcomings , dude . 
  so you ca n't actually show that i 'm biased , then ? 
  well , your comments will stand as a testament to what a sad , sad person you are . 
  show me how i 'm biased , dude . 
  do it . 
  so you 're calling me biased , but you ca n't actually back it up ? 
  i think you 're the only purveyor of garbage here . 
  and yet again you accuse me of being biased without actually supporting that accusation . 
  you also seem to be under the impression that we 're arguing whether these ministers are good or bad , when i 've only discussed whether you 're biased in your comments about them . 
  in the time it would have taken you to write up this nonsensical post , you could instead have told me what ` biased ' means and how i have at any point been biased during this discussion . 
  and the 2014 dodging world championship gold medal goes to : unibus-ftw !, 
  you present me with a constant stream of bias . 
  you have n't shown me how they compare to other swedish politicians , you have demonstrably given a one-sided characterization of these people , you 've focused on a very small portion of the incoming government , and instead of admitting that you 're wrong about something you instead attempt to rewrite the dictionary . 
  just keep dodging , dude . 
  you 're the one who started discussing the meaning of the word ` biased ' , you idiot . 
  you do n't feel like discussing your own discussions ? 
  you 've already confessed your bias , proving my initial post 100 % correct . 
  i find it hilarious that you 're going to take your inability to defend your own comments as a sign of your victory . 
  god , what a retard you are . 
  this is n't progress , though . 
  there are matters of accountability , insurance , and taxation that are the issue here . 
   you see facts . 
  you acknowledge facts as being true !, 
  you ignore facts . 
  and you accuse me of being biased ? 
  you 're not biased because you present facts . 
  you 're biased because you present only a certain set of facts , and present them in a manner that is intended to support a specific perspective . 
   ( which of cause i am , like every other human except you ) you 're just diluting words until they have no meaning , a common tactic for people who have no actual defense . 
  show me a single example of my bias on this subject by quoting any of my comments on the subject . 
  do it , i dare you . 
   i think you should look up the word biased in the dictionary to be sure you know what it actually means why do n't you try to show how * i 'm * the one in this discussion who does n't know what ` biased ' means ? 
   of cause i 'm biast , so are you . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  keep your accusations to yourself until you can support them . 
  and the word is `` biased '' . 
  i did n't say `` not only lying '' . 
  i said that you 're * either * lying or extremely deluded * if you ca n't see the extreme bias in your comments . 
  i did n't say anything was not true . 
  i said you 're warping and ignoring a lot of information in order to produce a specific impression of the people you 're talking about . 
  you described a long-time trade unionist with 6 years of executive experience as `` an old welder with a short fuse '' . 
  this is all just ad hominem bullshit that you 're throwing around because you ca n't really put forth anything that would make them unqualified for their positions . 
  you 're so insanely biased that if you 're not just outright lying , your compartmentalization skills are olympic level . 
  he is seriously warping and ignoring a lot of information ( not mentioning that lofven was head of the trade union if metall for 6 years , for instance ) . 
  so yeah , pretty much bullshit . 
   alternative for bulgarian revival does not have the socialist party as a major rival . 
  it broke away from them a few months ago and is likely to vote the same on all major issues . 
  that kind of makes them rivals . 
  they 're competing for the same voters . 
  ^ ^ romania ^ ^ viek . 
  romania stronk !, 
  it is extremely inappropriate for the servant classes to be speaking to their masters without being spoken to first . 
  it 's how we keep the filthy peasants away . 
  because that 's where the big money is , in strictly managed aid . 
  ( the guy with the accordion terrifies me ), 
  unless we 're talking about gypsies , of course . 
  i 'd say that face is pretty ` bleh ' . 
  nah , the russian fesderation was on top . 
  man , it has to suck to live in one of the non-blue countries . 
  much putin . 
  very russia . 
  except , they 're not . 
  you can quote the mayor saying the harassment and intimidation will not be tolerated , and the same thing repeated by the police . 
  you will not find any statement saying that they are , in fact , harassing or intimidating anyone . 
  them dropping the `` police '' part of their name is an assumption made by me . 
  i am not the person who dictates what is legal in germany . 
  you are also free to find a single quote in that article stating that they are actually harassing or intimidating anyone . 
  no , i 'm comparing two different groups coming up to you and giving you a flyer . 
  also , the illegality of the group is not established . 
  as long as they do n't try to exert any policing authority , and as long as they 're not intimidating or harassing anyone , they are perfectly legal . 
  there 's tons of groups like these , of various religious and secular backgrounds , operating throughout the world . 
  i think they 'll have to drop the `` police '' part of their name , though . 
  even though this is in germany , the wording implies an authority that they do not have . 
  they 're not harassing anyone any more than someone trying to sign you up for an amnesty international membership . 
  stop making shit up to feed your preconceived notions . 
  they 're not using intimidation and force . 
  if they did , they 'd be shut down in no time . 
  there 's plenty of organizations like these in the world , with various religious and secular backgrounds . 
  for instance , in norway we have the [ night ravens . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natteravnene ) the only thing i really object to is their use of the word `` police '' . 
  although it 's not german , it does imply a sort of authority that groups like these do not have . 
  yeah , but it only has like 5 subscribers . 
  ugh , do n't call it a `` united states of europe . '', 
  yeah , this is just bullshit , like the fake executions previously . 
  propaganda for the masses .
