  you guys keep saying shit like this , but you ca n't actually point to any reality wherein this is the case . 
  if you 're going to post quotes , maybe you should add an attribution and a citation ? 
   are you seriously equating the plight of non-smokers to that of african-americans during the segregation era ? 
  no , he is n't . 
  he 's making an analogy . 
  do n't be retarded . 
  where do you people get this retarded shit from ? 
  aww , you guys have your own racist sub-reddit . 
   what 's more fucked up is that his nordic parent ( s ) are probably teaching him right now to be more understanding his aggressor 's feelings ans possibly made him apologize . 
  the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  no , it is the right comparison . 
  you just do n't want to accept it . 
  also , analogies are conceptual , not technical . 
  you do know that the usa is a federal republic , right ? 
  they have federal courts that frequently overrule state courts . 
  states that are members of the federation and ceded their sovereignty over to the federal government . 
  like , what the fuck , dude ? 
   trust in people  balkans, 
  again , never heard that . 
  there 's plenty of discussion going on about the immigration issue without any accusations of racism . 
  pretty sure this is just racists saying racist stuff , and then accusing `` the regressive left '' of oppressing the anti-immigration side , when all that 's happening is that their racist views are being rejected . 
  meanwhile , all the adults are having a sensible discussion for and against immigration based on facts and shit . 
  i have literally never heard anyone say anything to the opposite . 
  tsjekkia in norway , which is basically pronounced the same was as czechia . 
  the norwegian picture is shopped . 
  it 's been compressed horizontally to increase the size of the mountain . 
  yeah , i saw one grammatical error . 
  i was just amused that the sender is named a belt . 
  i think the point is that the op frames this as a muslim problem when it is not . 
  i 'm laughing already . 
  and the game of telephone regarding everything related to this event continues ... 
  it would also be massively ugly , as is the reddit default . 
  it 's good . 
  ignore the haters . 
  better to waste horizontal space than vertical space . 
  but , most importantly , it puts immigrants in a bad light . 
  i 'm just able to read . 
  well , that 's one way of quoting out of context . 
  this is the preceding verse :  fight in the way of allah those who fight you but do not transgress . 
  indeed . 
  allah does not like transgressors . 
  and this is the following verse :  and if they cease , then indeed , allah is forgiving and merciful . 
  so , what these verses are saying is that you should fight back against those who fight against you , but to be forgiving if they cease fighting . 
  i mean , [ the entire quran is online ] ( http://quran.com/ ) , it 's not hard to look this shit up . 
  the piran one is pretty damn good . 
  reddit , where people are automatons that execute any programming that is input . 
  dude , have you seen the video ? 
  they forced themselves through crowds , trampled the memorial , intimidated and assaulted anyone they deemed `` foreign '' and `` muslim '' . 
  is this how you go about `` questioning how we deal with muslim integration '' ? 
  nah , it started moving right long before the refugee crisis . 
  looks like a couple of them were giving interviews . 
  anybody know if any of that 's been released yet ? 
  the available solutions are n't `` do nothing '' or `` go full fascist '' . 
  the actions of this group sure as hell is n't going to solve anything . 
  i love how you used `` muslim '' as a verb in your sentence . 
  i 'm a progressive , and i do n't even know who these people are talking about when they mention the `` regressive left '' . 
  to me , it 's a scapegoat entirely made up by the right to justify racist policies . 
  they need an opposite extreme to make their extreme positions look less extreme . 
  `` oh , the left wants to invite billions of muslims into our countries , and if they commit acts of terror they say we only have ourselves to blame and should n't punish them . 
  we need common sense policies , like throwing all the muslims out of europe ! '', 
  again , it 's not that they 're not motivated by islam . 
  it 's that without the prerequisite socio-political situation , these kinds of people have venue through which to gather the support , power , and motivation to actually act . 
  there 's a reason why this is an issue in this point in time , and was practically unheard of before . 
  people were motivated by irish independence , basque independence , communism , fascism , etc. , to engage in terrorist activities . 
  peopl traveled to fight for anarchists and fascists in spain before wwii , people traveled to fight for communism in south america , asia , and elsewhere . 
  this is not something unique to islam . 
  and claiming that it exists in a vacuum is exactly what people are doing all the time . 
  islam is always the problem that has to be solved . 
  muslims are always the ones who have to be taught not to live like filthy barbarians . 
  that is literally the kind of rhetoric that floods / r/europe . 
  you 're just not able to comprehend that analogies are about principles and not magnitude , are you ? 
  you have no idea what goes on in those countries , do you ? 
  til i 'm not free because i 'm not allowed to kill people . 
  i know it 's cold up there , but is n't this a little extreme ? 
   care to share that plentiful list ? 
  sure . 
  plenty more secular but not so liberal countries , like bangladesh and indonesia . 
  there 's also countries like khazakstan and uzbekistan , and more . 
   and has been for well over a millennium . 
  but it 's just a phase so nothing to worry about . 
  oh , we 've had muslim terrorist attacks for a millenium ? 
  but this is what happens when you fuck up a region so badly . 
  it 's no surprise that the nazi party rose up from the ashes of wwi and the impositions of the peace treaty . 
  extremists gained power in society and used it to cause untold death and destruction across the world . 
  the same happened in italy and russia , as well as many other countries . 
  the west has , through its interference , given extremists power and the rhetorical arguments to support their actions . 
  yes . 
  because some muslims do bad things , all muslims are bad . 
  and while we 're at it , let 's kill all the irish . 
  it 's in their blood to blow up englishmen . 
  no , that is literally the claim people make . 
  and stop acting as if terrorism was invented by the muslims in 2001 . 
  europe has seen far worse in its history . 
  [ terrorism in europe today is far less common and deadly than it was before ] ( http://qz.com/558597/charted-terror-attacks-in-western-europe-from-the-1970s-to-now/ ) . 
  it 's just a socio-political situation allowing extremist groups to rise up , just like the proxy wars of the cold war . 
  that 's why unstable regions like the middle east see a lot of terrorism , while more stable regions like west africa , with mostly stable secular muslim-majority countries like senegal , burkina faso , guinea and so on see little in the way of terrorism ( mainly external when it occurs ) . 
  in the 70s and 80s it was radicalized groups like the red army faction , today it 's islamists . 
  pretending like islam is somehow unique is just bullshit . 
  wow , you manage to repeat the same misconception that i just explained in the post you replied to ... 
  ok , this seems to be a pretty common misconception .
