  not theft . 
  and congratulations on being able to quote one part of the criticisms sections of the wikipedia article . 
   care to give me some of your money then ? 
  using this as an argument just displays your immaturity . 
  we 're talking about economics on a national scale . 
  you could just as well ask me to fund a trip to the moon . 
  there is a nice wikipedia article on the subject of basic guaranteed income that you should probably read . 
  it being a means of measurement does not conflict with its purpose being to serve society . 
  if you wis to make a point i suggest you make sense when doing so . 
   if not , then we 're just stealing from each other instead of focusing on what 's important - producing the most goods and services we can . 
  i doubt you believe producing the most goods and services possible is the meaning of life . 
  and my point was that the redistribution of wealth is morally right . 
   yup , and if you take away that money and give it away to the bureaucrats so they can redistribute it , then the incentives will not be to produce so that you can live a better live but rather to lobby the bureaucrats and the politicians so that you can live a better life at the expense of somebody else . 
  weasel words and bullshit . 
  it is only your ignorance that leads you to believe that incentives revolve solely around money . 
  if you think that a world in which athletes are considered more valuable that nurses , doctors , teachers , sanitation workers , and so on has exceedingly warped and destructive incentives . 
   ah , if only it was that easy . 
  i 'm absolutely sure the vast majority of the people disagree with how the state spends its money and yet it 's incredibly difficult to change it because of how the system works - there 's concentrated benefits and dispersed costs , everybody has a much stronger incentive to keep his special benefit than the rest of society has to cut that expense . 
  nobody said it was easy . 
  if you 're too lazy to read it then you probably should n't have an opinion on the subject . 
  if your interpretation was in any way correct then taxation would be illegal . 
  as for your last statement ; the economy exists to serve society . 
  if society is better served through the redistribution of wealth then that is morally right . 
  all economic gains are made possible through the existence of a safe and stable society , hence all economic gains are in the end the property of that society . 
  how we distribute this wealth is based on how we as a society choose to distribute it , and we can just as easily change it in any way we choose . 
  gave me a good laugh there . 
  you do n't know anything about economics , do you ? 
  it has already been tested many times and shown an overwhelming positive effect . 
  neither is there any extensive `` injection of cash '' into the economy , it 's a redistribution . 
  you 're just attacking a straw man you 've built based on your own ignorance . 
  [ start reading here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income_guarantee ), 
  why would companies have any say ? 
  nobody should be selling it to us . 
  we should be building it together . 
  [ trondheim , norway ( summer 2012 ) ] ( http://imgur.com/a/21h25#0 ) includes the bakklandet borough , nidaros cathedral , and `` downtown '' trondheim . 
  i likely could n't place idaho on a map of the us right now , so it 's not really that big of a deal . 
  like how all the kings and aristocracy owned all of the land and shit before the revolutions of the 18th and 19th century ? 
  economic theory is not moral theory , and you should not confuse the two . 
  not a single `` communist '' or `` socialist '' country has ever ceded control of the means of production and democratic control of industry to the workers . 
  what you are talking about it simply totalitarian governments . 
  it is not clear to me what the difference between these maps is . 
  i have checked the linked website , but the explanation makes no sense to me . 
  nonsense . 
  tipping is a discriminatory practice and i will never engage in it . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  by `` shit like this '' i mean man 's inhumanity to man . 
  shit like this , not this specific thing . 
  people do fucked up things all the time . 
  yes , immigrants are more likely to engage in these specific kinds of things , but not to any exceptional degree . 
  stories like these stick out because they 're so rare in our culture , but children are beaten , raped , and neglected daily within every culture , but the media does n't parade those stories around because they 're just common . 
  a single incidence of anything does not make anything ` normal ' . 
  this is only in the news because of the ` witch ' angle and to capitalize on anti-immigration , but shit like this happens daily in every country , regardless of ethnicity . 
  talk to anyone in child services and they 'll provide you with plenty of horror stories that have never seen the light of day . 
  islam is what its followers is and it was they you were criticizing . 
  do n't try to run and hide behind your stupidity . 
  and had you read the bible you would have found it quite full of savagery , yet this is not how the vast majority of christians behave . 
  and the same is true for islam . 
  you are simply another victim of propaganda . 
  nonsense , you 're an idiot . 
  no , but it 's a negative story about muslims so / r/europe will jump at it . 
  much like / r/worldnews . 
  norway has a r/norge and r/norway subreddit , one for norwegian language and one for english language . 
  maybe you should do something like that . 
  also , germans : stop making lps in german . 
  you play all the cool games on youtube but i can not understand what you are saying . 
  russia too . 
  nobody cares about france . 
  norway is the promised land , you filthy mongrel !, 
  i say `` boo '' to sweden . 
  boooooooo !, 
  [ pinnekj\u00f8tt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinnekj%c3%b8tt ) . 
  this is what i get for taking geography lessons from medieval : total war . 
  i 'm norwegian , i should know ... 
  hah , in norwegian `` glup '' means `` smart '' . 
  i 'm sure the anti-gays were too busy being anti-immigration somewhere else to `` participate '' . 
  this would not be surprising . 
  while culture does inevitably have an impact , this is mostly due to the fact that immigrants ( especially the refugee kind ) often do not have compatible , verifiable , or existent education , and need language training . 
  while they go through all of that , they often have children to take care of , which adds to their welfare requirements . 
  i know a lot of iraqis who were doctors , nurses , shop owners , and that stuff who have to retake high school level classes for years , and ** then ** re-train for their former professions before they can start working again . 
  sometimes , there are shortcuts if they can practically verify their competence , and have at least an english language ( which is common for medical professionals ) , but mostly they have to spend years on welfare just to be competitive in entry-level retail positions , let alone the professions they 've practiced for their entire lives . 
  somali is at the top mainly because there 's barely been a functioning government there for decades , and whatever education they 're received is community-driven and not easily verifiable for that reason . 
  i also think they tend to have more children than other immigrants . 
  so , it 's not just dirty a-rabs mooching of europe , but people who are trying to receive the competence to once again be productive members of society . 
  how about the only way to have a rational discussion is to not engage in blame shifting from the word go ? 
  no , do n't you understand . 
  soon it will be 73,000 every 14 days , then it 'll be 830,00 every week , then it will be 9,300,000 every day , then it 'll be a billion every second !, 
  i wonder why you 're tagged as ` racist ' ... 
  poland is subject to the same treaties and agreements as everyone else , requiring them to provide support . 
  they do n't get to pick and choose just because they 're racist shits . 
  the `` rent '' in that case is likely and assortment of expenses attached to the property , such as mortgage loans , various utility bills and other fees like snow removal . 
  people rarely buy property outright , and there 's always additional upkeep that is often paid into by the local community . 
  the ` flood europe with fighters/refugees ' propaganda is aimed at the european right , who go batshit crazy when they hear that kind of talk ( as evidenced by the level of discourse in / r/europe right now ) . 
  the ` muslims are committing sin ' stuff is local propaganda . 
  the is has little control or ability in either case , but they want to appear as if they do . 
  somebody 's projecting . 
  they 're pro-free speech because it is convenient for them to be . 
  the all of it . 
  it 's complete nonsense . 
  even when facts are used , they 're misused or misinterpreted .
