mission commanders do not have launch authority , mission control does . 
  shoot the fuckers down , they deserved it . 
  way too many utilities and natural resource extraction companies , it really is n't a good thing . 
  something should be done about it . 
  the eu should `` accidentally '' shoot down all the russian military planes entering eu airspace . 
  russia is not a country but an old empire - similar to the empires of france in africa and great britain - a territorially small core of `` russians '' surrounded by huge swaths of lands which has no link to any slavic tribe propelled by cultural dominance over non-russians and stigmatization of any ethnic non-russian , hence russia should be destroyed and thoroughly decolonized . 
  it 's great that pissheads like you are pissed , it means that we are doing the right thing . 
  hello uk shills , you are going to get all the illegal immigrants of the eu very shortly . 
  have fun dealing with them . 
  what else is new . 
  that place never learns . 
  proof positive that the uk is a troyan horse in the eu . 
  it should be kicked out and all the scum washing up european shores should be boated in . 
  that way they will finally experience fully the consequence of their idiotic policies and the us is not going to save them . 
  took care of other 180000 culturally similar europeans from a country which was culturally on the forefront of europe merely 40 years before that . 
  stop lying and whitewashing the truth . 
  then how about telling your piece of shit government to stop automatically giving a free pass to every illegal who 's already there . 
  there would n't be a migration stream if the uk would n't be so happy to gather all kinds of ikkegals . 
  when i first saw that title on reddit i was in disbelief about it , i mean - come on this is something right out of indiana jones , how could it be real . 
  but apparently it 's legit . 
  do what you want but do n't wave that g.d.p. 
  in our face , 
  the restauration man strikes again http://img0.gtsstatic.com/insolite/voici-comment-cette-dame-a-transforme-le-visage-de-jesus-christ_102356_w250.jpg, 
  i hope they cancel it altogether across scandinavia . 
  they have turned places which i loved to shit . 
  deport all muslims and be done with that problem ? 
  i was amused too , 
   it is very unlikely to happen . 
  under putin , there has never been a direct russia/nato/eu conflict . 
  he knows the limits to russia 's power . 
  that is meaningless . 
  he knows the limits , but people who have been empowered in the last 4 years do not . 
  i 'll be short , but i have seen some of those people , talked to some others and they either hail from the circles of the military specialists who like war for the sake of war or from the circles of the religious extremists who believe that russia will win a war no matter how horrible , and who believe that russia has a ` mission-civilisatrice ' as the ` last best country on earth ' to erase the ` homosexual countries off this planet ' . 
  it may be hard to recognize or comprehend , but those people have their own manuals and their own traditions , not unlike the taliban . 
  child prostitution , poligamy , ban on education for women is among those . 
  i know that it is hard to believe , but it was also hard to believe for europeans that iran or afghanistan could become what it is today . 
   putin is very clearly not stupid . 
  he is , unfortunately . 
  he started believing in his own propaganda . 
   he has successfully invaded multiple countries in the past decade or so and up until last year had little to no consequences for it . 
  which have not been a burden on the budget due to the limited nature of the expenses and a proficient budget . 
   under his leadership , the russian economy improved dramatically , standard of living improved , the number of people living below poverty line declined from 30 % in 2000 to 14 % in 2008 . 
  that is what you see , but it 's not what there is . 
  not under his leadership - under the leadership of the people who have been in politics and economy since the end of the soviet union . 
  putin is a thief , maybe a little talented in that domain , but that is really all he knows - everything done right in the economy was done right by the people he fired , killed or alienated during those last years . 
  right now he is surrounded by brainless yes-men because , yes , he did not like the advice of the intelligent people , in fact he did n't like those people at all , merely tolerated them , and yes he is stupid - all the crisis management he did show how tremendously stupid he is in the crucial questions of economy . 
  and he 's going to end up like khaddafi , yet this possibility is unfathomable for him today . 
   i could go on , brics , international energy/arms/nuclear power deals ... 
  please go on . 
  that is bad news too . 
  strategically it would be good news only if germany had its own gas fields and put those in conservation to buy gas from russia to , in turn , use it in the carbon fiber production plants to make blades for the wind turbines and other goods with a high added value for export ( like bodywork for vehicles ) which can provide energy independence to the eu . 
  one `` strelkov '' was n't enough for you ? 
  that 's just a foretaste . 
  i 'm sure if you did n't deliberately ignore what is happening around you , you would also see that russia undermined a renewable energy program within the cis and tries to do so in europe as well though price dumping and pseudoenvironmental concerns over ` noise ' from wind power installations , sjw-bait for solar pannels and so forth . 
  for no other reason than to inflate the private pockets of the criminal-like government and government-affiliated criminals who own their oil and gas companies . 
  your poor orphans and dying - they shit on their graves , daily . 
  you may yet see it happen . 
  the first rows of presentable , but stupid leaders , like putin , hide the background of insane criminals who were empowered during the raise of securitarian thinking since the autumn of 2011 . 
  there are seriously insane people , similar to the isil , quite close to the circles of power in russia . 
  for one , every innovation for the past 30 years came from the western or allied countries , so russia is a useless county in that sence . 
  for two - not only it 's a useless country , it is actively making the lives of its own citizen worse , not in smallish ways , like it is in the eu but in big tangible ways - like refusing medical care to the people over 80 , selling internal markets to overseas companies and killing its own industries , then creating an artificial crisis to reduce the incomes of its citizen and so forth . 
  third - russia is an empire whose time is running out now , you can see this if you travel inside and talk with people - the multiethnic utopia ceased to function decades ago , and it is all waiting to explode . 
  when this time comes the eu or nato should be ready to move in and seize all wmd , because christian religious extremists , and russia is full of them , are not in any way better than isil or taliban . 
  i do n't much care about the us , which is probably the country you are thinking about , because they supply inventions , ideas and a ground where those ideas can grow . 
  china supplies mass production facilities for those ideas , for example . 
  eventually the eu will have to deal with those two , too . 
  overall , it just goes to show that you are as immoral as the us . 
  it 's not about the military bases or anything like that . 
  it 's about a lack of planning , lack of scientific progress , lack of social development ideas , lack of sustainable economy and hence - a lack of a future , internally , for russia . 
  the only way it can survive is by waging war on countries unable to retaliate or undermining other countries , for as long as jingoism helps to dupe the populace . 
  that 's bad news , because russia is a predatory state and an enemy of the european union . 
  because they are a bunch of dirty smelly fucks who beg ( just watch a documentary on roma barons who use drug and begging money to build castles ) steal ( check - i had my money stolen by a roma woman on the street ) , sell drugs ( them , paki and somalis in norway , also them in france ) , destroy public property ( check - a green square was completely destroyed in palaiseau , france , right before my eyes because some fucks decided to set their motor home there ) , sell people from eastern europe into sex slavery and generally do any other petty crime . 
  disregard for mrsa and other antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections is a damning point imo , i much rather keep my scandinavia mrsa-free and marb-free , as it is now . 
  i hope he will see reason . 
  gay unions are a nightmare of a neoconservative capitalist . 
  ok , i did n't know that . 
  i admit that we know very little of other european politicians here ... 
  the territory without boars are former russian and soviet occupied territories , i am not sure that duda is a good choice because of this ... he might be a sleeper agent . 
  that is bad , because it means you have a potentially pro-russian president - those areas without boars are soviet/russian occupation zones . 
  is your handle related to nilbog or goblin in some way ? 
  no downtime for the rage , no time to rest , 
  that is , until a child somewhere gets eviscerated by a bear or a lynx, 
  same justification isil uses to kill people in europe and worldwide . 
  that is why it 's way too early to think about removing those monuments . 
  it is a loaded and deeply political topic to this day - sometimes it 's better to claim rape than admit that it was consensual . 
  i do n't want to go into detail but my family experienced work camps from both sides of the ` fence ' during the war and they served in many militaries . 
  both systems are bad , because they compell the men to their worse natures , by different means , but one system - the western european one has a benefit of limited meritocracy at least until now , as a person who witnessed the soviet union in my childhood , lived in russia and in a number of countries and now living in france ( mostly ) . 
  i do n't notice the local public art , even though i take the suburban train and subway every day . 
  if you asked me which ads are up right now , i could n't tell you , same for tv and internet advertisement . 
  that 's a muslim problem . 
  france has that too . 
  the point is , you are wrong and they are just desperate and also wrong , no matter what the do - they are going down and you better prepare to intervene to secure nukes . 
  there is nothing you can do to prevent this . 
  the only think you can prevent is a rogue faction who will try to lauch a nuke and contaminate some place or other . 
  well it 's great that people want to defend poland , however this is a troll image with no data . 
  second , do you seriously believe that russia is going to attack ? 
  instead of spreading some russian propaganda , i 'd recommend you to get acquainted with their economy . 
  they are dying , russia , as a country will cease to exist by midcentury , that is - if they are really really lucky . 
  estimated remaining time of existence for russia is as low as 18 months . 
  maybe if i were french , but i 'm not .
