  however during and after the war , the french evacuated almost all the government officials they could , as well as a large part of the vietnamese who remained loyal to their colonial administration , and today the french do have a program of simplified citizenship and free education for the vietnamese and the laotians . 
  i did n't know about that . 
  then , suddenly it 's not surprising some people hate the us . 
  they have a good reason to . 
  it looks like a controlled descent after an explosive depressurization . 
  i think the cause is going to be controlled flight into ground due to low-level clouds . 
  basically i 'd love the oecd countries to only trade in weaponry between themselves or the countries the oecd can trust - high democratic index , high integration into the oecd economy . 
  i do n't think that providing any weapons to the world outside oecd is in the long-term interest of it . 
  you may call this economically illiterate drivel , but i appreciated my airports the way it was before 9/11 and the whole war on terror which sprouted from funding dictatorships and providing them with weapons - i liked it without barriers , without tsa and the obnoxious politicians trying to pass yet another laws `` for the children '' and against `` the terrorists '' . 
  insurgents and dictators can kill each others with machetes , thank you , and the example of up and close violence is a lot more didactic for those who do not understand how it is great to live in oecd and how it came to be and why it 's important to keep it this way . 
  none of the 9/11 or 3/11 or any other european bombers had any direct involvement with the foreign conflicts , they have heard of those on the internet and from friends . 
  weapons trade , especially to a dictator who is oppressing some movement which seems emotionally close to the perpetrator is an excellent pretext for suicide-bombing a country . 
  thank you , 
  that will not change their importance in the military , as they are quite far from everything and the road infrastructure is dilapidated . 
  commercially the northern ports will become relevant , when russia stops alienating the only two nations who actually want to use that port , aka us and japan . 
  hydro storage and underground pneumatic storage can do that . 
  variants for inertial storage have been developing for the past 40 years , but i yet have to hear about it . 
  why not nuclear ? 
  it 's reasonably safe , reasonably low on conventional pollutants . 
  excuse me , but hrwat ? 
  so , somebody has read kant and found out that he was an uptight russophobe  . 
  at least some people still read . 
  i do n't actually understand the concern with employment - armament requires advanced machining , chemistry , electronics and mateiral science skills . 
  it should be relatively easy for those people - the owners and the workers to undergo a sectoral shift and produce something which europe actually needs , like wind and tidal power converters , transportation , medical devices and autonomous care robots . 
  hell they can push for personal care and clothing industry automation - bring all the industry back home ... 
  that war would never happen , but a civil war definitely will happen - check this out http://languagesoftheworld.info/russia-ukraine-and-the-caucasus/divided-russia-maps-xenophobic-nationalist-views.html to see what 's going to go to finland once it 's over . 
  the russian government has denied the russian constitution , it has de-facto abolished the federal state and constitutional freedoms of elections and so forth . 
  besides that , the soviet union used to be a rhetoric figure for the american and european left on the matter of well-being of the indigenous people , those left politicians have never actually been there and seen those `` well-supplied and well-cared for '' indigenous people , but the rhetoric worked for some time , including for edward said who made it a point to exclude the soviet union from his book on orientalism . 
  all siberian republics can live as independent states , tatarstan and kalmykia - the former south volga khanate , can and will live as an independent state , as could and will the caucasus republics . 
  russians are aliens there , you would understand if you would have been there , they have no place , because they are poor nobodies deprived of their own ethnicity and their own state . 
  in a sense - yes as there were populations before that , and there used to be movements oriented towards independent native nations on us soil . 
  the us , as opposed to russia , is actually a confederation , it has a non-denialist government and a large establishment of scholars who actually do research and lobby for larger representations and rights for all types of people . 
  all that do not exist in russia , which is a classic unitary state / empire denying everything outside of the main pro-state and anti-ethnic , including anti-russian ethnicity rhetoric . 
  the soviet communist ideology and the nazi ideology are extremely close , the most significant point of reference and difference between the two was - who is a first class human and who is not human . 
  for nazis first class humans were proletarian and small owners aryan germans and nordic people , for soviets - the proletarians of the world . 
  the rest was pretty much similar - strong focus on family and patrilinear/patriarchal gender roles , except the obligation to work for women in soviet union absent in nazi germany , strong focus on military and value of a male as an asset to the state first and foremost , loyalty to institutions and the party primes loyalty to friends and family and so forth . 
  it is tragic that the 20 years after the fall of the su were wasted in terms of explaining why their ideology led them to ruin to the average russian and how to get rid of it in oneself . 
  or their neva cruise boat captain overloaded the boat ... 
  i 'd say they already did it with their submarine antics . 
  nazi bank accounts as well as every other dictator and criminal bank account in the world . 
  i 'd say switzerland is an unenvied place ... 
  which is ? 
  you 're missing the point , i think . 
  which is to bring the attention to the fact that russia is not a country , but a classic contiguous empire with colonies . 
  the last one which has not been through decolonization . 
  do you have similar maps of the french , portuguese and british empires , from their inception to the peak of their respective powers ? 
  i direly need those . 
  the swiss are the traditional traitors of the civilized world , but the british fill the second roles nicely when the prima-donna is absent or unwilling to participate . 
  that is until , as customary in our connected world , those weapons come back in the form of weekly suicide bombings in london and throughout the country . 
  don ' be surprised when they come back and blow you up . 
  sounds like a james bond plot . 
  long live li peng !? 
  so , when will we have the ~ ~ tian an men ~ ~ place de la r\u00e9publique public protests ? 
  this is why i ` ve time and time again insisted on expanding renewables in eu to bring jobs and energy independence , germany is making the necessary steps , as is spain , italy and austria but there is huge progress to be made in that area in other eu countries . 
  to make the kitty afraid . 
  they are basically trying to force the cold war logic on their neighbors which used to be buffer states between the nato and the soviet union . 
  this means that vard\u00f8 , vadsj\u00f8 and most of the finnmark military installations are going to go back online soon . 
  and if you can block the baltic fleet , then russia basically has no other equipped military harbors , exept murmansk and all the old bases along the northern shore of kola peninsula . 
  the crimea grab was about a personal favour from putin to sechin and nominally the fleet . 
  this is nominally about fleets and sea access , but really about the petrol/north sea and arctic oil and logistics ( maersk kvaerner and other actors ) . 
  russia is a generally irrelevant country , so they are posturing to make themselves relevant , like middle eastern terrorists . 
  nuclear threat ... against denmark . 
  whom are they going to threaten next ? 
  armenia ? 
  stalino - ... crud , what the heck am i even doing here . 
  who are all those soviet-looking people ? 
   on the contrary - you 'll see highschool girls dating 20-30y old men and people do n't treat this the same . 
  yup , 11 years ago , i could n't understand why my 14-year old cousin was `` dating '' a 28-years old . 
  turns out - money and nsa sex is a great motivator . 
  she caught some stds though while `` dating '' from 14 to maybe 18 , then she calmed down and started blue-balling guys - receiving money for going out with someone . 
  when you 're out of the country for so long it is just really weird , if not ugly . 
  there 's an entire cohort of women living on unofficial escorting/blueballing or plain old prostitution , all thanks to the traditional stereotypes - ` men must always pay ' , ` women must look after the kids ' , ` women do n't need/deserve equal pay because they have their husband and they do n't need as much money as men ' and so forth . 
  it 's seriously pervasive throughout russia , and it 's exacerbated in the russian caucasus and metropolitan regions - where a lot of people are eager to pay for companionship and services . 
  afterwards , some russians come here in europe , or i 'd say in france , germany , or asia - japan , thailand or china and they act very surprised or offended when russian women are seen as prostitutes , well goddamn it - if you do n't think people should have equal rights , then they will just get their comeuppance the way they can . 
  the idea is nice , though i 'm a bit worried for the guy shielding himself with a wooden shield from what appears to be rpg rounds . 
  the other one is just perfect , considering the revelation about the regular kremlin troll army . 
  i 've answered to you , but i had to edit it . 
  please read my answer . 
  `` russia is in need of a strong hand '' is a piece of racist propaganda , created for specific ends in the interest of a certain circle of people in and outside russia in the same way `` slap the jap '' and `` poland is not a country '' were pieces of racist propaganda used by different actors for different goals . 
  i would say that to understand what i am feeling and what i have seen you 'd have to read http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victor_kravchenko_%28defector%29 book `` jeg valgte frihet/j ` ai choisi la libert\u00e9 / i chose freedom '' and adapt it to the current political climate . 
  the most serious issue which eu governments and multinationals leave under wraps are the secret agreements with putin and his friends for the division of the russian market and destruction of the russian industry by unlimited imports . 
  no matter what happen in crimea , a number of figures of the russian government , including putin are indebted to and entangled with the eu and the nato to the point of having committed high treason . 
  you have heard it here first - the kind of information which was transfered abroad under the rule of putin effectively makes him fall under capital punishment , and makes eu complicit for as long it allows those contracts to be fulfilled and as long as it allows the members of the families of the russian government to travel and live in the eu . 
  deporting them and pulling those agreements to light for the general public requires a certain political courage and willingness to lose more business for the sake of democratic ideals and future developments , which many parties lack . 
  i will cite three of them . 
  the russian electronic passport system v1 , classified secret under the national defense acts was designed and manufactured by stmicroelectronics , a multinational with production and design in nato and nato-affiliated countries . 
  the russian electronic passport system v2 , also secret , was designed and manufactured by gemalto france , similar actor . 
  the gemalto breach was not about sim cards , it 's a simple show of the capabilities for the informed . 
  authorized by prime minister putin and president medvedev and then president putin . 
  the russian emergency civil broadcast system for endpoints , classified secret under the national defense act is designed and manufactured in france . 
  authorized by the minister of telecommunications and the president putin . 
  the russian endpoint battlefield military communication system is manufactured in a chinese department of a us-affiliated company with the authorization of the us department of state . 
  that 's just three . 
  if there 's one factor for which the rest of the world is likely to get nuked by the alternative forces - this is the core one and the most important one . 
  the longer the eu is ambivalent towards the ruling clan , the worse it 's going to be . 
  as it used to be customary for the european empires , they put their trust into a small-time criminal to improve immediate business without regard for their own interest later on , due to the fact that europe as a continent does not know a total extermination between european nations , owing to beneficial demographic factors in the european past ( black death , emigration and city-states to cite just a few ) . 
  again , i hope to get around it and get where i need to before the civil war breaks out . 
  a blow-up autopilot ? 
  hilarious to contemplate , but it 's not going to happen . 
  ahh , the useful idiots ... you have to love them .
