this will be the last year i commemorate the war properly . 
  i understand the scale and significance of the war , truly i do , but 100 years is long enough . 
  agreed . 
  the article just seems like a cheap shot at romania , when our own government retains medieval customs to an extent . 
  as a brit , i would be thankful if you could pass on a message to merkel thanking her for putting that dish-faced twat cameron in his place . 
  from what i understand , a large number of cities and towns were rebuilt as they had looked before , especially in former west germany . 
  take dresden , for example ; despite the vast destruction it underwent , the city centre and various other parts of the city were rebuilt exactly as they had been before . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's literally tipping it down outside as i type this . 
  as much as i dislike cameron , this is what i 've been saying from the start to people who have a go at him over this . 
  `` swarm of people '' , is an accurate description , imho . 
  if you want to have a crack at cameron there 's dozens of other issues you can focus on . 
  i , for one , welcome our new dutch overlords . 
  10/10 would anschluss again, 
  i never heard about that , could you provide a link ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , just interested . 
  i would n't expect anything less from our great and proud nation . 
  disgusting , but unfortunately not the least bit surprising . 
  it 's all over lawbreaker, 
  after seeing juncker hit the austrian chancellor over the head with some papers and strangle the spanish economy minister , not to mention his various antics with orb\u00e1n , i 'm kind of interested to see the stunts he 'll pull around cameron . 
  he 's jean-claude juncker , president of the european commission . 
  he does seem like a pretty cool guy , the eu could do with a leader with a bit of personality for once . 
  agreed , i quite like him . 
  a bit of personality for once . 
  most important for america , and perhaps an important event for the world in general , but it 's had very little impact on us on the whole . 
  even at the time , once everyone got over the shock , it was n't a huge loss . 
  there are too many for a single event to stand out . 
  i would say some important ones are : the unification of the anglo-saxon kingdoms to create england ; our ultimate defeat in the hundred years ' war ; the english civil war and all the events surrounding it ; the glorious revolution ; the act of union between england and scotland ; and victory in the napoleonic wars . 
  ` tis the joke my friend , 
  agreed . 
  only a real sick fucker would ever invade ireland . 
  i think i 'm the only person in the uk who actually supports closer integration . 
  maybe not federalisation ( yet ) , but things like a single european army . 
  i expect federalisation to be a perfectly viable option in maybe 50 years or so though . 
  only when they 're political rivals . 
  the eu is more a union of football rivalries . 
  very true , it 's definitely a similar case . 
  although his perception in england depends on who you ask . 
  i 'm personally not overly fond of him !, 
  both stalin and hitler did terrible things , and as a result are in hell . 
  stalin is , for the most part , remembered fondly in russia whereas hitler is despised in germany . 
  the contrast is humourous , as is the notion that history is indeed written by the victors ; despite being as bad as hitler , stalin is viewed in a * slightly * better light by some due to being on the victorious side in the second world war . 
  calling it now , in a couple of months ' time these guys are gon na be public enemy number one in europe . 
  * ode to joy intensifies *, 
  as a student i was pretty pissed off at the whole tuition fees thing , but if you look past that they 're a perfectly viable option . 
  i 'm hoping for a labour/lib dem coalition , though i would n't mind if the snp joined the party as well . 
  til europe loves machinery , the crimean peninsula does n't exist , and thrace now belongs to greece . 
  i believe they qualify enough to be allowed to become eu members . 
  their history is part of european history , and a muslim-majority population should n't be a hindrance to entry . 
  once they fulfill the requirements , they should be welcomed with open arms in my opinion . 
  i believe they are russians who want to join europe . 
  i 'm a student and i 'm voting lib dem . 
  i used to be very vocal on the whole ` clegg , that lying bastard , he fucked us over ' bandwagon , but recently i 've realised they are a very viable option . 
  it never belonged to a unified italy , but france originally bought it from the republic of genoa in ( i think ) the 1760s . 
  in that respect , corsica did once belong to italy . 
  uk here . 
  by far the most significant thing would probably be the tv election debate between all the ` major ' opposition parties ( so no david cameron , who refused to take part because he 's a spineless arse ) . 
  so we had labour , ukip , the scottish national party , plaid cymru ( welsh nationalists for those who do n't know ) , and the green party all having a last minute shouting match . 
  police are searching for a man suspected of murdering his mother and sister in merseyside . 
  prince harry is in australia , training with the army and generally showing up to places . 
  that 's about it really . 
  all fun and games as usual . 
  i remember watching that in french lessons at school and having no clue what was going on . 
  was still pretty enjoyable though . 
  jesus christ this is embarassing, 
  all those hours on google maps in school it lessons did n't go to waste !, 
  i personally support the idea , as i think it 's the only way for europe to compete with the rest of the world in the future ( as op outlined ) but i doubt it will happen anytime soon , if at all . 
  i suspect the concept of a unified europe would become more popular as time goes on and more and more europeans grow up with the european union in existence . 
  i 'd give it two or three more generations before it becomes at least a serious idea in politics . 
  yup , plus it was my understanding that the muslims in bosnia are a minority . 
  from left to right : natalie bennett ( greens ) , nick clegg ( liberal democrats ) , nigel farage ( united kingdom independence party ) , ed miliband ( labour ) , leanne wood ( plaid cymru ) , nicola sturgeon ( scottish national party ) , david cameron ( conservatives ) . 
  we divide the army up equally , equal numbers and equal equipment , then duke it out . 
  winner gets poland . 
  never change , france < 3, 
  this was brilliant , the train analogy was absolutely spot on as well !, 
  i would be willing to give the falklands to spain just to piss off argentina . 
  awwww , i still loath and blame you guys < 3 romanians just are n't the same . 
  do i spy an eu4 reference ? 
  - insular - rainy - self-hating - pretentious - betterthanfrance, 
  no malta or cyprus ? 
  and the andorran village looks like one of those little model villages . 
  which , given the size of the country , is quite funny . 
  yes and yes !, 
  you take that back, 
  `` everyone hates the english ; i do n't . 
  they 're just wankers . '', 
  did you do a history a-level ? 
  you learn a bit more ( but not a substantial amount ) about the true face of british imperialism ; the use of concentration camps during the boer war , for example . 
  there are also modules that deal with british imperialism if you take history at university . 
  you 're right about the teaching of the british empire prior to a-levels though , it 's still utterly abysmal . 
  at least , by the sounds of it , they told you it ever existed ; i was n't told anything about british imperialism aside from my own efforts to learn about it outside of school . 
  to sum it up overall , i 'd say the education system does n't really hide britain 's imperial history if you decide to pursue it , but at the same time it does n't make a concerted effort to tell you about it either . 
  edit : some words, 
  it 's a quote of king louis xiv of france , meaning `` the state , it is i '' , or `` i am the state '' , a reference to his absolute power as monarch . 
  i agree with this ; the british press is horribly biased against the eu , and most things at that , yet the public often accepts everything at face value . 
  my problem with the eu stems from certain decisions they have made , rather than the system and institutions themselves , which i think are far better than what we have in the uk . 
  as for nigel farage and ukip , they are all absolutely despicable . 
  even if i wanted the uk to leave the eu ( which i do n't ) i would n't vote for those scare-mongering , nationalist cretins in a thousand years . 
  i feel that certain decisions that have been made are undemocratic ; the decision to block a citizen 's initiative against the transatlantic trade and investment partnership , for example ; i consider this decision and the ttip itself as an expression of contempt for democracy . 
  there are also situations where eu member states have voted against certain legislation and treaties , only to have the eu make them vote again .
