thank you for assuring me i was n't in the twilight zone !, 
  `` no immediate trade deal with china '' ... well it 's not like the eu has n't had 25 years of the single market to achieve that one with no bones for rufus so far . 
  hold my feet to the fire why do n't you ? 
  so what it essentially means is trade will continue as normal without the commission trying to place tariffs on chinese solar panels , which the german manufacturers were against ? 
  and a significant minority did n't a minority you seem to ignore . 
  scotland did vote with a majority to decide these matters at a uk level , and that has now happened . 
  correct , apart from getting them the wrong way around . 
  point 3 being that it 's also not what the uk leave campaigns campaigned on . 
  nah , lots of brave scots living across england . 
  it was a team effort . 
  go scotland !, 
   and we 're being dragged out by english assholes with the help of 38 % of scots . 
  leave would n't have won without those scottish votes . 
  and scotland did vote in 2014 , 55 % to 45 % , to decide such matters at a uk level . 
  not double stepping anything . 
  immigration was about political union . 
  taking the political decision to establish uk immigration policy in the uk was about taking political power back from the eu . 
  we will still trade , but people voted on bringing political powers back so they could make such decisions in the uk . 
  it absolutely is true . 
  that was the entire remain platform . 
  not just vote leave 's policy , the official designated campaign , but also leave.eu and grassroots out . 
  they always wanted a trade agreement , but wanted to repatriate political powers . 
  and the people voted on it , and it got a majority . 
  we 'll always trade ( unless the eu plans to drop out of the wto ) . 
  now we 'll just have a cumulative shift of political powers and legislation away from brussels . 
  but if you personally do n't want to trade with the uk , then that 's purely up to you and your wallet . 
  as it should be . 
  interesting . 
  i 'd argue that a catalan flag is nearer to being hoisted . 
  this way , chaps . 
  do n't hate anyone . 
  most people just wanted a relationship based on trade not political union , that 's all . 
  even when we 're ridiculously happy we 're still straight faced and somber . 
  indeed , it 's when you know we think everything 's going precisely to plan . 
  then you should go and tell them to get less of their news from fb friends , and to cool their beans because of the reasons given . 
  but there are going to be people scared while there are little shits shitstirring the situation , `` trying to play to peoples ' fears . '', 
  there 'd be absolutely no forced repatriation . 
  there was n't when greenland left the eec . 
  it 's be terrible for both communities and and would be completely unnecessary . 
  it would be contrary to un convention . 
  and certainly there 's not a single uk party with an elected mp suggesting it from their perspective . 
  it 's just trying to play to peoples ' fears . 
  just as well nobody is suggesting it . 
   the us already said the uk would have to start in the waiting list at the bottom . 
  riiiiight . 
  because the us has n't been discussing a free trade deal with the pacific rim at the same time as across the atlantic ... that the eu has n't been discussing a deal with india whilst discussing with canada , then the us , and now australia , all at the same time . 
  there is no waiting list . 
  you 're buying into a term of speech . 
  this is what makes discussing these things pointless . 
  interesting , [ and sort of putting on a more serious head but not trying to be inflammatory ] , but the way i was taught that at the treaty of versailles the uk actually wanted to lessen reparations with more of a view to rehabilitate the axis forces , whereas the french at the talks wanted to tighten the reparations to an nth level to make sure that they could n't be in place to do that again . 
  that one attitude was to allow a power reemergence and the other was to guarantee that it could never happen . 
  that the uk and french were at odds and the us in the talks felt forced to make a compromise between the two . 
  that the axis would be both screwed and left hurt , but not so much that it prevented a resurgence if it was n't enforced . 
  and then the us did n't join the league of nations which added to the pressure . 
  this is n't meant as being antagonistic at all - and if it comes across that way then do n't reply and i apologise in advance . 
  but i 'm genuinely interested if that 's the way it was perceived or is taught elsewhere . 
  i 'd add that it was n't taught as the cause of a breakdown of the weimar republic , but a genuine reason why it might have been considered so and why it might have been argued so . 
  that at the l.o.n. 
  the uk wanted to help rebuild , and that the then warstruck france wanted to put down extra punitive measures so it could never rebuild to that same military level , and that the compromise meant neither response worked when it was n't readily enforced . 
  almost a reverse goldilocks . 
  but i 'll add that the initial comment was meant as a joke , so if it causes offense or you find it off colour , then i apologise and i did n't mean it to be taken that way . 
  after we 've done a number on the treaty of rome then this becomes the self-preservation society ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxuqlmo-l8s, 
  of course . 
  we learned at the treaty of versailles that once you screw a german you make sure they stay screwed : / ^ ^ ^ [ joke ] \\ #hingesuberdeutschland, 
  boris as pm would be f ` ing hilarious * !!!, 
  * it certainly would n't be dull . 
  a lot more people would be tuning into politics , and that can only be a good thing for accountability and health of a democracy . 
  gove 's actually front runner with conservative membership and he 's been a great justice secretary , and whilst he did n't have a great run as education secretary , he 's known for being genuinely caring , intellectual , and approachable across parties . 
  both would destroy a corbyn leadership in a general election which would mean we 'd be able to really shake things up a bit and get some new reforms through . 
  and that 's what this is really about . 
  the referendum is only about securing the choice and right to choose . 
  winning the general election with a leave candidate would mean about finding that next higher gear and pulling into the fast lane . 
  take probably decades if your trade negotiation is based around trying to herd 28 member state cats around a table . 
  i love all the attempts to intimidate though . 
  look , if the scots want to leave then good luck to them , we ca n't be holding one another over a barrel . 
  as it is however that barrel is an oil barrel and it 's worth a lot less these days . 
  farming and fishing is a scottish devolved matter but it does n't mean much because of the cap and cfp - so i 'd be really keen to see scottish nationalists argue that independence means handing back freshly repatriated fishing and farming powers . 
  scots are n't going anywhere , but i 'll take the words of caution to heart . 
  we 'll just have to make it work so after a couple of years the skies outside look eu membership continue to look much more vanilla . 
  it does n't feel like intimidation ; it feels like being alive . 
  we know it 's not going to be easy . 
  but it 's going to be a helluva lot of fun . 
  already our political landscape is a lot more energised . 
  the cards are up in the air . 
  in the words of the great breakfast philosopher tony the tiger , [ it feels ... ] ( http://imgur.com/cwd1vhc ), 
  i 'm pretty sure if they stick it out for long enough making the most of it , there wo n't be much to return to , but i 'm more than happy to be proved wrong . 
  i 'm absolutely certain there 'll be no returning when it means adopting the euro . 
  it 's alright . 
  it 'll be different . 
  but sooner , or even if it 's later , they 'll bounce back and the feel of the country will be all the better for it . 
  if it comes down to it , not that i 'm convinced it will , but i 'd rather the uk be happy commanding their own modest ship , than leading an eu supertanker . 
  look to the silver lining ; at least the eu will be able to push ahead full steam with full integration and federalism now under german and french stewardship . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  have a good day . 
  well are n't you just a hug of warm fuzzies !, 
  if we come across obstacles , as i 'm sure we will , we 'll just have to find a way over or around them with a smile on our faces and our best unflappable nature . 
  of course you may see us as either being cowardly , or heartless splitters , people with heads full of straw , or maybe even just fanciful well-meaning dreamers . 
  that is your prerogative . 
  but regardless , we 're paving a yellow brick road for other members disillusioned with this project to follow us on , and we 're off to see the wizard . 
  one thing is for sure though , setting off on an adventure is fun .
