condone or condemn its still being governed by russia, 
  yea tell that to the ukrainians governing crimea , wait you cant , there are none . 
  its russian . 
  possession is really is the law when it comes to international politics . 
   i understand what you 're saying , but there 's also the practical consideration that giving legitimacy to russia 's invasion of crimea also gives legitimacy to the policy of shifting borders by force dude thats been the back bone of international politics since the beginning of human history . 
  `` if its in our interest to take it , and its worth the risk to give it a go lets give it a go '', 
   well i think his point was just that the invasion of crimea underscored the idea that the only way to protect your borders is to possess nuclear weapons . 
  if ukraine had nuclear weapons , i think we can all agree it would have been much less likely for russia to invade one could also point to the ease in which the us went into iraq and yet has still done absolutely nothing to north korea , a nation who has directly opened fire at one of their closest allies several times . 
   very few parents of young children smoke where are you getting that data from ? 
  forget the smoke argument . 
  when push comes to shove smokers are filthy fucks . 
  you throw your butts everywhere and i dont want my kid crawling and playing in an area covered in that shit . 
  take your lazy ass around the corner if you must kill yourself slowly keep that trash away from my kids . 
  well if it wasnt their plan it is now that the idea is out there . 
  lol, 
  so out of england , wales , norn ireland , and scotland they are the 4th richest ? 
  i think you want to rephrase that or add some context . 
  if 46 % of a country are so pissed off that they are willing to take this risk in times of peace and relative prosperity it wo n't be long before westminster does something to convince the next 5 % not all of the 46 % are under 35 after all . 
  if 46 % voted yes it wo n't be long . 
  a large part of the no camp will be dead in 10 years . 
  ( they 're old ), 
  you 're not wrong . 
  it takes a lot for 46 % of a nation to vote for such radical change when it is not facing real military or financial disaster . 
  its a big wake up call to westminster to stop ignoring the issues facing pretty much everywhere outside of london . 
  if everything stays the way it was before the vote the next one wo n't be more then 5 years away . 
  its not over yet . 
  46 % of the nation voted against a 300 year union that 's a big deal . 
  its westminster 's move now . 
  if they follow through on their promises leading up to the vote things will stay . 
  however if they go back on their word , things might get tricky . 
  even if it takes another 20 years for the next vote to happen in the grand scheme of history its a drop in the bucket . 
  fuck you uk !, 
  you dont get ` forgive '' ireland . 
  i hope we throw a 1000 graham nortons at you !, 
  telling that most people see this as a nonsense comment ? 
  there is no way spain will fight a war over that . 
  do n't worry the hawaiians still use it, 
  forgot it was april fools edit im from the ivory coast today too . 
  northeast has tons of them . 
  megabus is my personal favorite bolt bus is ok too , and if you 're feeling adventurous you could always go the chinatown route . 
  except the irish would n't claim belfast as a 2nd city because of a rivalry . 
  they would claim it because its the 2nd largest city in ireland , it just happens to be under foreign occupation at the moment . 
  revolution/battles for independence are often followed by civil war type conflicts . 
  yes it is . 
  and is the reason i use a bidet when i live in these places, 
  came here to post this . 
  ive lived in korea , turkey , japan , nicaragua the us and ireland . 
  only in the us and ireland were you expected to flush tp, 
  my left foot  once, 
  which is funny because its a film 4 production . 
  pretty sure honolulu is translated as `` sheltered bay '' source : i live here now . 
  yeah 130 was laughable . 
  living in honolulu at the moment : http://0.tqn.com/d/gohawaii/1/0/f/g/4/ovb00558.jpg edit : they also bring out a hawaiian santa and mrs clause http://lh3.ggpht.com/_4gkh2puspbi/syoptbg8jki/aaaaaaaalq8/spthatttgw8/s400/dec%2018%202009.jpg, 
  85 % not bad, 
  so if scotland leaves the uk how will the unionists defend or change their reasoning for wanting to stay in the uk ? 
  not trying to cause a fight just curious . 
  ... but the uk flag is one of the best in the world . 
  i love that flag . 
  wont someone please think of the flags !?!?!?!?!, 
  will all the commonwealth flags keep their union jacks ? 
  also do n't the unionists in the north of ireland claim their scottish ancestry as a big reason for staying in the uk ? 
  i heard that once . 
  do n't know shite about politics though . 
  what about rape scenes in non pornographic movies ? 
  clockwork orange , and that weird french movie where the girl is raped in the pedestrian tunnel ? 
  is animated porn included ? 
  what about bdsm ? 
  how can one tell the difference between simulated rape porn and kinky rough sex porn ? 
  i 'm fed up with people thinking of the children . 
  wont someone please think of my kinky porn obsession ? 
  ireland ; bosco , and zig and zag . 
  end . 
  conversation . 
  ireland i miss 10 pm sun sets in the summer i dont miss 3 pm sunsets in the winter . 
  a simple yes would have worked . 
  so the glass is half empty then . . ? 
  pretty sure selling fake drugs is still illegal if the seller is trying to pass them off as drugs . 
  should still find the guy . 
  if anything ripping off teenagers of their hard earned pocket money is more damaging to society then selling actual weed . 
  i have a feeling there are some issues with this map . 
  zoom out and look at the korean coast line . 
  northern italy is way too bright as is belgium and the netherlands . 
  should be one of the brightest in the world , yet northern italy and netherlands/belgium are just as bright, 
  i guess when you rape and torture children people tend to loose faith in you . 
  sad . 
  you know they should n't be seen as news shows right ? 
  they satire and grossly exaggerate current events but its not news . 
  i love their jokes , but their jokes are not news . 
  self government ? 
  their ability to determine their own course ? 
  their ability to limit refugees ? 
  they also own both seat and skoda, 
  i 'm honolulu , the most isolated city on the planet , were everything is important across an entire ocean i pay 1050 a month for 690 sq ft. 
  this is just a single person trying to profiteer from uneducated consumers . 
  i eat bleu cheese all the fucking time . 
  love the stuff . 
  why would they when the german government made a public statement saying the door is open for them . 
  there are no take backs after saying that . 
  every single person entering europe will have germany on the mind . 
  i know i would .
