  although , to be fair , i do n't think it matters who you vote for in england right now , the whole lot of them seem to be bought and paid for . 
  of course begging is n't a good option . 
  i just do n't think criminalising people giving money to beggars is a worthy use of legislative resources when there 's far more that could be done to address the issues as a whole . 
  in fairness , tolerance and integration are always slow processes due to their generational nature . 
  there 's second generation settled travellers now that have been through third level and are marrying outside the traveller community . 
  this would have been unheard of before the late 80s . 
  there is justification for begging . 
  the fact is there * still are * homeless kids and they do need money to live , in winter it can be the difference between disfigurement or death and surviving to get to a place where they 'll seek help or it is provided for them . 
  begging is no solution and shows the flaws in our society , but criminalising altruism is fucking stupid , i 'm sorry . 
  i have an interesting case with [ irish travellers cited here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1lbc9e/since_romania_and_bulgaria_joined_the_eu_in_2007/cbxova4 ) as a potential path for reconciliation between their culture and ours , which allows them agency to dictate and preserve vast elements of their culture while improving relations with the communities they live in through outreach programs . 
  the fact is we 've no right to extinguish what they see as the merits of their culture ( which i seriously doubt is purely based on begging ) but we can incentivise integration . 
  i 've actually seen incentivising cultural change for irish travellers work and i think it could work with the roma too in places . 
  enforcement wo n't work , no democratic government can commit the resources required . 
  the town i 'm from had a massive traveller population ( irish travellers ) . 
  by providing all the usual social benefits ( that roma and these travellers tended to get anyways ) and legitimising their culture with a rights center , education center and cultural heritage museum and their own political representatives the settled travellers now far outweight the dwindling population of traditional persistent nomads . 
  second generation settled have started going to university . 
  the problem is n't solely that the roma are ` good at begging ' or scamming people , it 's that because of the reputation they 've cultivated , the well-intentioned roma are not allowed participate in our society and maintain the dignity of their culture at the same time . 
  abandoning their culture then means ostracision from their families and social groups , while they will get no acceptance as a roma in our society ( i 'm thinking particularly of the women here who have a preference for the traditional dress ) . 
  in order for this to work , it 's best if one of their own introduces the changes . 
  this is an isolated case but seems more practical and financially efficient than enforcement or any other lazy , blunt , aggression-based answer . 
  what about all the truly poor and homeless begging * children ? 
  i do n't know how it is where you 're from , but where i am from , the majority of non-roma beggars are actually poverty-stricken and often homeless . 
  * clarification : teens between 14-16 are the most vulnerable because they may be taken for old-enough-to-know-better , but that 's not necessarily the case . 
  [ hands ] ( http://shop.rte.ie/product/hands-vol1--irelands-traditional-crafts-2-dvd-set/1582/2220.3 ) - in the same tradition that eventually brought us reeling in the years , it 's a very pure documentary from the 70s and 80s . 
  the show was a `` how do they make it ? 
  show '' for truly beautiful handcrafts like [ this . 
  ] ( http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5086/5346957496_8000fafb6c_z.jpg ) that teapot was handmade in a stone whitewashed workshop by an extraordinarily confident and experienced old timer using the bare minimum of electricity . 
  it 's not just the making of it , it 's a bit like / r/humanporn for ireland in a documentary sense . 
  that 's a fair assessment . 
  i just think establishment in britain are n't looking at the ethics of their attitudes and that 's having a knock-on effect on the public ( particularly in the south ) . 
  it 's kind of a london attitude too from what i can tell , and the london-centric media scaremonger the rural or regional blocs . 
  the other thing is that it 's lamenting the policies of the past and creates a culture of holding that against the current beneficiaries , which is unfair if the government/agitators are n't going to have their colonial policies of the past held against them also . 
  if britain want to take attitudes back in time , they are surely free to do so , but they ca n't expect to not be held to the history that allowed those attitudes to establish themselves , which is a history of arrogance , oppression , exploitation and colonialism . 
  they also ca n't just undo citizenship from citizens with foreign ethnicities , which is what the base that motivate these attitudes would find most ideal . 
  the whole thing reeks of a scapegoat to distract from the real problems in british policy which is a financial system rife with corruption , facilitating global tax avoidance and capital withdrawal , alongside an aggressive foreign policy , both of which have served to generate difficult economic circumstances for the more vulnerable of the british public . 
  add to that a political leadership ( all sides ) completely out of touch with the life of the average briton , and conservative britain 's ability to organise and sanitise their hatred and it makes for disturbingly fertile environment for totalitarianism to recur there . 
  now britain can do what they like domestically , my concern stems from the fact that ireland 's right ( which is our entire government and half the opposition too ) tends to emulate the disciplinarian attitudes of britain so it could turn out bad for my own country as a result . 
  they may have relinquished some of our land , but not their influence . 
  ( the irish establishment is pretty lame now too , i still hold our politicians responsible for what happens here , not the british . ), 
  edit : sorry ... 
  bit of a sunday morning rant , it 's the only time i really talk politics on reddit . 
  if you do n't hold that opinion , do n't bother to voice it on their behalf . 
  fuck those guys , that shit is motivated by real callousness , where you have to view people as livestock . 
  anyone who pays attention to british politics hears about that nonsense all the time . 
  sanctimonious amoral cunts , that 's who the people who complain the most about immigration policies in the uk are . 
  why voice what they think ? 
  they 're wrong and they 're cunts . 
  save yourself the bother , do n't try to understand them and be reasonable . 
  they get molly-coddled enough by politicians and media . 
  call them what they are , xenophobic waspy cunts . 
  they literally use the same kind of language about immigrants that the third reich used in advance of taking some drastic measures to `` fix the problem '' . 
  godwin 's law me all you want , the nazis are more and more our measure of evil in a less religious society and britain is following right in their footsteps ( just with no one to really invade right now ) . 
  edit : whoops !, 
  guess i forgot how many new / r/europe users love sociopathic government policy . 
  jeesus if you 've to go back to the ecsc to establish your perspective on the current political environment in europe then there 's no talking to you . 
  welcome to staziland for west germans , i guess ? 
  then how is it fair that germany have so much say in the running of europe ? 
  should german influence on the eu be handicapped if it means you provide the us with secret services ? 
  i 'm just saying if it 's a case of `` you guys , it 's not like we actually get to be sovereign '' then what the fuck are we all doing here , why should you call the shots on degrees of sovereignty for other countries ? 
  i 'm saying this because you 're using that as an excuse to not get outraged about the abuse of power that is being exposed . 
  if you had any cop on , you 'd be outraged , less complacent and you would n't make such useless points . 
  beer and bread challenges in germany sounds awesome to me . 
  i 'm game !, 
  interesting . 
  so is number 1 on that list irish soda bread , or is it one of our stone-ground wholemeal jobs or something ? 
  german indeed . 
  hello again fellow galwegian , you 're right about galway for visiting ireland . 
  it 's definitely the most bohemian but it really does n't compare to san fran , prague , berlin , brighton , bristol , amsterdam , lisbon or thessaloniki . 
  positively conservative by comparison - according to friends who 've moved to these places ( bar thessaloniki , that 's a discovery ) . 
  you 're right , you 're being overly glib . 
  i did n't downvote what 's - his-name and i did n't call for a complete abandonment of capitalism . 
  have a bit of sense . 
   and while i agree that capitalism has its flaws , you have misunderstood what it means if you think that it does n't acknowledge finite resource ; that 's the basis of the whole system . 
  capitalist mechanisms * were * built on the understanding that resources and energy were infinite . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me . 
  then its principles were established which are still upheld today now that we know that is not true - e.g. 
  the ` growth ' models . 
  i 'm glad you agree it 's flawed , it very much is as a result of this . 
   anyway , i 'll let you get back to patronising the other guy that you 're talking to and down voting him for holding a different opinion to you now . 
  sorry to have taken up your time . 
  people in glass houses ... apology accepted . 
  look , i know how it works , but capitalism does n't even acknowledge the finite energy and resources in this world , so it is fundamentally flawed to it 's very core . 
  that 's what i mean by unscientific . 
  lowering minimum wage anywhere leads to lowering of all wages , leading to deflation , leading to diminishing quality of life . 
  increasing maximum working limits and lowering minimum wage together leads to effective slavery because subjectively the worker 's quality of life is reduced to work , eat , sleep . 
  there is evidence of this throughout contemporary africa and china . 
  a quick search for surveys of quality of life standards , crossed with active corporations and profit margins in the relevant countries will exemplify this for you in about an hour 's research . 
  i 'm not doing it for you . 
  my viewpoint is this really , currently i trust europe to regulate better than i trust the tories . 
  the tories will probably not last the next election in the uk and i 'd like if they did n't fuck everything up before that comes about . 
  that said , i do think that europe is growing steadily less democratic and there 's some points on both sides of the argument i agree with . 
  you 're right , i do n't like capitalism . 
  it * is * fundamentally flawed . 
  i 'd like a system that 's not unscientific and based on speculation and * is * actually based on empirical evidence . 
  i do n't think we 've hit any system on the head so far but democracy is a start . 
   maybe it 's magic !, 
  no , just regulation . 
  i mean , even with regulation you still get failures and massive shortcomings in execution . 
  there 's still many cases of effective slavery going on all across europe ( often involving the extortion of immigrants ) , and yes these are extreme cases , but they 're not actually that uncommon . 
  i 'm saying with what regulation there is , these `` freedoms '' are * still * being taken .
