sure we 're all just the north french islands anyways , are n't we ?!, 
  lads !? 
  ^ stir ^ stir ^ stir, 
  very few places would be economically close to new saxony to be fair . 
  the city of london is too significant a cog in the global economy . 
  that 's just on paper though , bavaria and lowland may seem more affluent in reality because quality of life . 
  man i love the welsh national anthem . 
  it 's my favourite national anthem of the 6 nations . 
  unfortunately we 've that [ ireland 's call ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vatmziacbmq ) bollocks for rugby ... 
  feels like it was written by a jingle writer . 
  i 'd prefer [ amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aip-a3qej2s ) [ pronounced : ow-rawn na vee-an with english phonemes ] any day , but politics . 
  no , [ this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slmb4zz5pky ) [ for reference ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8dmj3sglzk ), 
  [ one-wipe charlies !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/one-wipe-charlies ) they 're the mobile bidet . 
  i need to get out of advertising ... 
  i ca n't honestly disagree with any of your points except to say it will happen anyway for now because the ground is so fertile for it . 
  it 's how certain factions of the audience expect their news to be delivered to them , and of course it 's been stacked that way by influential figures and technologies . 
  the flaw in relying on the technique for those who abuse it is that their opponents can abuse it as easily . 
  when it is properly motivated and the message , morals and motivations of it are clear , the succinct presentation of an idea in this way can have impact and cause it to spread fast , give it attention and this is potentially beneficial for rallying the apathetic to a cause . 
  in a case such as the op 's article it could be clearly beneficial . 
  what is more , you ca n't stop the artistic from taking license with current events and affairs , which can be quite effective at turning attention on the truth of a situation , regardless of the success of the piece . 
  i would not advocate it so much as a form of journalism , but since artistic people and artists are going to do it anyway , when it 's done well , it 's good to point out what that is and how to recognise it . 
  this , i think , is the case here and no harm too , aside from the minor inaccuracies of detail , the motivations seem pure . 
  what 's more , exposure to this persuasive material , using consistent linguistic infrastructures , can encourage critical thinking through contradicting messages being delivered to the audience in a similar fashion . 
  enough experience of this could land people at your conclusion regardless . 
  allow me to say you explain your point of view well also . 
  i appreciate there is a ` time and place ' for rhetoric , and too often it comes from the powerful , institutional and influencial , who should be presenting their cases transparently and in detail . 
  i do n't think that is the same as in this case though , where the rhetoric is acknowledged for the resonance of its content by the audience , rather than imposed on a relatively captive audience such as mainstream news watchers . 
  it 's presented in a low-responsibility , low-influence , opt-in context and is clearly comprised of more artistic-persuasive motivations than political/journalistic-manipulative . 
  for these reasons i 'd say there is a place where you can get it right and that could be a powerful force for good . 
  for example the way a movie supposedly motivated reagan to seek a peaceful end to the cold war . 
  yes , i think you 're wrong but i understand your desire and frustration , even though i find it to be patently unrealistic . 
  the very truth of facts and the detail you examine them to is political where diplomacy is concerned . 
  often what is needed is merely a balance between persuasion and journalism ( in the original sense ) , and the debate it inspires , as we are having now . 
  people cry for objectivity when it is often not the most useful viewpoint to adopt to motivate diplomatic proceedings , especially when there 's a moral element to the debate , as there very often is . 
  there are cultural resonances that have no analogue to the other culture ( s ) involved and hence rhetorical devices are required to capture the sense of consequence being dealt with on each side . 
  this is mostly what the article is attempting to employ and ca n't really be harshly criticised for the effort . 
  what is significant is the intellectual dishonesty of these aesthetic choices , as well as the detail paid to the facts , and whether you feel that dishonesty can be forgiven to understand all parties ' intent , precedent and objectives . 
  given the comparative significance of the context to the audience 's personal experience , and their capability to understand the others ' , a detailed examination of the individual facts may not yield an objectively comparative moral response to the value of the issues in the debate . 
  this is not to be fatalistic about the presence of rhetoric , i 'm just trying to explain its worth when encouraging empathy from an audience who may be incapable of relating . 
  you ca n't say it is not particularly valuable in cases where it is objectively deserved in a moral sense . 
  this would of course be relatively speaking and with taking diplomatic nuance into account . 
  sorry , that got long-winded , it was all your big words that got me going . 
  j/k really , it is an undoubtedly complex issue . 
  i 'm speaking from what i 've understood of international diplomatic relations , which , for what it 's worth , i 've been incredibly lucky to experience the negotiation ( in a planning sense ) of first hand , at a very high level . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the be all and end all of politicking , but it still serves an important , often defendable , role in negotiating these mechanics . 
  of course it is often abused and i detest the priority `` optics '' are given in the current global political environment . 
  prior to certain personal experiences i felt very much as you do now but critical thinking can always be pushed further to connect the theoretical to the practical reality . 
  i 'd also just add it 's often a useful tool to figuring out the ethical , moral and political bottom line of these debates . 
  that is to say it can be a path to fleshing out the truth of the issue and allow political mechanics to be deployed with appropriate priority . 
  the fundamental problem you allude to is that it is not always employed with democratic motivations and can then become a terrifying weapon , particularly when combined with powerful and aggressive influences . 
  that 's so russian . 
  sorry , i 've to edit my comment completely , i addressed your intent first when you 're actually wrong in your first point ( the only one that contradicts / u/evilpeter ) and i think it 's a bit of a language issue . 
  a catalyst is an accelerant of the situation . 
  a `` fundamental reason for this fight '' within the dynamics of the situation ( the context ) was the eu-russia sphere of influence struggle , no doubt , but it was n't the catalyst per se . 
  catalyst in the sense / u/evilpeter and most people use it ( in a non-chemistry fashion ) , means the actual * event or action * that ignites the conflict . 
  the accelerant of it from tension to conflict . 
  therefore it ca n't be a contextual point such as the ongoing struggle you mention . 
  sorry again , just feel that needs to be pointed out since you 're passing / u/evilpeter in favour and he 's actually more accurate than you in addressing that and is right about the article . 
  no offense and nothing personal . 
  you 're correct about the primary goal and / u/evilpeter frames that poorly in this line :  is n't the eu and freedom from russia the fundamental reason for this fight ? 
  you jelly ? 
  you sound a little bit jelly . 
   he 's not writing a paper , consideration for aesthetic is allowed . 
  you 're british , surely you should understand that much !, 
  a lot of people are only capable of rhetoric on any of these issues , it 's how all current events are explained these days ( thanks media ) and also is a result of difficulty with understanding how events are transpiring exactly on the ground . 
  thankfully plenty of us work on understanding the nuances of the situation and where they fit with the rhetoric someone 's spouting , allowing us to infer their viewpoint quite easily . 
  there 's no need to be a pedant about literalism in this context . 
  i dunno man , i admire your optimism , but the second line is not always the case . 
  you 're so 80s . 
  well done mr. text book , you 're catching up now are n't you ? 
  pedantry is alweys ineffectual cunts ' last refuge . 
  it 's like you 've invented a new type of arguement , `` nauseo '' . 
  how did you manage to squeeze out that turd of a comment from your tubby fingers , you dumb shit . 
  it does n't even make sense , not to what you 've been saying or to how the world works . 
  nothing you said has anything to do with democracy or normal democracy . 
  you 've literally been telling me to stop debating , that the opposition do n't get to speak and that 's democracy . 
  that 's the point you 've been making you fucking moron . 
  now , but no , no i misunderstood , the point is you do n't `` rage '' and normal democratic people argue and persuade . 
  i did n't and no shit dumbass . 
  i 'm just getting all my insults in now because i 'm done listening to a dummie fuck like you who knows nothing about anything and just regurgitates shit political lines , stupid macho-posturing centrist comments and talk-radio while voting the same way your mammy and daddy does . 
  so you just abandon your principles if they 're voted against ( or do n't even get a vote ) . 
  got it . 
  align to whoever is winning . 
  you must n't much empathise with women , gays , atheists or other think-for-yourselfers that often are n't represented by majority rule . 
  ^ ( what you describe is mob mentality , not democracy , look it up - democracy is where all citizens may participate equally . 
  the interpretation and existence of such is still up for debate . 
  who did you say knows what about politics ? 
  and to think people here upvoted * you * ... ) ^ \\* shudders *, 
  \\* sighs * yes , we should all just think like you piliger ... whatever you like ... 
  no clue , nope . 
  not even one , have i !? 
  not even a single one at all !, 
  i 'm terrible ... 
  i 'm not whinging about it though , you 're wrong there . 
  i actually enjoy the `` but maybe ... '' side of it . 
  like , when offered democracy you should vote to maintain that democracy , right ? 
  * but maybe * if you vote to remain loyal subjects to a crown , and then are treated like subjects by that government , you 're getting what you deserve ? 
  they put the tories in power , this is about average for those authoritarian nutbags .
