did n't the original headline have enough of a factual twist in it for you liking ? 
  take your fear mongering elsewhere . 
  just because you can write a sentence that says it does n't fit that does n't mean my point does n't stand . 
  i see the issue , but that does n't mean i think it 's something the state should step in and alleviate . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  force people to not collect rent anywhere near the expected return of a property of that price ? 
  why should the state be able to do that ? 
  sure it 's a shame for those people , but that 's the crux of * renting * . 
  if you do n't own it you ca n't be sure to stay there for ever . 
  that 's not a reasonable expectation , in my view . 
  people move for better jobs all the time , i do n't see the issue with moving if you ca n't afford to live where you do . 
  well , i do n't expect to , which is my point . 
  what ? 
  if i drive my car into a ditch , then it 's my fault , but i 'm still stuck . 
  or like predicting war involving russia . 
  it might not happen , but no one would be surprised . 
  ` their ' . 
  if they actually owned them there would be no problem . 
  no , it would n't be the same . 
  200 years ago is n't as long ago as you make it out to be , and it 's not some minor easily forgettable detail , nor is it as fleeting as only a reference to the name . 
  your whole argument is based around not knowing about it . 
  that 's not going to change by pointing out that you should n't have to know about it . 
  you 're right though , the joke requires context . 
  the context is malta . 
  it does n't matter that you did n't ask for it . 
  we do n't care that you do n't like hearing it . 
  what you like or do n't is n't really relevant in respect to the topic . 
  that 's why i do n't support independence movements based on taxes . 
  it 's completely anti-socialist . 
  well , that 's fine and dandy , but that does n't make the joke bad . 
  ' i did n't get your joke , that makes your joke bad ! ', 
  people are uneducated about a lot of things , that 's right . 
  most people are also boring sods with nothing interesting to say . 
  that does n't mean other people ca n't enjoy jokes that require a modicum of education . 
  and i 'm not trying to make anyone feel bad for not getting the joke , that 's fine . 
  i 'm giving you shit because you seem to think that 's the guys fault . 
  uh ... yes . 
  it 's a small country with a small claim to fame . 
  the knights hospitaller , napoleon . 
  that 's about it . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  what ? 
  so committing hate crimes is the ledge of admission to being bad ? 
  regular massacring is not ? 
  how wonderfully convenient for your argument . 
  oh , because it only matters when it 's jews that are attacked . 
  a couple thousand . 
  so you are argument is based on a 100 times factor ? 
  lra knocking on your door , asking what 's up !, 
  since he immediately followed that up by saying the solution is to not let muslims immigrate anymore , you can imagine how is criticism of muslim anti-semitism must be worded if he get 's called a nazi . 
  seems like pretty arbitrary . 
  i ca n't wait for my father to jump ship as well , and tuning down his rhetoric would be nice too . 
  that 's not logic , sorry . 
  your first statement is an asumption . 
  clearly that 's the reason !, 
  nothing i said was hateful . 
  you just ca n't cope with frank disagreement . 
  you 're delusional , or your grasp of the english language is not as good as you think it is . 
  in no , i repeat * no * , way , did the greek make any statement concerning your families experiences , except to say that which i am saying now . 
  he merely said that you and your family do not have a right to declare valid use of the word reactionary . 
  language rules are descriptive not prescriptive . 
  before when ? 
  well , going to the atm to charge it up is no less effort than getting cash . 
  not going to the atm and using visa or ec though ... 
  because of his saltiness . 
  greek turkish war , cyprus , etc. 
  what 's the difference to ec karte ? 
  i just pay with visa everywhere . 
  which is embarrassing , frankly . 
  sg mach 's gut . 
  so many crows about , better put up the strawmen . 
  if you 'd actually celebrated and kept up the traditions you claim , instead of getting trashed on st patricks day and calling it a day this conversation would make sense . 
  dude mapping is a huuuuuuuuge task . 
  there 's a reason countries are loosing and gaining land to this day ... they just never measured it accurately enough . 
  you see , if you live in a country where that heritage is actually still alive ... 
  i 'll have forgotten it thrice by then . 
  ... but people are voting for them . 
  that makes it exactly as intended . 
  but its representative . 
  you are arguing for a system where minorities are overrepresented instead if equally represented it seems . 
  thats a different argument by miles . 
  i 'm not racist , but i wish for immigrants to be able to enjoy a healthy , stable work and life . 
  man , that was quite convincing . 
  yes . 
  i did n't say it was strong . 
  i said they ensured it would n't get strong again . 
  he 's not calling them animals . 
  he 's comparing them to wolves , a noble animal , whose position you can empathize with , but that you have to kill to protect yourself . 
  he is not saying poles are filthy animals , he 's saying that a strong polish state is dangerous for germany . 
  think of poland lithuania etc. 
  polands problem was that it was stuck between bigger states , that could n't risk it getting strong again . 
  it 's been said . 
  how does that support your cause ? 
  what makes you sad ? 
  i do n't know what i 'm looking for . 
  hey , do n't be mean !, 
  it 's hard to write a title that both * pushes your agenda * and does * not reveal your bias * , ok ? 
  i 'd say it 's more suited towards the left , but w/e . 
  people wont know you mean germany when you say bavaria . 
  and youre the one telling us its only annoying if the people ` correcting ' are wrong .
