  yes , i heard poles from hungary will support you as well , 
   tho , i guess if kaczy\u0144ski had trianon in his back pocket he might have lasted longer and eventually become such a nuisance . 
  there 's always wilno and lw\u00f3w : dd, 
  anonymous masks in anti acta protests never forget : ddd but yeah , events like those bring many different kinds of people, 
  poland has potential to be a lot more rich country , instead we got president who cant write and ruling party which promises everything and does nothing . 
   source on ukrainians celebrating any sort of anti-polish actions ? 
  on october 14 , 2014 , president petro poroshenko declared the upa 's anniversary to be a national holiday , called `` defenders day '' or `` the day of ukraine 's defenders . '', 
  the upa is responsible for 100k deaths of poles and jews , glorifying it is anti-polish because they were fascists . 
  i personally ca n't bring myself to like ukraine but i would like to see it escape russian influence . 
  its really sad what happened to you in 2013-2014 though . 
  we share a border with russia already . 
  the good people from upa do n't make the bad people in upa less bad . 
  you have to admit that guys like him were the minority . 
  sometimes i wonder why we even bother still supporting your country . 
  you build statues of mass murderers , and celebrate their actions . 
   but i support the one 's who were independent fighters for their nation yeah , positive for ukrainians . 
  like ethically cleansing the area of volhynia from non-ukrainians and other undesirables . 
  quite easy to understand when you look at it from ukrainian point of view after all . 
  i still think its exaggeration to call them friends ... 
  also upa ... 
  and what 's your opinion now ? 
   considering what he does politically ... not so much . 
  elaborate on that please, 
  trade does n't make them buddies, 
  ah so just like here in poland . 
  is orban viewed negatively now by most of hungarians ? 
  reminds me of anti-acta protests ... gl hungary, 
  acta made people leave and protest, 
   and which one of these was canceled to appease people ? 
  wrong . 
  in 1350 original village which was in place of lviv was burned by lithuanians , and king casimir the great colonized it again . 
  it was rebuilt from scratch . 
  the only thing lw\u00f3w had in common with the settlement of danilo was the name and general area of location, 
  lviv should be last thing that poland needs ... lands around lviv are poor like gypsy village ... we have already regions like masuria or lubulskie which needs some growth , adding lviv to it would be nail in coffin . 
  and thats just from economic point of view ... 
  good point , the thing is they should n't touch internet just so society stays happy and does n't care about things like raising taxes etc. 
  which one ? 
  yeah ... the title is just for sensation i guess . 
  i 'm sure it meant that those cities were build by poles . 
  it just confirms the theory that your government can fuck citizens any way they want but god forbid them to touch internet . 
  actually its pretty good idea for debate , just ask your political opponent about internet and if he will be for anything expect complete freedom then you can expect him to have devastating defeat in elections . 
  maybe , i do n't know , it was probably because we had common enemy . 
  bonaparte is remembered by poles as hero ... he 's even in our national anthem ... wish he succeeded at finishing moskals ... 
  swedish leftists are so fucking disgusting . 
  it depends on the country , for example in poland most young people know english but the same ca n't be said about older people so it depends on who will you talk with . 
  also , very important question - are you white ? 
  because if you 're not then you probably will have people looking at you all around ( especially if you 're black ) , its usually not hostility but shock , because most of our people had never seen black skinned people in their lives . 
  i dont like so heavy generalized questions , especially with country usa which is diverse in cultures , ethic groups , religions and so on . 
  probably answer in most of cases would be that no one would be bothered with them as long as they act friendly and civilized . 
  ussr culture, 
  that 's it , 
  hey , i heard germans have special word for feeling good about misery of someone else it starts with s i think ? 
   if you die , we wo n't miss you . 
  aww , you hurt my feelings :(, 
  it does , on october 14 , 2014 , president petro poroshenko declared the upa 's anniversary to be a national holiday , called `` defenders day '' or `` the day of ukraine 's defenders . '', 
  sorry , what i meant was that the problem is even with not what they did , but that current government celebrates those deeds . 
  so you see absolutely nothing wrong with it ? 
  lets just think about our good past , not bad one [ never forget ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1s4hzt1.png ), 
  i wont . 
  lets try again , upa was organization responsible for genocide of 100k people and was recreated by bandera , with which part do you disagree ? 
  the struggle to gain independence is totally unrelated to those ethnic cleans . 
  their goal was to wipe out every non ukrainian which is the definition of fascism . 
  the organization responsible for genocide is recognized as heroes by official government and their foundation day is national holiday now . 
  the problem is even with not what they did , but that current government celebrates those deeds . 
  so you see absolutely nothing wrong with it ? 
  volyn massacre was ordered by upa which followed bandera views on other ethnicities residing in ukraine . 
  you want to tell me that hitler was n't murderer , he was just giving orders ? 
  so genocide is justified because they were defending , got it . 
  you 're implying poland attacked ukraine in ww2 because you said they were trying to defend , from what ? 
  from those innocents polish kids that got cut in half with saw by ukrainian fascists ? 
  stop trying to make ukraine victim here , the allied themselves with fascists with common goal of exterminating poles and they were attackers just as germans were against poland , not defenders . 
  yes , but saying we simply annexed this really oversimplifies this because poles were big majority in vilnius so it was hard to find a common ground between this . 
  lol , nope casimir the great conquered it during his reign . 
  you compare him to fascist murderers that wanted to kill *** every *** pole in ukraine , as i said pi\u0142sudski did some bad things but he brought peace to our country , saved it from bolshevik invasion ( and many other countries , while were on it ) and liberated it from foreign powers , do n't compare pi\u0142sudski to murderers of 100k people because its absurd . 
  should germany honour its nazi soldiers because they defended berlin as well ? 
  lol , comparing pi\u0142sudski to bandera is so wrong , yes pi\u0142sudski was n't saint but he never gave order to kill every person that is not pole , most of germans left poland peacefully leaving weapons in polish-german border . 
  i heard meeting an fascist ukrainian was worse than meeting german or soviet soldier , meeting ukrainians was always painful death by tortures no matter what gender or age you were . 
  first link : that 's a bit different situation , i do n't know what was the context to his opinion second link : that 's completely irrelevant , he never stated kibols are patriots , also he 's idiot and no one takes him seriously, 
  on october 14 , 2014 , president petro poroshenko declared the upa 's anniversary to be a national holiday , called `` defenders day '' or `` the day of ukraine 's defenders . '', 
  glad we found common ground , lets drink to that . 
  lets just say fuck konrad mazowiecki, 
  yeah ... no one likes him . 
  also , any proof ? 
  nope . 
  i wont accept glorifying nazis . 
  get over it ? 
  get over deaths of 100k poles in lw\u00f3w by fascist ukrainians ? 
  some crimes should be never forgotten especially if the same people who did this are glorified by ukrainian president . 
  parts of it were polish , like danzig , but that 's not the point , the guy asked me about lviv and vilniyus, 
  the point is the guy asked me about this story , i have n't stated that lviv and vilno was ours out of blue . 
  700 years ago before casimir the great conquered it and made it polish colony . 
  since then the city was polish to the roots . 
  the thing is , east prussia was polish before it became part of prussia . 
  but hey , at least we did n't kill every german we 've seen on the street by most imaginable brutal methods to claim these lands . 
  if you read a bit more about lw\u00f3w case then you would understand why its so controversional for many poles , not to mention that upa is glorified by ukrainian president . 
  and i know that annexation of vilnius was dick move toward our lithuanian brothers . 
  wilno and lw\u00f3w were polish cities before end of ww2 and some poles see lose of these very important historical cities as great injustice , while i can agree that wilno deserves to be lithuanian i think lw\u00f3w is far more controversial since its related to massacre of 100k poles by ukrainian pro-fascist government . 
  wtf ? 
  football hooligans are very often criminals and are arrested just as every criminal ... and i 'd like to have some context to politicians and church praising them because i never heard of that before . 
  literally no sane person in poland sympathizes with this scum , we hate our football hooligans ... tbh ukraine should be more careful because it tries to destroy our relations on bigger scale by glorifying upa,
