plus ireland has famously been considered in many plans as the back-door to a british invasion . 
  yeah i 'm kinda surprised you guys did n't build a bigger military in ww2 or even know because ireland is literally still the best point to invade the uk from and we are n't exactly not making more enemys at the moment ( russia for a recent example ) . 
  not that ireland or the uk are in any threat of being invaded ... but it does seem to me ireland is really banking on the uk stepping in and defending them if anything were to go to shit . 
  it would probably be better if ireland just gave the uk a lump sum of money for military expenditure , economy of scale and all that and have the uk sign a treaty that we would defend ireland at all costs . 
  god knows how you would pass that law though but right now the situation just seems silly given that ireland does n't do that and yet is pretty much protected as any part of the uk whilst spending a very small amount . 
  the russians are n't though , making 120 million suffer is never going to be black and white . 
  i would be impressed with your counter strike kill streak < 3 on zombie mode it can really difficult to do if the zombies health is high enough and you start with a pistol . 
  they did n't get past step 2 of communism ... the whole dictator thing carried on . 
  communism under marxs rule set was much different ... because there is n't supposed to be a brutal dictatorship ... they 're supposed to be gone ... which is difficult to do because most dictators who are supposed to re-distribute the wealth under marxs rules ( they did n't ) are supposed to step down after . 
  now i 'm not a massive fan of communism but to pretend the soviet union was communism is as hilarious as pretending the uk is a free market capitalist nation . 
  it 's pretty odd that neither capitalism nor communism has ever been tried in their first form but rather just socialism ( even the us has a welfare system ) probably because they 're both shit ideas , communism for the obvious reasons of incentives to make decent products and getting past the dictator stage and capatalism because it means anyone that does n't play ballin the right way ends up homeless . 
  socialism is the compromise the eu and usa/canada/new zealand/australia have come to . . and odd mixture of capatalism and communism that seems to work well . 
  looks really awkward to be in, 
   but you have to take in account that more than half of german dax companies are owned by international investors who gain much of this money like most others ... like the ftse 100 . 
  `` on the other hand imports and holidays abroad are getting more expensive with a weaker currency which harms common citizens '' it would if german holiday destinations were n't normally southern europe ... who just so happen to be desperate enough for business to lower their prices to keep their businesses afloat . 
  `` that just germany forces its will on southern europe is also a quite one-sided view , even if this may be often written in international media . 
  one could also see it the other way round . 
  germany also had to enter many compromises inside the eurozone . '', 
  that was a long time ago , at the creation of the eurozone which france demanded germany enter . 
  `` the bailouts and the banking union just to name a few '' the bailouts were paid by the whole of northern europe ... and yeah it would kind of suck if half of germanys biggest export markets went bust . 
  it was n't an act of kindness . 
  banking union ? 
  yeah that 's on hold and if anything benefits germany and the rest of the eurozone just as much . 
  germany holds the cards of bailout loans , and yes reforms are needed in southern europe ... but a real central bank is needed for the eurozone ... hell the only reason southern europe is still afloat is because the ecb buys bonds from people that buy southern european goverment bonds . 
  they use a middle man to avoid crossing their mandate . 
  watching this happen from outside the euro-zone is annoying because directed another country to commit to a 3 percent deficit or risk them going bankcrupt after literally not sticking to the deal yourself for several years . 
  is it a wonder why hollande is telling merkel ` no ' . 
  the difference is germanys exports benefits from it and they like having a weaker currency to make their exports cheaper . 
  i have no issue with paying the money that is owed but to suggest that the uk bitches and complains whilst germany literally forces it 's will on southern europe and then bitches and complains when they do n't play along . 
  ask the french , or the germans ... both broke the 3 % agreement . 
  the french are breaking it right now , fair enough i say . 
  nah he wants to stay in the eu ( i agree ) but he has to appear to oppose the eu . 
   some are just tired of the constant complaining and blackmail from the uk . 
  hilarious from a german , merkel is literally forcing southern europe by the knife to implement what they consider proper economic theory . 
  blackmail you say ? 
  how about if germany says to greece keep the austerity up or no more loans ? 
  which it is . 
  camerons a cunt , but merkel has been a far bigger cunt to southern europe by far by forcing them through this without allowing any help from the ecb other then ` off the books ' . 
  merkel is so scared of inflation the eurozone is about to go into deflation . 
  merkel needs to get her arse into gear and change what the ecb does ( act like a real central bank ) . 
  even hollande is fed up of merkel these days . 
  surely most americans on reddit know how we feel about these things so why would we debate them ? 
  if they want to start a debate about it they should post a topic about it ... there will be downvotes of course as with any dissenting opinion among the masses of most subreddits , it should n't be like that but it is . 
  go for it yourself if you feel up for it , for example i can think of some of the merits of the american system of healthcare for example it helps big pharma develop new drugs and treatments which cost a shit ton to develop . 
  well there also the debates about the eus economic system and how the eurozone should get out of it 's current crises . 
  then there 's the ones about polands stance on russia and the safety of the baltics . 
  italy/greeces problems with illegal immigration from africa and that effects europe and spains economy . 
  gas threats/actions from russia and on eu leadership being very lopsided towards germany/france . 
  then there 's ones about the uk economy and the french economy . 
  the uk generally telling europe to fuck off as well . 
  then the topics about european stereotypes and jokes about them and history jokes about disputes/bloody wars ( one in the same in europe ) . 
  these things matter to europeans ... because it effects us ... half of us being in nato as well americans should see how it effects them along with the biggest trading block in the world by gdp will effect them if it tanks ... well i do n't know what to say seeing as we 're negotiating a free trade agreement . 
  why would we debate universal healthcare ? 
  we 're all agreed about it here . 
  we 're also do n't have any kind of issue with gun ownership , that issue has been settled in most european countries and in some it 's legal and some not and each country is fine with it 's choice as far as i know . 
  not all ` fiscal union . 
  minimum wages and normalization of accounting practices across the board , not just the eu ideally . ', 
  yeah as i typed it i was was kinda thinking to myself ` was n't that that much earlier ... possibly we 'll see how it goes ' you win fair and square on that point . 
  it did boost economic growth by a shed load though . 
  erm the opposite happened , recession over for you guys and you were not by any margin the only country sending supplies , ... brazil to name just one country from sa sent alot . 
  the us was desperate to get out of it 's recession and keep the economic boom going ... ` stripped out assets ' ... 
  still working out well for germanys exports what with having a much weaker currency than the dm . 
  ` mixed economy ' is literally a term used for cherry picking certain parts of market systems ( socialism and free market ) and applying them to make a new system . 
  `` of course it is . 
  that there are some homeless people does n't negate the fact that our economic system works very well . 
  i did n't say it was perfect . 
  you really need to get some perspective , mate . '', 
  it does n't work very well ... in what world would you call rising inequality over the past 3 decades an economic system that works well ... we just had a massive credit crises because of how badly it can work without proper fail safes . 
  when your literally expecting a recession every 10 years rationalising it as a ` business cycle ' you you should the economic system is not exactly working excellently . 
  it works okay , if it was working very well we would n't have these problems . 
  the housing market is directly related to economics ... do n't blame me if you ca n't see how . 
  exactly what i would expect from a cowardly frenchman . 
   i , on the other hand , could n't care less if somebody makes a profit , all i 'm interested in is what works best for the consumers . 
  you probably should care if they make a profit , and how much profit because that adds to the price of whatever your trying to buy ... and lower prices does work best for the the consumers . 
  `` so my question is : why is healthcare supposed to be an exception ? 
  what makes healthcare so drastically different from all the other kinds of services and goods that private enterprise successfully provides to the great benefit of consumers ? 
  just please do n't say `` necessity '' because it is no more necessary than food or shelter - and those have worked pretty well without nationalization . '', 
  if your talking about the uk then i have no idea what world you have been living in . 
  we 're constantly in a housing bubble because of privatization of homes , wait until it pops again as soon as banks stop buying up homes for use of assets to show the government they have ` assets ' to fall back on if they hit a hard time . 
  infact it 's probably the worst thing you could have chosen because private industry has fucked up so badly with homes it 's just funny watching the bank of england thinking ` if we raise the rate by 2 % we 're fucked ' . 
  house prices are ridiculous and the fact they need outside intervention through cheap mortgages through the bank of england interest rates and schemes like ` help to buy ' to keep up the whole charade laughs in the face of any free market principles . 
  `` just please do n't say `` necessity '' because it is no more necessary than food or shelter - and those have worked pretty well without nationalization . '', 
  i 'll be sure let homeless and people who use foodbanks know this is the case ... except we have housing benefit/income support/job seekers as government intervention but the private sector for those products is n't good enough to cover everyone . 
  you know the reason why even the usa , the most free market economy is n't free market ? 
  it 's because they have welfare because you have to an idiot to think having a free market economy works , it does n't . 
  goodjob to poland , although i have to wonder if germany played their strongest team ? 
  no funny ideas , we 'll do it a third time . 
  totally socialist !, 
  would never do austerity !, 
  hollande stronk !, 
  xaxa da * haha try and stop us *, 
  they are catchy . 
  if their socialist should n't they prefer the nordic way more ? 
  if anything we 're just baiting them to make the first move in our inevitable nuclear war ... farage has come as the prophecies foretold and we are ready . 
   giving money to the uk when the current prime minister is threatening to leave the eu and to run away with money every other day is not a good investment . 
  it 's not giving money if you give more money to the eu than you receive , it 's getting some back . 
  also the import/export that you mentioned applies to all countries with a trade deficit ... like the uk . 
  portugal received over # 2 billion from the eu in net payments in 2009 before the euro crises ... the uk gave # 4 billion net in 2009 . 
  dear eu please stop giving my money to portugal until they learn to count . 
  fuck it , we 're lazy .
