  doing my part , 2 beans and toast today already . 
  i agree with you , how did they become so weak ? 
  ( i really do n't know ), 
  yeah ... but he does missions at the same time ... it makes him sexier . 
  do n't be ridiculous ... cia conspiracy ... this in an mi6 conspiracy . 
  what do you think james bond has been doing since the last film ? 
  shhhh, 
  you must honestly think your making people mad ... bless you . 
  `` dude you are the worst troll ever , your arguments are weaker than god 's sanctity after he fucked virgin mary . '', 
  great bible passage , it was like 50 shades of grey only sexier . 
  `` lol hilarious , maybe you should read some history/scientific books instead of reading the bible over and over . '', 
  bless you deary . 
  `` after this sentence your credibility dropped so much , that the only way of it coming back is if i now become religious and successfully pray it back for you . '', 
  oh my your a cheeky buger are n't you ? 
  do n't worry deary the lord still has faith in you . 
  `` dude , i dont even know where to start '' you should probably start by not saying the word ` dude ' and sounding like a 12 year old boy , but this just my opinion of how you sound . 
  `` so they manipulate people into it for this emotional reason . 
  for like thousands of years this was the sole reason for wars . '', 
  my god , i read history and am likley awful at it still but atleast i can take solace in the fact that your worse than me at it . 
  `` other reason is when companies see more profit in war or coupdetat , there are so many instances in the past 200 hundred years that i have no room to write it for you ... but like here is one , i dont dare to give you many sources because you might realize along the way that it is not the bible and you wo n't read any of it : '' i kind of feel that your trying to be as stupid as possible , but if you want any help let me know and i 'll try to help as best i can , 
  it does n't matter ? 
  did the uk not just set up a reaction force and commit 1,500 troops to the defense of poland ? 
  yes i do think most wars in history were made by logical choices , although what i or you consider logical changes to unlogical depending on how far back in time you want to go . 
  `` oh and dont worry about putin , he will be safe in his bunker while 95 % of population dies . 
  just like every war before ... wonder why the children of these leaders somehow never die in wars ? '', 
  yeah if was even crazy mad with power he would probably want the country he rules to survive ... `` just because you want to live safe and be naive in your little first world bubble , does n't mean you should completely shut your eyes and give yourself up to your god and let it happen what he wishes . '', 
  no idea what you mean here , i am pretty safe living in the uk if that 's what you mean ... 
  i do beleive their is a god or atleast something like it ... although that is nothing to do with what we 're talking about . 
  shutting our eyes are we ? 
  i 'll forget the support for sanctions on russia then , oh and the bombing of isis . 
  atleast a good troll actually tries to make someone mad other than spouting stuff that would be laughed out of most rooms . 
  plenty of people expected it , the empire/commonwealth deal with ukraine happened what like 1 year before nazi germany attacked for that reason . 
  they would lose a convential war and so they 'll never start one with any eu member . 
  yeah because putin is now sucidal and the uk/france do n't have nuclear weapons . 
  i think it largely stems from the warsaw uprising and that the uk government of the time really fucked up by not supporting it . 
  `` the most murderous regime in the history of mankind '' not true and we both know that . 
  `` how much faith would you put in externall guarantees of security ? '', 
  well considering the uk has gone to war over any country that attacks another country that is bound to defnd ( see belguim/portugal/poland ) and the all baltics are nato i would assume pretty safe . 
  the russians barely have a functioning aircraft carrier whilst we 're buiilding new stae of the art ones so they 're not threatening anybody at sea . 
  land wise it 's true that they have a large advantadge , but i would bet against those supposed 1 million soldiers having proper training and equipment but i think we would need the help of france/germany/italy / spain to beat them back on land . 
  the empire/commonwealth had around with the us 1.5 million , the soviets had 4-5 million . 
  there population was larger than it is now . 
  there 's a picture of soviet armys in germany compared to commonwealth/empire and us armys and the difference is pretty big . 
  although to be fair by the end of the war in europe our armys were much better equiped than what the soviets called ` armys ' . 
  yep , they will soon have a better military than spain . 
  although spain wo n't be down for as long as it said on this subreddit . 
  spain will recover within 5 ~ years and may increase it 's military budget . 
  it 's a good question but your right that there are 3 and possibley 4 countries with decent militaries ( uk , france , italy and spain ) . 
  the uk and france were my first two countries . 
  germany is a bit odd in that it lacks naval power like the other four . 
   very poor record of western powers coming to their help , yeah i 'm sorry but the entire empire/commonwealth came to help when it came to poland so that is n't true , unless you expected after literally millions of casaulties and being financially ruined for us to declare war on the soveit union with the soviet union having 3 * our army ( us as well is included ) in the front line ( east germany ) . 
  you know what ? 
  we wanted to do it anyway at the time through operation unthinkable ( it was a plan to attack the soveit union which churchill wanted to do ) . 
  if you get canada/uk/new zealand/australia/south africa/india/pakistan / god knows how many other countries to go to war because you 've been attacked and commit to bankcrupting itself to a war then to call it a western betrayal is just insulting . 
  nato is literally only crediable if it responds to any nation being attacked , hence afganistan . 
  i do n't blame blatics or poland for having a hard line with russia , i agree with their governments . 
  except the part where they think they would be attacked , it wo n't happen ... they 'll mess around economically but that is all . 
  they 're completing a contract that that they agreed to , after having already said they will not complete half of it ... which is a big blow to confidence in to the french military industrial complex . 
  russia is n't going near you guys or the batlics , your all eu/nato members and the fact that we just put russia into a recession over ukraine which is n't even an eu member should tell you that you will be defended . 
  poland is n't exactly a country you can ignore these days ... they 're looking to be the third member with a decent military force in the eu . 
  they may not be on the same level as france but pissing off their government is n't a smart move . 
  sorry this will have to do . 
  [ telegraph article so remember right wing bias ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/healthnews/9359212/obese-and-smokers-less-of-a-burden-on-the-nhs-than-the-healthy-who-live-longer-report.html ) the nhs costs for treating less healthy people are quite low , when ; people get older they need alot more treatment from perscriptions to possibley wheelchairs and caretakers . 
  the difference is smokers tend to pay for their treatment twice over through tax if that were their only contribution nevermind national insurance . 
  sure give me a second, 
  thanks for answering , although i ca n't afford to buy the equipment to grind it though . 
  no your not the most common way of curing cancer is some form of either surgery of chemo , both pretty inexpensive compared to other treatments . 
  would that work for someone in the uk ? 
  the whole shipping from moldova and for tobacco not cigs . 
  you realise because smokers die younger they cost far less on the nhs right ? 
  once people reach their older ages which smokers are less likley to reach healthcare in general becomes much more expensive to upkeep for them . 
  saying your fine with this current tax system is like saying your fine with fatty foods being taxed to hell , people know it 's bad for them , it costs the nhs short term , saves money long term if they die younger . 
   which is about the average , no it 's not ... 10 is the average from my personal expierence and everyone i know ( about 20 ~ or so smokers from different parts of the country ) . 
  life expectancy just means overall smokers die younger ... the overall is brought to that point for people who die from cancer . 
  it does n't mean your going to live 8 years shorter than other people if you smoke . 
  also 8 years longer on the whole ` full health ' is just stupid anyway ... because very few people actually do what is considered for ` full health ' . 
  it is time for the eu to ascend to plain of higher being , it is time to re-establish the empires of europe . 
  of course they did n't want to do it , a non eu and non nato member is having trouble ? 
  why should they care , ukraine may as well be congo , being closer geographicaly does not mean that it 's your business to interfere . 
  the effects of interfering when the eurozone is already in an economic crises ( still is ) will be bad , not seriously bad but nobody wants to add to a crises . 
  that 's not an assumption , that is true by the fact that you all use the same military hardware so you buy in bulk which reduces costs . 
  that is true for anyone buying anything in bulk that a certain product ( weapons in this case ) . 
  no doubt a shitload of corruption and russia is more likley to inflate its spending on ` defense ' than other countries because they want to appear more powerful than they actually are . 
  china on the other hand tries to hide it , for good or bad . 
  the military salaries point is pretty good , it no doubt makes up the bulk of spending for russia when you consider how many troops they ` have ' ... which kind of makes me think think they really still are n't up to scratch tech wise along with buying warships from france . 
  `` eu did n't want to get involved . '', 
  putting sanctions that put them into a recession is kind of getting involved ... 
  you were supposed to bring balance to the force eu !, 
  not leave it in darkness !, 
  you were the chosen one !, 
  untouchables is a great new french film, 
  ` love actually ' , there are plenty of other great british films but that film is great beyond belief . 
  most halal animal killing are done on stunned animals that ca n't feel a thing ... if you 've ever seen a video of a what goes on in the meat industry then you accept it 's pretty much the same . 
  i 'm not sure what to make of that ... although to be fair you guys did fire v2 rockets into london ... which tbh if you could do again the rest of the country may applaud you . 
  we 're in those days now , i meet irish all the time and have a laugh with them in pubs and nights out getting smashed . 
  would n't trade you bastards for another neighbor . 
  i like what you did there, 
  well then latvia is quite like us as well !, 
  perhaps a baltic/scandinavian/british union is in order ? 
  if you guys do n't mind being joined with the estonians that is .
