  the problem lies in the fact that it has a massive amount of potential for abuse against on our citizens but also foreign citizens as well . 
  your not wrong about the spying , gchq does indeed spy on all other eu states and does share the information with the rest of the five eyes ( us , new zealand , australia and canada ) although gchq also shares it with eu members states , but not to same extent as the five eyes so your right . 
  keep in mind germany and france do the same thing back to the uk and to other eu countries as well . 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  edit : gchq is like the usa 's nsa, 
  actually all main parties in the uk are for staying in the eu except for ukip . 
  i think it was something like 52 % are for stating in the eu as well . 
  the current uk government want to be in the eu , they just do n't want to be part of an eu super state . 
  indeed , merkel is doing a fine job persuading russia to back down ... except germany needs their crude oil and natural gas ... the uk and france on the other hand , not at all hence they can be more threatening and actually follow through . 
  as bad as it is , you want warmongers talking to other warmongers so they know your not fucking around . 
  i do n't want germany to do anything , germany has not been a country of aggressive foreign policy since ww2 . 
  france and the uk on the other hand should be leading the eastern european countries in an aggressive negotiation with russia while supplying the ukrainian government with training/weapons if they need it . 
  people will see/smell your arm much easier than your arsehole ... the only time someones gunna be close enough to care if your arse has been thoroughly washed if if your about to do something sexual with it ... in which case it would be common sense to wash it beforehand the same way you would wash your penis/vagina beforehand . 
  different cultures i guess , but i imagine it is cleaner if you 've had a very messy shit . 
  toilet paper ... then wash your hands with soap ... spraying water up your arse sounds weird to me . 
  good enough for now, 
  i think your going a little far ... if you want to question europes allies i would n't put the us anynear the top of the list of bad nations . 
  we would n't put sanctions on the us because it would be economic sucide for both the eu and the us . 
  yeah ... but a lion ... think about it , 
  pssht screw eagles . . lets go for a lion . . 
  i may be biased . 
  you started it , bloody vikings . 
  yea bruv dats the t ` ing . 
  that 's not true , they have been indepedant for a very long time now . . even made some films about it . 
  lovley stuff . 
  some pretty good looking flags they got in return though . 
  `` for anyone accusing the article of russophobic scare mongering : since 2000 russian military doctrine has subscribed to the notion that limited nuclear strikes may actually be a form of deterrent in a war against nato . 
  their backassward logic is that if russia uses tactical nukes on europe and the us it will show us what the risks are and therefor we will back down . '', 
  i 'm not calling it russiaphobic but fucking laughable . 
  right lets get this straight you actually think the russia nukes the us they would n't literally nuke them right out of existence . 
  you think if russian military high command does not know that if they nuke the uk or france they get nuked back ... the risks are already known unless a world leader forgot that russia has nuclear weapons . 
  you either have a clear agenda or are stupid on this subject . 
  we know here in england that you only do it so us english will get lost . 
  ` gaelic scottish ' and ` welsh ' is just made up bullshit to confuse us when driving or invading . 
  most are n't , that 's the outskirts of london . 
  do n't act like you do n't secretly like the pirated dvds, 
  your going to feel bad now , i was and still am drunk . 
  therefore i am excused from all spelling mistakes under reddit proclamation fuck you  .  ;p, 
  did n't realise they got rid of liz . 
  to be fair if charles is the monarch i ca n't really blame them . 
   ok so i take it you never follow the news when france and the uk deploy abroad ? 
  there are always american c-17s and c-130s involved even if they have no involvement in said conflicts in the first place . 
   no totally missed the wars in iraq and afganistan , mali you say ? 
  never heard of it . 
  you do not need to air to air refuel planes , they can do via ground . . 
  it is just easier , american involvement literally makes it just that easier . 
  to think that france could n't get the job done themselves without american help is just wrong because it just means without american help it is harder to stay in the air all of the time . 
  hell if france rreally wanted to they could just take over mali again since they can move massive amounts of troops/tanks/aircraft around anywhere in world because they have a blue water navy and military bases near most of the world like us . 
  `` the campaign over libya was the most glaringly humiliating event though -- the eu decided to take action without the us but after only a few days we ran out of bombs and needed help , at which point the americans took over the whole operation and finished it ( with token uk/french help ) . 
  the rest of europe sat on their arses like fools after beginning the air campaign in the first place . '', 
  the italians were on board for a start , i think your talking about running out of missiles not bombs , the reason for this was because we started killing everything rather than just aircraft ( tanks ) . 
  it was supposed to be a no fly zone but if you suddenely decide to change your mind and start shooting at everything after a decade in iraq and afghanistan then your going to run out of ammo . 
  once again they could of simply bought more ammo . 
  american help is not needed , it is preferred because it 's much cheaper and once again i 'll say we could have just sent in an army with tanks and toppled their government that way . 
  spain , italy , germany , france , uk could all toppled libya without any need for american help ... it is easier and cheaper to have american help and the decision was to do it with just aircraft and special forces . 
   1 ) that wiki link is just a list of the eu 's separate military forces . 
  they have no meaningful command structure , no ability to operate beyond one 's borders , and no will to actually take part in any military operations . 
  we do and france does ... both of us have blue water navys and nuclear weapons . 
  `` the rest of nato needs the us on the other hand because we lack many capabilities ourselves and only the americans are able to provide them -- for example we have limited ammunition stockpiles ( after a week of bombing libya we all ran out of bombs and missiles and had to beg the us to take over ) , we have virtually no ability to project power ( outside the uk and france , both of whom still use us transports every time we do anything ) , we have very little long-range aircraft , aerial refueling , and early-warning systems , etc. '', 
  actually were alright on all of that stuff , we are helping the french right now with air to air refueling in mali . 
  long range airfraft . . pretty the sure typhoon counts as does the rafale . 
  early warning systems ... against what ? 
   most western european countries have a history of fucking over eastern europe when it suits them , as such saying you 'll back us up if the need comes is not as compelling as having some of your troops train with ours on the eastern borders . 
  because words are words , but blood will ensure that your countries will enter the war . 
  to be fair the british empire did enter ww2 over poland . 
  i kinda see what you mean , but we have sent some troops to eastern europe in the last few days to ` train ' . 
  eastern european governments have been pushing for further sanctions on russia but they have also formed a military alliance led by poland . 
  do eastern european governments think they will ever be invaded by russia ? 
  also do they think that western european governments would not back them up if they were ever invaded or screwed with like ukraine is ? 
  `` the problem with that is , you need proof . 
  i or anyone else actually do n't have any , all he have is suspicions . 
  people have tried to tie basescu to some shady deals , but they always run into the same problem . 
  they have no proof . 
  so either basescu is simply smarter at stealing than the rest and knows how to hide is trail better or he was n't ever involved . '', 
  i think he corrupt ... but possibly the right kind of corrupt . 
  all that is needed is someone who is in opposition to him to do the same . 
  that was the way he was able to clean up the corruption so effectively . 
  you ca n't screw over big people unless you have dirt on them . 
  bloody media moguls , one of ours just got let go from a trial where she was blatantly guilty called rebecka brooks . 
  very difficult to get rid of the people that control the news . 
  interesting stuff , but now i 've got you to reply ... why does romania and other eastern european governments fear russia so much now they are apart of the eu and nato . 
  `` firstly , there have been people from basescu 's party that have been investigated and ended up in prison , others are currently facing investigations , including basescu 's brother ( !!! ), 
  which is currently in prison awaiting trial . '', 
  good , but it is kinda selective justice if like you said you think basescus family has indeed been stashing money away . 
  elective monarchy ... is n't that just democracy but with a longer time in power ? 
  but yeah most of the royalty in europe is related , used to be a way of securing alliances but now well . . you can see why they tend to marry outside . 
  although queen liz ii of the uk and australia and new zealand . . well she 's queen of alot of places from canada to south africa . 
  but yeah she 's alright . 
  i think it 's more of an anti-london stance because they do get alot of tax money invested in them even when compared to the amount of tax that is generated . 
  never , we make them suffer . 
   which looks increasingly and increasingly unlikely good , your not going anywhere . 
  they are still being targeted though right ? 
  would n't it be good if they did the same thing ? 
  that would get rid of both party 's corrupt people . 
  speak for yourself , they 're all shepards favourite stores , he 's so indecisive which is why it takes him so long to answer anything or make choices . 
  dunno what your talking about , have n't you got a hover car ? 
  thanks for the reply , i 'm learning quite alot about romanian poltics and it sounds like the intelligence service/basecsu along with the judges are cleaning house . 
  although on a selective basis . . kind of . 
  holy shit you would think kicking the people out who were still loyal to the former ` communist ' regime in the 80 's would of been a first priority once your country takes an entirely different direction . '', 
  parliament suspended basescu in spring 2007 , but the referendum failed spectacularly and basescu was reinstated a month later . '',
