  stability comes about through careful economic policies , growth does n't happen out of thin air and where the government spends has a large part in it . 
  take stem subjects for example , you do n't have to pay the 9000k if you do one of those subjects . 
  government policy has a massive amount to with growth , fiscal policys are always important . 
  government policy decides growth . 
  you act as if it was only ever labour that increased the debt , it 's increasing still under the tories and did when they last in power . 
  the deficit is n't actually as important as you think when you can print your own money . 
  i.t contract messed up i 'll give you that , everyone government is normally borrowing money . 
  benefits have almost nothign to do with what is going on , it accounts for a tiny amount of the spending and i can tell you that life on benefits is not a good way to live . 
  are you crazy ? 
  it 's a direct response to the global economic crises , if the rest of the e.u is n't doing well who we do more than 50 % of our trade with then how on earth would you expect our economy to recover . 
  yeah gordon brown is responsible for the euro crises / s it was n't house prices that made the crash happen , i just explained what made it happen . 
  it was steady and stable until 2008 from 2000 . 
  to be fair , this bust was n't really anything to do with us but just u.k banks taking sub prime mortgage packages from u.s banks . 
  ( u.k banks did n't even know they were shit because ratings agency 's said they were fine . ), 
  u.s banks are to blame here , you could argue u.k banks for not double checking but they did n't intentionally sell mortgages to people they knew would n't be able to pay for them and then sell them off to foreign banks making them mistrust each other so lending freezes up and the banking system is built on banks lending to each other when they have a shortfall for a day , but they were mistrustful of each other because they did n't quite know where the bad mortgages where . 
  u.k banks get to much shit for what happened , it was u.s banks . 
  edit : also gordon brown was doing an alright job when he was in charge of the economy , nobody could have seen what happened coming . 
  it 's just not as widespread as you would think , depends on the person . 
  i hope you enjoy your stay here  . 
  other than landlease compared to the other nations involved it really did n't play that big a role . 
  tell what the u.s did other than landing the least amount of troops on d-day and island hopping in the pacific while the commonwealth ( one of the main reasons india got their independence peacefully and rightly so ) and china held down their real forces ? 
  get over it . 
  the u.s did help with landlease but military wise it was n't really a big factor . 
  a good way to sum up both world wars would be to have two sides having a fight and one side knocking the other down then america comes in and kicks the people who are down in the face . 
  how on earth do you think the french empire and the british commonwealth fall after two world wars and yet america comes out of it as a superpower , your kidding yourself if you do n't know it was by leaving the heavy lifting to the soviets , french and british . 
  the u.s did pretty much nothing in both world wars other than the land lease agreement the u.s was n't a significant factor . 
  before you try and bring out the pacific who do you think was fighting them before you joined ww2 for 4 years of the war ? 
  china and the british commonwealth . 
  just because you took a few islands and landed a few troops on d-day ( alot less then the british commonwealth landed btw ) does n't mean you did that much , you were a minor player when it came to ww2 other than land lease . 
  i wonder where america would be if the british commonwealth and the french empire did n't declare war and the u.s did n't get a massive boom to it 's economy through war time industrial production , probably speaking german or japanese . 
  europe is already self sufficient and there would n't be a power vacuum in europe , it 's pretty much the unwritten rule that germany deals with economic matters and france and the u.k with foreign policy . 
  who 's going to challenge an entity of size of the e.u other than the u.s. . there is no threat to us because we do n't get in constant dick measuring contests, 
  they 're called pakistani 's , do n't be a cunt . 
  wow ... 
  euro typhoon , the u.k also sells off alot of aircraft ( harriers ) as it 's are second biggest one according the the chart . 
  bunch of balls , put a blanket on it is n't difficult . 
  i 'm sorry but were all getting screwed and we all have to share the burden , if university students are going to be # 18,000 more in debt then they would have been then it is the least someone can do . 
  maybe france could get italy on board . 
  yeah i think so , merkels main fear was inflation and it was minor . 
  i do n't think she 'd stand against it especially with hollande looking for growth . 
  the us and the u.k have been doing this for years , no rising bond prices here and with the ecb already pretty much saying ` yeah were not ` allowed ' to act as a lender of last resort , but if you speculate and try and crash economys we 'll fire the fucking bazooka and the inflation will cause massive losses to your investments so fuck off market speculators . ', 
  edit : spelling, 
  i find the u.k statistics a little sad but unsuprising . 
  ( wish they used u.k and not britain , leaving northern ireland out is mean ) to be fair most citizens had no idea the eu would ever grow to be as powerful as it has become . 
  in the u.k most people do n't even know when the mep elections are so i get that alot of people would have a negitive view of it . 
  we 're not powerful than japan , economically speaking anyway . 
  militarily yes , but economically . . nope . 
  we kinda do though, 
  ah well , take the whole syria thing then . 
  in all honesty , probably still top 5/6 tied with france , economically and militarily . 
  it would be harder to negotiate trade deals with china or the us ... but with every other country it would n't change much . 
  i do n't think your picking up on his sarcasm . 
  no , if we were being polite we would swallow . 
  after jizzing you lot out we 're just testing if anything worthwhile comes out of you guys ... nothing so far . 
  i would figure most of the money goes towards ground level charities ... it seems stupid not to . 
  so increase foreign aid ? 
  is n't the new president of nigeria , and i 've only read economist articles on this so if i seem like an idiot on the matter it 's because i am , whilst being a former dictator voted in ... more fairly . 
  if the continent is fucked what do you suggest we should do , or even can do , i 'm an idiot as far as climate change goes . 
  guess we 'll have to see the outcome of the paris summit coming up, 
  nice, 
  it really does , the eurozone are our biggest trading partners . 
  our finance minister does n't sit on those meetings for a joke yelling out ` british pound sterling for life , fuck the euro ', 
  would n't trust that whatsoever netherlands , sounds like the kind of thing you would say before annexing someone . 
  no no , best to stick with us . 
  it 's to late for you, 
  oh god . . that polandball comic ... 
  oh shite i remember those two , you just kinda felt bad for them , as if they had somehow personally made the choice to invade ukraine and done it themselves . 
  so do we , still beat you . 
  i honestly doubt most romanians or even the romanian government care much about the us meddling in others affairs aslong as it does n't effect romania ... which is rarely does . 
  tbh i would be surprised if most romanians talked much about the us at all . 
  the us used the financial/diplomatic leverage it had over the uk to pressure it to dismantle the empire , the uk was up shits creek after ww2 and lost it 's superpower status . 
  `` these same people would also be the first to tell you that amerikkka is a fascist nation who constantly `` meddles '' in the affairs of others '' you do meddle in the affairs of others , so do we . 
  no idea where your getting the facist or kkk bit from ... well you do have the kkk but every country has racist idiots . 
  infact it just sounds like you wanted to whine about the us being picked on when nobody was picking on it . 
  china/british commonwealth and empire/usa/ussr all played their roles . 
  as did hungary , usually for the wrong side but they were there . 
  it would get pretty bad when we got to slavic countries, 
  this does not exist normally ... but i accept responsibility and will take the banter . 
  you 'll never live down the snails and horses stuff , or garlic come to think of it , 
  eh i 've never heard of joking about the french military , it 's more just other stuff like the food and personal hygiene that there untrue stereotypes about . 
  plus it would be a bad joke to begin with given we 've fought you for long ... atleast i 've never heard a joke about the french military . 
  i do n't find this april fools joke funny either , it implies to me that cern researchers are n't looking for the force , and if not ... why are they being funded ? 
  i want force powers . 
  nothing wrong with it , tbh i 've never even heard of a other type of boy scouts although i 'm sure other countries have them . 
  indeed , germanic language differences are actually just different levels of alcohol consumed on a daily basis . 
  i 've never been but i hope to go , i can only speak from the drunk polish i have met here :p although the sample size will be skewed . 
   no one outside of france , belgium , and switzerland gives two shits about it well to be fair there that 's not true , plenty of west/northern africa will also speak french . 
  then there 's quebec as well . 
  it 's hard to keep track even for us to be fair , guyana shocks most of us ... and then we learn we actually have to defend it if it 's invaded despite it being fully independent . 
  the secret to english speaking ... alcohol . 
  aslong as the test is simple greetings and swear words we 'll be fine . 
  yeah , but in return you get cricket so it 's a fair swap . 
  last time we always had enemies on our doorstep ... have you ever heard of the spanish/french/germans ? 
  it 's clear he has n't been properly civilised , i 'm merely waiting for him to elude to the foreign dark land from whence he came so it can be educated about the merits of british imperialism . 
  magnificent , is n't it . 
  the average working hours in greece are longer than in the uk ... good for denmark , generally it 's a bad idea and you wo n't feel like you 're getting anything back from society if your treated badly upon losing your job for whatever reason . 
  having people that want to work to help their society does n't happen when you treat them badly . 
  swedens economic problems are nothing to do with immigration or it 's welfare policy , if it was anything to do with it and not the obvious difficulties in the euro-zone ( their largest trading partner ) then the problems would have surfaced long before now . 
  it 's not what the evidence says , and even if it said otherwise what 's so bad about that . 
  most people do n't like their jobs , your acting like not doing something you do n't want to do is somehow bad .
