  if they did i do n't think through france leaving it would break up the entire union , especially if italy gets back on it 's feet as it seems to be doing and if the u.k stays . 
  i do n't know enough about syriza and their policies to comment on that . 
  russia will never be as powerful as it once was , the ukraine along with moldova will turn to the e.u. 
  they can modernise their military all they want the fact remains they could not beat the e.u in a military conflict and they know it short of firing nuclear weapons , i personally would like to see germany spending more on it 's military so the lions share of offense and defense of the e.u is not left to france and the u.k ( although poland is stepping up in this regard as well which is good ) . 
  integration takes generations , it does n't happen over 10 or 20 years . 
  i can only speak for the u.k on this one as i 've never lived in other european countries but from what i see at university is plenty of muslims who are culturally british . 
  these are younger generations though and more educated so perhaps i have a skewed view but tbh it was like this with black immigrants who came in large numbers from former colonies about 40-50 years ago . 
  give it another 10-15 years and i think you will find there is n't any debate about islam because nobody will care . 
  europe is a place of innovation and the e.u is still the largest economy in the world , the only reason the e.u is in this mess is because some idiot messed up the creation of the eurozone by not making it more integrated straight away . 
  euro-bonds should of been done straight away as well as eurozone banking regulator . 
  the ecb should also have the power to bail out member states , if they had that power when the euro crises first hit they would of not been greece spain or italy borrowing at ridiculous prices raising their debt so high because confidence would of been had in them . 
  it 's just german fear of inflation that stops it happening and yet the german government did n't realise they would n't of had to bail them out if investors knew the ecb would bail out the countrys if they failed . 
  you do n't need that many when you do n't know where there coming from , hence nuclear submarines . 
  225 is more than enough to wipe every low-large population center in russia of the map . 
  smaller than the u.k 's , they fell pretty far and still have n't recovered . 
  probably more us than the french if we leave . . that 's why we ca n't allow it to happen . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures more like 30-35 % more . 
  u.k $ 60 billion russia $ 90 billion, 
  but we do , and so does france . 
  so we went into it to screw the french ... that does sound ridiculously like us . 
  i 'm not sure why she did that , but this is n't the 1930 's and the rest of the world is fine if germans show some pride in their country . 
  i would like all borders erased personally but i doubt anyone finds it offensive or bad if you wave a german flag . 
  i 'm not sure about other news networks but the bbc does have it as one of their top storys , it is just underneath the people being killed in kenya . 
  i agree , as much as i respect her she is not a woman of action . 
  she is still to the right and i 'm more left leaning so in my opinion the germans can keep her . 
  although i would trade her for cameron given the chance . 
  ah , i 'm guessing this is why she is n't telling cameron to go blow one then since she would rather have someone like minded still in the eu ( he likes privatisation and less regulation ) with alot of weight to overturn hollandes more protectionist views economically speaking . 
  it 's our master plan to make you all only think about us , then you will hopefully become us , empire number 2 . 
  the english are celtic as well , just a about 2-3 % less so on average . 
  the romans , jutes and angles etc. . did n't come to england and wipe out the people there they just replaced the ruling class . 
  you this but why is less regulations such as bad thing ? 
  it 's certainly not for the average employee if they wish to be protected from being fired so easily or work more than 42 hours a week . 
  i trust the eu more to make our regulations than a government who wants to make us u.s # 2 , anybody here feel like working another 10 hours a week ? 
  i do n't . 
  furthermore in e.u we have more of a say on global affairs by being apart of such a massive organisation , you talk about it not effecting trade but i wonder which would better if we had a trade problem with another country say china , i 'm pretty sure having the e.u bringing this issue up rather than just the u.k would hold alot more weight and that goes for all trade deals signed with other countrys . 
  you know the point of trolling is to make someone become emotional , all i 've done is state facts and from time to time my opinion . 
  do n't try and troll british people , were quite famous for not being emotional . 
  yeah . . setting up parliaments is completely suppressing democracy , what do they call it in canada ? 
  i thought you talking about the u.k not the falklands , do n't get mad because most of your arguments have been proved wrong . 
  it 's alright , i go on reddit drunk as well . 
  now now grumpy no need for personal insults , the only thing we have learned so far is that you wo n't be working in politics or international relations . 
  by showing people it exists as an idea in a large amount of colonys , alot of others were set up with their own government under british rule . . how do you not know this ? 
  most ex colonys just out of nowhere thought hey you know what 's a good idea . . democracy , your country is welcome . 
  63 million and growing not shrinking , i should become a teacher . . would you like private tutoring ? 
  ca n't be called champion if you come late to both world wars late , back to back champs right here ( canada , australia and india can also claim this ) . 
  one has consequences the other does n't , usa opinion on the falklands does n't matter , never will matter either . 
  your kind of part of the reason most people do n't hate the u.k ` the usa made us do it ' , i 'm fine with that and i 'm sure our government is quite happy to be portrayed to be like that as well to the general public . 
  i said influence . . your really not getting this are you ... do you plan to just spout random twisting of words or actually make an argument . 
  i know where the falklands are , they 're still british because they want to be british and under the laws stated by the un any natural resources within it 's area are also british . . 
  i do n't get how this is hard for you . 
  posting facts is now nationalism , how about you actually try and disprove what i posted instead of just throwing random words like nationalist out there . 
  more like how many countries have democracy because of british rule . 
  it is a major player in the region of south america , not the world . 
  they can have as many ears as they want but unless they vote to leave the u.k which they wo n't ( 198 % last vote a few months back ) they ca n't do anything . 
  military action would just have the same result as the falklands war . 
  unless the u.s plans to attack it really does n't matter what the u.s thinks on this issue . 
  so they do n't matter when it comes to the falklands . 
  i 'm not a nationalist but i am british , defending your country is fine if it 's someone who 's not from here , only we get to insult our country and quite frankly that 's pretty british . 
  ` u.k always does what it 's told ' must not of been following our foreign policy for the past 2000 years . 
  please we 've pushed the usa into several wars , i 'm not proud of it but it 's true , ww1 , ww2 , supplieing us against the argies in the falklands and libya . 
  really ? 
  you think after the u.s trying to duck the issue for two years while the u.k was constantly wanting to intervene we had no part in pushing the u.s to this point ? 
  i do n't believe it i know it , it 's fact . 
  ` the nuclear tridents will never be scapped despite debates on it and it 's even more laughable if you think we would leave the e.u. ', 
  that is the only part of what i said that is debatable . 
  i doubt our diplomats even cared , fact is they'are going to remain british . 
  like i said , saying we should enter into talks with argentina does n't matter because they know we wo n't without consent from the people living their . 
  it was just to improve ties with south america and does n't hurt the u.k whatsoever which if i can figure out i 'm pretty sure our government can to . 
  all western countries influence is declining , it 's because we have less people than other countries . 
  it is n't difficult to veto stuff , that 's the full capability of it so your wrong there . 
  we 've taken the more war bringer rather than peace maker in the past decade if you have n't noticed . 
  really unable to take a politcal lead . . 
  i wonder how libya happened and the now constantly talked about syria , it was the u.k who put forward the proposal at the unsc . 
  the nuclear tridents will never be scapped despite debates on it and it 's even more laughable if you think we would leave the e.u. 
  your appear to fairly unaware of the power structure of the world , the u.k is still in the top five along with . . ( do n't banish me to australia fellow brits i 'm scared of spiders ) france . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?imgurl=http://safalra.com/other/british-empire-map/british-empire-map.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://safalra.com/other/british-empire-map/&amp;h=314&amp;w=678&amp;sz=11&amp;tbnid=wsxu32kbo8rvrm:&amp;tbnh=57&amp;tbnw=122&amp;prev=/search%3fq%3dbritish%2bempire%2bmap%26tbm%3disch%26tbo%3du&amp;zoom=1&amp;q=british+empire+map&amp;usg=__k6pm1kkj6jn_aoeunxu_wq-oflg=&amp;docid=ojwrgdg-99zw3m&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=gcqputnzbarc0qxa8icwcw&amp;ved=0cdqq9qewaq&amp;dur=763 ), 
  unsc , 7th largest economy , 4th highest military spending , blue water navy , in the e.u , influence in the commonwealth and enough nuclear weapons to blow any country of the map . 
  sorry you were saying something about influence there , from which vanquished nation do you hail ? 
  they should considering we spread it across a quarter of the world . 
  i laughed , it does n't matter what the the usa says about the falklands to the u.k. 
  they want to remain british and so they shall remain british , if the u.s wants to improve it 's relations with south america by calling them the malvanas or whatever let them , the u.k does n't care . 
  we recruited the u.s for it , there 's one former colony . 
  if your able to get the the only super power to go into a war it does n't want to , well that 's influence . 
  also what internet filters : s there is n't even a bill for it , hilarous coming from the country by the way with the u.s millennium act . 
  they 're mostly owned by the public , mostly shopkeepers . 
  arrest for speach that may incite voilence , hate speech should n't be allowed in any country because it 's wrong . 
  you spy as much as we do so do n't act like the nsa is n't balls deep in this spying scandal same as gchq . 
  if we did n't have the ability to put a no fly zone over syria ourselves i wonder how on earth we placed 60,000 troops in iraq while still in afganistan . 
  iraqs tanks could n't even destroy ours and our aircraft are amoung the best in the world . 
  france or the u.k do n't need american help , it just makes it easier and we spend less money that way . 
  as for diplomatic strength , being on the unsc and the biggest economy in the commonwealth and one of the biggest in the e.u does kinda give you a massive amount of diplomatic strength , not to mention the ties we have with our former colonys . . one now being the only super power . 
  finance wise the city of london is only matched by new york as the best financial center in the world , you seriously underestimate what the u.k can do . 
  stop thinking the american government controls the u.k , our interests just align alot . 
  it matters alot what the u.k says , it has done for the best 600 years and i do n't picture the country that has the 4th highest military spending , the 7th biggest economy and a member of the the unsc , commonwealth and e.u suddenly not mattering in the eyes of any country in the world . 
  we have plenty leverage internationally through influence over former colonys and the can push the u.s to go with us . 
  look at the shit the u.s is in now because we pushed them to intervene in syria . 
  russian military equipment is old and outdated compared to ours so anyone who was downvoting you for that is n't looking at the facts . 
  lax government oversight is definitely one of the reasons for it although that had been going on for decades it 's nothing new . 
  why now ? 
  i told you why .
