  that 's because you know we secretly love you irish deep down ... it was abuse . . but only because we could n't face how we truely feel . 
  do n't be silly , we know your not nazis anymore ... and were only drunk on the weekends these days and we send out scouts ( tourists ) to spain to see when you guys will attack . 
  any day now ... sneaky germans . 
  bloody yanks ... impressive though . 
  hold on , your gunna have to prove that we can set fire to boats with lasers ... 
  cost is a good reason , as is being more difficult to detect because they do n't have a nuclear reactor on the back of them and the heat generated from using a nuclear reactor on ships is pretty difficult to disguise hence why going with diesel was n't such a bad idea because i 'm guessing either some already has the tech to detect if somebody is boiling uranium on mass and given that the rn will only have 2 qe carriers it 's probably best to make sure they 're not so easy to pick up on anything that can pick up heat which super heating uranium does tend to do . 
  yes they com up on flir cameras but if we were using them an enemy would n't be looking for conventionally powered aircraft carriers because we in all likley would be with you guys in the war and probably a bit more focused on the us aircraft carriers as they 're more likley to crop up . 
  also because they 're conventionally powered they show up like any other vessel , a big down side if your using a nuclear reactor because it screams aircraft carrier . 
  they will buy more , but we both know that there will be problems with them for about a decade as with all aircraft and so buying the amount you want straight out is a bad idea . 
  this is also due to cost issues as you 've said . 
  they 're has n't been a time when the rn has actually needed to deploy at max power since 1982 . 
  we are also relying on allies for alot of support , that is why we made our military agreement with the french in 2012 this is true , and also one of the reasons it was stupid for us to outfit our carriers the way we are gong to given the rafale ca n't land on it since it is n't catbar . 
  the usn may be looking for a way but it is n't going to find one for decades , you would need some serious breakthroughs in science to have lasers that would matter in combat . 
  the qe 's are n't nuclear fora good reason , the royal navy can keep them going for aslong as needed with re-fueling them at sea and it also more difficult to pick them up on radar ... which i think we both agree is more important these days . 
  edit : america does n't have to worry about its ships being known to be in the area since it has a massive a amount of them , the uk will only have two aircraft carrriers and so the stealthy approach is preferred . 
  do n't even try to say diesel powered ships are n't quieter on radar then those with a nuclear engine on the back of them . 
  the lack of catobar was a mistake i agree although they literally built to house the f-35c which we are helping to fund . 
  the uk has already said that we are using both carriers that we are building and will be buying plenty of f-35 c classes . 
  bloody meddling russians , always ruining germanys plans for domination of europe . 
  funnily enough they have exposed to the weakness of german foreign policy although i would imagine most eu leaders would know that anyway . 
  i knew about the railguns because bae systems is helping to develop them for use on royal navy ships . 
  i get that the usa wants to keep it 's military hegemony but surely the point where someone in the meeting room says `` well ... what if add lasers ? '', 
  is going a bit to far . 
  lasers would be awesome ... but how on earth would you manage to make it work . 
  i either expect to see storm troopers 20 years from now or someone is going to get fired . 
  seems to have most of the improvements of our new carriers , although a few extras . 
  i do n't have first hand experience but nordic culture ( hard to group them together ) from what i 've been told is very similar to british culture . 
  not talking to strangers , emotionally repressed , drinking alot etc. . 
  david cameron only wanted to bomb syria because of years of pent up emotion that he could n't release through being drunk because he was in the spotlight and supposed to be running the country . 
  all he wanted was a sweet release . 
  labour would prefer to see him break down as they get pissed in the westminister bar as they watch him slowly turn to tears and laugh at him . 
  such is the fate of all prime ministers . 
  what 's the improvement on them if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i read that the us is installing some type of new anti missle software like our new type 45 destroyers have but i ca n't remember the name of it and i think we use a different system . 
  true , it would threaten italy/greece/cyprus / malta ... but tbh italy is n't exactly a pushover although they are quite friendly with the russians . 
  well it worked well for hitler for a while . 
  such was the downfall of polands dream of into space . 
  we would probably wash it whilst giving sighs and shaking our head when your not around . 
  to be fair you guys smashed us during the jacobite rebellion with less tech for most of it . 
  fight me 1v1 death match , you get a claymore and i get a longbow ... but we start from distance gl . 
  that 's still not all turks . 
  i would say ` some turks ', 
  i 'll smash you in your yapper if you keep running it, 
  sounds like your lookin for a whoppin lad . 
  you 've got cabbage mate . 
  `` common interests will guide the relationship formed in the region . '', 
  i think your being naive on this , while scotland being economically well does benefit the ruk like having ireland doing well does ( if scotland were to go independent ) it does n't change the fact that ruk government during negotiations would fight for every benefit that the ruk can get because that is their job . 
  58 million vs 5 million does tend make the negotiations very one sided . 
  the only ace salmond has up his sleeve is not taking the debt ... which quite frankly would n't really effect the uk much as we still have the bank of england as a last resort and it just means our debt remains the same but with less population . 
  scotland not paying it 's debts is not a good way to start off considering it would need to build up trust with foreign investors to borrow money ( which is has to because of it 's deficit ) and without a lender of last resort if they kept using the pound anyway it just means they have no control over monetary policy ( see eurozone crises ) and they have no assurance to lenders that they can pay back the money borrowed from issuing bonds causing higher interest rates for their bonds ... and we know where that leads . 
  so really he has no ace up his sleeve in negotiations except maybe the trident weapons . 
  he is relying on good will , common interests will be few since they will be a separate country ( countries have interests not allies ) . 
  us english are with them , we steal irelands potatoes and trading them for latvias beautiful women seems like a fair trade . 
  we 'll invade scotland if they leave ... once they hand back our nuclear weapons ... 
  [ my views on the economic argument ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/buttonwood/2014/09/scottish-referendum ) although it does n't mention that scotland will get more left governments if it leaves , which is a big bonus for the scottish as they tend to be very left leaning and they will get a government more in tune to the needs of just scotland . 
  however since their likely to get more de-evolution if they stay anyway without the risk of the economic troubles ( read the article , it has independent views of other economists who are neutral ) . 
  up to the scots if they think the it is worth the economic trouble mentioned in the article linked is worth it . 
  we 'll see on thursday mate . 
  i was thinking the same , 600 out of 63 million ( for uk ) that went of to fight for an islamist group , not specified isis so could also be fsa against assad like those british ones that wanted out after their moderate group got consumed by isis ... ca n't say it 's much of a big deal . 
  maybe . . maybe not ... maybe lets find out . 
  well ... damn . . 
  to be fair it 's not just the dutch , and after sending 3500 troops to poland as a big fuck you to russia it would be odd to say it 's mainly the dutch are seeing putin as a cunt . 
  pretty much , no idea why they are n't co-operating on this issue more because it does n't get you polticial points in the uk to be a dick to the french government anymore in a serious way . 
  ( jokes aside ) i wish their was some way to help , but unless they are in danger if they return we ca n't do much for someone who wants to move for economic reasons , as shit as that is . 
  if we let everyone in ( and i know it 's shit that we got the lotterly ticket and they did n't ) . 
  france is controlling it 's borders ... they can hardly deport them if they have no papers and constantly taking down their camps and trying to disperse them would just cost alot and not solve anything . 
  i imagine they speak english and so want to come to the uk and seem pretty set on coming and not staying in france . 
  [ bring it on you viking bastards , like the good old days ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/files/2012/05/queen1.jpg ), 
  of course i do . . 
  i take my duties to the crown seriously ... it 's the british way of life ... titty slapping right to left , until my lungs are out of breathe . 
  kinda a counter attack force . 
  and thus the war of seven kingdoms began ... the queen in the north !, 
  pssht , we still have it in our name . 
  start making those pointy helmets again and headbutt them . 
  damn it . 
  you need to be 18 to buy a knife here ? . . 
  i did n't know that . . then again i guess i 've never needed to buy a sharp knife . 
  how do you propose it does that ? 
  nobody reads eu news sources ... most people read anti-eu press in the uk which would be loathe to tell anything positive about the eu and would likely spin it as bad . 
  no they 're demanding a currency union , not a fiscal union ( fiscal would be shared budgets , same taxes etc. . ) . 
  one without the other does n't tend to work well which is why i said the euro-zone as an example because they use the same currency and share the same central bank ( currency union ) but without a fiscal union ( budgets , taxes etc. . ) . 
  they are literally shooting themselves in the foot because the bank of england would have think more about the 58 million people of ruk more than the 5 million people of scotland making them not so independent . 
  they can use the pound all they want anyway , it 's a currency union they want which is a bit stupid without a fiscal union ( see the euro-zone ) . 
  if they do n't want any of the debt i do n't really care , 8 % ~ of the debt is n't exactly much anyway . 
  actually . . he does have a bit of a point . 
  [ reading this the other day was very surprising , and the headline is n't the surprising bit of what the article reveals ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/economy/2011/02/london-corporation-city ), 
  actually i would say the press here in the uk has done a damn good job of bullshitting everyone about the eu and our government has used it as a scapegoat time and time again . 
   we might stay in just to block scottish accession we would n't do that , our government has already said they would n't and spain has already said it would n't either . 
  i would n't be bitter if they vote yes but some people may be , however that does n't mean our government would start being dicks to the scottish government about joining the eu . 
  we have no reason to be as it would help out their economy and so help out our economy because we would be trading alot with scotland . 
  tbh i kinda agree that the seven years war was the first world war, 
  i know :( ... 
  i ca n't help it when someone knocks us for some reason . . it 's a shithole . . but it 's our shithole . 
  which is obviously why france pretty much laughs at cancelling the cap . 
  yeah but half the eu budget going towards cap is of course not an eu policy and yet germany can do nothing to stop that ( sadly ) have you not seen merkels reaction to this whole thing ? 
  not only has the uk gone over her head and created a new military just to stick a middle finger up at russia but has pushed for sanctions and got them . 
  these sanctions exclude the finance industry . 
  go look at ` the economist ' article about who pushed for sanctions ... ( hint it was n't the germans ) . 
  `` nothing really happens in the eu without germany 's consent '' economically in the euro-zone if france agrees , then nothing happens without french/german help . 
  the uk doing qe shows german economic policy does n't quite apply to us .
