  germany is put as the leader in economic terms ... you must be joking if you think when someone is talking to germany in a crises that they are listening to what germany does . 
  germany is n't a foreign policy major actor , the uk and france are and most of the time do n't care for what germany thinks when it comes to foreign policy . 
  you want proof take a look at libya or iraq . 
  face it , germany ca n't even keep southern europe in line ... even the french basically just stuck the middle finger up at you on the budget 3 % target . 
  contrary to what you may like to think even france and germany together to not get what they want ... and germany alone barely get 's what it wants and in foreign policy . . well they are n't even listened to seriously because it 's common knowledge germany wo n't back up any threat they would make . 
  edit : by the way being the biggest economically does not make germany the most powerful nation in europe ... having no nuclear weapons and no blue water navy rules that out . 
  `` it 's pretty much as centrist as you can get in any western society '' `` they are only right-wing in comparison to socialists and communists '' i do n't know how to break this to you but even we are pretty socialist . . welfare/healthcare is pretty damn socialist . 
  we are a socialist country , yeah sure we can argue that we are mixed in with bits of capitalism and that 's true . 
  you would be wrong to call us or any country frankly capitalist , even the us just put ` obamacare ' through and has a welfare system and both are socialist ideas . 
  they are right wing ... in so much as it sells . 
  i do n't think i said the guardian was n't biased . . it 's common knowledge the guardian is left wing . 
  we tend to agree on most points but you seem to think as a country most people are n't socialist ... we 're not actually but outsourcing services to private and yet we hate even the thought of it.we are indeed as socialist country . 
  yeah i kinda get that he is n't exactly angela merkal , hollande or david cameron . 
  but the man does appear on news articles here quite a bit . 
  i 'm sorry but germany really is not , especially when it comes to foreign policy . . hence why they 're eu sanctions on russia . 
  basically in the eu you rely on the french to back you up , and the french rely on you . 
  we british rely on the dutch and northern europe . 
  i use him as joke tbh , he 's not really important ... you would have to be misinformed to think voting for ukip is a good idea . 
  you did however just say he did n't control ft , the old bastard really does . 
  yeah . . because doing the opposite of what germany wants completely shows germanys economic domination of the eu ... except . . we get opt outs of most economic things . 
  hardly economic domination and lets not forget that foreign policy is controlled by the uk and france . 
  hold on you just said it was owned by news corp. 
  capitalist view points tends to be very right wing ... largely because they are what is commonly accepted as right wing here in the uk . 
  they 're not matter of fact , the ft gives advise on the future of markets ... how earth can you say they are a matter of fact newspaper . 
  they are largely a speculative newspaper . 
  it is a decent source , i have never said otherwise , but to say their not right wing would be like me saying the guardian is right wing . 
  they are right wing economically ... have bee for over 100 years . 
  rupert murdoch ... he is massive right wring cunt who really runs news corp and has so the past 40-50 years . 
  he 's the lovely person who also runs fox news and the daily mail . 
  he pushes a very anti eu agenda , and there is nothing wrong with being anti eu but the straight out lies that his newspapers tell about it is fucking stupid . 
  to be fair the reason we do n't trade more with the uk is because we literally operate in either high end manufacturing ( trade with textiles/spaceship parts and few car plants in scotland ) or services . 
  hence why we trade with the eu so much because they are richer on average . 
  that depends , are they taking jobs ? 
  if so nigel farage will support you and may support the dutch empire to rise again . 
  we both know who the ft is owned by though . . and we both know he has an agenda . 
  the economist freely admits it is right wing economically , and left wing on social policy 's that is what makes it a bit better . 
  not true , it 's very right wing economically and they do n't state it like the economist does . 
  bbc is also alright most of the time . 
  right just up north ... except not . 
  dominating the eurozone economy ... not the eu economy . 
  hence why quantitative easing happened in the uk . 
  not anywhere near equal , on paper russia looks big , in reality not so much . 
  they 're only aircraft carrier constantly breaks down ... 
  i know we do n't have a jet aircraft carrier at the moment but our navy is much better than theirs and we alone could blockage them ( we upgrade all of the time hence our new type 45 destroyers and the new aircraft carriers ) . 
  i agree with you that logistics are bound to be hectic as hell , with different equipment , languages , tactics and doctrine . 
  that still does n't mean that russia would do well against the uk alone , we could n't invade russia ... but as i said we could indeed blockade russia . 
  also you 'll see on the global fire power index that they have many more ships ... the problem is that they 're soviet era ships . 
  it will take atleast another 20 ~ years for russia to bring it 's navy up to speed will ours . 
  this all sounds very much like i 'm beating my chest screaming edl , but our navy and air force ( once we get the f-35s ) are ridiculously ahead of theirs in terms of technology . 
  indeed , we 'll go through siberia ... they 'll never expect us to take the russian winter head on , on purpose . 
  johnny foreigner tactic 101 . 
  fine i 'll talk to him ... but i make no promises . 
  although on a serious note i feel as if we should have troops in romania as well just for the purpose of pissing of russia and letting them know what would happen if they attacked romania . 
  nah , hard not to be a big power with the 6th highest military spending a unsc seat , a blue water navy , nuclear weapons , 6th biggest economy ad one of the big 3 of the eu . 
  if anything we 're kinda over powered . 
  yeah like i said , we 're the big power in this rapid response team . 
  nigel farage says no, 
  nah , i 'm sorry i wish it was but if the uk is in it and we 're the big power in this then it wo n't be towards an eu army . 
  it 's more of a ` fucking with ukraine is one thing but if you fuck with the baltics we 'll fight you from the start ' from the uk and netherlands , basically it means western europe wo n't leave them out to dry . 
  i take it as a big middle finger to the world that people choose to live there ... there is no reason that anyone in their right mind would settle there . 
  we are allowed because the city ( small part in london ) of london is basically just a big money laundering scheme ... 
  i wish i was joking . 
  the prince is still a prince because the public of the uk do n't really care much if he is still a prince . 
  same goes for the queen , no reason to get rid of her and she is a very active diplomat at the age of 80 ~ years of age . 
  they also do n't interfere with our democracy ... so if anything it 's the opposite because they do have the power techniquelly to interfere with our democracy and yet choose not to . 
  it 's kinda like the opposite of putin really . 
  which is why we are now known as the united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland and iraq . 
  was it hundreds of thoasands ? ... 
  i 'm not downplaying what happened but hundreds of thoasands does n't seem right to me . 
  yeah ... european leaders interests tend to be ( excluding some countries ) the same as the us leaders interests ... most of the time . 
  hence why we are collectivley reffered to as ` the west ' . 
  your right , they 're not . . anyone with any knowledge of geopolitics can see switzerland is a western allighened country ( eu/us ) . 
  perfectly exacuted tackle, 
  they do n't need any subsidies from the eu or norway ... but they definitely help alot and i agree with norways actions . 
  to be fair israel may intervene in your favour , you 'll finally get something back for the money you spend on them :p, 
  it was a joke . 
  thus gaining my english points back ,, 
  the poverty induced of being taken away from your home and as i have already said falls in line with most statistics of an increased amount of children . 
  the israeli government sure as hell must have known this if i can figure it out . 
  the romans taught us well, 
  poverty and large amounts of children are well known to be related . 
  if anything it tells us more about their economic sitaution than anything else . 
  the israel government has not committed genocide ( no idea where you got that from ) but they forcing people from their homes and expanding into places that are not part of israel . 
  israel does have every right to defend itself and strike back if they are attacked by hamas in the gaza strip ... but the gaza strip is not the west bank and they should stop expanding into there which does provoke missle attacks by hamas . 
  we have done that and it has n't bloody worked . 
  no guilt invovled , but the fact remains you should n't be tortured or killed . 
  just because me and you won the birth lottery of being born in first world countries does n't mean we should stick a middle finger up at everyone else . 
  as far as we are concerned your occupied british land . 
  hold out , we 'll get a reason to go to war with the french eventually . 
  it is not an illusion of moral high ground or a moral high ground to begin with , its just basic morals . 
  yes people will get into the eu who are n't in danger with our current system but some will get into the eu that are in danger of being tortured or killed . 
  i 'm not saying we should open our borders up to the entire of africa , but the current system should stay in place but with more help from countries like mine and yours so italy/greece/spain do n't have to deal with the majority of the costs while being in a bad economic state . 
  it 's basic humanity to not see someone shipped back to a country they will die or be tortured in . 
  we as members of the eu agree with that , the fact we put our money where our mouth is should a massive amount of pride to us . 
  sorry officer , citizen 254 waiting for instrunctions . 
  it 's always an issue signed england, 
  to be fair , while that is good economically speaking but if people are in real danger of dying or being tortured if they get sent back to their home countries ... 
  i would gladly loose some of my salary to stop that from happening . 
  to be fair israel creates alot as well . 
  do n't worry about it , i can see the their reasons for doing it and they are rational reasons .
