  also , who does n't have time to look over a bill ? 
  it takes what , 20minutes to get the meat of the bill and think about where you stand on it . 
  no time my arse . '', 
  yeah you seem to under the impression newspapers do n't hold a massive amount of sway over peoples opinions . 
  direct democracy works well when your not being influenced constantly and fed bullshit by the news . 
  ( daily mail being a prime example ) hell if we had direct democracy i would bet we would bring back to the death penalty and use it against pedophiles while murdering them in the most brutal way possible . 
  `` too bad nobody in the world thinks a like on every single matter . 
  what 's to stop people in parliament from voting for something purely for personal or financial gain , that completely goes against what they believed ? 
  that pretty much sounds like eu politics . '', 
  hence why we have free press , as much bullshit as they print they is investigative journalism into what mps do , bbc recently got a few mps accepted bribes to vote a certain way ( british mp 's not eu ) . 
   yeaaaa , and he was a real popular prime minister that is n't always keen to send us to war at any chance he get 's he was quite popular hence constantly winning elections ... cameron was quite eager to get us into libya and syria . 
  as for bush , see my previous statement . 
  well i 'm alright with indirect democracy , you elect people to make decisions for you and quite frankly i prefer the e.us track record when it comes to workers rights/privacy over what cameron would do . 
  you could always move to switzerland , they have direct democracy there . 
  the strength of indirect democracy is that we do n't have the time to look over every new bill brought before parliament ( atleast most people ) so we elect people who think like us to vote for things we would vote for . 
  president of the eu commission , the commission proposes laws and the parliament decides if they are allowed , yeah tony blair also met and shook hands with gadafi ... u.s presidents did the the same with sadam hussien . 
  he has n't got anyone to listen to him by doing that , infact it probably just makes most of the e.u parliament members take him less seriously . 
  bow down to the e.u ? ... 
  you mean accept laws that are made by people we elect at the e.u parliament . 
  also incredibly sarcastic, 
  uk does n't use the euro , the whole business with the bundesmark/ecb is not ( directly ) our concern . 
  `` and what about uk and germany , with more public debt than us '' to be fair , were fine with the debt over here because although the bank of england is n't tied to the government they would never let it go bust and is still a lender of last resort . 
  just inflate the debt slowly but surely . 
  i know all about , it 's not as brutal as the gulags by a long shot , pretty horrid stuff that should never be done but gulag level is some fucked up shit . 
  `` murdered by communists -- diehard enemies of freedom , democracy and the entire humankind . '', 
  wow , i would n't go that far . . 
  i doubt the cia were conducting gulags but theirs plenty of shady shit they did in south america which led to some very nasty genocides . 
  that does n't all of a sudden mean all capitalists are enemies of freedom , democracy and humankind . 
  only a few in the crowd got it unfortunately . 
  watched the whole thing , john cleese is brilliant . 
  there is no official animal of the e.u , stick whatever you want next to the flag . 
  i think it 's because your surprised that a u.k animal would be used to depict the e.u. . . when we are in the e.u and it is animal only found within the e.u. 
  `` show me a post in which the english national team is represented by the eu flag and i 'll believe you . '', 
  i will ... as soon as we have some success in a world cup and beat the usa so that the meme could be used as a one up on the usa by europe . 
  no worrys man :p, 
  i should come back in the past ? 
  i know i 'm british but we are n't all time travelers . 
  yeah we were fighting the french for about 2000 years on and off . 
  were good now and even cooperate on military matters so argument makes no sense . 
  really ? 
  ca n't trust western europe not to invade weaker nations ? 
  hows that northern bit of cyprus doing for you , the only reason you did n't take the whole thing is because we intervened . 
  of course that 's totally not imperialism against a weaker nation . 
  turkey is a member of nato , an attack on is an attack on all . 
  if we did n't send troops to help turkey i 'm thinking russia might look at the baltics and think their fair game and the alliance would n't be worth anything . 
  `` only a century ago our grand-grandparents were fighting these men '' what about it , 70 years was a clusterfuck in europe but we all mostly tend to be on very good relations now and know that we would back each other up . 
  that 's embarrassing , in or out of europe there 's no need to act like that . 
  belgium is a european country and a member of the e.u. . . nothing to odd about it . 
  costa rica were underdogs , that 's an underdog story . 
  60-40 is not underdog , you still have a very good chance to win . 
  costa rica vs uruguay was about 80-20 going into their match ... that 's an underdog . 
  it 's a british thing as well , it 's used to convey anger when used at the start of a sentence , kinda like like a ` calm down ' or a ` your making excuses ' or ` your a bit sour about something ' there 's alot of things it means depending on the tone and sentence that follows that give the use of ` mate ' at the start of the sentence the context . 
  it matters to you , does n't to me and i 'm guessing most of the other people here in this subreddit where the bird comes from . 
  i find it odd that you care so much . 
  why not ? 
  belgium is a european country so it 's just a cheeky one up thing thing between the whole ` merica/yorup thing . 
  mate ... 
  i would n't really as go so far as to say you were the underdogs , more of a 60-40 chance in belguims favour considering how they played against russia and algeria . 
  well brussels the belguim capital is where the eu headquarters is , infact brussels and the eu are inter-changeably over here in the u.k. 
  does n't really matter where the bird comes from , germany , france , romania , sweden wherever as long as it 's a european bird . 
  yeah ... the usa wasd n't facing an eu team ... if the eu were to a field a team in the world cup they may as well just hand it over every 4 years . 
  the usa faced belgium , not the eu . 
  belgium is a good team ( especially this year ) but the match was definitely not a forgone conclusion considering the usa was doing quite well as well . 
  and yet they could n't land a significant mass of troops in australia along with tanks and equipment because they do n't have a blue water navy , something the u.k and france do have . 
  that is global power projection . 
  so can france or the u.k but i would n't call us or france a global power . 
  china will become one soon but the only truly global power at the moment is the usa . 
  someone asked why they ca n't go into a bank with a ski mask when a reglious person can . 
  i told them one is commonly accepted because it 's a large popular religion that is around for a while . 
  hence commonly accepted , people do what is commonly accepted . 
  people do n't deal in ` oughts ' the world does n't work that way it works in what is accepted and what is not . 
  alot of things ought to be different most far more serious than if someone can wear something over their face . 
  i told you why despite it being more equal , what is commonly accepted is what matters right or wrong . 
  people vote in people to make laws , popular vote . 
  the rest has been answered over and over again , i 've gotten so fed up of repeating it to you that i 've resorted to puns . 
  the history and amount of members lets them be widely known and so the customs of the culture become more widely known and accepted as normal . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj882qyzr-m ), 
  because most people ( popularity ) agree that killing someone for revenge is a morally bad act ( not fair ) , hence we make it illegal ( atleast here in the u.k and in the netherlands ) . 
  it 's perfectly fine if they are both widely known and accepted . 
  hence christianity , buddhism , sihk , shia/sunni islam , hinduism , judahism traditions and attire are all quite widely known and accepted as a reason as to why you need to wear it and the customs/moral codes of these religions are peaceful . 
  a guy in a ski mask is a giant unknown . 
  to much time on polandball for me, 
  popularity is how laws are made and how nations are governed , that is literally how we decide what is fair and not fair . 
  that last sentence could also be on religous grounds if you were also jewish ... ( joke ), 
  how can you possibly not see it is relevant . . he asked why it was fine for muslims to do it and not him ... 
  i just told because one has a reason to backed up with the evidence of a worldwide religion , he is one person wanting to prove or a point or maybe he can make his own religion but i doubt unless it is well known that many people would accommodate it . 
  russia is a regional power ... 
  yes but my point is that one has a shit load more evidence backing it up than any religion that could require a ski mask . 
  probably because one is a worldwide religion known to everyone and has over a billion followers and a massive history ... and you would be a guy in a ski mask . 
  [ bring the downvotes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_6b_qcdggc ), 
  ah right, 
  ashton is female , just pointing it out . 
  i was thinking that maintaining proper handcare was just only having done something like that , not every time they do something . 
  i do n't know procedure in belguims health service for cleaning hands but you may be right it could be way over the top . 
  `` only 2 % of nurses is maintaining proper hand hygene '' that one stood out to me . 
  got ta agree with you on this one , never put that working time directive in government hands . 
  they already backed out of the social charter , stodgy bastards . 
  halloween is , partys every year with fancy dress atleast amoung students . 
  yeah but how will us in the north fight them without you scots with us , do n't leave us their mercy < 3, 
  i would expect nothing less , smart move .
