  '' - like comments ) '' i do myself , always meant as a joke but it is true that i rarely see a french comment when they beat us at something along a mockery type of line ... although to be fair that is obviously because the french rarely beat us at anything . 
  ( just joking ), 
  are we not enough for you ;(, 
  you can have him but were keeping dara o'brien and ed byrne . 
  i think this is quite true , when a russian politician said we were a small island of the coast of europe and nothing more it was widely reported and david cameron ( our prime minister ) came out and said it was a load of bollocks . 
  i do n't think criticism is taken well unless we do it ourselves ( which we regularly do , taking the piss out of ourselves and moaning about things are national past times ) . 
  i 'm surprised you see them so often if you ignore us like you said , i think the last time i saw french mocking was at the end of the olympics by boris johnson ( mayor of london ) saying `` and we beat the french ) in the medal table . 
  although the economist does n't quite like the french model of economic development and is staunchly aligned with right wing economics so you 'll see one from them here are there especially since they report on every country on the world . 
  mostly though for mainstream media like the bbc etc france is n't mocked or insulted . 
  would of been fun ... alas here we are . 
  i do n't know why your being downvoted , it was clearly an act of stupidity not intentionally done . 
   the only nation we would consider getting involved in a war to help defend is the uk as if they fall we fall . 
  i see they have n't figured out a large part of their country is infact in europe as is most of their population . 
  i agree , romania 's parliament building is just . . kinda scary imposing . 
  it looks nice but you can really tell the people in there run romania ( they are the government of course ) . 
  carful viking or we 'll occupy you again without a single casualty . 
  uk - 1 france - 0, 
  they may have started ww2 ... but they never fucked with our fish and chips . 
  the cod wars will never be forgotten you heathens . 
  do n't get to wound up about it , i take it as kind of the north south divide in england except it 's in reverse where jokes are made at stereotypes of rich south and poor north ( or in italys case rich north and poor south ) . 
  i agree , which is what i 've been trying to get through in my last two replies to hmunkey . 
  for most westerners you know , churches are n't empty up and down the country and many westerners take it very seriously , deep south in america for example . 
  how many people are blowing themselves up ? 
  there is only 2 crimes i can think of within the last 14 years that have involved anybody trying to blow themselves up for religion ( 7/7 and the failed glasgow bombing , we 'll throw lee rigby in as well ) . 
  i can think of several instances of attacks on mosques ( nail bombs , arson attacks and murders ) infact half of our own mosques have been attacked since 9/11 , [ here you go ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/half-of-britains-mosques-have-been-attacked-since-911-8679304.html ) yet only 3 instances of muslims using their religion to attack . . and yet so many more attacks on their literal places of worship . 
  just type into google attacks on mosques uk . . 
  i did n't even think they 're would be that many but it turns out this is a regular occurrence . 
  i do n't know where your getting the idea from that we do n't have a large amount of high tech industry ourselves . 
  just because we 're making cars in plants owned by japaense companies does n't mean were not making components for space ships as well ( we 're a world leader infact ) and the like . 
  hell we helped design part of the new f-35 fighter plane and were ranked 2nd in the world in global innovation index , [ see here ] ( http://www.globalinnovationindex.org/content.aspx?page=data-analysis ) . 
  `` many muslims ( far more so than anyone else ) have medieval views on society and love to perpetrate violence . '', 
  i actually find that not true , infact since your from the uk i think most media attention is actually directed at muslims when they fuck up . . like way to much attention given to the fact their muslim when it has literally nothing to do with their crime or motivation for committing it will just be pointed out or even just assumed they are muslim because they are brown ( which i 'm sure alot of hindu indians will dislike ) . . when last time you saw a headline that read ` christian man commits ' , they 're blatantly being singled out to pander to people who honestly believe that their religion has any basis for a motivation of their crime . 
  ( which is ridiculous is most cases ) yeah because as if they 're are n't millions of christians/judaism/hindu / buddhists who have some pretty damn outdated views . 
  infact their are problem billions of people with what we consider ` out dated ' views . 
  infact , this topic a prime example, 
  were not to bad , just behind germany in 2009 [ who are touted as manufacturing giants . 
  ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/industry/manufacturing-output ) the government make deals with countries when they set up shop in the uk about this type of thing ( most do some high design here , must use british some contractors ) so that we are n't just a work factory and we get high end material out of it as well . 
  no it 's not great if your surplus becomes a deficet and your economy relies on exports because that means alot of people are now out of the job in your economy , which means less taxes to government and less consumer spending . 
  i pointed out that running a decifet is n't as bad as people make it out to be , i 'm saying running an export surplus can be dangerous if your your export market are very closely tied economically because it means you all take a hit if one the countries goes into recession . 
  this is a plainly obvious weakness of any export orientated economy . 
  i have n't suggested any economic model ... 
  i pointed out the weaknesses in an export orientated model and said a deficit orientated economy is n't as exposed to the same weakness ( but still exposed ) . 
  i did n't say i think a deficet in trade surplus is better . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure cameron suggested highering the minimum wage and the reason welfare is being cut is because it 's a tory ( centre right ) led government in power who do it to appease their voters ... they are also cunts . 
  qe is n't always a bad idea , and neither is austerity ... although given that when our government were actually cutting the deficit ( budget not trade ) we just kept going back into recession i think we made the right call on qe and stopping deficiet spending although i am speculative as to how much qe really helped the economy as we mainly did it to shore up our banks assets so they would start lending again . 
  i have n't seen the figures of bank lending over the past 2 years so i do n't know how effective it 's been . 
  i also do n't like the zero hour contracts . 
  i do n't think we 'll end up in a ` sweatshop economy ' , social inequality is high compared with the oecd average i admit though . 
  oh we export weapons as well by the shedload , it 's just we need to make sure the people sell the weapons to not only kill their enemys with our weapons but end up fucking themselves over in the process as well . 
  we 're all for equality here in the uk . 
  we do make stuff , rolls royce , bae systems , chemicals/textiles and we export our financial services it just that it all tends be quite high end so you do n't see much of it . 
  also having a trade deficet is n't always bad , as if you become to reliant on exports then you become reliant on how your biggest trade partners domestic economies are doing ... hence why germany does n't mind loaning so much money . 
  actually the opposite as we can both world wars that we have been on the winning and loosing side both times , if anything if you want to increase our chances of winning we need to pair off again . 
  ah sorry did n't see the edit , no worrys i would have a been a bit annoyed if someone made such a bad comparison as the other guy did insinuating that the usa was going to somehow slowly fall apart ( or quickly depending on the empire ) if he meant the . . uk . . well maybe not because scotland is having a referendum . . but no worries :p, 
  i did n't agree with his stance about usa somehow crumbling like a colonial empire because it 's an obviously stupid thing to suggest given non of the states really want independence and they have a key shared identity as americans . 
  that being said that largley depends on what you mean by leading world power , if being in the top 5/6 economys switch france the uk whichever way you like ) with nuclear weapons and a military able to operate anywhere ( blue water navy , japan funnily enough ca n't and also has no nuclear weapons or a un security council seat ) does n't put you as a leading world power then surely the only world powers are america and china , who also do n't have a blue water navy . . so this can be disputed as well as their power projection force wise is limited in hard power ( one of the main reasons the eu is n't a superpower ) ... so that leaves america . 
  see now why i took issue with your statement, 
  `` e will not shrink to a area a little larger than washington with a population & economy closer to california than a leading world power . 
   '' easy there , 38 million ( california , the most populated us state ) is not close to 63 million ( uk ) and 1.9 trillion is not that close to 2.6 trillion ( also the biggest us state economy ) . 
  lets also be honest anyone could easily switch that around and say the uk has the economic output of over 35 of the 50 us states despite being smaller than any single one of them . 
  oh but it could, 
  to be fair i think it 's assumed with most government contracts to the defense sector that if they 're making something entirely new that is going to be delayed they 're are going to be added costs . 
  kinda like government contracts to the it sector, 
  carriers are being built along with the aircraft to go on them . 
  it 's hardly the rn stepping down and saying were not going to be a blue water navy anymore . 
  the article mainly points out the hypocrisy of the uk as we sell arms to israel/palestine ( were all for equality ) and saudi arabia etc. 
  i agree that it is hypocritical for the uk to do this but i think it 's more about trying to limit russias influence so they do n't get a blue water navy like france and the uk have where they can operate anywhere in the world effectively . 
  i laughed , they 're not under armed guard in uk at all . 
  i 've never heard of any casual assaults or harressment of jews in uk, 
   hide jewish insignia why would anyone have to hide the fact their jewish in the uk : s, 
  they are not a likley enemy of the baltics , atleast not through any type of war , politcally yes though . 
  russia is n't going to invade the batlics or any eu or nato member . 
  the only reason russia acted with ukraine is because they see ukraine and belarus as part of their ` sphere of infleunce ' and did n't like the way they were heading and wanted to secure their port in the crimea . 
  honestly the hyperbole that comes out of peoples mouths about russia suddenly going apeshit on eu or nato countries is laughable . 
  we do not question our glorious leader nigel farage , we merely follow and nod in agreement , to do otherwise would only lead us to folly . 
  of course , we 'll have the statue pointing towards the mainland of europe in an aggressive manner as well . 
  what in the devil are you talking about old boy , nigel farage will defend our golden shores from the hordes of the dark continent bringing fiery death upon those savages . 
  it 's true , i 've seen their ships ... the biggest fleet the world has ever seen with the financial backing of the most powerful of africas nations . 
  they will sail across the sea and invade the fair shores of europe in search of jobs , welfare and women . 
  alas we can do nothing to stop the unstoppable tide of african immigrants . 
  largely depends on if they are still receiving a high wage despite still getting most of their money from capital gains from money already earned which is n't uncommon especially among founders of companies or people kept on in advisory roles . 
  although that 's why a kept it a ` little skewed ' and not something that would be 20 % difference along with working less hours . 
  i agree , although the average wage figures could be a little skewed because of the amount of millionaires in america and those that move there once millionaires as well . 
  no , the opposite because americans get far less time off on average giving america the competitive advantage in that regard . 
  i think you should be our new trade ambassador to china . 
  the chinese would get to uppity if we started legalising drugs again , they 're still feeling withdrawal symptoms of our last foray with drugs . 
  our bankers have to keep ahead of the game somehow . 
  long hours and all . 
  `` you do know that it 's is n't eu or cameron ? 
  we do have a general election coming up , there is n't just two deicison : cameron or the eu . '', 
  you did n't mention anything about the general election ... you were talking about the eu being undemocratic . 
  you just brought it up after nowhere after i proved it was democratic and chose to fall back your argument for direct democracy despite indirect democracy clearly still being democracy . 
  `` narrr i 'll wait it out here , give it 5 or so years and we 'll be out of the eu anyway , so not much to worry about '' you do n't seem to realise how fucked up our position would be outside of the e.u do you ? 
  we would no longer get a say in how laws are made within our biggest ( 50 % of our trade ) trading partners ( the eu ) while if we want a free trade agreement we would still have to follow any rules those countries within the eu make without any chance of opposing them or veteoing them . 
  then theirs the fact that so many companies place their hq in the u.k because were in biggest free trade zone in the world . 
  then there 's the e.u funds that actually get invested in the the u.k ( shocking i know , we do actually get something for our money ) this along with things such as protecting our privacy with things like the net neutrality act and stopping any government turning us into america with working hours and holidays ( eu working time directive ) . 
  then there 's the ability to travel freely to other countries within the e.u and work there . 
  we can also get trade deals with other countries such as the u.s without being screwed up the arse on the conditions because instead of a 63 million nation bargaining with a 330 million nation it 's the biggest trade block in the world meaning we actually get fair and equal terms . 
  lets take away all of that and leave the e.u. . . plenty to worry about . 
  `` you mean the strength of indirect democracy is bills that benefit the pockets of rich arseholes can slip right through the net without anyone knowing .
