  gave away superpower status due to bankcruptacy of the war . 
  do you us banging on about some great sacrfice when we could just made a truce ? 
  ( accept for germany ... 2 world wars 1 world cup < 3 ) `` than russia has done for europe '' lol what ? 
  russia has existed for a very long time in one form of another . 
  it has done plenty to help europe . 
  see now you 've got me speaking like i 'm winston churchill and in charge of ww2 britain . 
  honest ? 
  farage outright lied in the debate against clegg . 
  i 'm just gunna copy and paste the problem is with partys like ukip spouting absolute lies about the e.u infleuncing people to dislike it nevermind the euro-skeptic media . 
  i do n't see why anyone would want to give up things like the working time direvetive ( trust me , that is when the majority of people will realised they voted up if they voted against the e.u ) . 
  not to mention easy to travel and work in other countries . 
  being in a stronger coalition of countries gives us more clout to get better deals with other countries . 
  who on earth in their right mind would give it up ? 
  sure immigration does need to be controlled because it drives up house prices ( government is also at fault for not building more ) and can lead to less work depending on their skills . 
  i would gladly pay the price though for everything good about it . 
  not to mention ukips outright lies about how the e.u works ( see his debate with clegg , 76 % of laws come from the e.u for example ), 
  the problem is with partys like ukip spouting absolute lies about the e.u infleuncing people to dislike it nevermind the euro-skeptic media . 
  i do n't see why anyone would want to give up things like the working time direvetive ( trust me , that is when the majority of people will realised they voted up if they voted against the e.u ) . 
  not to mention easy to travel and work in other countries . 
  being in a stronger coalition of countries gives us more clout to get better deals with other countries . 
  who on earth in their right mind would give it up ? 
  sure immigration does need to be controlled because it drives up house prices ( government is also at fault for not building more ) and can lead to less work depending on their skills . 
  i would gladly pay the price though for everything good about it . 
  indeed , win the election then step down over a scandel and have someone else step up to be pm . 
  masterful wordplay . 
  well to be fair to them if scotland votes yes then we ca n't say were the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland so we will have to think of a different name . 
  good call iran . 
  no it 's not , maybe your are of an older generation , only 24 here but i do n't find it wierd if theres no couch or anything spare . 
  yeah there was no ulterior motive to supplying that money whatsoever , you wanted a strong bulkhead against the soviet union so re-building the economies aloud them to once agin ramp up defense spending so you were n't alone against the ussr . 
  depends really on where the control is , i 'm economically socialist but as far as social laws are concerned i 'm for less government involvement ( freedom of speech , regulation of the internet ) . 
  i think if you suggested to your friends to get rid of the nhs and welfare/pensions they would disagree even though they are socialist policy 's . 
  worked well for everyone i know , socialism is n't exactly unpopular . 
  i agree . 
  poland 's government is being paranoid on this . 
  they 're an e.u and nato member, 
  poland is n't ukraine , there are a large amount of polish in the uk . 
  i seriously doubt we would stand by and let you be invaded . 
  the reason why troops have not been sent was because of the public outrage against the iraq invasion and the no vote on attacking syria . 
  poland however is an e.u countryand the military is desperate for a reason to avoid cuts , a war would do it.plus keep in mind american troops means if anything kicks off we'all be the first ones to back them up . 
  tldr the u.k has your back . 
  then you shall be up voted . 
  only a matter of time , global warming and the natural magnetic attractiveness of our accent whilst compensating for stellar drift explains this map , and no we wo n't be taking any questions . 
  i can only hope this is a sarcastic joke of a sarcastic reply to his joke . 
  ah . . the infamous rust belt of the north east then ? 
  ohio is full of farmers with webbed feet . 
  i think they have farmers there anyway . . it was mentioned during a film called never back down . 
  do n't forget the falklands ... sheep are valuable . . for the welsh . 
  it 's not really limited and can still operate anywhere in the world , just without an aircraft carrier for a few years . . which sucks but the new ones are massive so there 's that . 
  i would prefer to trust the echr with my human rights than the torys unless you would prefer the u.s route with 10 paid days off a year considered great and not having a legally binding 48 hour max work week . 
  yeah i did see the under performance of the first generation , but keep in mind these statistics are basing it on two subjects that may not have anything to do with their career path . 
  science and maths beyond the basics does n't have much to do with most jobs . 
  i would n't use it as a way to show how much different people contribute to the economy . 
  the countries where they come from may have a focus on other types of areas of education , such as technical skills or may have science optional , or advanced maths optional ( lets be honest both are quite useless if you do n't plan to go into a career using one of them ) . 
  does n't seem to bad in our case , once it hits the 2nd generation seems alright . 
  the nuke thing your talking about , they let the russians know how many we have because the u.s agreed to give them the serial numbers of the trident missiles they send over from 2009 onwards . 
  they ca n't track them they just know how many we have from 2009 onwards ... they do n't even know how many they have now , not to mention after it being leaked i think the u.k and u.s will have had some quiet words about it . 
  `` professor malcolm chalmers said : `` this appears to be significant because while the uk has announced how many missiles it possesses , there has been no way for the russians to verify this . 
  over time , the unique identifiers will provide them with another data point to gauge the size of the british arsenal . '', 
  a major power because of their massive amounts of oil and gas , but that 's about it because their economy is n't that impressive ( size of italys ) and they do n't have force projection . 
  that they were n't left out to dry . 
  [ your welcome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akrotiri_and_dhekelia ), 
  illegal now because the echr says so , he wants to make it legal by pulling out . 
  `` uk police forces and justice systems able to protect british citizens , unencumbered by unnecessary interference from the european institutions , including the european court of human rights '' o.o. . . dave ... in the future do n't admit to wanting to do illegal things to people that are against their human rights . 
  the e.u at the moment does n't want to rock the boat concerning gas prices , yeah sure the u.s and canada might be able to gas the gas over but at a higher price and with less infrastructure in place . 
  most e.u countries are either still in the shit or on a wobbly recovery from the euro crises . 
  now is n't the time that e.u leaders want to start making life more expensive for it 's citizens by razing oil/gas prices for them when the economy still has n't recovered . 
  were lovers , not fighters . 
  only 30 billion , well 22 billion now . . did n't expect it to be so low . 
  he is n't bullying the e.u. . . he 's bullying ukraine . 
  i thought germany had suddenly turned on their war machine for a second without anyone noticing . 
  `` france & britain , the 2nd & 3rd strongest eu military forces '' who 's 1st ? 
  you mean the u.k declaring war on nazi germany unless they withdrew their troops from poland ? 
  obligation fulfilled . 
  so do the germans to remember how many goals we beat them by in 1966 , 2 is lovely number . 
  i prefer this system for this particular winter olympics purely because we now have more points than the italians . 
  a single tear runs down my face as i was about to counter that with a german insult only to realise i am not very good at maths . 
  something tells me they would n't send in double the amount of athletes . 
  i agree , british heritage does seem to go hand and hand with the default heritage and so is n't mentioned . 
  actually i would put that as british not german , people tend to identify less with their british heritage in the u.s. have a look at the census and you 'll find a large amount of people just answering ` american ' , a large amount of those people are of british heritage . 
  `` because i really have no fucking idea how the uk is going to afford this , let alone their nuclear submarine fleet , if scotland votes for independence . '', 
  the war on drugs has failed , it 's time to re-start the war for drugs . 
  to be fair , i think they would be more likely to use the u.k to transfer money to bermuda . 
  it being a british overseas territory and all . 
  no , it 's pretty and we like it . 
  you may visit though at certain hours . 
  a positive end hopefully . 
  with an empire you tend to conquer and force people to join . 
  are you against it ? 
  if not do n't question it and just let it be , if we start asking questions women may stop randomly grinding on us in the street . 
  british empire . . crimes ? 
  lies and slander . 
  prepare the ships gentleman , we have a trouble maker who needs re-educating . 
  thereligionofpeace.com . . does n't sound biased at all . 
  indeed we are growing slower , but we can change that . 
  the eu will still exist , it will be a painful few years but it will still be there . 
  things will start to improve before 2020 for the southern european countrys , although no doubt they will hold a grudge and i ca n't really blame them for doing so . 
  most people do n't really want to leave the e.u , the reason ukip got such a big vote in the local elections is because they were fed up with labour , the tories and the lib dems . 
  nobody really cares about the e.u here everyone is focused on the economy and living standards rising . 
  if scotland votes to go independence then it will put alot more pressure on spain to give catalonia independence , they are net contributors to spains budget though ( i think ) so spain will try and resist it alot because they 're in a bit of a mess at the moment . 
  fn will never really gain power in france , i think it 's more voters being annoyed at the main partys and showing that through choosing a different option much like the u.k.
