  nicely done . 
  `` which of those is true , is not clear , i guess we 'll see when basecu is no longer president , but given that the intelligence services operate closely with friendly foreign agencies and are trusted by these allies to perform their tasks correctly , i would guess the people that really are leading these things do know what they are doing '' i 'm not sure they trust each other , get along maybe but not trust . 
  `` in the spring of 2012 , due to the economic crises and the very unpopular austerity measures implemented basescu 's party lost the government and his political enemies were again in power . 
  they tried again to have him removed from the presidency , just like in 2007 , but again they failed to get the required number of votes in the referendum and basescu again returned as president . 
  what 's important to note from this is that during the month that basescu was suspended and the referendum happened his enemies tried changing any law they thought would help them win a referendum , but do to massive pressure and backlash from the eu and us they were unsuccessful . '', 
  and they say the eu never does anything . 
  your entire comment was like a brilliant story , written amazingly and with a ( so far ) happy ending . 
  is basescu in your a opinion changing things for the better or worse ? 
  from that comment i got that he 's doing a pretty good job and does want to end corruption , but from other comments people have said that it is selective justice with show trails for people in his own political party ? 
  the judges do seem impartial , although are you saying that you feel people who are corrupt are n't being targeted ? 
  i always see this sinking of power argument and yet everyone knows it is inevitable . 
  63 million people ( or in frances case 65 million ) can not continue to be one of the top world powers ( top 5/6 switch the uk and france how you like ) and it would silly to pretend otherwise . 
  the same goes for germany , japan and the us ( to a certain extent as in top dog ) . 
  india , china , indonesia all have larger populations and will eventually surpass the uk/france/germany ( china kind of already has but they lack the blue water navy france/uk has . ), 
  `` i will agree that we do not talk much about england though , you always hear on radio something about germany but there is not the same thing in germany about france . 
  i have talked with german about our co-tv-channel arte and i think it has a lot more significance for us than it does for german . 
  to me , and i am not really following newspapers much , england is indeed this remote land that feel a little alien in the greater scope of europe . 
  alien in the diversity of its population , in its inequality and a feeling , maybe misplaced , of a certain form of isolationism . '', 
  this is what i find odd , because this normally happens when one power is much greater than the other . 
  you 'll hear stuff about the usa for example but they wo n't hear much news about france or the uk . 
  germany does n't pay much attention to france and france pays little attention to the uk ... despite all three being on the same level of importance . 
  italy and ( to some extent ) spain are also big powers in their own right yet i only ever hear about them if it 's really bad . 
  i agree with the ineqaulity , we are pretty bad compared to france on this and our population is more diverse than frances ( i like it , ca n't beat indian food and their women ) . 
  the isolationism is n't what you may think . 
  my governments stance ( did n't vote for them , bunch of cunts ) is that they do n't want to be part of federalised eu and they do n't want any more powers taken away . 
  they actually love how it is now , they really do not want to leave the eu ( neither do i ) because of the economical benefits and it being a place we can influence ( normally influencing the germans against the you the french . . like i said i did n't vote for them :p ) other powers . 
  you could say that we are now apart of the schengan treaty and that is a mark of isolationism , but they will very rarely check that you have identification on the channel tunnel . 
  i would of liked the franco-anglo union that was presented at the end of world war 2 but i 'm not sure if we would of ended up bi-polar like america . 
  ** i disagree with you here , it seems that the uk is always made to seem like it 's trying to stall the eu ( which is true when it comes to closer integration recently ) but nothing is ever said about the uk supporting further members joining over the years ( including romania ) . 
  ** ** the uk protects it 's interests over finance because it has the worlds second or first ( depending on the way you measure it ) biggest financial capital . 
  it is a very important industry in the uk , if you want to know how important it is . . well take a look at the uk 's debt and massive fall in gdp during the crises ... and yet for some very odd and incredibly suspicious reason we are not in the position spain or italy is in and can still borrow any amount at will and maintain a very high credit rating ... despite having worse finances than both did . 
  now you 'll see why we maintain our financial industry :p . france protects it 's farmers through cap and any reduction in it will be blocked by france . 
  yet people do n't see this as france being the odd one out . 
  france also is stalling negotiations over the transatlantic trade treaty with the usa ( if it 's good or not is a mater of opinion ) and seeking for opt outs on media issues . 
  yet these things are not held against them in the same way the lisbon treaty opt outs and the further integration that the uk is against , the uk does n't want to be part of a further integrated europe because right now it is dominated by france and germany . 
  the nordics ( sweden and denmark in this case ) along with the netherlands are normally on our side when it comes to eu matters so we are not alone in feeling in how we feel ( i personally and for a more federalised europe with us included but the french/germany alliance needs to have more opposition than the uk and denmark/sweden/netherlands ) . 
  ** '' i 'm convinced uk still regards itself as a much bigger player than it is , with europe simply being too small for uk 's aspirations , thinking it somehow can remain a nexus where large power fluxes meet and the uk can wisely control them simply because uk is very smart and very special . '', 
  ** to be fair the uk government is not entirely wrong , the uk is one of the top 10 without a doubt and arguably 5 powers in the world along with france and germany . 
  the uk also advised against the creation of the euro without proper monetary control and literally created the single market in the eu . 
  the current government is being an arse no doubt , but that is merely to appease anti-eu voters and they do n't want to actually leave the eu . 
  ** '' during the crisis it was dead obvious that us will not take kindly having uk outside the eu and fr-de will not let uk maintain an unregulated financial heaven just because it wants to . '', 
  ** i think the uk has quite clearly given a ` fuck off ' to the us when it comes to staying in or leaving the eu by our current prime minister saying he 'll give a referendum on the matter if he wins the next election ( i do n't think it 's a good thing because there is alot of mis-information about the eu . ), 
  i said before why the uk protects it 's financial industry and if the the rest of the eu honestly has problem with it they would pressure switzerland/luxembourg/liechtenstein to stop being literal tax havens . 
  ** `` and maybe the next crisis will not find spain and italy with their pants down , barely able to sustain themselves let alone help others . 
  i ca n't begin to tell you how disappointed i was in these nations . 
  if they do n't get their shit together , in 30 years poland may very well surpass them in strength '' ** spain and italy will recover , they are major export markets for germany and it 's always been the unspoken eu rule that germany leads economically and france/uk lead politically ( foreign policy ) . 
  poland has indeed done very well in recent years , this is n't totally because of eu structural funds . 
  spain and italy kind of got the short end of the stick with the financial crises , i feel bad for their governments and i feel sad for their people . 
  the eu central bank should come out and said straight away it would do whatever to took to save the euro . 
  they waited to long ( 2 years ) before acting like a central bank should although they are very restricted to not actually act like a central bank ( be a lender of last resort ) so they have to buy spanish and italian ( along with greek and portuguese ) second hand by making promises to people who buy the debt that they will buy it by passing those rules . 
  i would n't be so sure , we had a newspaper ( news of the wold ) shut down recently for phone tapping and getting stories not to mention the recent ` expenses ' scandal that had members of parliament claiming money for things they really should n't have been . 
  i agree it must be atleast partly funded by larger eu nations who have the money to do so but until france , germany , spain , the uk and italy start recovering i fear this issue may be sidelined as most do not have the money to spare . 
  i know the uk does n't have an answer because our policy towards irish travelers is to just let them do what they want and hope they go away from whatever part of the country they are in . 
  no efforts are made at integration properly . 
  it would be difficult to do at the eu level , you and i both know it takes france and germany to effected for a quick solution to happen . 
  i agree completely that education is key for gypsey community . 
  i have no doubts tere will be resistance to it from the gypsey community but as you said being not apart of society from so long and nobody caring for so long will indeed make efforts to integrate them very difficult . 
  edit : what is your opinion on the french-german alliance that seems to dominate the eu unless the uk kicks up a fuss with the support of sweden/denmark/netherlands ? 
  romania is more like the uk then you probably think then in reagrds to news and power . 
  `` he managed to orchestrate a corrupt privatization of state properties '' happened very recently here , george osborunes friends ( in charge of our economic matters ) sold a public comapny ( the royal mail ) to his friends under priced and they made a huge profit . '', 
  he managed to orchestrate a corrupt privatization of state properties that ended up with him buying for 100000 eur properties worth ~ 7 million eur at the time and upwards of 40 million only 2-3 years afterwards , '' another thing that is quite similar given that more than 60 % of mp 's are landowners ( people that houses that lend them out to people ) . 
  romania and the uk are very alike , i 'm proud of you for actually doing something about it though . 
  i am kind of curious about the problem you face with the gypsy population ( many well intergrated membrs of soceity and great people ) but alot tend to also be problematic . 
  how do you sugest schengen countries deal with this because romania has offered alot to gypies , education is normally offered by romania and i 'm unsure how other countries could go about dealing with criminal groups within the gypsy community if they wo n't accept it . 
  i 'm asking you because you seem quite smart and romanian , i do n't want them on the fringes of society but in romania from i 've heard they seem to choose to be that way on a large part ( not all infact a large amount choose not to be ) . 
   but it certainly is made to appear so because he has no friends anymore and a large majority of politicians exploit the benefit of providing the masses with a single-maximum-evil which they projected upon basescu . 
  if he does n't control the government and has n't for such a long time then who is being allowed to ahead with this . 
  i 'm sorry but the corruption ran deep as you know and if basescu has n't run the government since 2012 then who is behind this happening . 
  ( the corruption being gotten rid of ) this has largely been news to me for the past 2 years which you say has not been under the command of basescu . 
  so someone else is routing out corrupt very powerful people in romania . 
  so who is behind the recent convictions ? 
  i 'm glad it worked out this way , both for you and for your country . 
  as i said in my last comment you guys are doing an amazing job ridding romania of corruption . 
  i do want to know from you however if you feel that people who are close to basecsu are not being targeted ? 
  edit : you probably expected him to delay the court verdict as much as possible and to make the trial as unbearable as possible as well , how did they steal the 60 million euros ? 
  if i do i 'll blame it on bulgarian meddling and walk away in the aftermath . 
  to be fair british , americans , canadians and new zealanders will only speak english most of the time . 
  i ca n't fault the russians for that since the same arrogance comes from english speaking countries . 
  i can barely form a sentence in french and i know a tiny bit of spanish and german . 
  perhaps these select russians view the world the same way people of english speaking nations do in that they assume you will understand them . 
  ( although english is the language of business across the world so while our arrogance is n't justified it does have a leg to stand on ), 
  sounds like you guys are going way further than most nations has when it comes to corruption , certainly beat the uk . 
  you must be pretty proud of your judges . 
  pssht , there 's only 63 million of us ... there 's 80 million germans do n't act like that is n't that dutches real problem . 
  i have to agree , but are only corrupt people who oppose basescu 's government or would pose a threat to it being put in jail ? 
  ( that is an honest question ), 
  seriously murdoch uses his newspaper/online news empire for the same thing , he runs right wing shit constantly in the uk and it gets even worse in australia swaying the public opinion of millions . 
  romania is not the only country to have cunts in charge of a large amount of it 's media . 
  cheeky bastard , glad you guys got him behind bars . 
  there have been alot of arrests of powerful people in romania in regards to corruption , but i do n't know their political affiliations . 
  do you think basescu is just imprisoning people who would stand against him ? 
  that 's conditional on him making more top songs , if he does n't we 'll send him to a former colony in africa since he loves it so much as punishment for losing the ability to entertain us . 
  were quite alike in that kind of way ... although we tend to focus on the way things are going now for our tragedy based humour because the past was much kinder to us than ireland ( we do n't need to go into why :p ) . 
  perhaps because the french media single out anything that is published by a news organisation that is british is the reason you see so many of them because most big news companies do n't publish news that is about france very often and if they do it is normally not in a mocking kind of way . 
  like i said , the telegraph , daily mail , guardian , bbc , sun rarely publish anything on france meant to mock france . 
  it will normally be bad news because that 's what sells here in britain ( bad news not specifally about france ) so perhaps there is a misunderstanding that major british news agencys publishing bad news about france is meant as an insult when they constantly publish bad stuff about our own state of affairs . 
  shit forgot about dylan . . were gunna have to put him in the loan conditions if you guys get in trouble economically again . 
  come to think of it jimmy carr was born in ireland as well . . you guys are pretty good with comedians . 
  `` similarly you can see lots of english people making joke on the french ( including this subreddit , you always find `` yeah we beat the french !, 
  rule britannia !,
