  what an awful and boring match, 
  brentford , boro and i 'd love to see qpr back again, 
  the weekly troll post came early this time, 
  veron to manchester utd , he was n't good enough and henrik larsson to barcelona . 
  do n't get me wrong he was fundamental for bar\u00e7a those two years but i think he could have gone to somewhere else and maybe play at a high level for more years , still he won a cl and two leagues so it 's a good trade . 
  anaconda 3 , fucking hell the cgi was terrible and the plot was very dumb, 
  if it was 06/07 kaka without a doubt , in 2008 iniesta was far better than him and more important to his team, 
  sugar free gummy bears , say goodbye to your life, 
  yes , even if almost every season they manage to end on the bottom of the table and have to fight for relegation all the time , i support them and always will . 
  holy shit jamaica congrats , and god help us if we beat panama, 
  i just want to watch a match like the one in the azteca from the world cup qualifying , that was a lot of fun . 
  nope , he 's staying for the wcq even if mexico fails to reach the final, 
  jesus fucking christ , as a mexican i 'm ashamed , i was hoping for a fair play pk but our players are greedy as fuck too ... it 's not fair for panama . 
  tagged as salty, 
  offtopic - man , it makes me sad that either costa rica , panama or jamaica wo n't be at the hexagonal, 
  zlatan to the pga tour confirmed, 
  after playing 5 + years on the same club , at least that 's what i would do, 
  so this is the second coming of adu right ? 
  here you go, 
  just yesterday i was messing around with gotham and i found the megathread which then lead me to this dropbox link , this bundle contains over 400 icons i believe , none of the stock icons is missing , i do n't know how to format links on mobile , sorry . 
  santos laguna and morelia were playing a liga mx match when a shooting took place outside of the stadium , you can clearly hear the bullets flying over , the match was suspended and this is by far one of the darkest moments in mexico 's recent history, 
  yeah it 's a pain in the ass , i had to adjust the contrast on my tv, 
  i like their logo but that 's it , i have n't even met a single psg fan yet in canada or mexico , and theres 4 or 5 english teams bigger than them, 
  every single team has different expectations and realistic goals , hull city is not trying to win the league , they expect to survive at least one more year in the premier league and that 's a freaking huge achievement for them , southampton fights for a spot in europa league/cl and arsenal to win the title , unlike most of the american sports teams , we do n't see our teams as brands or something like that , they represent part of our own culture , you do n't see a club relocating just because the owner has an offer from another city like the oakland raiders and san diego, 
  tldr : i love my shitty hometown club even if they do n't win a league anytime soon . 
  hey thank you for sharing your pov , very good read and sums up how i feel too !, 
  hide yo ankles hide yo knees, 
  gignac needs to unleash his inner paco palencia, 
  i knew it was tvc deportes without clicking the link , no one takes them seriously down here , as you can see they 're in for controversial and edgy statements because it 's the only way they can get the ratings up and the fact that only one tv company in the entire country has their channel says a lot . 
  i guess if we go through from group c it means theres a pretty high chance of doing something relevant . 
  japan vs brazil at the world cup final , tsubasa played his heart out that day, 
  here comes the new manager for el tri, 
  nope , he went back to brazil, 
  wait what !? 
  i went to take a dump and messi scored 2 free kicks :(, 
  oh man , i only read '' florida man '' and `` drowned a puppy '' not even checking the subreddit and i thought it was real , this one really got me . 
  im laughing my ass off , evans looks like freaking john terry from older fifas and rojo is way too fat . 
  c'mon lex hurry up, 
  wolfsburg to group d is bound to happen, 
  gomis coming for the booty, 
  chicharito looks beyond pissed, 
  holy shit man i love you , all these years using ab and i did n't know that, 
  i was on the youth squad of a mexican first division team ( see my flair ) for six months , i made it through u-15 without a problem but i could n't keep with the pace and speed of the other guys at u-17 , as a central defender it felt like i was playing against three or four messi 's every single match , so i asked if i could quit because i saw no future for me , and they said yes , now instead of being a pro football player im a college graduate so that 's cool . 
  potato quality proof , im at the left , below the keeper http://imgur.com/9q71lmn, 
  us just imploded while i was away making the dinner wtf, 
  we 're about to get blown the fuck out , gentlemen enjoy the match, 
  i do n't know if it works outside of mexico but [ this stream ] ( http://futbolxinternet.aztecadeportes.com/index.html?match=mexico-vs-argentina-2015-09-08&amp;p=internacional ) is very good , it 's in spanish btw, 
  chicharito is killing me, 
  oh boy this triggers my mexico vs netherlands memories, 
  shit, 
  maybe back to inter or qatar, 
  `` the watchers on the wall '' comes to my mind as one , i do n't remember nudity in that episode but theres a lot of killing . 
  that was a quick one, 
  awesome , i 'm really happy for this sub , it 's one of the nicest communities out there, 
  time to prepare some witty banter, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/uwpqcwt ) is how i imagine mourinho trying to break into the referee 's room, 
  i 'm really wondering if anyone from latin america has been invited :(, 
  oh man , i had the worst team composition imo just today, 
  my team was : murky , chen , abathur , tassadar raynor ( me ) at the infernal shrines vs sgt hammer , tlv , sonya , zeratul and tyrande . 
  i was completly shutdown the entire game and it really sucked , it was one of the first times when i really did n't know what to do , surprisingly no one complained at each other . 
  i only play tavern brawl now and i do quests maybe for one hour a day , its just stressful and not even fun for me to play ranked anymore , i went to hots instead and im currently trying to climb the ladder there , a big difference between these two games is that on heroes i win or lose games depending on my skill or decisions and here i could have a perfect hand / curve and still lose to the same decks every single time no matter if i know what kind of deck im playing against . 
  that is fucking sad, 
  shadow word : death and close second lightbomb, 
  late to the party but survey done , 
  you got ta feel happy for the guy no matter which team you support , incredible achievement . 
  every time i try to heal my auchenai soulpriest after using a circle of healing to clear the board . _ . 
  i feel bad for tigres fans , you have to finish off games while you have the chance . 
  no mames iban a meter gol tipo fifa, 
  this triggers xolos, 
  now it 's the time to sack lvg , he ca n't even motivate the players anymore . 
  this is the year that i will try to run my first full 42k marathon in august , the mexico city marathon , i usually run a local half marathon on the second week of january as my new year resolution but my slug ass did little to none exercise for 4 months so i 'm out of shape at the moment , so now i 'm aiming at the big leagues instead and i will take a shot at one of my lifetime goals , happy 2016 to every single one of you and keep the banter bus going strong, 
  go to settings  comments  show author flair , it sucks that it does n't show the crest like the desktop version of reddit but at least we get the name of the club for reference, 
  i ca n't even get past rank 19 at the moment with a deck that i was able to get to rank 5 twice haha , the bottom of the ladder is not a friendly place right now , it 's filled with aggro decks and otk , and yes even at rank 20 you can find legend players [ like this secret pally ;d ] ( http://imgur.com/zf9dqx9 ) just give it a week , play silly decks or even try to grind wins for the golden portraits until everything calms down, 
  damn that 's a shitload of money in my country , $ 10,050 mxn without shipment and other stuff , i just saw that i need to upgrade my rig and i need an extra $ 500 to do it , so according to my math i have to spend $ 18,000 mxn ( $ 1,027.65 usd or more ) to `` enjoy the vr experience '', 
  i hope he 's ok right now , this hits home pretty bad , good vibes lothar . 
  it reminds me of leoric from diablo, 
  it was my second most played multiplayer game from the ps3 era , just behind modern warfare 1 , i remember that i had to suffer grinding a valor character to level 60 if memory serves right ( valor was so underpowered in comparison to sver and the raven team ) just to get the golden trophy , also camping was awful , you could snipe people dropping from parachutes from your spawn point and the game was snowbally as hell but i was a very fun game when the servers were full . 
  [ i got 76 % of the trophes according to my profile , man i miss those battles :( ] ( http://psnprofiles.com/trophies/260-mag/warfighterghost ), 
  this is it boys, 
  no way man, 
  this has nothing to do with twitch but take a look at his twitter account , he gets less than 5 retweets and/or likes every time he post something , for a verified account with almost 20k followers that 's a really low number even if he only writes random stuff . 
  well let 's see if my team makes it out of the `` not enought votes to be on the list '' pool this year :(, 
  this gif just kept going and going , i hope she gets some jail time . 
  i fucking knew it, 
  just tuned in , that host looks like a bond villain, 
  yet he participates in the drama by talking about it , he could ignore donations or twitch chat but he ca n't pass the opportunity for attention . . 
  i like his stream , it 's one of the few which i can listen in the background but sometimes he just come as a whiny hypocrite and it 's unbearable to be honest . 
  if you 're talking about football then probably yes but we ca n't really compare messi with other athletes and sports because they are so different from each other . 
  kibler 's monkey priest is the most fun deck i 've played on ladder, 
  chicharito es amor ? 
  chicharito es vida ? 
  gg all , see you at the next game thread, 
  sack this muppet already, 
  just passing by , also rip the memes, 
  mls really needs to change the schedule, 
  oh god this is sad, 
  that leftback is soooo slow, 
  man u defense is trash tier, 
  it 's 7am and im bringing some friends to watch this match , no way in hell we 're missing one of the greatest moments in sports history, 
  holy shit what a shot,
