i have the exact same problem since 2012 , the most horryfing thing is not being able to get off the bed for 24 hrs or more , i cry like bitch when i feel the pain, 
  a lot of people in small towns of mexico eat iguanas , supposedly tastes like chicken ... 
  plain white t \u00b4 s `` hate '', 
  i broke my index finger playing thumb fight with a friend, 
  if weather is not a problem , africanized bees . 
  edward delacroix and mr jingles from the green mile , this is the only movie that made me cry for a character, 
  the zaporozhian cossacks of ukraine replying to the sultan of turkey . 
  i really do n't like instagram . 
  someone else already said dexys midnight runners so second place goes to a-ha, 
  ride a white swan by t-rex is my go to for this, 
  a bug 's life n64 , this game was a pain in the ass , i was 6 years old when my parents bought it for me , i spent countless hours trying to beat one grasshopper boss but i could n't and i gave up , long story short , it took me probably a decade span to complete it . 
  a danish band called mew, 
  that i 'm busy or tired , when some of my friends invite me to go out , when in reality i 'm doing nothing productive or fun at all . 
  now this is what i was expecting when i suscribed to this sub , a real wtf, 
  goodnight sweet prince, 
  holy shit this is the best offseason ever, 
  there 's no nsfw tag , good thing i was at home when i opened the link, 
  burnout 3 : takedown holds a special place in my heart , the soundtrack was amazing and it was very challenging . 
  please cat , stop staring at me while im sleeping . . 
  daniel day lewis, 
  ryan gosling, 
  eva green, 
  23 years old , amigo, 
  michael caine in jaws 4, 
  i was like '' it does n't look that bad : ^ ) '' until image number 14 . . 
  i really wish good luck to montreal , everything is possible , my home team just beat america 4-0 ( veracruz ) just two weeks ago , and we are a really small team compared to them . 
  the phenomenon ronaldo tearing apart opponents was a joy to watch . 
  i had an out of the body experience watching this ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  woah shit , this video caught me off guard , i was n't expecting so much blood tbh, 
  flappy leg skin and a lot of blood , it is indeed nsfl, 
  our `` clasico '' keeps getting better every year , good luck usa , 
  he broke his nose while playing for chivas against queretaro in copa mx, 
  eduardo herrera is looking good for us , but we need to stop the long shots, 
  cubo went full zizou right there, 
  this sub has been on a roll this week , my god, 
  `` i wish i had n't spent two years talking to you , it was n't worth it '', 
  my `` best friend '' wrote that to me on twitter, 
  thanks for all the funny moments with ah ray , i guess it 's time to create a twitch account . 
  it seems that neutral mexican fans ( including me ) want impact to win the cup , to be honest we do n't know anything about montreal over here but we always root for the underdogs . 
  more than 70 hours when i was studying architecture , finals were always a pain in the ass , red bull does a hell of a job by making you sleepless, 
  props to montreal for giving us two great matches , pero la copa se queda aqui . 
  gold nozdormu from a pack ... 
  this is some starship troopers kind of shit, 
  i really like to run while listening to silly songs so gay bar by electric six would be my choice, 
  he needs to drop a tier and stop looking for big clubs a la real madrid , good luck to him wherever he goes, 
  so the hills have eyes meets wendy 's , this is nightmare fuel for me holy fuck, 
  i was dragged by a bus for maybe 10 seconds when my ankle got trapped by the closing back door while i was getting off , the driver did n't even notice me until someone screamed at him to stop , all of this in front of my house , i could n't walk or move my leg for a month after that , im just happy that the bus did n't squished me . 
  i feel your pain man , i got all 4 removed a month ago and the did n't ko my poor ass , just local anesthesia . 
  meanwhile in concacaf ... . . 
  realistic baby dolls and similar , i ca n't even look at them . 
  i believe our fa is even more corrupt than fifa itself so it wo n't be a surprise at least for me if mexico votes for battler, 
  its happening !!, 
  here we go guys , this could be one of the greatest comebacks of all time , and we are bound to have a memorable ronaldinho moment too !, 
  i lost it at the very end with the mana worm , amazing !, 
  mexico 's `` a '' team will play at the gold cup , this is the u-23 team plus some older players, 
  prrrrrr ... * proceeds to massage owner *, 
  i remember that catdog had some of the most freaking weird eposides for a kid 's tv show , the episode when everyone turns into vampires always gave me the creeps, 
  holy fucking shit , now im terrified of trampolines, 
  oh thats good to hear , i really do n't mind crappy visuals as long as the fps are decent , and origins i was on the fence with that game anyways , thanks a lot man , 
  thanks a lot , i usually play all the games at 800x600 on my old laptop so nothing new for me here haha , i 'll take a risk with asylum . 
  well , just stop thinking about all the possible scenarios and like a lot of people already said , just do it , you will regret later in life for not doing something like asking a girl out or something else , live your life at the fullest and you will find happiness some way or another . 
  i 'd do it even for 1 million , think of all the publicity, 
  what a good way to start my day , watching a cucumber jizzing all over the place, 
  1000 % this , last night i went on a date with a girl and everything was going ok until she said that she was homophobic , i do n't think i 'll go out with her again which makes me a little sad, 
  we were talking about mutual friends and i was telling her that my best friend is a lesbian and she said that she feels disgusted of gays and lesbians and she does n't even want to talk to them or be in the same room . 
  radiohead puts me to sleep to be honest, 
  i 'm glad i read this , i was about to complete the purchase thanks for the heads up , any other fighting game worth getting instead of mk ? 
  get the just cause collection , i own the original jc for ps2 and it may look bad graphic wise but it 's a fun game and pretty challenging , i have n't played just cause 2 yet so i ca n't comment on this but it seems like the dlc adds some fun vehicles and weapons and it 's very cheap , i 'm buying it btw, 
  im on the same boat , i 've been doing a research on a lot of forums about getting fallout 3 goty or new vegas ultimate edition and it seems that fo3 is more about exploring a huge map with a lot of action and random events whereas new vegas has better graphics and storyline , the popular opinion is that nv 's dlc is way better because it 's canon to the main story , i 'm buying both just to be sure but if i had to choose one i 'd pick fallout 3 goty . 
  arjen robben without a doubt , he 's a game changer , i 'm sure we have n't seen hazard at his prime yet but i 'd take the risk . 
  try the old counter strike games , 1.6 and source with bots , that 's what i play because i do n't feel pretty confident to play cs : go online just yet haha , on top of my mind battlefield 1942 and vietnam are playable on crappy laptops , i used to play them on my old laptop ( intel gma 945 - 1gb of ram ) i believe that the original arma ( gold ) is low end friendly too . 
  it looks like a character out of a 90 's bizarre cartoon , like a mashup between brainy from hey arnold and lisa simpson, 
  william thatcher just to see if he has what it takes to survive at least a season or a book, 
  nike running shoes , in my opinion there are better options with more quality and durability on the market , i used to buy two pair of shoes per year but since i switched brands ( asics and saucony ) i only have to buy one every year and my feet hurt less . 
  blueberries , i 've been searching all the supermarkets in my city and have n't found a single bag of blueberries in like 3 months . 
  i know the feel man , i go to college in canada but during the summer i come back to my home in mexico and this is the only time that i get to eat actual tacos like the real deal , then i go back to canada and i have to live in misery eating b-tier tacos until next summer, 
  my cv consist of taking grimsby town to win the champions league for 5 straight years on fifa career mode and god knows how many football manager seasons , i think i 'll apply . 
  07 and 08 i believe , then i started playing fm, 
  it 's just an stereotype like some folks already said , but canadians are really nice and friendly and that 's one of the reasons i moved to canada two years ago . 
  i 'm actually speechless , this is the most holy shit wtf how !!!, 
  thing i 've seen on the internet . 
  i really do n't know if it counts as a horror movie but gremlins is a funny movie, 
  do n't forget the guy who kicked a tire and his flappy leg !, 
  santiago fernandez , he used to play for america and was part of mexico 's u-20 nt and then he faded into oblivion, 
  ryan seacrest , i do n't know why but his smile irritates me, 
  yeah pretty much this , you can say the same thing about all the e !, 
  news `` reporters '', 
  tampico , mexico is one of the worst and most violent cities in the country and even the world , this shithole is like a hornet nest because of the cartel / drug wars, 
  the army guy from cloverfield who let the main characters back into the city if i remember correctly , i 'd love to see this movie remade from the soldier 's pov, 
  it does n't lack talent , from my perspective this team lacks motivation and leaders on the field because every time neymar goes down they all disappear when it matters , and probably a decent foreign manager too even if it goes against the brazilian policy, 
  why would he join the mls at this point of his career ? 
  money is not an option because america , tigres and monterrey can offer him big $ $ $ if that 's what he wants . 
  oh i 've been living a lie then haha , thanks for posting the article it was a good read !, 
  alien blue did n't save me this time god dammit :(, 
  stoke city has sugar daddy mode on !, 
  thanks !, 
  it works for me , this is how the new dock looks, 
  it adjusts to the amount of apps you have in your dock , that 's the only thing i noticed . 
  marked , i 'm by myself in mexico for now, 
  really good news , and welcome back steve,
