  wow , i am surprised this is n't popular . 
  we pickle many things . 
  most importantly we pickle the olives . 
  in fact i do n't think there 's other way to eat them . 
  we put many pickled vegetables in a jar , like cauliflower , carrots , cucumbers , pepper . 
  we pickle sardines and other similar fish . 
  i have had tomatos but there are not very common . 
  we eat them while we drink our tsipuro or raki ( or uzo for the peasants ) . 
  why are they even butthurt ? 
  all the world calls us however they want and we do n't make a deal out of it . 
  for somebody that has put a little efford , pronounciation is very easy in greek . 
  my ex from poland had a problem pronouncing the `` th '' / '' \u03b8 '' from `` athens/think '' and she also had difficulty make `` free '' and `` three '' sound different . 
  for english speakers the soft `` g '' that we use a lot is a problem . 
  for spanish it 's the `` z '' and `` v '' sounds . 
  my spanish teacher who knew better greek than many greeks , still had a problem with these sounds . 
  no please , go ahead . 
  beaches and summer resorts . 
  also this is just my opinion but i like more greek women than from any other place . 
  italian and spanish look like the greek and italian certainly dress better but greek women still are a little bit more beautyful . 
  no , it is not worth even killing for . 
  very good . 
  i have a thick greek accent that i really like and do n't want to get rid off . 
  i just try to speak clearly and i believe i manage to do it . 
  i look like greek , so people rarely mistake me for another nationality . 
  but then again i look like spanish or italian . 
  i live in thessaloniki . 
  the city in greece with the biggest students-population ratio . 
  the neighborhood has to do with how many old people there are . 
  thanks for saying . 
  fixed . 
  what 's up with seven though ?!, 
  here we have a village called \u0395\u03c0\u03c4\u03ac\u03bb\u03bf\u03c6\u03bf\u03c2 ( seven hills ) . 
   lisbon - city of the seven hills i think i heard someone call rome this way . 
  depends on the job of course . 
  in most ocupations , i am sorry but you ca n't . 
  also teaching english , that is a good solution in many country , is n't going to work here , because people speak already . 
  as a man at 25 i do n't like that all my neighbors are old . 
  i would like to have neighbors around my age so i could potentially hang out with or so they could be more sympathetic the nights i am loud . 
  my lifestyle tends to be the lifestyle of old people because they are all around me . 
  we intend to curse . 
  we do n't need to excuse ourselves . 
  or at least this is me . 
  some people say `` sorry for the expression but ... '', 
  there are so many i ca n't even list them . 
  this is one most people world wide can recognize . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw6qgy3rtwy also for the people that have the least knowlegde of greek culture can recognize this . 
  they are not . 
  but still they are not free . 
  i would consider buying if i had to for the groceries bag . 
  it 's easy to say that you have a backpack , a purse or something to cary your groceries from the stores to you house . 
  most of the times i have a small backpack that i can fit a couple of things inside . 
  but how do you deal with the trash ? 
  i use the bags i take from supermarkets to contain the trash and later throw it away . 
  it makes sense . 
  even though there is a difference in the texture of lidl 's bags than the others , in lidl they are thicker and stronger . 
  in other supermarkets they give the biodegradable bags . 
  even though they are n't really biodegradable , they just tear to very small piece faster than the others but its matter still polute . 
  wow expensive, 
  it 's strange how here they are free and then lidl has the nerve to sell the bags . 
  in thessaloniki , it happens but rarely , like once every few years and it does n't last . 
  i was living in a village some kilometers away from thessaloniki when i was a kid . 
  it would happen with every heavy storm . 
  a few times a year and it would last a few hours . 
  now i think it does n't happens often there also . 
  it was a nice exeprience . 
  we would light candles gather in the living room and tell horror stories . 
  also we would explore the house . 
  super scary situation , nice memories . 
  personally no . 
  but here their service is bad . 
  some friends of mine got in a fight with some very aggresive people , one of them was also very physical aggresive and they decided to resolve it with the police . 
  they called the police . 
  they waited for 1 hour for them to come . 
  early ' 00 . 
  in greece , i lived in a village close to thessaloniki . 
  the guy was from kalamaria ( thessaloniki ) . 
  i still wonder if i should do anything about it , like go against him . 
  the ones i talk about it with say that there is not a point . 
  balkans unite . 
  1992 here also . 
  i was n't just spanked . 
  i was beaten . 
  several times . 
  by my parents , my gandmother and the headmaster of my school . 
  too cruel shit to do to a child . 
  fuck those people . 
  of course . 
  still i was spanked . 
  came here to say about corfu . 
  agios nikolaos in crete is a beautiful city . 
  we do n't have many for sure . 
  as much greece has beautiful nature it has ugly cities . 
  i heard others say about how ugly and chaotic athens is but i asure you that thessaloniki , where i live , is god damn ugly . 
  it 's fun to live here for some time but compared to some big cities i have been in europe , thessaloniki is third world level . 
  not really . 
  too poor to travel that long . 
  seems like u/theban _ prince is victim of the greek propaganda on the issue , like many people from greece and fyrom are . 
  it 's stupid to think that fyrom will claim any of our terrains , how would they ? 
  the issue is mostly cultural . 
  we speak the ( modernized ) language of ancient macedonians , we continue their civilization , so we only should have the title .
