how can people get so drunk by beer ? 
  also , how do we know its name if all the speakers have dieded ? 
  are you allowed to drink alcohol in public ? 
  i speak spanish . 
  i do n't understand portuguese, 
  calm your tits . 
  nobody said humans evolved from chimps . 
  just the common ancestor was apelike like we , chimps , bonobos and gorillas are . 
  surreal really ? 
  for us it was just another tranquil casual sunday , i went swimming right after i voted . 
  this region is inhabited just by orthodox monks . 
  it 's called agio oros . 
  it is an independent state in a way . 
  too bad there was no rationing yet and people are already hungry, 
  still raining in my area, 
  i do n't have any money in the bank anyway so i watch this apocalypse from the outside . 
  i only worry for the moment when people will kill for hunger . 
  aha , just for the wallet pickers, 
  maybe without germoney, 
  dunno about the other countries , but my countrie gon ' get kicked out well, 
  somebody told me that greece is # 1 on children obesity in europe . 
  does anybody have any stats on that ? 
  i knew the greek one would be from santorini and i wanted to make clear that the majority of villages do n't look remotely like this . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fuemkdk.jpg ) is an average looking village i took a picture of with my shitty phone camera a while after the sunset . 
  just in case somebody is interested . 
  stereotypes done historically, 
  now let 's see which are n't about war . 
  lol dude . 
  this is essential shit to know . 
  you have to actually know where the capital of weed is . 
  it 's upside down so they get dizzy by the blood pressure in their heads and they start mess with others business . 
  this people ca n't bear the cold simply . 
  they should demand separated and heated booths . 
  you can use a bike, 
  what do you mean silence is awkward ? 
  you have talk ? 
  this sounds awful . 
  in greece there are no buses coming with that much snow, 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  matt damon has actually done it . 
  no just for plumbers . 
  to the riot !, 
  yep man , you were poor before we went broke . 
  but do n't let this get us down . 
  we are balkans , at least we know how to live . 
  like ... not telling about how there is no audio jack . 
  keeping a secret that the new model is gon na be worse than the rest . 
  i 've always found peculiar the week day that schools ( and business ) start is called second day . 
  i think that the latvians and lithuanians got it right . 
  the sunday as the last day gives you the feel that the best is left for the end . 
  nope , he would n't fit in sewers to be a sewer troll . 
  why ?!, 
  do you have shortage of scrub nurses ? 
  what ? 
  lol !, 
  he looks like a sewer troll . 
  this is what the brits are trying to fix with the brexit , right ? 
  is n't this ikaria ? 
  it 's the cancer of reddit . 
  this is the sad truth . 
  even people that are n't golden dawn supporters hate turks . 
  i we greeks as balkan people are more open to dressing . 
  we also were nike and puma, 
  it 's in summer . 
  does n't count . 
  still cool though . 
  \u03b8 = angle \u03bb = eigenvalue \u03c6 = goldern ratio he definetely said something about math . 
  and greece . 
  winter sucks . 
  i do n't like having to wear two pair of pants . 
  i do n't like having to spend most of my time inside buildings . 
  i do n't like that i ca n't enjoy cold beer because i get cold . 
  `` dept '', 
  these are the bands that come into my head too . 
  there are more of course but they are not as good imo . 
  but which country has more bands that are as popular as these three . 
  greece dominates the european stoner rock scene by the way . 
  i do n't think i will experience so extreme temperatures but i will go with +46 if i had to choose . 
  `` good save the queen '' me during my early teens, 
  it 's been raining the last 10 days in thessaloniki and i am depressed . 
  i am not made for this , i love the sun and the heat . 
  i mean i do n't like sweating and the bugs but cold makes me unconfortable in a mental way . 
  if you have n't had gyros made by two naked dudes you have n't had real gyros . 
  i got many though . 
  you are welcome . 
  in fact '' \u03c3\u03c0\u03ac\u03c3\u03b5 \u03c0\u03cc\u03b4\u03b9 '' , which is the exact translation of `` break a leg '' is slag phrase for `` get out '' . 
  nope . 
  nothing similar i can think of . 
  the bigger the city the worse . 
  i live in thessaloniki and i do n't really like it . 
  i bet athens is n't much better . 
  i really enjoy hearing heavy accents , native or not , if i can make sence of course . 
  i believe the accent gives character , so this is why i have n't tried to get rid of mine . 
  this does n't sound like german accent in the movies, 
  we also say black & decker , tupper and jeep . 
  a bank account , for the sake of fucking capital control . 
  unless i have a serious reason i am not allowed to have one . 
  never had pickled eggs . 
  is it tasty ? 
  can you give me some insight on how i can make it ?
