  if they gave them 1 thing from the list it would make sense . 
  actually tic for tac would be best kind of approach probably . 
  but this ... this is just fucked . 
  but media also reports the greek parliament will vote on proposal on friday ... if that 's true , the government ca n't submit anything till the deadline ... what a joke this is ... two interesting things from twitter : - it seems some credit card companies already implemented drachmas in their backend systems - the lights at the acropolis have shut down ( usually it 's lighted all night long ), 
  nah , it should be payed by the people who are in the political union with greece , right mate ? 
  you like paying for what you did n't spend ? 
  keep in mind that monetary union is not fiscal union . 
  of course . 
  it would be much better if eu continued pumping their money into greece , and greece could live happily ever after . 
  you do know no austerity means money must still come from somewhere , right ? 
  also , of course imf would be happy to get their money back this way . 
  and teach everybody else that the best strategy is to not implement what was agreed , become a big problem and get bailed ? 
  yeah , fuck that . 
  well , there are other drowning men as well ... why should we give our money to greece , but not some other country ? 
  or do you think northern europe is atm for the south ? 
  really ? 
  how about `` raise minimum salary to the pre-cut level , 750 euros per month '' or `` elimination of payments by citizens for national health services '' and so on and on . 
  for fucks sake , on what planet do they and their voters live ? 
  my understanding is that yes , all the countries need to approve it ( unless they find some kind of half-leal workaround ) . 
  it really seems like varoufakis put them in this situation on purpose , with printing ious becoming the only option . 
  syriza are far left , do n't forget it . 
  the last point in their program is `` closure of all foreign bases in greece and withdrawal from nato . '', 
  exactly . 
  the only way they can keep their `` economy '' working is to keep getting free money . 
  maybe because they actually fought with the nazis against russians ; - ? 
  no but seriously , syriza lives in a fairy tail . 
  value does not come out of thin air . 
  they can implement their `` ideology '' with drahma , it will be a nice ( but inhumane ) social / economic experiment . 
  i 'm not aware of any country where marxism works , so ... that said , varoufakis did proove himself to be an ass . 
  he lied directly into camera . 
  knowingly . 
  how can anyone still defend him ? 
  but they had the agreement waiting `` somewhere in the building '' and were just waiting for voters to say `` no '' . 
  then they told everyone they would bring proposal on tuesday and came empty-handed . 
  said they would deliver it `` maybe wednesday '' . 
  did they ? 
  nope , but they did request the 3rd bailout , and nothing tangible is in there ... 
  a one time tax in the middle of the year would be retroactive , as profits for half of the year ( assuming fiscal year = calendar year ) have been already created , under the assumption of current taxation . 
  funny you should mention zizek , because you know , he 's employed by the university of ljubljana , and nobody knows what he does , yet one should not question it . 
  of course his views are left , he depends on them . 
  that said , with bank closed and people getting hungry , is it really the right time to fight which ideology is `` right '' ? 
  we live in a practical world . 
  practically , you need somebody to create value to be able to sustain your ideology . 
  greece does not create this value and wants to `` discuss ideology '' , which means `` it 's not fair you have more money as we do , you should share yours with us '' . 
  uhmm . . why exactly ? 
  if you want my money , you can have it , but on my conditions . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  i have some experience working with greeks . 
  warning , generalisation : they despise planing and laugh at it , saying it leaves no room for improvisation . 
  well there 's been no change in their tactics , so i 'm not very optimistic about it . 
  tsipras told absolutely nothing in the eu parliament today . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  `` bank holiday '', 
  i really do n't know about this stuff ... i know about killings within slovenia , but nothing about what was going on between croatians and serbs . 
  wow , that 's just sick, 
  killed by whom ? 
  what a joke ... 
  that 's bs . 
  he can clearly take the lead and say to troika `` see what i 'm doing ? 
  do you trust me now ? 
  can we please get some money , please ? '', 
  but he 's not doing anything but trying to get a better negotiating position . 
  why does he need agreement with debtors to suck public workers ? 
  no problem guys , right ? 
  deal is signed since monday and banks are opened since tuesday , right ? 
  well he is spot on, 
  i 've also been to vienna 's flea market and i do n't get that either . 
  most of the people selling there are from the eastern europe . 
  besides , it 's not a full-time job . 
  naschmarkt is maybe more comparable . 
  it 's quite small and vivid , a niche market really . 
  well what has he been doing for the past 6 months ? 
  he could have done it by now, 
  they paid for half of it , that 's the point . 
  i have balance fully to the right and can hear both, 
  oh common . 
  greece is guilty of taking the credit , but germany and austria-hungary are also guilty of starting the war ... 
  can somebody please call the bbc and tell them that either : - they get somebody to turn the original volume down - or shut down the damn stream as they are just uselessly spending their taxpayer money, 
  well to be fair , yugoslavia was supposedly based on `` brotherhood and unity '' . 
  we all know how it ended . 
  actually lots of that debt had roots in pre-nazi germany and in fact gave power to the nsdap ( which is actually socialistic party ) . 
  so in a way , not much different from greece . 
  maybe we should learn something from that , but it 's probably too late now . 
  should have given debt reduction to the previous governments . 
   eva kaili http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/features/4335023/erogenous-eurozones-snapshot-of-continets-economic-crisis-and-female-european-politicians-potential-stimulus-for-growth.html, 
  he seems to be correct on german debt relief though ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_agreement_on_german_external_debts, 
  no , he 's god rhetorician . 
  that 's exactly what most people in greece want to hear !, 
  there was a hot chick eva kaili, 
  so tsipras is basically saying they want to reform by just raising taxes and keeping the ( unsustainable ) pensions . 
  i 'm not saying he 's not right in that people have the right to choose their own way , but he 's forgeting the people of other 18 countries also have the right to choose whom they give their money !, 
  soo ... is this guy saying we should not be saving greek banks ? 
  they do n't like getting money out of atms ? 
  yaay ireland , that was good, 
  omg slovenian rhetorics sucks, 
  it ended :-(, 
  well instead of having i do n't know how many ( over 20 ?? ), 
  butchers in one place , you could probably have just a couple to serve the same need . 
  you could have meat delivery by smartphone / uber or whatever ... or you could at least drive around . 
  really , so many shops offering the same thing in one place just makes no sense .
