  in other news : greece lodges formal request for bailout loan http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-07-08/greece-lodges-formal-request-for-bailout-loan/, 
  nothing , as long as it 's sustainable . 
  but no innovation in 4 generations wo n't get you very far . 
  uhm no , less public spending and we 'll refinance your debt . 
  and refinancing is sponsored by countries who borrow at much higher interest rates than they are lending to greece at ... 
  well it 's wednesday ... 
  who ? 
  and how would it be different without the euro ? 
  the only problem with euro is that people can very easily compare one country to another . 
  so you have poor romanians with very low minimum and average wages , and rich germans with much higher min and average ... 
  but what would be different if you had minimum wage of 10.000 drahmas and average 30.000 drahmas ? 
  also `` the agreement is in this building , we are just waiting for the mandate the people are giving us with ` no ' '' . 
  i ca n't see how people still see him as good ... 
  sorry , but i just ca n't see how you can save this kind of jobs in 2015 http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2015/jul/07/greek-crisis-athens-street-markets-video the guy proudly shows how this same business has been run by his father , and grandfather and grandgranfather ... and the business has n't changed at all ... well there 's your problem , sorry, 
  on top , syriza was voted basically to stop the reforms andbring back `` good old times '', 
  he told everybody that `` they need new reforms which will burden those who can carry it '' , what more do you need ? 
  they are mentioning reforms , but they have n't implemented any . 
  who is stopping them ? 
  besides , tsipras speaks of the crisis as if it started 5 years ago . 
  uhm no . 
  it started decades ago , but you were borrowing to sweep it under the rug . 
  of course they interprete lack of money for further sweeping as crisis . 
  fix your god damned country , and stop dreaming of some left-economic wonder , because you wo n't see one . 
  according to finance.si , this is what tsipras said ( google translated ) : this is a decisive time for my country and for the euro area . 
  we strive for socially and economically sustainable agreement that would not include the mistakes of the past , which involved a recessionary spiral . 
  we strive to strengthen the compliance with european rules , but also respect for democracy . 
  i take full responsibility for what has happened over the past five months , a greek problems have accumulated over the past five years . 
  greece has carried out a very large adjustments . 
  i respect the other countries that have also implemented austerity measures , but nowhere you were not so drastic . 
  it would not be an exaggeration if i say that greece has become a test laboratory for the austerity measures in recent years . 
  we want an agreement that would bring us closer to the end of the crisis , which would show that there is light at the end of the tunnel . 
  nobody denies that reforms are needed , but the burden should be borne by those who can pay , not those who have already paid . 
  we need an agreement that will boost growth . 
  without growth , we will not emerge from the crisis . 
  uuuhhhh ... so banks definitely stay closed till next week at least . 
  i also heard some rumours that the ez leaders are looking for a `` hack '' which would allow them to give some billions to greece without need to vote in all national parliaments . 
  i ca n't believe what mess greeks got into . 
  what the f was the tactics with the referendum !? 
  they let the help expire , which now requires vote in 18 parliaments , which has no chance of passing . 
  18 finance ministers is tight even ... what was the point ? 
  the only reasonable explanation i see is that game theorists varoufakis predicted that there 's no way for a grexit , simply because there 's no law which would permit it . 
  by saying no , they would essentially get a better deal , simply because that 's the only chance . 
  is it ? 
  on the other hand , it seems a lot of politicians really do want to keep greece in ez . 
  but after all this , is there a way ? 
  which would not create a landslide of requests from piigs ? 
  i kinda have a feeling we should just let them go . 
  anything else will just escalate again sooner rather than later , and it might even be a bigger problem each time it comes up . 
  that is terrible and all ... but what on earth is the market model of having a butcher 's shop every 2 meters ? 
  and they all buy from the same supplier even ? 
  obviously this ca n't work in 2015 , crisis or no crisis . 
  because they like their couple of 100s of euros pension more than trillions of pensions in drahma ... 
  if i understand correctly , then slovenia has exactly the same taxation . 
  if i made 100k profit and profit tax is say 20 % , i 'd have to pay 20k profit tax , and then also 20k advance on tax for the next fiscal , but not at once , but monthly 1.6 k. 
  if at the end of the year i made less profit , i would get that back some time in the future , with no interest . 
  austria will also have 13 % vat on turism . 
  actually it seems nobody knows the exact slovenian number , plus lot 's of it is guarantees to the ems , not directly to greece ... 
  what on earth is the alternative ?? 
  no austerity simply means `` send us money '' . 
  despite many people claiming so , economy simply does n't work that way . 
  against whom ? 
  everything is happening according to their democratic decision !, 
  i wonder if he 's also going to leave greece ... 
  :-) was it k\u00e4sekrainer ? 
  this really differs country to country also based on purchase power ... in south/eastern european countries , smaller banknotes are common . 
  when i was in states i got a $ 2 bill , but did n't realize how rare it was so i spent it :-(, 
  well , you know , it 's not just greek youth . 
  many other countries have similar problems . 
  should we bailout the youth all over the place ? 
  maybe . 
  but then we should do so across europe . 
  and still , somebody needs to pay . 
  why should n't greek generation which voted governments which made all the bad decisions take any burden ? 
  the voters everywhere need to wake up and realise that by voting populistic government , they are ruining their own future . 
  they need to take responsibility for their actions . 
  but they argue the pensions should not be cut ... 
  was he even voted in parliament ? 
  have you ever lived in a country with marxist economy ? 
  well i have . 
  it sucked . 
  but imf and ez represent regulated , rather than unregulated financial institutions . 
  did any other institution out there offer to refinance greek debt ? 
  on better conditions at least ? 
  are we not dealing with a failed regulated financial means here ? 
  what exactly is `` neoliberal '' ? 
  pff ... do n't you know those banks are run by rich banksters who have plenty but just do n't want to share !, 
  donald tusk called euro summit for tomorrow at 6pm . 
  i guess this means no decision before that , hence also greek banks remain closed . 
  but of course , varoufakis will not need to answer the question `` you said banks are going to open on tuesday , why are they closed '' ? 
  what kind of result do you expect when you ask the people : - would you like to pay back for your big nice shiny tv , scrimping and saving as you do , and not being able to afford the electricity for it as well - would you like not to pay back your big nice shiny tv without scrimping and saving , plus you get the electricity for free, 
  apparently he also stated some kind of iou is coming , so yes , this is quite realistic, 
  i really do n't think the problem was varoufakis , but his rethorics . 
  whoever comes with the same ideas will be equally disliked . 
  yeah , i want referendum on our side as well, 
  what kind of bullshit is this : '' ... debt restructuring , less austerity , redistribution in favour of the needy , and real reforms . '', 
  debt restructuring -  we wantz free german moneyz less austerity -  we wantz keep spending more than we create redistribution in the favour of the needy -  now this one is puzzling . 
  either he means external ( e.g. , european countries should give moneyz to the greece in need ) or internal ( take from the rich , give to the poor . ), 
  real reforms -  what are those supposed to be ? 
  everybody gets a life long job in a public sector and retires and 30 ? 
  what complex issue are we talking about ?
