hey , at least we do n't have to pay for tv if we only have a computer . 
  it 's official now . 
  it 's one thing for the world superpower to be able to tap anywhere . 
  for croatia , it 's pretty weird . 
  i mean , if you listened to merkel , hell would break lose to much greater extent as if obama does , such is nature of things . 
  of course it might be that udba network ( not technology , but people network ) still works and it 's much easier for ex-yu countries to wiretap each other . 
  on the other hand , this could be dropped on the table by serbs/russians . 
  nobody else can actually profit from this . 
  uhhh ... no . 
  it used to be part of the holy roman empire for the most part , then followed by austria-hungary . 
  who do you think has the capability of making such recording , other than some kind of government agency ? 
  more to the / s side . 
  even though , both are interesting . 
  not sure which is worse : slovenians being stupid to discuss over the phone , or croatians beeing stupid enough to basically admit they have access to any phone conversation within slovenia ... best for both sides to just pretend this did n't happen . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the other way around , and slavonija used to be slovenia . 
  not to mention the whole zagreb area speaks slovenian dialect which you call `` kajkavski '' . 
  guys , we are talking about measurable quantities . 
  from 2008-2014 , slovenian public debt grew at 8.5 percentage points per year and german at 1.1 percentage points per year . 
  but hey , no problem there ... shh ... that 's all normal , no panic ... 
  that 's really terrible . 
  a child at that age knows she has nowhere to return . 
  at least nowhere where she could live by now seen german standards . 
  and i mean including be equal as a woman . 
  maybe we need to rethink the whole thing and open opportunities for children to stay ? 
  well it does n't really work like that . 
  the excessive workers who now `` have disposable income to spend '' are really spending the money which comes from other taxpayers and / or bailout money . 
  in the past these kind of people were faucet where money aquired through state credits was pushed in the economy . 
  of course that works as long as you can get new credits . 
  it 's mandatory that they are laid off , even if they receive some kind of compensation which is lower than the current salary . 
  they need to get motivated to do some real work . 
  of course internal devaluation in terms of reducing minimum wage is a must . 
  in essence , greece has created huge bubble in their internal economy . 
  money which was pouring into the economy through those faucets pushed prices up . 
  food , flats , everything is much more expensive than the economy justifies . 
  so they need to defuse the bubble across . 
  they ca n't keep the current `` standard '' , but that of course also means cost of living needs to adjust to the new reality . 
  at the current unemployment rate , i personally would prefer a blitzkrieg - deregulate the hell of everything , make employing people really easy etc. 
  it would hurt as hell , but it would be over quicker as it 's going to be by what they are doing now . 
  because in essence , now it 's all about `` we wa n't to keep everything as it is/was '' . 
  well , you ca n't . 
  the sooner you accept it , the better . 
  at point 1 , i really do n't see what that 's got to do with euro . 
  if you think they could be cheaper by keeping drachma , you should consider that they can be cheap also by using euro , but simply earning less euro . 
  what on earth is the difference of earning 100.000 drachmas which are worth 100e or just simply 100e rather than 600 ? 
  dude ... slovenia borrowed at 5 % and more . 
  plus the speed at which debt grows is enormous, 
  wow . 
  you really worship slovenia , do you ? 
  there 's no country which could pay off their entire debt `` by the end of the year '' . 
  and slovenia borrows at very high rate, 
  yeah but going from 25 % to 80 % in 7 years tells you that the economy is neither healthy not sustainable , and the public expenditure ca n't sustain the standard slovenia enjoyed in those years . 
  by effortless you mean by growing their public debt from 25 % in 2008 to 80 % in 2015 ? 
  my view https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dfzij/how_slovenia_turned_itself_around_another_balkan/ct59fjo, 
  they will pay also : the `` erased '' . 
  well slovenia was a part of holy roman emire for about 1000 years . 
  but 100 years of panslavism and communism washed all that away . 
  now they are just balkans . 
  wow that 's some crap right there . 
  first of all , the 4.8 e bailout is highly suspicious , at the banks had positive capital by their own account and very negative capital by an external audit , which was done using secret methodology ( remains secret to this day ) and the auditor ( i think it was ernst and young ) even noted it was done against all international rules an best practices . 
  but it gets better . 
  based on that report , the banks were nationalised , and the shareholders ( which for nkbm means a lot of people who bought the same shares from slovenia not long ago ! ), 
  were stripped of their ownership , plus subordinate debt was cut . 
  but it gets better , because the law permits the above only in case the banks default . 
  the trick is , they did not . 
  all measures were taken `` so the banks would not default '' . 
  the constitutional court still has to decide if that was constitutional at all . 
  as a note , austrians and germans might have noticed that austria and bavaria made a deal about pretty much the same thing for hypo bank , because austria realised `` the process costs would be too high , and we 'd probably lose '' . 
  but it gets better , because you see one of the banks - nkbm - got sold now . 
  so people whose possession was illegally nationalised ca n't get it back in nature . 
  and it gets better still , because you know , nkbm received a huge financial injection of 870m to `` save '' it . 
  it 's capital at the end of 2014 was 600m . 
  it was sold for 200m . 
  who needed to get read of it so badly to basically give it away , with huge pile of taxpayers money in their safes ? 
  just a note : slovenia has a long tradition of breaking basic human rights this way . 
  but slowly the price comes . 
  first for `` the erased '' . 
  now for the lb . 
  and i 'm sure the story above comes to conclusion some time in the future , even if in the next 20 years . 
  oh and troika ? 
  please . 
  troika is in control of slovenia . 
  fiscal rule , austerity , all those are in place . 
  why ? 
  because the government had to accept it , or they would be out of power . 
  but it 's extremely important that they stay in control , while they are really the continuation of communist regime . 
  so they once again sacrifice the people to keep their own benefits . 
  of course , keeping the benefits requites also stable voting machine , which traditionally is public sector and pensionist . 
  and for reasons i do n't understand , the young generation as well . 
  on the other hand , there really is n't anything better to vote for . 
  read the new class by djilas . 
  it explains the system which to large degree is still alive and kicking . 
  the only agenda of the government is to protect the benefits of this class . 
  everything else , from health care , to edjucation etc is going down the drain , and fast . 
  they are saying they are privatizing , but they are not . 
  ok , they are to some degree , but they really are trying to keep control over well paid positions for their friends ( e.g. 
  telekom , triglav insurance ... ), 
  funny thing is , cerar 's party is in alde , but they are really just communists , syriza wannabe in disguise . 
  and they oppose restructuring public sector and privatisation . 
  this ... makes no sense . 
  i mean , sure , probably they should implement most of those , but giving them 3 days is just fucked up .
