  and as for krs - no it does n't need to be done . 
  im sorry but it seems to me you got hit with some personal problems - i can understand this . 
  what i dont understand is how you can put `` western '' in your message while clearly not knowing how different western systems are . 
  furthermore you dont explain at all how pis is going to make it better . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  thats the great problem in writing about such `` closed '' countries isnt it ? 
  anyway i sunk lately in mark so\u0142onin books , if you want to spend few hours , you will be able to compare those to genera\u0142y agreed western historical interpretations . 
  edit : https://www.academia.edu/6671567/a_new_book_on_soviet-german_war_by_mark_solonin, 
  definitely not . 
  holocaust could be studied based on secured evidence , while both of their work was based on official ussr sources . 
  both wheatcroft and davis have one thing in common - they treated working on ussr history like any other . 
  how can i treat their work as reliable when its based on faulty sources ? 
  edit - and yes you are right they collectivization proces was done to secure ass cheap food for cities but the process of collectivization was also tread as occasion to suppress any disagreement from farmers . 
  after all 10 years before there were massive peasants upprisings . 
  heard about tomsk ? 
  yeah for his own good i do hope he is getting payed . 
  taking away all the food from farmers in pursue of forcing them to join collective farms , setting armed guards around villages to kill anyone trying to escape is the same as victims of hunger in capitalism/democracy ? 
  this doesnt include deaths from starvation due to collectivization , deaths in gulags , killings without sentence . 
  sorry mate im not very much into culinary . 
  edit : but i can certainly recommend one milk bar in warsaw - bar prasowy https://www.zomato.com/pl/warszawa/bar-prasowy-%c5%9br%c3%b3dmie%c5%9bcie-po%c5%82udniowe, 
  as warsaw resident i would n't call it rubbish , but if you are truly seeking culinary thrill with typical polish dishes it might be not the best place indeed . 
  see ? 
  you get it . 
  its not the fact that there were elections makes country democracy or not , same for our issue , its not about that politicians formally elect judges . 
  su had elections and parlament , just like other european countries , so by your flawed logic its democracy right ? 
  the same with the issue we are discussing . 
  on first look it would be the same but if you spend few minutes with google you will find out that most european countries have different approach although it might not seem so . 
  soviet union was a democracy , true or false ? 
  really ? 
  he didnt say that in poland under new ( now vetoed ) law the judges would be elected by politicians , which is the same as in other european countires ? 
  and thats where he is wrong ? 
  the part true is that they are getting chosen by politicians , the important part is that they are choosen from the candidates proposed by other judges . 
  therefore the whole statement is wrong . 
  edit : if you would look the way you do in case of poland 's situation at soviet union you would say that it was democracy - after all they had elections and parlament didnt they ? 
  where ? 
  he said that judges are beeing choosen by politicians.while its true the end effect is completely different . 
  in one case we have politicians choosing judges from pool selected by other judges and they are nominated for life . 
  in future polish case we will have judges chosen by governing party from pool of people chosen ( with new law about national judiciary council ) by mostly politicians from governing party . 
  so in this case `` incomplete '' doesnt mean true . 
  so this is not true ? 
  justices of the supreme court are appointed by royal decree , chosen from a list of three , advised by the house of representatives on the advice of the court itself . 
  the justices are , like every other judge in the netherlands , appointed for life , until they retire at their own will or after reaching the age of 70 . 
  upon reaching the age of 60 , a justice may change status to extraordinary , with the effect that the justice no longer plays a full role at the court . 
  but i still dont see how its the same as in other democracies . 
  nope again . 
  you say in most democracies judges are chosen by politicians . 
  its formally true , the devil is in details . 
  can they choose whoever they want ? 
  forgive me , but you are very wrong . 
  in most european countries judges get `` chosen '' by politicians from pool proposed by judges . 
  but what about other european countries ? 
  should we just implement germany model ? 
  is it wise , is it good ? 
  because from my ( granted not the best ) knowledge absolute most of eu countries have the system in which judges are very highly influential from straight choosing other judges to nominating candidates from which politicians choose them . 
  judges are being chosen by politicians ? 
  care to explain ? 
  well that does n't change the fact that he was indeed a useful idiot for over 20 years, 
  yes , after 1956 and famous chushchow speach he did backtrack , but never completely . 
  i vaguely remember him writing that he indeed lied about su , byt then later backtracked from it too ( perhaps i mix up something with that , really dont remember clearly ) . 
  george bernard shaw traveled to soviet union in 1931 . 
  he was extermly enthusiastic about the su , even stated that he is staying there just for 10 days but want to stay fro 10 years . 
  he was pleased by crowds `` spontaneously '' gathering and cheering him . 
  he praised the living conditions in su , while at the same time millions were starving . 
  jean paul sartre after his travel to soviet union in 1954 stated that in su there is absolute freedom of speech . 
  he , while acknowledging the existence of gulags , and the fact that the conditions in them were very similar to german concentration camps , stated that the truth must be hidden , because it could turn off french workers . 
  he was also very vocal about a need for revolution of working class . 
  after his travel to soviet union sartre stated that in su there is absolute freedom of speech . 
  he , while acknowledging the existence of gulags , and the fact that the conditions in them were very similar to german concentration camps , stated that the truth must be hidden , because it could turn off french workers . 
  he was also very vocal about a need for revolution of working class . 
  he joined the useful idiots club . 
  george bernard shaw , jean-paul sartre and many others and now mr stone joins them , sad . 
  ah right , sorry clearly too late for me . 
  im sorry , but what ? 
  kukiz in the middle ? 
  middle of what ? 
  its actually reference to original nazi party uniform https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ranks_and_insignia_of_the_nazi_party, 
  im sorry typing from cellphone is hard for oldtimers like me , edited . 
  well let me put it straight then . 
  you are comparing the influx of immigrants from outside eu to influx of people from inside . 
  glad you understand . 
  well if you want to compare refugees and illegal migrants to citizens of a country memeber of eu , then you are right . 
  but ` tis all ok , we know you treat us like barbaric beggars . 
  good luck mate and i hope you will go down whistling that fragment from monty 's song . 
  haha jokes on you , im old enough and with so many bad habits if im lucky i wont be living long enough to see the worst . 
  i am doomed anyway . 
  ofc they did . 
  i dont think polish women are that different and from my personal experience polish women always hear when you speak bad of them ... 
  it was a message to this kind of women in poland - `` do you hear , stupid polish cunts ? '', 
  very principal of you . 
  why are you putting words in my mouth ? 
  i never stated its all good and never stated muslim immigrants will be a problem . 
  this is a very cheap trick and i really hoped for better discussion . 
  on point . 
  enemy combatants in ranks of terrorist organization aiming also the country those combatants are citizens of should be caught and trailed . 
  but since they are in a warzone , and since their direct goal is to spread chaos and violence to build the world they dream of i find it fitting they face violence themselves . 
  well yes but the opinion i voiced is based on what i do think is truth . 
  thats it . 
  absolutely , you have a good point . 
  is it illegal ? 
  yes .
