well said . 
  frankly any new toy looks good on airshows - true test i getting it in combat . 
  well said . 
  have an upvote . 
  oh we wish but this kind of mentailty is nothing strange in russia . 
  i had some friends in there , but after ukraine crisis most of them got a nactionalist fever . 
  inteligent , educated people mind you . 
  terrible . 
  uh i know it very well and in anticipation of it i started drinking cider . 
  and poland is a state in which there are schools with 2 religon lessons a week and only one gymnastics and history . 
  i envy you , but there is hope . 
  i see it on the example of my generation ( 1978 ) - many people bothered to complete apostazy act ( quiting church ) and belive me its not easy thing to do . 
  i see it even in smaller cities - people generally travel much much more - and see how it should be done . 
  hell people from slupsk - a city most certain not famous for its liberal feeling - just elected and officially gay politician for president . 
  its even weirder . 
  poland as a christ of nations - this is a direct quote from mickiewicz , our national poet ( born in lithuania to make things stranger ) and that ethos seems to always hang in here in the background . 
  i would , but as you can see above there are many who still see it as true polish catholic will defend weak homo europe from muslims . 
  eh they will just steal most of the code anyway . 
  did i say that president is powerless ? 
  i was talking about his right to nominate numerous officials . 
  nominating the candidate he is given - so yes its not that much of a power . 
  as i already answered - mea culpa . 
  i managed to get the copy of those documents and after quick look the case indeed stinks . 
  once more i am sorry - jumped to conclusions too fast . 
  i dont know what you mean . 
  didnt fading comministic regime people want to have `` papers '' that could question the role of walesa ? 
  especially in light of nobel prize ? 
  as a criminal lawyer i can tell you there is nothing easy about graphological tests . 
  i dint know details of this one , but if it was done by the `` specialists '' like those i had to deal in one of my cases in radom - its really nothing certain . 
  you might be right if he did sign those . 
  frankly i wouldnt be surprised so much . 
  but why believing ub in walesa case and not in j. kaczynski ? 
  if someone 's papers would be falsificated i would say walesa 's and not unknown to anyone at the end of communistic regime j. kaczynski . 
  you know whats also funny ? 
  pis comes to power - ipn suddenly remembers about that case . 
  second time around . 
  well perhaps he did sign that document , perhaps not . 
  but then jaroslaw kaczynski also has signed such document . 
  so is he also a former communist agent ? 
  we are poor , underdeveloped country that was very poor even before i ww ( different sources 28-35 % industry and infrastructure destroyed ) and ii ww ( around 40-45 % industry and infrastructure doestroyed ) . 
  to start catching up we need at least 25 years of constant grow - for that we need foreign investors . 
  we might not be uneducated and dumb - but if we truly arent we should understand that it is not the moment for national pride . 
  its tears , blood and hard work time and i admit that we never were good at that . 
  well indeed - proud poland is used as slave labour , and we could do so much more ... if only we had money for it . 
  and know-how . 
  im ashamed to be the same nationality as you , seriously . 
  your ignorance and lack of understanding of most basic economic rules is astonishing . 
  you are the example of the worst kind of mania grandiosa that is quite common among us . 
  you are probably one of those morons that claim our industry did fine before 1990 and it would do great but it was stolen by a bunch of gangsters . 
  oh ofc i have no doubt that you are right . 
  oh no , i ment the information is quite false . 
  from what i know on standard tu planes there are 2 black boxes . 
  since that was a special , presidential machine - there was third one . 
  2 standard black boxes where indeed in russia - only they had equipment to read them . 
  third one is in poland since it was usa technology . 
  afaik those 2 black boxes are already in poland , but frankly speaking it doesnt matter that much since poland has the third one and has the data on it . 
  because its a false statement ? 
  in russian embassies its hard to find clerks that are not working for one or the other intelligence agencies , or you were sarcastic ? 
  because neither then nor now there are any legal arguments for it . 
  exactly what i ment , thank you . 
  lies !, 
  just because pierre was close doesnt mean he had any contribution !, 
  nah just joking , still glad you left us chopin . 
  we take our water seriously . 
  agree , i live in warsaw and i certainly dont think it is the most beautiful city in poland . 
  hmm . . perhaps ? 
  i know situation in olsztyn , warsaw and lublin . 
  my little sister just started working in hospital - she gets almost 700 euro as just starting doctor + nights . 
  right now doctors with experience earn a lot more than 500 euro - trust me got 9 of them in my closest family . 
  i have no idea how it went . 
  i saw the situation as you mention , i saw the situation in which girls were indeed harrased by people from arabic countries to the point where a slap in the face didnt stop them . 
  once i had to intervene myself . 
  and yes i do know turkey is not arabic but it do seem to share hot blood with them . 
  well to be fair , from rumours on fb and elsewhere - late at night 3 turks while being drunk did come to some polish girls in a manner that is not deemed civil , and group of drunken poles reacted much much too aggressively . 
  1 turk was hit in face . 
  so while there is enough of fevorous morons in poland the story might be a little more complicated . 
  and what especially happened to russia in the past century that makes it understandable ? 
  you are right , but if those sentiments already exist in muslim community , how can westerners change them ? 
  by blowing building in riazan and trying to do this again , masking it as terrorist attack just to start the war in chechenia . 
  putin was pm then in the wake of presidential election . 
  it is indeed a brilliant show . 
  yeah you mean polish version of sharia ? 
  do not drink vodka with pole if you are not ready for hard play ? 
  realistic judgment of my situation and my country compared to most of eu members . 
  well put and im just a poor bloke from even poorer poland . 
  all relative my friend - go to ukraine you wont belive how bad roads are there , i really started to appreciate what we have . 
  im sorry to hear that , but i was 1 year practicing in glasgow and belive me eviction cases are even more difficult and expensive there . 
  eviction cases are diffculy not because of the evidence difficulties but because of extensive protection of people renting living properties in whole ue . 
  what simple case ? 
  was it criminal , civil or commercial ? 
  it would get abused by any goverment . 
  self governing of judges is the only thing that holds the system together . 
  i would like to see it expanded with the institution from interwar polish law - institution of judge prosecutor . 
  most of my friend judges hate taking those as they have much too much work already and taking them away from judges means more workers needed anyway . 
  no im not a judge im just a humble advocate . 
  assigning cases at random - no idea how this will work with polish system , but copypasta of that detail and not changing the system to fit it will cause problems in my opinion . 
  this is already the case in criminal courts , for civil courts i highly doubt it will work . 
  the specifics of civil procedure makes sure of it . 
  another `` 24 h '' court system with the same effect ( hint - close to 0 ) 5 . 
  no problem there .
