  now !, 
  edit : just kidding . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  [ a kid of refugees speaking in front of eu parliament ] ( https://youtu.be/csuw4ew1wok?t=289 ), 
  navigating this cultural thing usually depends on several factors , usually some clues help : shoes are taken off in houses that are heated , where inhabitants cook food and sleep . 
  if the room is not heated ( in colder climates ) , the room is of common usage , where nobody sleeps , washes , is naked , you usually stay with your boots . 
  in places where people walk barefoot the same effect is achieved by washing ones feet ( having it washed ) , or brushing the dirt off . 
  if mapped the answers , probably the line would separate between places where people heet or does not heat buildings , and not some cultural traditions . 
  that may be true in a big country in peace time , but in a small country with limited budget and dangerous neighbours , practically conscription works better where you want every citizen to be part or at least acquainted with national defence matters . 
  let me illustrate this with an anecdotal example from six-day war . 
  during the war israel stopped working . 
  country was at war against the whole arab world . 
  on the other side , say in syria , there were only handful soldiers at war , because if you were in damascus you would not see that country is at war : bubbling streets , people relaxed going about their own business . 
  though having motivation : golan heights being in strategic position within shelling distance from capital . 
  so here , imagine that you have to die in war and compare two situations in one you are side by side with your brothers and sisters fighting for survival of your country and defending your home , and the other when you are making money , while your brother is at the bar having fun . 
  for a small country that has it 's existence on stake can not afford spending all money on standing professional army : it will be either too small or too expensive . 
  having in mind sweden controls tasty strategic islands in baltic and some neighbours are parking their submarines in backyard of capital undetected for decades , well situation is clear . 
  you again , bestonia !, 
  i hope we had invited him to lie here . 
  so instead of going to some muxosransk , he could have lived and worked in an environment that would have more auditorium , freedom , and like-minded people . 
  exactly , our culture is extremely promiscuous , girls from early age are taught to look and act seductive , being `` sexy '' is a compliment , sex is not a taboo in our society . 
  this is something exclusive about us . 
  we are the richest in stuff and probably second in promiscuity only to polynesian tribes . 
  denying that is just stupid and self absorbed . 
  heterosexual men have weekness in women smiling at them . 
  that is a biological fact . 
  this sooooo cringeworthy . 
  even my polandball english helps me understand that he did not probably mean that baltic states are some kind of bielefeld do not exists consppiracy . 
  gosh, 
  if it costs so much , and we are still in favour of it . 
  if we have more experience and knowledge about with russia . 
  why not to listen and learn that there are things called obligation and responsibility ? 
  exactly , this was our choice , goal : freedom , democracy , cooperation , rule of law , prosperity and peace . 
  from the other side it was seen more like : ok , let them in , exert our influence and screw them over anytime we can . 
  true . 
  of course there is . 
  i just want to say that freedom does not come for free . 
  if you give something for free , then it is not valued anymore . 
  and some countries got things easier , without fight or work and does not cherish it . 
  just the further you are from the centre of eu , the harder it is to be pro-european . 
  the further you go east , the bigger the price , and even dangerous is to be pro-european ( also in `` rule of law '' , `` human rights '' sense ) . 
  what some people take for granted and do not cherish other people have to withstand temptations and dangers to have . 
  but still in eastern europe there are no fringe end of political spectre parties , or they get almost no votes . 
  sometimes for an eastern european `` more europe '' practically means giving more power to naive , ignorant , irresponsible and not trustworthy westerners , who do not cherish what they have and have shown so many times wilingness to throw you under the bus with everything that you have achieved by relentless work and bravery . 
  just compare : average wage in germany is 4 times bigger , though prices of almost everything are lower and almost everything is easier and cheeper to do in germany than any other eastern european country . 
  for pro-eu eastern european it is an ideal , a thing to strive for and nobody whines like a girl that we have to work harder , longer to have less than the others , we take that as a fact of life . 
  but what is disgusting to see that somebody that has guts to lecture us on ideals and solidarity , throws it out the window in no time , when they can haggle for pennies or go like beggars with their heads low to get some toxic leftover oil/gas for a discount . 
  eastern european countries that have made choice to be pro-europe pays [ political price ] ( http://www.rferl.org/contentinfographics/gazprom-russia-gas-leverage-europe/25441983.html ) for something they need more , and we have made a deal to have common market , so that is what we are trying to build . 
  now some countries are easy to forget deals , goals and principles to beg for pennies from the very same entity that exploits it 's monopoly and influence to charge exorbitant political prices . 
  we together had a deal to build a union and we stick to our end of the bargain . 
  no tricks , no backing down , no renegotiation , no stupid realpolitik , no excuses . 
  deal is a deal . 
  let 's just make it work for everybody . 
  this and others are `` a house divided can not stand '' moment or an intro to the fate of western roman empire . 
   only understand solidarity when it suits them from totalitarian past was inherited a horribly divided and destroyed social fabric , that is easily corruptible and controllable by a few greedy and merciless . 
  eu has a halo of human rights and rule of law . 
  the ukraine , as well as `` new '' european countries see that as a thing to follow and to strive for as a cure from brutal traumatic past . 
  ukrainians have died and carry on dying for those principles . 
  on the other hand russian tv everyday tries to show that contracts , law , solidarity , human rights and other things is just a fairytale told by those in power . 
  thank you for showing that you have the same opinion of eu as a union of the liars and the naive . 
  may your flair misguide nobody . 
  solidarity also means going an extra step outside your boundaries , not to be ignorant about the other . 
  but so often we see that somehow one nations history , culture , interests , realpolitik is important while the other are just whinny , paranoid , selfish and exotic from a country nobody cares to know shit . 
  btw , there is a saying in russian : do not teach your father how to fuck . 
   energy security of central and western europe over the next decades is more important to german politicians than a piece of land in far eastern europe . 
  how is that still a surprise to anyone ? 
  welcome to realpolitik no , it is no surprise . 
  kremlin makes a huge discount to germany just to carry on filling their pockets with money from europoor countries , then spend that money in eurorich countries , send their kids to study and live there lavishly and be loved by everybody . 
  make the rich richer and the poor poorer . 
  works great . 
  divide and impera . 
   oligarchs get stamped into submission i would have worded that from all competing organised crime gangs won the most experienced ( kgb ) . 
  well , there was some fuss about it , to check if it is an obligation to a foreign power . 
  with lithuania 's liberal `` zero-option '' citizenship law has had erased tensions with its neighbors from 90s , this polish card obviously resurects some old problems , there was a [ constitutional court involved in that ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/law/gkazenas-lenko-korta-tai-ne-isimtinai-politine-bet-ir-teisine-problema.d?id=58166754 ) . 
  the problem consists that by receiving a polish card you are `` part of polish nation '' , but in constitution nation is all the inhabitants of poland ( `` nar\u00f3d polski -- wszyscy obywatele rzeczypospolitej '' ) , well it is complicated , because in preamble polish card is used as a compensation for polish citizenship lost during history , created as a hack for those who want to become nationals of poland . 
  it is not strange that it created some problems . 
  though , members of parliament who recieved polish card did not lose their mandate or have any problems getting a new one . 
  this all project was created to go around citizenship laws , and technically creates a double loyalty problem ( for countries that do not tolerate multiple citizenships ) , but in reality there is no actual problem , because polish-lithuanians traditionally more often join armed forces , police , are more connected to region they are from , less likely to emigrate than lithuanian speaking population , and generally more loyal to the state ( well , apart of semi-secretly pro-kremlin `` akcja wyborcza polakow na litwie '' ) , there are thousands of holders of polish card in lithuania . 
  tl ; dr probably you would have to give it up before taking on a post of president of lithuania . 
  [ of course ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenko_korta ), 
   wants to be european and absorb our culture and customs well this is interesting ... 
  i do not think anybody wants to absorb other culture . 
  maybe if their previous identity was somehow felt as inferior , or maybe if new `` culture '' is something easily absorbable ( like american dream ) ... 
  when i was working in london ( i am from eastern europe ) , my british friend surprised me with exact the same phrase you wrote , i have to admit until now i do not understand why he or you would think that i want to `` integrate and absorb culture '' , i hardly can imagine anybody who would want that : even friday from robinson crusoe does not seem to see why `` being civilised '' is better than `` being wild '' , and this is a novel published almost three centuries ago !, 
  from any migrants who are coming i would not expect anything more than : 1 . obeying the laws of the country 2 . doing something so cool , people want to give them money for that i see all this talk about integration condescending and chauvinistic . 
  this just does not happen even on scale of generations and centuries , there are some cultures that are incompatible and can not live together in peace . 
  some can and do . 
  there are plenty examples of both in the world , but examples of absorbing lifestyle and disappearing takes too long and we do not find many of them in history . 
  also , i do not find it desirable . 
  well , it is interesting how many responses think i am blaming somebody or put much of importance to our ads , movies , crappy news etc. 
  i have no theory or interpretation or a case against or in favour somebody or something . 
  i just restated the facts . 
  these `` devoid of critical thinking '' opinions are as widespread as reading skills in the west . 
  this is what people think/talk about the west in territories from where people come to europe . 
  this is what these people that immigrate talk about . 
  they are disappointed in every step , because for example wifi is slow , their living conditions are poor , and in the end they are just unhappy . 
  this is what they know about the continent . 
  and that is why disappointment becomes anger , why we have all these incidents . 
  they are * as * deluded and misinformed about europe * as * ignorant , self-absorbed , egoistic and feel-good about ourselves are we . 
  there is no reason they should be more informed , have more critical thinking and less delusional notions we have about them .
