  and it is clear that we do not know shit about them , we do not care , and in those rare moments when we do , our political prejudices guides us more than facts and then constructs our behaviour and worldview . 
  we are no better than them , but still thinking migrants will all be just einsteins and talents is no less strange . 
  totally agree . 
  actually thank you for your contribution , it did not cross my mind to write really important part , that this migration/smuggling business that has it 's advertising campaigns , myths are constructed ... and there is big chance that majority of redditors have not heard about it a thing . 
  i always ask interesting people where do they get their news . 
  ... and they are not letting in fellow arabs in their country !, 
   because they 're not killing each other in the sand ? 
  no , because they are not like europeans who work hard browsing reddit and facebook at work !, 
   that 's a myth fabricated in the third world . 
  agreed . 
  now it is on from europe within , because economic migrants are ashamed to admit it is a myth , so they fuel it . 
  also huge money circulates in smuggler networks , to the point of financing media and crime , but also corruption and influences in local politics in various regions africa and middle east , also enlarging ungoverned territories . 
  but i disagree we are not to blame . 
  it is more credible what others say about you than what you say about yourself . 
  also pretending to not have any agency or responsibility for what happens is the reason the crisis deepens as everybody throws problems as if it was a hot potato , prolonging crises , blocking solutions . 
  the fact that it was fabricated elsewhere or debating the origins do not give us excuse . 
  but yes , it is being fabricated in this very moment from all around the world , using movies , merkel speaches , all that falls right in place like a puzzle for that kind of myths to appear . 
  no , i did not want to imply nothing or take part in a duel of some sort , just answered to you , because it would contribute discussion the most . 
  this was just some history it does not mean it is going to happen some way or the other , just deporation [ attempts usually do not work ] ( http://www.dawn.com/news/1223954 ) and is usually easier to help maintain international order than deal with results of disorder . 
  furthermore , made it look that is what [ you should trust in the court , disregarding circumstantial evidence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/csi_effect ) . 
  it is amazing how often you hear let 's send them back and you end up in a plane that is not allowed to land and/or in the end flies home with all the `` unwanted '' . 
  even germans before the war tried to deport thousands jewish germans over the border to poland , but the polish border guards did not let them in saying `` you have thousands we have millions '' and then pointing their guns . 
  so in a matter of days thousands of jews gathered in no man 's land between germany and poland as no country permitted entry or residence . 
  you know what was later : later there was a refugee camp on polish side ( constructed with jewish charity money ) , later polish gave them visas , later the war started , poland ceased to exist , then allies that started the war broke into a fight with each other and then ha shoa started , then were the camps , then refugees from war , then israel happened that soviets were in favor of , later changed their minds and stirred up shit everywhere if it helped in cold war ... 
  well it was actually brioche , not a cake . 
  minority of syrian war refugees are coming to europe , they do not even make majority of migrants coming to europe . 
  economic migrants , who were also screwed over by the international criminals to spend their life savings/inheritance/whatever to go to a neverland . 
  then in every step they are disappointed , but still after getting the little money from some random government they just flaunt it and make a selfie in front of an expensive car on high street . 
  then there is his cousin , who sees his post on facebook and thinks maybe it is a good idea to consider selling the land , because he does not want to be a farmer , he wants to be european !, 
  and so the cycle closes . 
  and what did we expect ? 
  western film industry is all around the world usually showing an image of bunch of assholes driving expensive cars , living in big mansions partying and doing nothing all the time . 
  what is not to like about europe ? 
  building nord stream is betrayal of common market , common foreign policy , free market anti-monopoly principles of european union , also deepens economic inequality between eu states , puts more pressure on ukraine , is ecologically dangerous and wasteful . 
  it is no secret that energy is a foreign policy tool , while kremlin uses it to corrupt the political system of the west . 
  sole purpose is to test eu solidarity and check will or will not a bigger , wealthier country that gets everything cheaper than it 's smaller , poorer countries paying several times more for the same product betray principles of eu and succumb to political corruption , moral dishonesty sell out it 's partners . 
  russia are damping the price for a reason . 
  it is a clever investment to check if eu follows it 's own rules or ( as russian tv is telling everyday ) we are just a bunch of wimps and liars who only declare our commitment to peace , human rights , equality , prosperity , common market or what ever we say europe is about . 
  russia is weak compared against eu , but any single country of eu can do little in negotiations with russia , that is why dismantling or weakening of eu is strategic goal . 
   does it make any difference if a bank owned by `` the family '' instead of the state ? 
  exactly what i thought after seeing [ u/longes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wahnp/russian_production_of_tshirts_with_antiturkish/cxv73bw ) comment . 
   wait is n't that belarus in russia belarus is the target of potato jokes , on the other hand latvia goes for an obscure former soviet nation most westerners do not know shit about , so it goes well for potato [ anti-jokes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/14q1lq/collection_of_my_favorite_latvian_jokes/ ), 
  state of art soviet buk missile system is not something you can give to rebels - it is just too complicated , you need a highly trained crew , that has practiced for years . 
  they probably got lost in foreign country and downed the wrong plane . 
  about recent ( 24 november 2015 ) incident where russian sukhoi su-24m bomber aircraft was shot down by turkish air force f-16 fighter jets , not rebels again . 
  when there were attacks in volgograd lithuanians were paying hommage to victims , doing the symbols of solidarity as usual . 
  on the other hand terrorist attacks did not stop russians from celebrating new years eve , they forgot it in couple of days . 
  just on the day of attacks they showed usual slightly patriotic disaster movie and media went silent really quickly . 
  this is just different mentality . 
  some peoples give much importance to symbols and remembrance , the others like to say `` let 's not dig in what has passed '' . 
  talk about nord-ost , beslan , or moscow bombings is seen as anti-russian . 
  so both your statements are not true . 
  are you from \u0443\u043b . 
   pis win was a emotional one . 
  po ruled for 8 years , their ideals are long gone , they became the very definition of estabilishment that is how we see it from here , also . 
  i just did not know tusk has castrated the party that much . 
  about being distrustful towards russia , we all know that you can never trust somebody does not believe in partnership historically and from their point of view you can be either a vassal or a ruler . 
  if a interests coincides with b 's and b 's goal is subjugate a , then a is called a `` useful fool '' . 
  that is why i asked if he is pro-russian . 
  thanks . 
  with your permit i continue with more questions then . 
  well , putin is aiming to destroy eu because russia alone is stronger than any european country , but is powerless against eu as a whole , because union stabilises nation-states . 
  so anybody who is in favour of abolishing eu is playing for kremlin team . 
  i asked the question because videos like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tmkrbviufg where you can see a guy who said to admire putin , also saying that eu has bloods on its hands over crimea ( ! ), 
  and is against eu , berates people who come to his country to work ( not to ask for handouts ) , etc etc ; and you see a future president of rzeczpospolita polska beside him nodding along , without doubt that raises some questions for me . 
  this macierewicz guy is controversial because of what he said about jews or something more ? 
  thank you for your response . 
  just a little change in percentage is already half a million strong movement . 
  even slightest shift in rhetoric , with no opposition plus herd mentality can be greatly destabilising political landscape in a country like poland . 
  i just saw that duda was sitting next to farage in european parliament . 
  those anti-eu far-right or far-left guys are usually strongly pro kremlin no matter on what question ideologically , their solutions always coincide with russian view . 
  do you see enlargement of voting base of pis and korvin more like disillusionment , a protest against po that has not delivered the results of economical miracle in poland to average citizens , or a general movement towards russia and east in values spectre ? 
  i hope i am not annoying with my questions . 
  just an opinion from a fellow netizen may be way more insightful and informative than normal media channel . 
  is it as serious as the antidemocratic nd that in a fight for polishness assassinated first elected president accusing him to be `` freemason , atheist and a jew '' ? 
  what actually is going on in poland ? 
  beetroot originated in southwest europe , but was not popular until eastern europeans started putting it everywhere in sixteen century . 
  back then existed a country named grand duchy of lithuania ( modern ukraine/belarus/lithuania / poland , parts of latvia and russia ) where between crusades and wwii lived most of ashkenazi jews in the world and where beetroot soups have originated . 
  because combining milk with meat is prohibited in bible , there are two varieties of borsht : fleischik borscht ( with meat ) and milchik borsht ( vegetarian , same as ch\u0142odnik litewski / \u0425\u0430\u043b\u0430\u0434\u043d\u0456\u043a / \u0160altibar\u0161\u010diai / aukst\u0101 zupa / \u0425\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0434\u043d\u0438\u043a ) . 
  the most popular variety of this soup is both kosher and halal . 
  there is also second meaning for phrase `` kosher-halal '' as something good that everybody ( even warring factions ) agrees on ( a reference to sad history ) . 
  if you mean attitude of isolationism , you are right , this was common around the globe , also true that it creates deflation and shortages , and was one of the economic driving forces that led to great depression and ww2 . 
  if there was an inclusive polish nationality like in times of commonwealth , that would help create intermarium , a nato and eu in advance , a cure for the time if we let ourselves . 
  competing nationalisms of the same kind , but opposite direction does not let create such cooperative projects or unions . 
  now we have crises in eu , where member states have trouble act together instead of having unending stand-offs because dividing identity always is stronger than uniting identity . 
  eu can succeed only by being a besieged fortress , standing against the dangers of poor , hungry , thirsty , angry , cruel world that does not hold the same values of human rights and freedom . 
  there is either `` a house divided can not stand '' moment or destiny of western roman empire . 
  for intermarium to succeed you need other polish national idea to win minds . 
  this nd project with exclusivity , anti-german , anti-jewish sentiment , staunch catholicism and romantic poetry was just more successful than more ethnicly inclusive , religiously agnostic/apathic projects . 
  zeligowski mutiny pushed away republic of lithuania , treaty of riga removed belarusian peoples republic and ukrainian peoples republic out of question , anti-semitism moved strong jewish community away from state affairs . 
  it almost looks as if it was orchestrated all the way . 
  yay , chlodnik !, 
  a kosher-halal beetroot soup , pink symbol of north eastern europe . 
  greatings to poland !, 
  what about good old lita ( leeta or [ 13374 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leet ) ) . 
  oh yea , should i mention rail baltica ? 
  a project that had to connect helsinki to berlin with high speed european gauge rails . 
  when lithuanian railways started building european gauge rails to poland and spends millions on pr campaign about success ( in some places speed is less than 30km/h ) eesti expressed concerns about not being exactly the deal , there were paid articles all over media calling eesti position bitching . 
  needless to say public railway network in lithuania and latvia are bitches of russian railway system both technically and politically . 
  well , bbc during last couple of decades was a fortress of radical-feminist/politcorrectness idiocy and those examples of hypocrisy are just hilarious .
