  what would you name your streets , schools , universities after then ? 
  where would you get a marsza\u0142ek to call you cowards from , or who would sienkiewicz call louses and traitors and write his novels about ? 
  lithuanians would love to think the same as you , but they can not , as facts are just too often in the face . 
  if you want to get anywhere you need to travel through poland . 
  when you travel you just can not help and see stuff . 
  then a parochial , catholic , isolationist , proud nationalist lithuanian sees that , say his `` national '' food cepelinai \u2122 is called pyzy here . 
  it can not be true this must be some kind of a joke . 
  who would call it to sound like this ? 
  he is shocked !, 
  his world is shaking . 
  he can not believe his own eyes . 
  but later more stuff and details and little facts add up and he observes and learns . 
  about competing projects of poland and groups in society with ( probably ) incompatible mentalities , different histories , contradictory influences , styles , then he looks back at where he came from and sees the same in there . 
  just in poland people are less grumpy for some reason . 
  and stand just tad too close in public spaces . 
  and are friendlier . 
  and talk more while drinking . 
  really ? 
  livonian anthem is also the same melody . 
  this is something like a nordic cross , but for finnic peoples . 
  though creating lyrics for the same song is no new thing , as i do not even know how many anthems where inspired by marseillaise ( e.g.the original l'internationale ) . 
  glorious !, 
  oh god damn it . 
  can we already solve it or what ? 
  i know it is difficult , i know it is not popular , but for fucks sake , that is a long con and in mean time the fuckers get richer , though our economies are going down . 
  i have never signed up to bailing out aggressive private investors that pumped their stupid money to greece 's tax-evading oligarchs , though i do not see any problems with paying straight to greece budget to break even . 
  iceland is going fine as i have heard !, 
  if finlandization , according to kari suomalainen is `` the art of bowing to the east without mooning the west '' , appeasement , realpolitik to survive after a devastating war , then balticization is sudden coming out of closet with stoic , idealist , moralist , strongly principled stance in the face of adversity [ and destruction ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tl3qp9p.png ) . 
  glorious existential bluff `` rather die standing than begging '' , coming from knowledge of utter disadvantage . 
  what do you think ? 
  and denmark for that matter to have a full list . 
  i am speechless . 
  i tried googling those and have to say , could not survive 10 seconds of their comedy . 
  it was horrible . 
  maybe i am not that good in searching . 
  do you have any links i can check out . 
  that is a great idea here . 
  i love it . 
  interestingly , the term `` baltic countries '' is less than century old and at first included finland . 
  [ mandatory link  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k ), 
  my favourite, 
  bad taste , unoriginal , out of place . 
  who takes a selfie with a graffiti ? 
  while squatting ?? 
  showing hand gestures ??? 
  i will see myself out . 
  january 13 - peaceful civilians die after kgb alfa , vdv targeting media objects using tanks february 16 - independence proclamation march 11 - independence restauration july 6 - coronation day, 
  said france !, 
  : ddd, 
  plus do not forget the helicopter , plus the chief of police becoming a new prime minister . 
  here goes all nordic social model to sewer . 
  not to steal thunder , but as you started on lithuania , here is some more : the geographic term encompasses quite more than modern belarus and quite different things . 
  jewish lita is not even constrained by grand duchy of lithuania political borders . 
  also zmudz region is somewhere in western republic of lithuania ( which has been a part of different political entities , adminiatrative divisions and historical regions ) mickiewicz longed for a country no longer existant . 
  and even in his time nowogrodek , kowno , wilno , those places where very much alike , compared to rome , paris or constantinople . 
  but he would see very little of his litwa , though he did have knowledge of bielorussian at least some lithuanian , he would have very hard time explaining where he landed with time machine . 
  he is for sure a leading voice of polish romantism and paradoxically helped construct modern understanding of polish nation ( though he operated in absolutelly different terms , outdated in his time already ) i see those attempts to nationalize mickiewicz as both heart braking and ignorant of his creations . 
  but from all being in foundation of modern polish nation is probably most important legacy for a poet , than place of birth or what he used to call his ojczyzn\u0105 . 
  mickiewicz is no doubtedly a european in the best sense , but for polish he is more than byron or goethe or homer ... 
  you are right . 
  eastern european countries applied for readmission to human race , but found themselves feeling second class as citizens . 
  after looking at economy growth numbers it does not look anything like catching up , so butthurt it is !, 
  like so often in history : not on a map . 
  i have read one article comparing eastern european countries ' transition . 
  conclusion : ones that had slower transition fare worse off now ( e.g. 
  romania vs poland ) of course that does not tell much , because there are many sociological factors at play . 
  like come on , how would one know how soviet union works if even soviet central planners was constantly fed with false information , spoilage , and gaming the kpi measurements . 
  nothing in that country worked as it should . 
  and come on , how does one predict that kgb operatives , having skills , training and organisation abilities steals billions of dollars from near starving citizens , ultimately with help of criminal world hijacking whole country economy for decades to come . 
  because it just is not true . 
  not only because of bad choice of words , but also because it reduces the shock and tragedy of the warszaw uprising . 
  that kind of language is a huge disrespect to loss of life and truth . 
  fact : almost half of those with ss uniforms during warszaw uprising did not even speak german . 
  yea , exactly my firs thought : smoke flares alluding to destruction and loss of lives . 
  another is maybe it looks a tad like white/red flag . 
  and the last that it just good for football people to have it a part of a myth about the city . 
  i was just a bit confused which cities did you mean ? 
   3 relevant cities before the war ( well , 4 including vilnius ) one was handed over to ussr , / / wilno , hrodna , lw\u00f3w ? 
  wow , thank you for your explanation . 
  myth does make sense . 
  i was just wondering about that . 
  it just did not come to my mind to be comparable to a victory in a football sense . 
  hard times create strong men . 
  strong men create good times . 
  good times create weak men . 
  weak men create hard times . 
  hey , can you explain to me what these smoke things are . 
  i have seen quite often during nationalist protests used by football hooligans . 
  maybe , attempt to make white/red smoke ? 
  what is the meaning ? 
  purpose ? 
  you could not get any more polish with the answer even if you tried . 
   also , i guess you have long moustache, 
  it looks a bit like the [ ol' reddit teleki-roo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/reallifedoodles/comments/6ln0lg/pop/djzv3gn/?context=2 ), 
   climate change denialism or anti-vaccination thank you for bringing up science , as these very fine examples shows how scientific consensus spills over to larger society . 
  on the contrary , this reminds us of importance of mertonian norms and how important is scepticism in critical inquiry and disintrestedness that does not let per se much politicization or mystification of science . 
  let 's say our scientific consensus has nothing to do with people who try and ` borrow ' authority from science for their own gain . 
  every case of those incidents to me shows how important not to loose into tribal thinking during times of change , be it paradigm shift , political turmoil , war ... not to spoil your whole life 's work and reputation over a senile lapse . 
  coming back to atheism , i just remembered a former communist party leader in lithuania that was frightfully anti-independence and zealous atheist until last minute when situation changed . 
  fast forward 5 years see him in first row of church next to \u017co\u0142nierze wykl\u0119ci running for president of newly established state .
