  russian propagandist 's goal is to show every our fail and how `` decadent '' we are . 
  if our actions would be dictated by wish not to give any material for propaganda we would just try not to screw up . 
  i do not see why we `` ca n't let '' that happen or why is that bad not to be a failure for you . 
  well , this is shame and disgusting that such a stupid people have right to vote . 
  you look to me as an extremist , if we started talking about that . 
  my thoughs on your six toed neighbour is so ... 
  dark . 
  grey . 
  cold . 
  no potato . 
  only hamburgers , awesome strip clubs/drink pubs and artsy buildings . 
  such is life ... 
  quite frankly , probably only polish could read it well . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  of course belarus is with russia . 
  even for many more reasons than dictators love sticking together . 
  nothing unexpected here . 
  and i do not think anybody thinks belarus is going to turn west and show their posterior to russia anytime soon . 
  frankly , belarussians every year is talking with more and more grim voices . 
  important is to keep the notion that belarus as a nation did not just appear out of thin air in 1990 and the free world does not have to cater to rapidly chaning views of modern politicians , as history does not change depending on who comes to power or who thinks he changed his mind according to political situation . 
  anyways today is probably one of those days , that can be viewed as controversial only because somebody wants a * pure picture * , but not because it actually was controversial . 
  well here talking about inheritance of gdl , borders are not as relevant as the notions of tolerance and civic freedoms ( although only for the citizens ) as the borders changed constantly . 
  gdl means preservation and continuity of rus 's code of law , political life , culture as an undeniable part of european history , while the other part of rus that fell under mongol rule had isolated , stagnated and took in nomadic customs . 
  neither modern neither historical figures did not see reasons to put that division here , while the division of rus into two-speeds rus is what is controversial and had been a source for debate for centuries . 
  also i do not see belarussians striking off the beginnings of statehood with awesome history ( that is couple of centuries older ) in favor of later polity , namely gdl , and only limiting themselves historically to one period of many . 
  anyways even leibnitz called himself lithuanus ... 
  well , from historic and geographic point of view lithuania/litwa/lita / \u05dc\u05d9\u05ea\u05d4 is a region with common historical inheritance of nation states of lithuania , belarus , israel that had a lot of influence on formation of political thought in poland , russia and ukraine . 
  but we are talking about independent belarus , so the name of medieval polity is absolutely irrelevant to remember birth of modern nation state and would bring confusion over what we are talking about . 
  as in the same year in the same common historical capital two independent countries were established , and lithuanian republic was always was an ally of belarusian peoples republic , i do not see how you could stir a balkanese macedonia style argument about name . 
  it has not happened with estonia , not going to happen about lithuania and i think it is silly to imagine us arguing over how should [ the horse 's tail be drawn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pahonia ) in a day of remembrance of belarus independence . 
  north . 
  is cold . 
  no bulva . 
  such is life . 
  a moral high stand is probably the only thing you can preserve in face of adversity . 
  as michnik wrote in his letter to minister while imprisoned : sometimes taking a fight is not for the benefit of wining , but because of the immense meaning of the cause . 
  bnr without doubt paved the way for independent belarus . 
  this is from the same book, 
  yes , dr. grinkeviciute story is way grimmer http://www.lituanus.org/1990_4/90_4_05.htm, 
  war and war . 
  cold . 
  no potato . 
  this is life . 
  i see why you use quotes . 
   as dead as the jews in ponar very nicely put . 
  lithuanian was intended to be a language of democratic country , a language of \u03b4\u1fc6\u03bc\u03bf\u03c2 . 
  lithuanian in short time created literature , grammar and lifted the prestige of language from language of peasants to such a level the elite started learning the language . 
  if you wanted to sound posh you would never go with lithuanian language in first place . 
  i beg to differ . 
  u/nerkuras is absolutely right . 
  there is no posh lithuanian . 
  * lithuanian is a language of the masses not aristocracy . 
  from xix century and the very intention to create standard modern grammar and literature . 
  timothy snyder very eloquently compared evolution of nations of rzeczpospolita , and you can see that lithuanian achieved what belarussian still is trying to achieve : to become an established national language based on the language of common folk . 
  * for the same reason as why you do not have posh gaelic , occitan , kashubian , ukrainian , belarussian , russian , latvian , estonian , finnish , icelandic , norwegian etc. 
  because by definition if you are from aristocracy you will not speak the language of the laypeople , or if in an empire you will not speak the language of minority or colonies . 
  * vlkk regulated `` kalbos kult\u016bra '' and pronunciation is more a bureaucratic nuisance that annoys everybody and has strong soviet connotations as an institution created to usurp ethnic sentiments and direct them according to party line ( as happened with woven sashes ( tautin\u0117 juosta ) in official settings such as civil marriage registration , kolkhoz celebrations , etc ) . 
  vlkk in no way is an intellectual authority to anybody and would be totally discarded if not the law fining anybody who makes a grammar mistake or uses a `` foreign '' word say in naming himself or his company . 
  if you think vlkk standard language is posh , then [ kalbajob\u0117s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yog-le3t3ii ) is the aristocracy . 
  exactly . 
  their competitive advantage is not car fuel but rather extra services . 
  why not to open a filling station for pedestrians ? 
  you should come and see why vilnius is cool . 
  danish usually love it here , and we have a lot in common in mentality ( as opposed to swedish mentality et al. ) . 
  people migrate because they see opportunities , not for easier life . 
  everybody has ambitions . 
  in reality cleptomaniacs are not holding down for any reason longterm or short term . 
  thinking similar to yours is popular among post-soviet folks , that is the reason why alyaxandr lukasheka is still the president in belarus , even still retains the nimbus of fighter `` against mafia , new world order and zionism '' . 
  people think that after stealing for yourself so much you will get bored and steal for them some ( a common joke in soviet union ) . 
  in reality lukashenka owns more than 20 richest businessmen after him , while not being a businessman , but an honest statesman in public eyes . 
  and there are estimations that putins friends and kgb clique has moved 3 trillions usd from russia overseas just within first decade in power ( annual gdp of russia was 2 trln in 2013 ) . 
  last year they stole area comparable of ireland from other country to detriment of his own people . 
  the contract of his tightening grip in the country was lifting standard of living for average russian , while in reality all rise in economy was cheap oil money that poured when oil price rose steadily for nearly two decades . 
  now russian economy is even more dependent on oil , has not modernised or created other branches of economy - typical dutch disease - and becomes more and more unpredictable , showing that one-awesome-ruler dozen bad boyars tale may be just a tale for tv-watchers and naive foreign media . 
  ukrainian example maidan events and subsequent war showed that centralisation of power was unpopular among even common people . 
  putin had plans `` to liberate '' whole novorussia , a term that has whole new layer of pseudo-historic mythical conspiracy mumbo jumbo , maps were drawn all over areas where more dominant was russian language , but in reality russian model only moved those russian speaking ukrainians who were undecided direction of international politics ( pro-west or proeast ) or doubtful and would often choose middle road now firmly away from russian model or directions whatsoever , and even those oligarchs that were in favour of yanukovich now supported defence of ukrainian sovereignty together with newly united country . 
  these events are even more interesting as such a thing as united cause or common point of view was never a thing in ukraine and you could see how during maidan protests a little less than half looked at them favourably , while majority was silently condemning them , but after stealing crimea and common experience of defensive war you can see clearer and clearer everyday that there was a peculiar crystallisation of ideas one of those that everybody agrees is that their thieves are better than foreign thief ( with a sense of pride ) and their freedom loving cossack spirit is not able to bow down to somebody . 
  this stability in entropy level interestingly showed that ukrainian model is strong , though state apparatus is weak and nobody trusts it . 
  everybody takes matters in their own hands in natural way . 
  living in a country where state is strong and stable , there are laws majority follows , roads are ruled by rules and traffic lights it is hard to imagine that majority of world population lives by more natural laws and chaos is no less stable than empires . 
  in conclusion , what you said , while sounding local , and being popular opinion in russia and much of developing world in this particular sense proved to be not true : thieves are thieves and they have no limit + power corrupts , absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
  it is not pressure on ukraine as a country , but pressure on poroshenko and his block trying to fall to old habits of stealing public money . 
  you are right that trying to reform whole country and mindset of whole country is a risky endeavour , as falling back to old habits can happen . 
  also you pointed out that yushchenko had the least percentage of support in reelection in whole history of ukraine . 
  in oligarchic society it is rational to concentrate power . 
  if you get political power you try to rob as much public money as you can to strengthen your economic power and try to establish hold on a violence structure be it organised crime , state institution ( such as police ) or at least army of mercenaries to help you push your interests . 
  the group that does not try to get hold of all three components of power ( legal , economic , violent ) in their immediate field of influence risks to be overrun by other - stronger groups . 
  russia itself being oligarchic cleptocratic society perfectly knows the math and helps those rival groups to get stronger . 
  in this game the weakest is the one who does not play the stealing and concentration of power in expense of ukrainian nation and ukrainian state ( a reformer , pro democracy , legality , rule of law , anti-corruption guy ) . 
  this has worked for decades , but sometimes is hard to know the outcome as all the dynamics tend to become uncontrollable when one group tries to take all ( russian model ) , because then all the rest groups works against the strongest one to keep status quo ( ukrainian model ) . 
  in here we see the difference between the societies of ukraine and russia , where russians tend to like one strong thief , and ukrainians tend to support more pluralistic approach . 
  in both nations majority of inhabitants are being robbed by the powerful few , but pluralistic approach gives a sense of more freedom ( because of multitude independent actors ) and frequent changes gives hope to one become an oligarch one day , analogically to american dream, 
  this is what he said when giving resignation talk in parliament . 
  that there was immense pressure on work of his ministry from those holding the power ( political + economical + organised crime ) activelly obstructing reforms and even creating new schemes in place of dismantled old ones . 
  pressure ranges from threatening personal security of his and his family to installing `` other '' people in key positions with help of a phone call from presidents office . 
  he said he is not a poroshenko guy or any other groups guy , but is a patriot of ukraine and will not be a cover for illegal actions . 
  nobody is impressed by how good your excuses are . 
  i repeat . 
  please return your nordic card , immediately . 
  and give it to bestonia .
