do n't be , as i said , this clearly took a lot of work , i was just trying to help making it better if you redesign any of it . 
  you know ? 
  we have a really absentminded language . 
  when we talk in spanish ( at least it spain ) , we usually do n't care how we sound , like everyone is an old friend , specially on the net . 
  the usual tone is casual moving towards vulgar . 
  we only use the serious tone in special occasions . 
  but we are noble , it 's weird to find an spaniard with hurtful intentions ( and if you do , you 'll have it too clear , it will not be a misunderstanding ) . 
  we are used to having a reputation of being loud and direct , and sometimes when talking in other languages we may not be totally conscious of the seriousness or rudeness of the tone we are using , so we prefer to be the overexplaining , sorry-just-in-case , because the alternative ( being mistaken as a heartless bad mannered cunt ) is just horrifying . 
  at least that 's what happens to me and the people i 've talked about this . 
  yeah sorry , i 'm just used to talking about spain , not iberia . 
  if only we could confederate ... 
  i was just surprised i did n't know a fact so simple , i think i knew my nation-states haha, 
  i get it , my bad, 
  the netherlands have more than one country in the european continent ? 
  considering history , the strength of the catholic church and the inquisition was the reason . 
  lots stayed and their genes ( and cultural traits ) are still here , but none kept their religion . 
  i feel like my suggestion is a bit rude , this has clearly taken a lot of work , it 's just i want it to be excellent and that 's my grain of sand . 
  great work !, 
  just to be obnoxious , spain 's mountains are really weird in your map . 
  check this out : http://kerchak.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/mapa-relieve-peninsular.jpg the meseta is a word meaning something like `` table '' ( plateau , to be more specific ) . 
  mountain ranges should be around or across the meseta , not form the meseta itself ( which should be in the center of the peninsula , not in the northeast ) . 
  the northern cordillera cant\u00e1brica ( somehow a continuation of the pyrenees along the atlantic coast ) should go along the west-northeast sistema central and the north-southwest sistema ib\u00e9rico . 
  then , just end the map with the southwestern almost coastal sistemas b\u00e9ticos . 
  i was answering the other redditor that was asking for that symbol appearing in different cultures , i did n't say it 's the simplest , universal way , just lots of cultures chose that one . 
  well , lots of cultures used a swastika . 
  how would you represent the sun simply ? 
  you know , the sun , that thing almost every culture worships as life giving, 
  greece unbent ? 
  go tell tsipras, 
  wow , too soon !, 
  the netflix movie about the siege of jadotvile starts with that stuff . 
  made me look into it . 
  greed has done so much harm ... 
  i think that 's the most unnecessary tldr i 've seen, 
  some famous spanish idioms that we find funny when translated : - `` from lost , to the river '' : in for a penny , in for a pound . 
  - `` turn off the lights and let 's go '' : when saying a condition is needed to do something . 
  if that condition fails , then you [ idiom ] . 
  - `` to cost a kidney/eye of the face '' : to be expensive - `` they boil beans everywhere '' : nobody is free of guilt . 
  - `` to go from flower to flower '' : sleep with different people each time . 
  - `` there 's a cat locked here '' : when there 's something suspicious about anything . 
  - `` dress me slowly for i 'm in a hurry '' : when something is done worse fast . 
  etc, 
  there are a couple of spanish brands whose designs are just spanish idioms literally translated to english . 
  it all started after someone made a small book doing it , and we just love it now , it 's like a kind of humor itself . 
  www.superbritanico.com is one of them, 
  we say it in spain , too, 
  we can also start putting bricks up there , i 'm sure eventually the tower will be bigger than the third thanks to the add-on , after all we need just 10 meters more . 
  i do n't know , maybe an adosado , to honor our greatest architecture achievement . 
  it actually was a fancy place to move your office or rent an apartment in late 50s milan . 
  brutalism at it 's finest . 
  it 's supposed to be inspired in the medieval architecture of the area , with lower decks for storage and service , and wider , upper floors for residence . 
  that 's not in madrid but in italy . 
  our ugly buildings are different ... [ the plug ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gr2hwvi.jpg ) [ the antiqaeda ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qhzaykv.jpg ), 
  i would n't say novorossiya is a conservative area ... 
  how is that about the communist party ? 
  i did n't know we had * those * kind of teeth, 
  shower city ? 
  nope . 
  it was designed in 1955 , when the european communities had just 6 member countries , and the council of europe had 15 . 
  the number was chosen because it represents stability , unity and perfection . 
  they did think about using 15 stars ( since it was the council who commissioned the flag - although it was later used by all the european institutions ) , but they quickly changed their mind to a closed , non-growing design . 
  the ceca flag did indeed increase the number of stars with new members , but had a different design with two rows of white stars over two stripes of blue and black . 
  of course , we spaniards are a bunch of uneducated and deluded ( if not simply evil ) people ; we are pussies , whimps or basically gutless ; we lack everything and we are unable of anything ... 
  except a small elite destined to lead that mass of poor souls . 
  guess who is where in this tale . 
  he is a fascist , if you could read his post history you would see it . 
  he just is one . 
  our wheraboos are open fascists , not deluded gamers . 
  `` used by a republic '' does n't mean republican in my book ... 
  i saw the / r/ainbowroad 's name , i liked it . 
  i decided to create a republican sub , saw that any combination of the word in spanish was used for other purposes and decided to use the same principle the rainbows used . 
  and it 's shorter . 
  i have never been there , so ... go back to germany you filthy nazi ? 
  we are already trying to work by ourselves in / r/epublica without bothering anyone, 
  could n't put it better . 
  they are great until they hit the warranty length . 
  after some months they start to fail and are a bottomless pit of money, 
  my french horn was made in czechoslovakia and is still sounding just fine, 
  for a reason, 
  weird , i recently learnt most of the `` italian '' olive oil is spanish ( better ) oil they just import to rebrand ... 
  well , our food is not `` made '' ( manufactured ) , people think about industrial processing , and there were are n't very well thought of , even by spaniards ourselves ... 
  i guess we have to blame the `` socialist '' deindustrialization that made us a country of 1st and 3rd sectors , so volatile and risky of unemployment, 
  kemalism was somehow socialist-inspired ? 
  i get it now , i was surprised i did n't understand why you could consider a big income breach something desirable , but of course everything is relative . 
  on a side note , would n't country a be much more expensive for 50kers than country b for 40kers ? 
  i mean , if 80 % of people make between 40k and 60k , prices will stay affordable for them , but if the 80 % makes between 50k and 1m , looks like those 50k will be much less valuable than those 40k ... edit : really more of a `` like i 'm 5 '' question than a `` what do you have to say to that '' one . 
  i do n't know much about economy and i 'd love to know more . 
  wow , calm down , i just happen to think that way , i 'll look it up and check if i 'm not right , but meanwhile you breath a couple times ok ? 
  in spain both each apartment and each house has a heater , either an electric tank or a gas tankless heater . 
  7 billions is unsustainable . 
  we have to slow down . 
  1.5 is sustainable . 
  is it not bad to live with more class divide ? 
  and still they exist, 
  we had our part , it was a co-production , watch the intros . 
  the problem here is defining continents following political or cultural paradigms . 
  i do n't think continents should be defined that way , but that 's my opinion , mostly because we may find ourselves changing what a continent is within a lifetime . 
  or having israel , turkey and cyprus as european countries or not depending of who is talking . 
  if we follow strict physical boundaries , and we accept europe is a continent , turkey is a bicontinental country as much as russia , spain ( canary islands , ceuta and melilla are in africa ) , etc. 
  and israel will never be an european country , if we accept cultural or political boundaries , then siberia is europe , thrace is not and half of cyprus is n't , either .
