tu 95 eh not really , it 's slower , flies lower and carries about half as much ordnance as the b52, 
  more like a sleeping frankenstein . 
  yeah it might wake and be really powerful , or it might just rip its stitches and fall apart, 
   or a no-go after a certain threshold - say , 1.5 x that of the native population . 
  ironically that criteria would actually restrict a lot of inter-european migration whilst also still allowing middle eastern migrants access to many countries because of the large variance in crime rates between different european countries . 
  on an unrelated note that guy is also some kind of [ next level weeaboo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/myq4v/iama_diehard_anime_fan_who_has_raised_his_8yr_old/ ), 
  http://www.standard.co.uk/news/crime/marta-ligman-london-canal-murder-victim-was-young-polish-delicatessen-worker-who-lived-in-harlesden-10246697.html www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2381922/daniel-pelka-trial-haunting-final-image-boy-4-starved-beaten-death-parents.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3050621/a-final-farewell-chloe-mother-nine-year-old-girl-raped-murdered-polish-migrant-calais-lovingly-touches-daughter-s-coffin-funeral-attended-hundreds.html the polish are all murderers , murderers i say !, 
  kick them out of this country !, 
  obviously i do n't actually believe that , i 'm just trying to illustrate if you 're willing to dismiss vast groups of people based on a handful of anecdotes it 's piss easy to find the stories to satisfy your prejudices, 
  [ `` we are going to build a wall . 
  you 're going to pay for the wall '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m1cos/today_refugees_tomorrow_terrorists_eastern/cvb6bcf ), 
   he thinks a system like worldnews have where you can only post up to three threads about the same story would maybe be a good idea so almost like an limit on immigration threads ? 
  an immigration quota , if you will ? 
   turkey and the lebanon can take this much refugees because they let them rot in a camp . 
  here 's a crazy idea , help turkey and lebanon out a bit so less of them rot in camps ? 
  maybe if the wider international community helped out a bit there would n't be literal millions `` rotting in camps '' it 's also worth noting that only about a third of syrian refugees in turkey are in an official camp . 
  turkey has ~ 2 million syrian refugees or about 2.5 % of the population jordan has ~ 1.4 million syrian refugees or about 17 % of the population ( also loads of palestinians and iraqis ) , talk about drawing the short end of the stick on their immediate neighbors . 
  lebanon has ~ 1.2 million syrian refugees or about 26 % of the population . 
  anyway we 'd really appreciate if those countries just held onto those guys because europe 's having a migrant crisis right now , thanks . 
   you 're an aussie so of course it 's easy to judge . 
  the exact same debate is happening over here and has been for the last five years and i 've heard all these talking points a million times before . 
  it 's the same climate of hysteria where like 200 people making landfall on a boat is somehow worthy of being front page news across dozens of newspapers ( that 's like half a planeload of people by the way ) . 
  the media do n't care they only want to sell papers and ad space . 
  then the politicians get a hold of it `` will the government think of the children '' , `` the opposition wants the migrants to come and take our jobs and rape our women '' they do n't fucking care either , they 're smart enough to know it does n't fucking matter they only want something easily digestible to use to pander to their respective demographics . 
  and people fucking eat it up , and the media gives the people what they want and it 's all this self-perpetuating cycle and i 'm fucking sick of it . 
  and reddit is the fucking worst , at least on an actual news site you actually have to scroll past the article to start commenting , here so many just do n't even bother . 
  and then you 've got that french op there , trying to pretend he cares about the life of some syrian child when he has a long post history of almost exclusively `` fuck the filthy muslims coming to this country fucking immigrants '' yeah mate , sure thing . 
   you feel very strongly about this for not being affected by it . 
  for talking about whiners , this : pot kettle etc. 
  and for the record , i 'm british . 
   also , you should be aware that the downvote button is not a disagree button . 
  i know right , tell that to the guy who had me at -1 between when i posted that first comment and when i refreshed the page like a second later . 
   from a nationalist standpoint you ca n't let your nation be overwhelmed by refugees tell that to the fucking turks with 2 million refugees , the lebanese with 1.4 million . 
  when you see someone like slovakia shitting their collective national pants over the prospect of taking 200 or so refugees all i can see is a bunch of whiners, 
  what an arsehole right ? 
  he should have just stayed in that makeshift overcrowded tent city in the turkish border with winter approaching , or maybe been one of 800000 or so quasi-homeless vagrants currently running around turkey . 
  and the fucking turks !, 
  allowing those migrants to cross over to europe , i mean i know 1 in 40 people living in turkey might be syrian refugees at the moment but have n't they heard that europe is having a migrant crisis right now ? 
  ( it 's in all the papers ) eidt rip inbox , how stupid of me to make a moderately humanitarian comment on / r/europe, 
  i know , it 's easy enough to grab it from the url . 
  but ... why ? 
  why on earth did you link to a wayback archive ? 
  according to / r/europe you need to live within 500m of the front line to not be economic migrant . 
  and if you move further afield than an immiadtly adjacent country you 're always an economic migrant . 
  well there is the australian tv series `` go back to where you came from '' which takes people on the kind of journey that asylum seekers take . 
   russian initials , ss , intentionally mimic those of the nazi  `` we will either win or the russian people will die . '', 
  seems to be missing the fact that if `` his '' team had their way the russian people would be dead ... 
  i seem to remember ghaddafi being on the verge of retaking benghazi before the west intervened but whatever you say mang . 
  under the thumb of a brutal dictator ? 
  not huge improvement from the libyans perspective but probably able to exert enough sovereignty over its territory to prevent the country to fall into anarchy where criminals like these people smugglers can basically run the show in some areas . 
  either way hollande and cameron were very gung ho to start dropping jdams but a lot more reluctant to put money and effort into ensuring that libya would be a functioning state . 
  but regardless of where they are from they are only able to depart in such numbers because libya is currently in an anarchic state and is unable to do things like police its own maritime borders , which is a pretty direct result of `` bombing into chaos '' ect . 
  reminds me a lot of iraq , removing dictators is all well and good but you need a plan on what to do after the dictator gets removed otherwise all you do is replace authoritarianism with anarchy . 
  marching in lock-step with brent crude , as per usual, 
  german john oliver ? 
  edit : wow the host is even called oliver , shit 's uncanny, 
  australia u s t r a l i a, 
  well the snp have said they support electoral reform , maybe there is some hope . 
  or maybe now they 've made the big leagues they 'll just quietly drop it from their manifesto . 
  it 's pretty bad to be honest , you have all the problems that allowed those horribly skewed british results ( ukip 1 seat , grn 1 seat , snp 50 odd seats despite comparable vote counts ) eg . 
  single member first past the post districts . 
  except you have added gerrymandering in your congressional elections , and in the presidential elections the electoral college causing a wyomingite 's vote to be worth three or four texan or californian votes and so on . 
  the two-party systems disguises some of theses issues , but you can really see the problems when a significant third party arises . 
  like the other guy said , there are plenty of blatantly superior voting systems . 
  like the one ireland uses , as a matter of fact . 
  your d\u00e1il uses a single transferable vote in multi-seat constituencies , whereas the uk uses first past the post in single seat constituencies . 
  such horribly skewed results , such as the greens or ukip getting very low seat counts for proportionally high vote counts would be far less likely in your country . 
  well they got just very slightly less than half of scotland 's votes ( 49.973 % ) , but they got 56/59 ( or 94.9 % ) of the scottish seats in parliament . 
  hehe , i did n't even realize the artist was polish, 
  why did n't you invest in [ dank memes ] ( http://imgur.com/a/booos ), 
  i 'm having trouble believing that given that 400km is the systems maximum advertised range . 
  i feel like you 're overselling the s-400 here . 
  certainly a very potent weapon system , but in reality just an incremental upgrade of the 1978 vintage s-300 system , a system whose capabilities are thoroughly known to the us and it 's allies because they are operated by slovakia , a nato member . 
  definitely means trouble for the israelis , who do n't operate any stealth aircraft and could be facing a large decrease in their ability to strike at iran ( unless they blow them up in their crates , like they allegedly did in syria , but that would be a bold move even for the israelis ) . 
  but for the americans with b-2s and f-22s it 's much less of an issue . 
  il n ' y a point de tombeau fran\u00e7ais . 
  that 's the problem , he has to keep escalating his diversions to divert from his last diversion , he 's caught in a viscious cycle doing ever sillier stuff, 
   general stupidity of making a plane it 's not `` a '' plane , it 's three planes . 
  the usn needed a stealth fighter to operate off of its carriers . 
  the us marines , british , spanish and italian navies needed a stovl to replace their antique harriers and operate off of their smaller aircraft carriers . 
  and like a million different air forces wanted a single-engine stealth aircraft to replace their f-16s . 
  as expensive as developing thef-35 has been , developing a harrier replacement , an f-16 replacement and an f-18 replacement as three separate projects would have been more expensive . 
  after 10 years of middle eastern wars , it 's a little strange seeing american amry vehicles painted green, 
  if you already speak a latin language , you could probably read esperanto without too much trouble, 
  i meant in terms of inequality adjusted hdi, 
   everyone seemed to own a car . 
  given the state of your average american city 's public transport network , a car is a necessity for most people , whereas in many places in europe , the poor can afford to not own a car , in america that often is n't an option . 
   even lower class homes were bigger than expensive ones here the us has a population density of 32/square km , the uk has a density of 255/square km . 
  having bigger houses does n't necessarily make them richer , it just means the land is less valuable . 
  re-read your comment edit : it 's been entertaining watching the vote counts on this comment fluctuate as the americans wake up and then go back to sleep, 
  it 's not terrible but it 's still behind all of western europe save for portugal, 
  anyone can claim asylum . 
  whether you 'll be taken seriously or not it another matter . 
  after you apply you 'll have to wait a very long time to find out if you 've been accepted or not . 
  does having a fake syrian passport help with any of that ? 
  well someone seems to think so , given what 's discussed in the article , and someone hailing from a war-torn country is certainly more likely to be a legitimate refugee , so it might help if its a convincing enough fake . 
  [ rough weekeend ] ( http://www.satirewire.com/news/jan02/australia.shtml ), 
  australians , like the passenger pigeon , migrate to colder climes during the hot summer months, 
  this is a common misconception , the confusion is caused by the australian tradition of wearing sandals as swimwear bottoms and string based underwear on your feet, 
  australian , ama,
