i 'm afraid that your brain capacity is probably too small to comprehend that . 
  as a little kid i and my family went on a ski holiday for one 1 week in bulgaria , i remember that there was a store in the little town we were staying they had a shop with really really cheap nintendo advance games . 
  it was like heaven . 
  ow and i can remember that the ski instructor was called boris and could actually speak dutch and was very kind . 
  sometimes it is very interesting to read how the russian government thinks about events , it 's just not a reliable a source . 
  it should n't be ignored , but also not used for a reliable source . 
  i live in a purple area and i still think that a city that size is pretty big . 
  honestly , this does n't say anything to me . 
  the maker picked 9 random subreddits from countries and it came out that the uk uses the least amount of ` kind words ' . 
  i think picking 9 country subreddits is just not enough to get a good comparison of the behaviour of one subreddit to others . 
  and you do n't have any sources at all . . 
  most of the dutch fire trucks ( if not all ) are also from mercedez . . 
  good guy putin , makes sure the natural habitat of the innocent russian tanks are recoverd , so they can roam free again . 
  yea , a year ago we 've travelled from the netherlands to spain avoiding all the highways , and apart from my home country and a little piece of belgium it was all hills up to the pyrenees and a similar scenario for this year on a trip to sweden . 
  overall the netherlands is way flatter than denmark actually , only some specific area 's in the netherlands has some hills . 
  i only realise that the netherlands ' flatness is actually special when i go on a holiday to other countries , when the flattest place you go trough is the start of your journey no matter how far you travel through europe , maybe i should appreciate it more :|, 
  they better have a shirt with a print of putin riding a bear while holding some soviet weapons , or i would be dissapointed . 
  is n't that actually the coal powerplant right next to the borssele nucleair powerplant ? 
  i live at less then 10km away from those plants , but i 'm not sure . 
  is n't it needed to ask permission to the ukrainian government to give aid support , since that operation is happening in the ukraine ? 
  maybe a bit off topic , but i 've been subscribed to this subreddit for a while , and have seen that a decent amount of americans comment here too , so i 'm wondering for a while now ; what is the interest from subscribers in the us in this subreddit ? 
  does it need a message ? 
  why is it so hard for you to argue with people without continuously offending them ? 
  if you want to make your view on certain points believable you should n't argue like a 10-year-old . 
  i would n't call 1988 `` not too long ago '' , but the ukraine also shot a civilian aircraft down once . 
  that does n't justice anything happening here however . 
  this is really sad and tragical , like all these kind of incidents . 
  as far as i know the only influence the west has on this war is sanctioning russia in terms of money , but other than that they have n't done much there . 
  2 years of work and then someone decided to just destroy it , such a shame , but the new subreddit is doing really great though !, 
  hey , what subreddit did you use for the netherlands , / r/netherlands or / r/thenetherlands ? 
  the only sentence i remember is `` je ne parle pas fran\u00e7ais '', 
  ow haha , i thought you meant that they could n't get more people to make a longer line that goes past pamplona :p, 
  someone else posted a comment saying around 150.000 people participated and they had to run a double line on some parts to let all the people participate in the line . 
  i find this quite impressive . 
  that used to be limburg ( part of the netherlands ) , but got a different colour for some resason , like zeeland ( also in the netherlands ) but zeeland is half-gone so guess i now life underwater ... 
  a similar map has already been posted , but from the world in total . 
  someone has commented on that post with a better quality map and a map with all the continents apart . 
  ( including europe --  this map ) . 
  i think that op has this map from there . 
  does anyone know in how many countries conchita tops in the itunes download charts ? 
  what you are trying to explain is no excuse for the healthcare situation , the difference of healthcare is just because of the government . 
  the us government is more to the right than most ( if not all ) eu countries . 
  this means that you have more economical freedom thus less taxes ( or at least it should be ) , because you do n't pay those additional costs . 
  and therefore you do n't have free healthcare . 
  it 's just a decision your government makes . 
  ( more economical freedom or more assurance ), 
  flaw number one : the title . 
  you mean the car brand jaguar ? 
  oh wow , thanks !, 
  i have never seen this infomation , this changes my perspective on ttip completely . 
  i try to read into all this when i find the time . 
  i do n't think there is a lot to `` realize '' since there is almost no insight or information on what is in the ttip . 
  it depends here , if i need say my e-mail adress ( or any other for that matter ) i say '' at '' , but as a standalone i wil still say '' apenstaartje '' ( monkeytail ) . 
  does anyone know where the 4th picture is taken ? 
  it looks beautiful !, 
  we can also deport all the groningers to flevoland v2 and transform groningen into one big gas field , this way we have a ton of gas and we can get rid of those groningers . 
  that 's a win-win i 'd say !, 
  flevoland v2 in the making . 
  yea man , he is all about protecting the ukrainians you know . 
  he loves that country so much , he could n't take the risk of them getting hurt so he just took some parts of it to make sure you are all safe !, 
   ( looking at you , france ) looking at you / u/dclauzel !, 
  the word used to be meaningful someday , now somehow every thread is some kind of `` circlejerk '' according redditors . 
  they were n't . 
  this event has nothing to do with mh17 . 
  this newspaper probably wanted more publicity by publishing some kind of sensationalised title . 
  yea that 's indeed pretty anti-erdogan . 
  i do n't like that man at all either , but nos should at least interview someone who is in favour of him . 
  i 've never experienced most you said . 
  i do n't read any newspaper written down in your comment so i can say anything about that , but i do n't recognise your criticism towards nos as i always believed them to be pretty neutral . 
  i think when he was referring to `` peope '' , he was talking about religion not ethnicity , like the rest of the thread . 
  i do n't really understand your comment , are you saying that people associate themselves as christian even though they do n't follow it anymore ? 
  or did i understand that wrong ? 
  i think this needs to be said much more here . 
  i see people criticising professionals a lot here like everyone here knows much better . 
  human being line breaks : human being pronunciation : / hju\u02d0m\u0259n\u02c8bi\u02d0\u026a\u014b / definition of human being in english : noun a man , woman , or child of the species homo sapiens , distinguished from other animals by superior mental development , power of articulate speech , and upright stance . 
  a fetes or embryo is not a human being . 
  enough cells to give the baby/embryo brain activity , a pumping heart and nerve system which all develops in the 5th week : `` week 5 week 5 is the start of the `` embryonic period . '', 
  this is when all the baby 's major systems and structures develop . 
  the embryo 's cells multiply and start to take on specific functions . 
  this is called differentiation . 
  blood cells , kidney cells , and nerve cells all develop . 
  the embryo grows rapidly , and the baby 's external features begin to form . 
  your baby 's brain , spinal cord , and heart begin to develop . 
  baby 's gastrointestinal tract starts to form . 
  it 's during this time in the first trimester that the baby is most at risk for damage from things that may cause birth defects . 
  this includes certain medications , illegal drug use , heavy alcohol use , infections such as rubella , and other factors . '', 
  http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/002398.htm before these developments the embryo is not a human being . 
  even the following weeks after this week the organs are not developed enough ( lungs still are not there yet , blood does n't circulate trough the body , brain still is n't fully developped , etc. . ) for an embryo to live on it 's own . 
   even healthcare *** included *** ... 
  i doubt he did , if he only would have read only the first fucking sentence of just the summary he would have seen that the question has been mentioned in the most literal form . 
   imo , they are not really popular touristy places unlike greece/italy/spain . 
  croatia * is * a very popular tourist destination , i have been there 2 times myself , it 's an awesome country , but especially the coast is full of tourists . 
  they tend to be always more popular than any government well , not really surprising considering that the royal family does n't have to make the decisions . 
  the result on the first page of googles images now after searching for `` nsb uniform '' http://i.imgur.com/ir6hfvw.png ... 
  yea , but the usd also has it 's peaks and lows , the last two years the usd has been very strong . 
  the cad also shows the same trend as the euro . 
  i do n't understand what your source proves , i 'm only getting that the last two years the dollar has been very strong in comparison the the euro . 
  how does a strong usd currency prove anything about the euro ? 
  we had a swiss intern at the company , she did n't know about the existence of cheese slicers either before she came here . 
  edit : spelling,
