  going trough * changes * . 
  and yes , czechs have every right to be mad about current situation because she 's , under disguise of democracy , basically * forcing * her decision on a sovereign country . 
  not only you , but everyone who voted against ( and all the others whose politicians voted pro-quotas , against their peoples ' will ) got outplayed in this `` democratic '' plot . 
  it 's a bullshit mechanism . 
  people were not informed ( at least in croatia ) about true meaning of quotas , and even less about the consequences they might have ( what is 2 % of unlimited ?! ) . 
  worst of all , people were n't even consulted . 
  no referendum , no discussion in parliament . 
  it simply happened . 
  headlines in the news at the time were , i quote `` eu has decided on quotas '' . 
  sadly , silver lining is that croatia is in deep shit already , so it 's almost insignificant number of people . 
  at least for starters . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have no problem with us helping even more , if it 's within our possibilities . 
  what i do have problem with is the * way * that decision was implemented and in a manner forced on us . 
  that 's not democracy . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's another word for such social structure , which does n't have such a nice and progressive ring to it . 
  so , yes , you are very right when you say that our politicians have failed us . 
  croatia has n't boarded on `` anti-migrant '' bandwagon just yet ; but with current situation , with hungary borders closed , slovenians and austrians are not allowing free pass and people are starting to pile up on serb-cro border ; it 's probably only matter of time when those who are not so fond of these new circumstances become more vocal . 
  their reasoning is quite simple . 
   we fought turks for centuries . 
   turks are muslims . 
   it was hard and unfair fight , but we won nonetheless . 
  ( amazingly , croats almost always win - even if we lose , we 're still at least second best - according our history books ) we defended christianity . 
  we defended europe . 
  europe is we 're we want to be . 
   these migrants are muslims . 
   they are coming to * our * europe . 
   is this what we fought for ? 
   * hell , no !, 
  * with our politicians , spending more energy fighting one another than actually solving problems at hand ; because , hell , pre-election time ; there 's quite a good possibility that those who are vocal gain enough support to start dealing with problems themselves . 
  anyway , i went much away from topic ... hopefully you 'll forgive me , since its quite late and i 'm tired . 
  what i was trying to say ( so clumsily , trough this wall of text ) is that i have lot of empathy for czechs , slovaks and even hungarians who are unjustly painted less humane just because they 're using reason first and hart second . 
  it 's unfair . 
  and we , croats , will probably join you soon , when reality slaps us hard in the face . 
  sla ( v ) high ! \u270b east-bump !, 
  in my previous comment i was putting more emphasis on pm 's statement alone ; for he tried to * preach * to property owners from morally higher ground and gain some cheap sympathy from everyone who condemns such conduct of business ; not so much on one of basic rules of economy . 
  but of course you are right . 
  when supply is too low , prices tend to skyrocket . 
  and nobody can blame those business owners for seizing the opportunity . 
  most of people who care about their business would do the same . 
  slightly off topic , but i feel like getting it off my chest . 
  anyway , one thing in this migrant crisis i find quite curious , and , frankly , very annoying . 
  politicians tend to make decisions affecting far more people than they have jurisdiction over ( including people who have no saying in their respective elections ; i.e. 
  people from * other * countries ) ; expecting everyone to comply with their decisions and then acting all hurt and offended when it does n't happen . 
  there 's obvious lack of agreement , coordination and common vision between responsible ones ; from the highest level , downwards . 
  why than they expect from citizens to understand , let alone help to ease the situation ? 
  even assuming citizens do understand , not everyone is on board with their decisions and not everyone would * want * to help . 
  it 's people 's right , since we 're living in progressive communities , right ? 
  ( * right ?!, 
  * ) imho , politicians are failing to see that their current position is * asking * for help ; not ( yet nor here anyway ) * ordering * . 
  it would probably benefit them to tone down the rhetoric , develop a sustainable plan ( which does n't necessarily include solving whole world 's poverty at once ) and offer some compensation for services rendered because not everyone is as altruistic as they ( apparently ) are . 
  sorry for ranting . 
  i guess i 'm actually more annoyed than i was aware . 
  while i appreciate his ( try of ) noble notion , i 'm not really buying it . 
  it 's baffling that someone at his position could be so clueless about business world . 
  every day people are profiting from way more morally dubious decisions . 
  and it 's not really a secret . 
  bottom line , i call * populism * on this one . 
  an appeal to emotions , so the ones who did n't do it ( i.e. 
  majority ) could feel slightly better about themselves . 
  reflects well on pm 's popularity . 
  curious case of [ free staylo ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=r2qlrxikwjw ) . 
  btw , i can already see that dude from the video , standing by dude from the picture , being moral support as well as music background ; singing a serenade ... futfutfut !, 
  not squatting ?!, 
  non-slav checks out . 
  you seem fun to play with . 
  i 'll try my luck with ( stereotypically ) educated guess and say bosnian living in switzerland . 
  e : for the record , i did not check your history . 
  so , surprise me !, 
  ... i know nothing ; but could he , perhaps , contact the nearest swedish embassy/consulate in germany ; try to explain situation and make some arrangements with them instead ? 
  what are the chances this could work ? 
  well , * tehnically * , you 're fucking it even if you do n't toss them out , soooo ... :d, 
   because she wants these flows to continue . 
  but why ? 
  what is motivation behind this ? 
  and to what extent ? 
  i would honestly appreciate if someone could offer some answers to those questions . 
  i 've spent decent amount of time following this topic , but i 'm simply failing to see any logic behind what 's happening . 
  all this talk about r/europe being anti-or pro- migrant is already quite tiresome . 
  this is an open discussion forum . 
  and one who is interested in hearing arguments from both sides will appreciate this opportunity to do so . 
  majority will always be more inclined towards one side . 
  which side prevails at given moment is less relevant , unless one is looking to board the karma train . 
  if , on the other hand , goal is to lead an informed discussion , there should n't be any butthurts because of up/down votes . 
  there , have some of my idealism !, 
  `` it 'll be okay in the end . 
  if its not okay ; it 's not the end just yet ! '', 
  if i 'm lucky enough to survive to enjoy my pension ( wishful thinking ) , iceland seems like the perfect place to move to . 
  just enjoy some elf company ; grow my hair and wait to die . 
  in my experience , it only gets me into more problems ... e : oh , * a * mug ; as in singular !, 
  i guess this is the step i keep failing at . 
  for his ( hers ? ), 
  immaculate sense of inappropriate humor ? 
  it 's such a rare trait , and i tend to like people possessing it quite a bit . 
   you think right-wing radicals are the only idiots on social media ? 
  * any kind * of radicals are likely to be idiots on social media . 
  on topic , to me it does slightly reek of sensationalism . 
  good thing then they were n't on their way to italy . 
  that would be an unpleasant surprise ... 
  ouch !, 
  stop acting * fucky * with my brain , please !,
