  lol ) work shift . 
   i could n't think of something that makes you sober slap on the face . 
  that makes people sober . 
  maybe even cures homeopathy . 
  they should definitely give it a try . 
  or maybe his fingers are too big for his keyboard ? 
  on serious note , why not ? 
  i use my phone to write e-mails which are often longer than most today 's articles . 
  so , there 's that . 
   an immigrationcountry  hipsterpeople intentionally or not , you * coined * those words quite germanely . 
  you ca n't . 
  you shut up !, 
  of course we are . 
  the only difference is , we lost some sense of humor while moving westwards . 
  plus that religious thingy ... 
   what surprises me the most is that he was captured in egypt and even in a f * cking capital . 
  according to some newspapers , he had been followed and surveyed for some time , which is `` typical '' mo. 
  mind boggling is that they did n't know he was croatian ( again , according some sources ) ; rather they thought he was french when they took him . 
  so , they knew his daily routine , but were n't quite sure who he was ?!, 
  that should rise some eyebrows . 
  [ osijek , croatia ] ( http://imgur.com/cwrlnpa ) i find this one quite cool . 
  people it portrays are famous croatian scientists . 
  and then , there 's nikola tesla . 
  ^ ( and ^ superhero ^ maltese ^ knight , ^ who , ^ my ^ best ^ guess ^ is , ^ watches ^ tesla 's ^ back ?! ) . 
  until arbitration with serbs on tesla 's nationality is settled , i feel obliged to name him separately . 
  in the name of balkan 's peace . 
  yep , definitely does n't help his case . 
  it 's quite beautiful . 
  i have quite weird , love-hate relationship with venice . 
  on one hand it 's very unique , with gorgeous art and architecture , and interesting street life . 
  on the other hand all the garbage and odors ... 
  i ca n't really decide if i adore it or hate it . 
  i only know that it 's never quite in the middle and keep coming back to it . 
  everything you said above pretty much translates to croatia , too . 
  there is a silver lining , though . 
  i find it fascinating how free-spirited they are and , hence , inspiring for artists . 
  it is best portrayed in kusturica 's movies . 
  dear op , * crna macka , beli macor * is a * must watch * to get the idea what i 'm talking about . 
  also , there is an amazing documentary about largest roma community in macedonia , named * shutka , the book of records * . 
  i definitely recommend watching it , not only because it 's genuinely funny but also to get a grasp how flamboyant these people are , to say the least . 
  ^ e : formatting ^ on ^ mobile ^ is ^ hard :|, 
  i have n't been following grexit much here on r/europe , so i do not really know how community perceives it , but i 'm wondering who precisely do you mean when you say  poorer/newer members of europe ? 
  it 's just ; as a croatian , i can ( try to ) assure you that we 're on the very edge of our seats , following the development in greece . 
  we 're well aware we might be the next ones to be in the similar situation . 
  it 's no fun . 
  and there 's definitely no place for judging and pitchforking against greeks . 
  no , that 's dick on the move . 
  yep . 
  those were some dark ages for our countries . 
  happily reporting , though , it has brightened up a bit since ; as evident from the image . 
  a bit of luck and a bit of braveness . 
  i like happy endings like this one . 
  if only they occurred more often . 
  * ... scrolls to the last picture ... * yes sir , apparently you are . 
  on a * leash * . 
  my phone knows no urban words . 
   home-made feeling puny , are we ? 
  +1 for croatian police . 
  just do n't be a smartass . 
  they absolutely * despise * smartasses and it 's almost definitely a one way ticket to unnecessary trouble . 
  relax , it was just a prank . 
  i know it might sound trivial from an internet stranger , but i 'm honestly sorry for what 's happening to you , your city and your people . 
  to some extent i do empathize with you and feel as well angry and frightened . 
  hopefully all you care about are safe and sound . 
  take care . 
  stay safe . 
  it 's not some opinion . 
  it 's common sense . 
  it 's horrifying ; watching * your * city becoming a silent war zone . 
  what really sends the chills down my spine is that , unlike the proper warfare , now anyone , anytime can become victim and pay the ultimate price . 
  or worse . 
  no more honor in fighting for ideals ( whichever those might be ) . 
  sooooo , yeah . 
  sadly , politicians are rarely in touch with reality of an ordinary citizen . 
  they do n't use public transport ; hell , they go to work in bulletproof vehicles . 
  so , chances are probably bigger that they 'll get hit by a meteor than from a random car - bomb plant on the street ( * statistics pulled out of my ass ; so if someone could do mathematics ... 
  i 'm no good in computing * ) . 
  what 's to follow , as it usually does after such tragic event , is most infuriating . 
  there will be plenty of statements of `` regrets '' ; `` condolences to families '' , but political will to realize that their politics has great role in such tragic events and that they should at least reconsider it , will remain non existent . 
  which enhances the odds of such tragedy happening again . 
   `` fu * k all white men '' now , that would be an epic undertaking . 
  slippery slope ? 
  considering what has happened , i doubt safe zones would be much of help . 
  women will probably be extra cautious , be accompanied and avoid anyone remotely suspicious anyway . 
  however , it is carnival . 
  and carnival is all about fun , right ?!, 
  so , in order to make the best of the situation , i 'd definitely mask as a man . 
  hell , just to be on a safe side ; i 'd urge as many women as i can to do the same ; and men to mask as women . 
  it 's such a perfect opportunity to give them an intro into what liberal society is all about . 
  you can be * anyone * you want . 
  especially at carnival time . 
  and , if they still choose to be rapists at that special time when you can be anyone ; oh well , they 'd be playing russian roulette with concealed `` wursts '' underneath lady 's garments . 
  not sure if i should laugh or cry . 
  oddly , this reminds me of year walk ( \u00c5rsg\u00e5ng ) , a swedish tradition , of which i found out by playing an amazingly creepy game of the same name . 
  now , my knowledge of scandinavian and baltic traditions is very limited , so im curious to know are these two somehow related ? 
  uk should seriously rethink complying to your username . 
  i 've seen them , alright . 
  hipster-wear , 101 . 
  that 's just sad . 
  poor man .
