  but you got me curious . 
  how do you make one ? 
  oh come on now !, 
  coffee drinking is croatian national sport !, 
  although , it is a marathon - we do like to take our time with coffee ; talking and contemplating over single cup - rather than sprint ( espresso ) . 
  so that might explain quality over quantity . 
  but tea ? 
  personally , only in case of medical * emergency * . 
  tastes defer i guess . 
  it really is a case of bad luck . 
  wildfires in summer are quite common here . 
  we are used to that and our emergency teams are well prepared . 
  however , i can not recall that fire of these proportions ever got so close to densely populated area . 
  please stay safe !, 
  and please listen to above op 's instructions . 
  like , literally mostar is burning ? 
  how come r/bih is so quiet ? 
  we all do . 
  i 'm kinda far away atm , but have lots of family and friends in split . 
  and even if i did n't have my people there , my heart would be braking seeing this happen . 
  it 's beyond scary at this moment . 
  i keep waiting for good news , and it seems that every bit of good news is followed with few horrid ones !, 
  i really hope the wind stops so firefighters can do their thing !, 
  this night will be tough . 
  but they are practically men of steel !, 
  so much kudos to them !, 
  especially volunteers !, 
  not helping if there 's no electricity , no ? 
  no direct fire caused casualties , thankfully . 
  but one man died of heart attack . 
  split is in danger , though . 
  for reals !, 
  first world problems at their finest !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm sure your parents are nice people who work hard in order to afford it . 
  i just find it a bit funny . 
  complaining that madeira is too expensive so egypt would do . 
  tl ; dr in order to successfully use your eid : step 1 : be literate in technology you 're using step 2 : do n't be illiterate - | | - step 3 : restart your device in all seriousness , though , thank you for this insightful comment !, 
  will save it for later ; when the hard times come . 
  tell me about it . 
  i do n't mean to one up you , but true story : i made mine 2 weeks before introduction of a new one . 
  came to pick it up ; saw a flyer and immediately applied for chipped one . 
  i have it now but forgot to get that token . 
  : / as soon as i would need it , tho , i 'll just go and pick it up because it can save you some serious time queuing . 
  right now you can use it for identification and online log in . 
  however , this idea with putting all other personal necessities in terms of cards sounds quite interesting , to say the least . 
  hopefully we see that happen soon !, 
  we do have chipped ids since 2015 ; iirc . 
  and for some reason it does n't make me ( personally ) uncomfortable at all . 
  if anything , i feel it 's sensible . 
  edit : plus , they have this perk where you can use a token to log into your profile with our government and get most of your documents online . 
  rumor has it ; since i have n't used it yet ; but it sure sounds like a nice shortcut trough bureaucracy . 
  i am very glad it turned so underwhelming in the end !, 
  at least there is one `` fucking twat '' ( to cite poster above ) less ; roaming around and plotting attacks . 
  success , eh ? 
  i find this part particularly infuriating ;  later , on behalf of the whole group , one friend apologized . 
  he claims they did not want to offend anyone and that they just wanted to have fun . 
  enough with pranks already !, 
  i mean ; i get it , they 're on vacation , a bit drunk ; loosening up . 
  we can handle that . 
  but this is sheer stupidity . 
  croatia is really not a good place to pull `` prank '' like this . 
  as above op said , lot of people could get triggered . 
  he got lucky , because could 've get himself seriously hurt . 
  made me feel proud and warm inside . 
  but then i choked a bit because i realized it 's all founded on their experience . 
  too many people leave their common sense at home when leaving for vacation . 
  hopefully humorous note would help the message get trough . 
  also , needs to be translated to czech . 
  like , yesterday . 
  the only sane reaction would be to take out a camera and post it on social media . 
  obviously . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  talking to a car is just weird . 
  * imagine ... *, 
  oh there , there now . 
  he did n't really mean to hurt you by calling you fierce keyboard warrior !, 
  but if he did , i 'd recommend getting a better shield and/or thicker skin . 
  he might be wrong about `` fierce '' part , though . 
  you surely are chill . 
  my mediterranean blood , on the other hand is boiling . 
  i , am totally pissed on your behalf !, 
  i mean , you buy ticket ( probably quite pricy - but money is least of the problem ) ; do some planning ; make your schedule free for what is supposed to be enjoyable , relaxing night out with whomever ; listening to good music ( i do n't know the lineup - but why else go ) and enjoy festival mojo . 
  but wait ; hold your horses you blissful individual ; there is a good possibility someone ; some brainwashed psychopath ( s ) ; is using this rendezvous of happy , betrunken people to get across their point about some shit no one in their right mind give two shits about . 
  thank you , asshole ( s ) . 
  sorry for profanities . 
  got me triggered . 
  anyhow , i 'm glad you people are safe . 
  and i hope it does n't become new normal for germany . 
  cheers !, 
  we could totally board that train . 
  always happy to make our beloved czechs happy . 
  in exchange for ( symbolical sum of ) moneys , of course . 
  please , come again . 
  post-war renaissance at its finest . 
  too much . 
  so the proper title would go along the lines ; * germany : wanderer above the france * all historical and factual similarities are coincidental . 
   croatia : roman woman playing a lute cropping made it quite difficult ( for me ) to recognize this art piece . 
  usually the lute is first thing one notices . 
  however , nicely done . 
  i 'm wondering what the criteria was for picking artwork to represent their respective country ?
