  not sure if * fucky * is a proper word , but i like it . 
  that was one painful exchange to read . 
  thank you . 
  since when has real life anything to do with shitting on the internet ? 
  geez !, 
  helps my slow metabolism to digest the news served with my morning coffee . 
  welcome , new batch of moderators !, 
  that 's harsh . 
  i 'm quite sure there is more elegant solution to this crisis than `` to tank them out '' . 
  as for the others , learning is a slow process for retarded . 
  take our ( croatian ) government as an example . 
  they 're literally learning from their own mistakes , one at the time ; making a lot of mistakes , and learning from them painfully slow . 
  e : word, 
  sure . 
  sorted out by * natural selection * while waiting to be sorted out by institutions . 
  can you imagine then what merkel 's * hell * would be like ? 
  this is already getting ridiculous . 
  and not in a funny way . 
  when and where will the governments finally get to their senses and draw the line ? 
  i just did my shopping in zlin centro this sunday . 
  everything , including tesco , was open . 
  even downtown shops in zlin were open . 
  plus , there were * loads * of people shopping , on early morning sunday . 
  so this is quite confusing . 
  in austria , where i currently reside , it checks out . 
  very few shops are open on sunday ; and as far as i know they have special permission . 
  in croatia , there were some attempts to ban sunday shopping completely . 
  but so far unsuccessful . 
  we still have supermarkets which are open till 22:00 on sundays . 
  and , surprisingly , there are always customers . 
  afaiak , electronics are much cheaper in us than in europe ( apple products are -30 % compared to , say , germany ) . 
  also , clothes , cameras , outdoor equipment , watches ... just google a bit and compare the prices . 
  that being said , i have no idea what your relatives like . 
  maybe you should try to get a hint from your cousins ( if any ) or even your parents . 
  my advice is , try to be practical and buy something easy to carry . 
  and , for what is worth , if they like coffee - a nice espresso machine never failed me so far for people in ( i presume middle-aged ? ), 
  their age . 
  it could be a bit pricey , though . 
  and not so easy to pack and carry . 
  it 's a cool idea , but the meaning of it made me rather confused . 
  is this pro trump ? 
  against ? 
  a provocation maybe ( as in , * vote americans , you can not really win * ) ? 
  or maybe , * get done with this presidential election thing already * : rollseyes : ? 
  i 'm really curious to get on the bottom of this !, 
  hope it stays like that . 
  i 'm curious , though , why is this happening so frequently lately ? 
  could someone please eli5 ? 
  my knowledge of geology and seismology is ... well , shamefully , pretty much on that level . 
  did n't he say he 'd be back , though ? 
  btw , cali - austrian landscape ... alps meets the ocean . 
  that would truly be a perfect match . 
  holy buckets , we 've got minnesota ?!, 
  well , i guess if we need a big brother , it may as well be full of nice , polite people ... 
  it kinda fills the gaps and compliments us perfectly . 
  that 's confusing . 
  how ` bout east georgia and west georgia ? 
  as long as it does n't cover the * face * . 
  which is kinda important , if one wants , you know , identify people . 
  literally himmler . 
  it was calling for it . 
  which is a good thing . 
  reddit is leaking into real life !, 
  one ?!, 
  just look up bj tag . 
  oh man , and i thought you were sarcastic . 
  i even giggled !, 
  this is just sad . 
  i do n't think he put op down . 
  this way the rest of us can learn too . 
  i believe i 'll never mix up my * none * s and * neither * s from this point on . 
  i second this . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's me getting older , though , informing myself more and the media is feeding me mostly bad news , or the world is indeed becoming shittier place . 
  i mean , just take a look at the list of celebrities that grim reaper decided to claim this year ... 
  realizing some of those people are not with us anymore hit me really hard . 
  and i do n't even care much about pop culture . 
  slower internet = slower information traffic = easier to censor ? 
  just idea . 
  or worse , other people 's naivity . 
  reyunited !, 
  even in case this is doom for eu , i fail to understand why are people getting so agitated ? 
  it 's natural course of events - things get born , peek and then die . 
  is there anything that lasts forever ? 
  eu will probably be succeeded by another project , and hopefully , that one would be built on knowledge derived from previous mistakes . 
  as a croatian , though , i can not help but feel the irony . 
  we are so late to this party !, 
  i think everyone was . 
  we are happy . 
  but given the amount of opportunities our team had , we could 've been even euphoric . 
  typically croatian . 
  never satisfied . 
   i was very anxious , though , till the very end ; expecting turks to score in last seconds . 
  that euro 2008 game really gave me ptsd . 
  ... said no one ever . 
  until today . 
  i 'm kinda proud of our fans !, 
  now you reminded me of a [ perfect song for this shitfest happening to us at the moment ] ( https://youtu.be/3_7fytobkrw ) e : copied wrong link : /, 
  i might not have acted most maturely by passively aggressively referring to your comment , that much is true ; but the only reason i did so is because you triggered me by offering such a simplified explanation on a very complex matter . 
  to answer your question , what makes it hard for me to understand is ... well , hell , as i said it 's complex . 
  i have no enough knowledge on the matter ; only my personal experience , so i was genuinely asking what would constitute hate speech .
