  but from what i 've picked up so far , it massively depends on circumstances . 
  yes , there is general idea of what that would be and its even regulated by laws , but even laws are vague and their enforcement is more to make an individual examples then to punish each and every offender . 
  it also depends on public one is addressing and their personal believes - if they would find such statement acceptable or not - and that all begins with government and what they find acceptable . 
  even within europe those boundaries vary . 
  i 'll even add an anecdotal evidence - for what it 's worth - and hopefully i wo n't offend any czechs here ( i know i wo n't , you guys are quite in favor of free speech ) . 
  so , i 've encountered in czechia quite a bit of [ anti islam bump stickers ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/blokprotiislamu ) which was a bit of cultural shock for me . 
  now , in croatia , where we have significant muslim minority ( as small as it is ) which is native here ; there would be many offended people and that would be considered borderline hate speech . 
  in czech , they have significant jewish minority and close to none muslims . 
  it 's hard to say if two of these groups could live peacefully one next to the other but some czechs apparently have an impression they would n't . 
  i 'm aware it 's a major and unfair generalization of all the muslims . 
  but czech also not seem to care about that vocal minority so much - because , i guess , they deem it as free speech . 
  so i 'll wrap it up right here by saying i did n't really think too much about very definition of hate speech . 
  until now . 
  as i said before , with this recent enforcement it 's becoming really important to learn how to exercise one 's freedom of speech without getting in trouble . 
  they should start even teaching it in schools . 
  i love how he explained you * everything * with just pointing you to direction of a fucking dictionary . 
  that 's no way to conduct an argument . 
  anyhow , i 'm really curious to find out what exact verbiage would be labeled as hate speech . 
  it 's now becoming vital to learn how to walk that fine line between being free to speak your mind and not to offend someone , or worse . 
  if anyone has better answer than * look it up in the dictionary * , i 'd appreciate it . 
  ah , so !, 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  that was quite informative ( in a just-apply-common-sense kind of way ) . 
  anyhow , i thought it was a reference to something less mundane ; perhaps an euphemism derived from something as crazy as in that video i liked in my edit above . 
  however , glad we cleared that one out . 
  * rial does that mean we can finally pay in memes ?!, 
  cyber currency at its finest !, 
  * physics too !, 
  one time is one too many . 
  can confirm . 
  been living in europe whole my life . 
  went to school . 
  never got shot . 
  / ^ s in all seriousness , though , it seems to me that each time there is a high profile case that makes to international news , reactions of public and narrative of hysteria and fear mongering becomes slightly stronger . 
  that 's not how one can stay calm and level-headed !, 
  * thingies * - making geography complicated ever since that wave of communist divorces !, 
  me too . 
  since the title says stari most bridge - literally translates to old bridge bridge . 
  clever bot can put two and two together . 
  i do n't see lalaland on this map either ... 
  this is an absolute wonder !, 
  is n't amazing how precisely sea flooded croatia ; never crossing country 's boundaries ?!, 
  zero fucks given to its physical geography !, 
  go sea !, 
  too bad you flooded zagreb too so now i have to learn to be a mermaid . 
  i mean , if they really wanted , austrians could anschluss slovenia . 
  or * try * to flood it too . 
  and voila !, 
  i actually do have moka ( so it 's one k after all ) pot . 
  i usually get my coffee from mueller store - plenty of choice - but lately my go to was lavazza crema & gusto . 
  thing is , i have really small pot . 
  two cups only . 
  and it 's fine if it 's just me and so , but if i 'm having people over ( i often do ) i have to use french press . 
  it 's still freshly ground but taste is never remotely close . 
  seriously looking into investing into some semi-pro espresso machine . 
  that line should 've said  i 'd drink absolutely anything one serves me as coffee ** in the morning ** but i guess i did n't have enough coffee yet , so my attention is kinda poor . 
  not inka , but i think i know what you 're talking about . 
  back at 90-ies , as kids , we often had divka , which is , i guess , croatian equivalent ; made of plant chicory . 
  you 've got everything right ; but your flair is kind giving you away . 
  to each their own . 
  i 'd give italians a credit for mokka coffee . 
  absolutely amazing !, 
  when i 'm italy i do n't even get to drink espresso , when there is mokka . 
  also , i 'm not a fan of espresso because i take coffee as a break in my everyday life , just a moment for myself to spend in good company and * enjoy * for a while . 
  refuel . 
  could n't agree more . 
  it 's just the way we socialize . 
  also , omg , there all kinds of derivatives of cold coffee drinks here ( it 's hot as hell in summer ) - ice coffee ; coffee with icecream ... err ... well , it 's embarrassing : / but it 's all i can remember at the moment . 
  not my cup off tea , really , since i drink normal double macchiato both , in summer and winter . 
  but i am sure there are many enthusiasts about those too . 
  everyone speaks either coffee or tea . 
  those languages truly bond people !, 
  and then , on the bottom of the ocean you find boston tea party !, 
  i totally understand and empathize . 
  filter tea is awful . 
  also , often as a tourist , i 'd drink absolutely anything one serves me as coffee . 
  ( dutch ; wtf ; milk in the paper stick ?! ), 
  as the day progresses , though , my taste buds wake up , and i literally come to my senses . 
  then , just after lunch i usually drink my first decent coffee . 
  tourist life can be tough !, 
   funny little saucepan it 's called [ cezve ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cezve ) ( d\u017eezva in croatian ) . 
  it 's usually used for making turkish coffee . 
  that 's kinda what most of croatians consider a homemade coffee . 
  so , if you come to croatian home ( or even bosnian or serbian ) , in 99 % of cases ( bullshit statistics - just made it up ) you would be offered a choice : * kava ( kafa ) ili nes ? 
  * meaning : turkish coffee or instant coffee ( usually nescaf\u00e9 ) . 
  i 'm sorry you had to be deprived of your beloved hot beverage while staying here . 
  i know that would make me very unpleased and cranky . 
  in my experience ( a very limited one , though ) coffee shops serve a-ok coffee but mostly filter - bag tea . 
  there are some on higher end , who would serve you whole platter with a nice teapot , cup , and something that to me looks like , well , * better than filter * . 
  the quality of stuff itself - i have no idea !, 
  but looks nice . 
   for croatians it 's more of a winter thing ( as well as hot chocolate or hot wine ) . 
  but i think they serve them all year long anyway ( unlike hot wine ; and more often then not hot chocolate ) . 
  there are , of course , some specialized shops where you can buy some more expensive , nicer packed tea . 
  probably better quality then average market stuff anyway . 
  but for those you have look for a bit ( usually in more urban areas ) . 
  and if you really love tea so much , next time you come , it 's be the wisest just to bring your own kind with you , so it saves you from search !, 
  thankfully , boiling water we can make plenty !, 
  ^ ^ all in all , spoken like a true tea expert . / s sorry, 
  never tasted swedish coffee .
