  hmmm ... 
  i 'm not sure what i should make of this comment . 
   ( ... ) thinks he is doing evil ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  neither does an isis executioner . 
  apparently their judgement has been heavily tempered with by being drugged ( there were some sources few days ago here , on r/europe , i could look it up if necessary ) . 
  i guess in this parallel universe drugs create for them , all their actions must have * some * sense . 
  and everyone is a good guy in their own story . 
  well , we 're so poor that we do n't even have enough children to potentially become poor . 
  sister . 
  and no . 
  you could n't be more far from right . 
  i 'll just take a blatant guess and assume he took them off guard . 
  they probably did n't expect him to be so ... * capable * . 
  in a police car , apparently . 
  on serious note , i really hope they 'll catch the maniac and there would n't be any more bad news related to this . 
  main street of albania ? 
  well , then the price sounds fair . 
  hopefully , all those sacrifices wo n't be for nothing . 
  they should stand as a reminder to europeans of today what kind of monstrous acts the war actually consists of . 
  if anything , we should learn that war is only last resort , when all other options are already exhausted . 
  and make us think before we act . 
  at this very moment , it is , sadly , very current issue . 
  i 'm in no way going to defend this kind of behavior . 
  it 's completely unacceptable . 
  but it 's also a well known fact that certain kind of people tends to be more vocal on stadiums than everyone else . 
  and since it was , in fact , a * minute of silence * , this act just resonates louder . 
  so , as i see it , that 's just another case of vocal minority making a shameful act . 
  i believe nearly everyone outside of turkey is aware that majority does n't approve of such act . 
  reading [ this ] ( http://abc7news.com/news/concertgoer-recounts-horrific-paris-theater-siege/1084397/ ) sent chills down my spine . 
  just thinking how * expandable * people 's lives are to those terrorists makes me incredibly sad , angry and scared . 
  well , i expected croatia to be black . 
  so , i guess this is good news ? 
  somewhat ? 
   swedish-danish ( ... ) quite dark detective thriller my favorite kind . 
  thank you for this recommendation . 
  definitely putting on * to watch * list . 
  well , in short , it 's lettering used on blueprints and design projects before computer became go-to tool . 
  it 's like stylized technical writing . 
  many schools do n't even teach it as a mandatory subject anymore . 
  i find it kinda nice and useful , because after so much of using it , even when writing really fast , my writing is quite legible . 
  another perk also being a lot of compliments from random people whenever submitting forms and other paperwork . 
  if you want to know more about it , here 's a [ link ] ( http://artdepartmental.com/2009/10/12/learning-architectural-lettering/ ) . 
  snowman person here . 
  changed my way in uni , when learning architectural lettering . 
  never looked back . 
  it 's much neater and , with enough of practice , equally fast as other two ways . 
  well , i apologize , mate . 
  i tried to keep my comment as concise as possible , so i generalized . 
  admittedly , after all , it was my own ignorance that came to bite me in the ass . 
   i 'll know better next time . 
  if what you are implying is anywhere close to truth - i.e. 
  germany handling whole this migrant crisis the way it currently does , mainly for the reason to gain some positive pr points ; well ... * reckless * does n't even begin to describe it . 
  truth is , even if the above reason is exaggerated ; i 'm still failing to see what would be some * sane * explanation of current migrant policy . 
  anyhow , good luck , germans . 
  you 'll probably need it . 
  personally , i think eastern europe just wants to be left alone to try to live and prosper . 
  unlike their western neighbors , at no point in history they were economical or political superpowers . 
  in recent history they were collateral victims of silent war of western capitalists and eastern communists , which , obviously , left a mark . 
  for long time they did n't really get a chance to build prosperity and freedom for their societies . 
  now that they 're ( or shall i say we are ) finally on the right path , people are quite reluctant to allow changes . 
  trick or treat \u2728 !, 
  enjoy the night , r/europe !, 
  in croatia we also celebrate all saints ' day , on november 1st . 
  followed by all souls ' day , on november 2nd . 
  it 's firstly a catholic religious event , but a national holiday , too . 
  we also have time of the carnival , usually somewhere in february ( i 'm never quite sure when it begins ) . 
  that 's when we put our masks on , roam the streets and go crazy . 
  it 's actually quite fun . 
  and in some places it has very long tradition ( rijeka and samobor are most famous ) . 
  halloween has never been a tradition here . 
  under the influence of tv and ever-present marketing , though , some kids give it a try . 
  put on the masks and go trick-or-treating . 
  response they get is usually raised eyebrows from elderly ; or , if they 're lucky , few candies or money from people who are somewhat familiar with halloween tradition . 
  most young people , however , use it as another excuse to throw a party , put some masks on and drink heavily . 
  so , even though it 's not really tradition , due to it 's positive traits it 's slowly becoming one among younger population . 
  we would never complain about having another reason to have * more * fun !, 
  if you ever took a ride with croatian railways , you 'd be reminded of even * darker * times . 
   on topic , hi - five neighbors !, 
  seems our politicians finally somewhat came to their senses !, 
  this hot potato game is already quite tiresome . 
  fact is croatia ca n't solve this problem , because its origin is elsewhere . 
  neither can slovenia . 
  nor hungary . 
  we are merely bystanders , who happen to be in wrong time and place ; so we have to take collateral damage of something we have no much saying in . 
  solution must be found on much higher level and it has to be to everyone 's benefit . 
  otherwise situation wo n't end up well . 
  oh , boy , we 're pretty much screwed . 
  i 'm sure our government has prepared whole alphabet of potential plans , but i 'm very sceptic how feasible they actually are . 
  this is beyond us ; a global issue which can not be solved if each government implements their own plan . 
  eu , as a whole , really needs discuss and agree on further course of action . 
  and do it promptly . 
  croatia is trying to do its best with helping migrants , but our options and means are limited . 
  hypothetically , even in case we had unlimited means to help them , there 's still the fact they do n't want to stay here and they 're quite vocal about it . 
  their goal is elsewhere . 
  and we have no saying in that . 
  so , for everyone 's sake i hope eu will hurry up with whatever agreement they 're arranging with turks , stop the influx and try to give people less incentive to try undertake such dangerous journeys in future . 
  yes , i was addressing primarily merkel 's reckless abuse of power . 
  * mutti * , my ass . 
  more like an abusive stepmother .
