great job guys !, 
   `` the difference between a finnish wedding and a finnish funeral is that at a funeral there 's one person not having vodka . '', 
  that only made me nod my head in approving way . 
  this should be the official name . 
  the bte project . 
  do n't hurt yourself . 
  the fdf did take a picture of it this time . 
  well they probably take a picture every time this happens but this time they released it publicly . 
  apparently most of the people do n't really care . 
  most of them died after they climbed down and got caught by the police . 
  i hope so . 
  see this video for answer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh3webkco4y, 
  * slurps coffee *, 
  this particular plane is never going to be made and it 's only a concept study . 
  there are multiple similar concepts around . 
  i bet . 
  winter should come sooner . 
  it 's not the mushrooms that caused this . 
  it can be caught from a tick bite . 
  souls are overrated . 
  we just use our black forest magic to replace them . 
  peter jackson-helmed kalevala trilogy . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  finestland ? 
  interesting that only the finnish intro is sung by kids . 
  apart from that and japan , it 's usually a adult male . 
  dutch intro https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ukqvloxgo4 sweden https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu89g7mhpt8 japan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdad_lzotdg, 
  i think it 's lyrics for some death metal song . 
  my dualboot system worked just fine after the update . 
  everything is on same hd . 
  i was surprised actually . 
  usually windows install messes up the grub and you had to do rescue it afterwards . 
  with 10 , everything stayed intact . 
  image # 9 what 's that position called ? 
  looks uncomfortable . 
  `` i am god . 
  uh . . i mean , kill all humans . 
  no , not that . 
  crap !, 
  i 'll get back to you . '', 
  or just do it live mad max style . 
  war is always funny . 
  it 's way too `` busy '' . 
  they installed the turret backwards ... 
  i guess that 's why the tanks were cheaper . 
  i hope they reinforced the controller somehow . 
  the build quality of it is really shitty . 
  it is . 
  iku-turso is coming back . 
  he is also pissed because we gave him tinnitus . 
  actually it looked like that 's exactly what they were doing . 
  the whole thing was straight out of call of duty scripted scene . 
  it 's just a show , nothing more . 
  the tactics here are laughable . 
  also they usually do n't use live rounds in this kind of exercises anyway . 
  but it is fun to watch . 
  this looks more like a show than actual exercise . 
  and i still do n't know who to vote for ... 
  well only the taxi or in some rare cases the police would take you home . 
  just how we like it . 
   tests of the bulletproof vest by jan szczepanik and kazimierz \u017begle\u0144 in 1901 - mr. borzykowski ( friend of szczepanik ) shoots his servant that 's a dedicated servant . 
  well they have done it before . 
  i was waiting for some rustling happening and the suddenly a test picture with a loud beep . 
  true . 
  but it had just the right amount of eemail tseking . 
  i do n't think it 's smart to just forget greece . 
  that company name gives me a warboner . 
  and actually knows how to photoshop . 
  this should be the standard http://i.imgur.com/bonhusy.png, 
  lucky bastards . 
  so basically they just took the path of least resistance . 
  i think it looks great . 
  well , here 's a post-apocalyptic version http://www.sssscomic.com/comicpages/92.jpg from this excellent comic www.sssscomic.com /, 
  looks like a starting grid for a futuristic arcade racing game . 
  exactly . 
  ms saw it , swept in and took away the best bits . 
  coolest company name ever . 
  well , that 's a stretch . 
  what now ? 
  so snug and pretty . 
  who would n't love a good forest ? 
  it 's iceland . 
  reddit should have a pact where everybody refuses to click baity titles like this . 
  i have a sudden urge to paint my face black and white and go pose in the wintery forests . 
  just the tip . 
  why should there be a capital anyway ? 
  it 's an old concept and the world is much smaller and at the same time , much more connected . 
   the capital would be stockholm https://i.imgur.com/p3flgwu.gif, 
  damn , you got us !, 
  so are we the north korea then ? 
  estonia can into nordic . 
  a moose once bit my sister ... 
  actually those things cancel each other out . 
  it 's going to be fine . 
  it should be a u shaped pipe that just barely reaches estonian borders . 
  probably made by tieto . 
  but on second thought , the site is up and you can actually use it . 
  probably made by some summer trainee . 
  i 'd buy that civilization ending horror scenario . 
  if no mountains , have ocean .
