russia 's biggest trade partners are arguably the eu and maybe the us though, 
  well sorry for voicing my opinion, 
  rotterdam is the most grim city in the netherlands if you ask me, 
  enough people say the same about the us, 
  how the hell is the netherlands not even on this ? 
  dutch people do n't really smoke that much in my experience, 
  not a very accurate map , funny nonetheless !, 
  this made my day, 
  do n't think so , we 're the us 's biggest trading partner, 
  sounds a bit like dutch, 
  speak for yourself , i love rugby, 
  mountains and tundra maybe ? 
  just a wild guess, 
  haha , maybe a bad choice of words, 
  a good development i would say !, 
  germany has so much military potential, 
  actively censoring this ? 
  its been over the news for days ... 
  how is the netherlands not relevant ? 
  but turks arnt really from europe though . 
  they invaded in the 15th century . 
  or maybe because half of europe agrees with me ? 
  which is why they are not in the eu !, 
  but i guess you have a valid point, 
  this title suggests that turkey is in fact european, 
  little bit hopeful and naive if you ask me, 
  that doesnt mean you cant increase military spending and stop relying on the us to protect your own backyard, 
  germans are so pacifist these days , what happened to you guys ?!, 
  you used to be so badass . 
  stop feeling guilty for things that happened 70 years ago, 
  very true !, 
  smoking weed is boring too, 
  meh , i find smoking weed terribly boring so i 'm kind of indifferent about it . 
  the thing i do n't like is that tourists always only think about weed when in the netherlands, 
  we 're not high all the time . 
  i even dare say that dutch people probably smoke a lot less weed than the european average . 
  damn shame, 
  dry sausage or cheese with mustard !, 
  the dutch special forces train regularly with the british sas and are regarded one of the best special forces units in the world . 
  british politics are fantastic, 
  damn hippies, 
  well still adds to overall size doesnt it, 
  call in greenland then !, 
  are you serious ? 
  we did n't overthrow him , ukraine 's own population did, 
  we do, 
  what a bullshit articel, 
  zeh germans, 
  since when does islam have prestige and power , or any other religion for that matter, 
  chances are pretty high this is actually true . 
  the fact that the turkish leaders like erdo\u011fan are retarded doesnt really add to turkish credibility, 
  ofcourse people get angry at the turkish government for supporting is, 
  so much turkish butthurt in these comments, 
  bad map tbh , how does one measure this ? 
  christmas dinners vary from region to region , even from family to family, 
  im not an expert in economy at all so can anyone explain why the netherlands is only growing 0.1 percent this quarter ? 
  seems to be lagging behind, 
  in obesity, 
  europe is fine , just a little turbulent times, 
  lets see them try, 
  not only britain will leave is my guess, 
  uk or germany, 
  to be honest you already do import a large portion of it, 
  you wearing a tinfoil hat yet ? 
  having a passport doesnt make a person european, 
  how about fuck no, 
  dutchman here . 
  amsterdam sucks absolute donkey dick when it comes to taxi 's . 
  this actually still happens regularly !, 
  i mean , the last time i was able to skate on a lake near my home was in the winter from 2011-2012 . 
  but yeah everyone goes onto the lake to skate , play hockey and eat pea soup ( erwtensoup ) . 
  its actually quite nice and we hope for it every winter, 
  how is the netherlands warmer than belgium ? 
  our oldest nobel families are mostly of german origin, 
  im a student currently studying in groningen !, 
  cant believe its only 15 percent in the netherlands . 
  dont really think its accurate , i think most people i know would fight, 
  not good, 
  where do you base this on ? 
  germany obviously . 
  so how could you possibly have a judgment about dutch food ? 
  also pretty interested in what your definition of ` cuisine ' is . 
  you 've never cooked a day in your life have you ? 
  what ? 
  how about erwtensoep , hachee , and the various stamppotten etc. 
  there 's tons of examples . 
  dude , just type in `` russia gdp growth forecast '' and click on any of the top 10 links and you can clearly see that the russian economy is not growing at the moment . 
  multiple reliable institutes like the world bank and the imf pop up . 
  hahaha its definately not growning, 
  most of them atleast, 
  the rest of the euro using countries actually have growing economies . 
  freedom, 
  why is there so much animosity against gb ? 
  only because they left the eu ? 
  grow up , they are still important political , economic , military and even cultural allies of european nations . 
  eu has a larger market . 
  but i get your point, 
  why should the brits not be proud of their empire and history ? 
  la trappe is dutch and also quite good imo . 
  some new breweries like ' t ij are also enjoyable .
