  usa is a single country with a pretty coherent culture . 
  i was talking about school shootings , not gun-related accidents . 
  these are obviously higher in countries with more guns per capita . 
  moreover , it 's also to defend citizens against local government tyranny . 
  for instance , there was an issue lately with some texan ( afair ) farmers being prohibited from using a centuries old cattle feeding ground , because the local government did n't like it for some reason . 
  the cowboys showed up in 100s , all armed and peaceful , started talking to the sheriff 's guys ( ~ 10 guys with military-grade equipment , long rifles , camo , etc. ), 
  telling them they are peaceful and they will not be intimidated by the sheriff 's power show . 
  in the end , the sheriff 's office backed down and the cattle resumed feeding on the fertile grounds . 
  owning a firearm for self-defense is virtually impossible in poland . 
  on the other hand , it 's moderately easy to get a collector 's license , which allows you to store the same kind of weapons . 
  however , you may not transport them or keep them loaded , hence legally they are useless as a means of self-defence . 
   anyone who speaks up for firearms ownership on this side of the atlantic will be accused of wanting to usher in united states-style school shootings ( and to be fair , school shootings just are n't a thing in europe precisely because of how difficult it is for disturbed people to get hold of lethal weapons ) . 
  that 's not the reason , because it 's false . 
  a lot of countries in europe have a high legal guns per capita , such as germany , france , nordic countries or switzerland , yet you seldom hear about any kind of accidents or attacks with it . 
  it 's a cultural difference . 
  however , the point you are making is sadly true . 
  there are other contrarguments , the biggest one is obviously sovereignty . 
  fiscal union means the countries in it complete lose ability to influence their economy ( they already partially did by forfeiting their national currencies ) , which would be governed by unelected and unquestionable beaurocrats in brussels . 
  it 's easy to see how such policy would lead to a disaster and dissolution of eu . 
  euro is not a good concept at all , it sounds easy and nice , but it 's impossible to have a currency like that with such conflicting interests . 
  it 's easy to see by looking at economic performance of countries outside of the eurozone and the ones that have recently joined . 
  the problem is this was an ex post facto law . 
  people who have been promised retirement at 65 decades ago now must wait few more years . 
  not to mention the plunder that was the nationalisation of the private retirement funds to cover the growing hole in the insurance fund . 
  balkans are great !, 
  also happened in my hometown , lublin , which housed the great [ union of lublin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_lublin ) , 
  yeah , those small changes can have drastic consequences across slavic languages . 
  another one - ` szuka\u0107 ' in polish is ` to search ' and in czech is ` to fuck ' . 
  ` rouhani ' is close to polish ` ruchani ' , which means ` being fucked ' in plural , 
  i agree , just did n't want to confuse with the word traditionally associated with misogyns . 
  you actually describe nationalism ( or rather chauvinism ) , not patriotism . 
  you do n't need to think of your country or nation as superior to others to feel patriotic . 
  soros is one of the biggest cancers eating the world these days . 
  pretty sure he is the main driving force behind all this bullshit , especially the media slander campaign . 
  using smart words does n't make you smart . 
  in fact , just shows how desperate you are to pose as an intelligent and educated person . 
  apparently , you have absolutely no idea how actual science works if you think economics is falsifiable . 
  please , educate yourself in concepts other than philosophy . 
  it 's not moot , it is still very valuable and provides great insight . 
  it just can not be taken as ` scientific fact ' , as you imply . 
  buchenwald was not a death camp , not are the others you described . 
  still , your experience is still probably better than most here . 
  being part of ss means a lot , in fact it means enough that you are trash , not even human , that should be immediately annihilated to protect the society . 
  ok , i will trust german courts , which failed to indict this man for 70 years . 
  so independent , much justice . 
   it won krugman a nobel prize . 
  next . 
  poor bait . 
  answer the question , how can you falsify an economic theory ? 
  there would be no ww3 . 
  ussr was not even able to continue ww2 if not for allied help and support . 
  cut the support , send some armies and ussr collapses like a house card it was . 
  you are constantly referring to his age when dismissing his crimes . 
  first , he was ` too young to understand any wrong ' and now he is ` too old to pay for his crimes ' . 
  it does n't matter . 
  not a bit . 
  tell me of this economical scientific method . 
  tell me how falsifiable it is and how do you check your economic theories against historical data , especially how do you correct for external factors ? 
  do n't worry buddy , the truth is independent of what these historically illiterate crooks think . 
  he was a member of ss , one of the most vicious and murderous organizations in the history of mankind . 
  he was also part of the nazi machinery , devised with one goal - destruction of jews , poles , gypsies , etc. 
  he was also directly involved in the daily life of a death camp . 
  it does matter . 
  if you were jewish , you 'd be ostracized and probably deported for being a holocaust denier . 
  no , they talked too much with stalin . 
  you do n't argue with mass murderers , you shoot them . 
  revisionism and relativism are not an adult perspective , it 's a just a big , stinky lie , used by men like you to whitewash their atrocities . 
  the soap story was published in ` medallions ' by na\u0142kowska , which was written on accounts of the direct victims . 
  afair ( i read it in high school ) , the story was not about the industrial scale soap production , which i think is now not considered true , but mengele 's own experiments . 
  i have n't seen any rebuttal of that account . 
  katy\u0144 was an obvious propaganda plot by russians . 
  however , the polish people knew the russians were to blame immediately , because they have seen these officers taken by russian troops . 
  the fact that communist states ' official story was to blame germans did n't change the public perception in poland , it was just forbidden to talk about . 
  edit : it 's nice to see the truth downvoted , you know i think it was patton who said back in '45 ` we need to document everything , because down the line there will be people doubting this ever happened ' . 
  and here you are , proud , pseudoeducated young men , brought up in comfortable environment , who deny direct victim accounts , in order to defend a war criminal . 
  you are all pathetic scum , sincerely fuck you . 
  `` the book was originally published in 1946 , soon after the end of the world war ii . 
  in it , na\u0142kowska calmly related selected stories of nazi atrocities in poland and the fates of their victims . 
  ** na\u0142kowska was a member of a special committee for the investigation of nazi crimes in poland , therefore she had learned facts directly from the victims and witnesses . 
  ** considered a masterpiece of antifascist world literature , medallions ( written in 1945 and first published in 1946 ) stands as the culmination of nalkowska 's literary style -- a style that the polish writer witold gombrowicz once described as `` the iron capital of her art and one of the very few exportables in our national literature . '', 
  written in documentary-narrative form , with simple , concise , severely elegant prose , the book gives voice to the experience of victims and witnesses of the nazi genocide . '', 
  `` in 2006 a sample of the soap archived at the international court of justice in the hague was given for analysis to andrzej sto\u0142yhwo , an expert in the chemistry of fats from the gdansk university of technology in poland . 
  ** he concluded that some of the fat in the sample tested was of human origin . 
  he was member of ss , that 's enough of an evidence of his brutality . 
  and yes , i agree , the communists should all be put on trial and in majority of cases executed . 
  blame spineless cowards from the allies , who preferred to sacrifice eastern europe . 
   yup . 
  lets a bomb moscow , that surely would have resulted in fewer deaths . 
  goddamn it this discussion is pointless . 
  gday . 
  straw man , and you have no idea how international politics work . 
   so you think there should have been ww3 cuz of poland . 
  yeah sucks what it happened if you think for 3 seconds you 'll realise not much could have been done . 
  yes , because letting ussr dominate eastern europe and turn in cold war , with million proxy wars and deaths , was a much better choice , right ? 
  if you think 3 seconds , and read actual history books and primary sources , you 'll realize the allies were driven by spineless cowards , whose only agenda was to get reelected . 
  just read patton 's comments from the end of the war , that should clear things up . 
   the death machine would have operated in other parts . 
  it 's not like nazi killing machine didnt have other parts where to operate from . 
  auschwitz was the biggest camp with highest ` efficiency ' . 
  even if they stopped it for a week that would save thousands of lives .
