  the policewoman said this is damaging to the child and they must never be told to aspire for anything more than average ... http://wyborcza.pl/1,91566,5474691,zabrali_nam_dzieci_za_klapsa.html, 
  the only romanians i met were very intelligent students , on international scholarships from coca-cola , cern , etc , afaik all of them are now working on super interesting things . 
  i guess the second group you mention are actually romanian gypsies . 
  it is similar , but on smaller scale in poland too . 
  i think this is a great thing , because these young , tech-savvy people , with logical and engineering-oriented minds , can become the new meritocratic elite that would replace the post-communist ones . 
  they are also more open to the world , as they often have online friends throughout the continent and even outside of it - and often are experienced in working with distributed , remote teams . 
  it can be already seen in poland , where there have been a few corporation-sponsored articles on how the y generation is useless , entitled , not willing to sacrifice personal life for small monetary gain , not keen on regular overtime , etc. 
  makes me proud of my generation , 
  i agree , from my libertarian perspective a person , who violates the non aggression axiom , by such action forfeits his rights and his place in the society . 
  i get your point , however we all know that torture is still going on , no matter what obama said , and it will not change , because the secret services are not accountable and some situations require such unlawful actions . 
  yes , because the alternative is a bloody revolution . 
  i do n't think it 's viable now , but might be in the future , when we reach a more meritocratic society . 
  sure , greek democracy was elitist in giving voting rights , yet with our universal suffrage this is not a concern anymore . 
  i am not really very fond of democracy in first place , mainly because of the dictatorship of the majority , which is inherent in the system . 
  however , since we already have the system in place by common consensus we should respect it . 
  it 's in the article , no surprise here though : `` the report , on english attitudes towards identity , multiculturalism , religion and immigration , and written by professor robert ford of manchester university and nick lowles of hope not hate , found that the marked increase since 2011 in those who agree that there should be `` some things that people should not be able to say about religion '' was being driven by the young and those most supportive of multiculturalism . 
  the research broke society down into different groups depending on their attitude to multiculturalism and diversity . 
  those who were considered to be `` mainstream liberals '' were the most likely of all groups to support restrictions on free speech . 
  58 % of this group agreed that `` if necessary '' people `` should be prosecuted '' for saying certain things about religion . 
  the authors of the report found that `` support for limiting free speech to respect multicultural sensitivities had grown over the past five years '' . 
  limiting free speech is most popular among `` the young '' and among those most `` confident '' with multiculturalism . 
  58 % of under 25s `` back similar limits on religion '' as exist for policing racial hate . '', 
  you 're cute , redefining millennia-old definition of democracy to suit your regressive liberal agenda . 
  the people are the sovereign . 
  if the people , by democratic majority , decide that muslims must be expelled , the state obeys . 
  well , of course enrol him in some reeducation programme , i 'm sure these programs , which do n't even work for petty criminals , will surely work for hardened islamists . 
  capital punishment after due course of law is a perfectly acceptable and humanitarian solution . 
  dzhokhar tsarnaev was sentenced to death and nobody batted an eye , rightfully so . 
  i say they might , because i do n't have any facts to prove that , i 'm not swedish . 
  if sd 's connection to neo-nazis is a problem , why is n't the leftist parties connection to violent communist terrorist one ? 
  this is the perfect example of modern totalitarian relativism , where people are lenient towards leftists terrorists ` because they want to do good and are humanitarian ' , while anybody preaching even the lightest form of patriotism is automatically branded as a nazi . 
  you see , there 's this beautiful notion in the west that violence does n't solve anything . 
  this message comes from a government , which uses armed policemen and soldiers to extort taxes and impose their laws on citizens , with threats of violence and indeterminate detention in case of objection . 
  so yeah , violence does n't work , besides when it does , right ? 
  they might , but do they actively propagate neo-nazism ? 
  there are many parties in the western countries that have direct links to communists , even terrorist organization ( vide greens in germany or barroso 's party in portugal ) , yet you do n't hear media calling them commies . 
  these people rarely have any kind of historical and political education and their understanding of the world is very superficial and basically a reflection of their unsuccessful teenage rebellion . 
  just pick an anarchist and ask him to explain exactly how an anarchosyndicalist society would work , with all the details about ownership , barter , etc. 
  chances are he will call you a fascist/globalist/capitalist / racist and start a fight . 
  they really are the exact same type of brainwashed guys as the neo-nazis they claim to fight . 
  if we had some strong european community , then one country would not jeopardize security and future of all the others for short-term political gains , threatening them with economical and political sanctions in case they did n't want to play in the german election games . 
   if you do not help the refugees , you are actively supporting is and other criminals , maybe you even have to resort to criminal methods yourself ( such as shooting at civilians or pushing them back ) . 
  ca n't tell if you are serious or not , so i will just assume this is some friendly drunken banter and you are not , in fact , a complete ignorant with absolutely no understanding of the surrounding world . 
  whataboutism . 
  so you think me throwing a can of paint is a crime equivalent to recent french attacks ? 
  seriously ? 
  his graph includes crimes such as throwing paint and setting empty cars on fire . 
  we can all agree this is not terrorism at all . 
  it decreases the prices and demand for chavs , but increases it for everybody else . 
  there 's no free lunch , this is a classic case of ` that which is seen , and that which is not seen ' back from the 19th century . 
  any kind of price controls , of which council housing is , results in decrease in supply and hence increase in prices . 
  there 's a major paradox in your line of thinking - increasing amount of council flats actually decreases the amount of all other flats on the market . 
  the end result is that middle-class can never afford a flat , while jobless chavs get lifelong council flats for free . 
  so , exactly what we are seeing now . 
  is n't the problem also exacerbated by social housing ? 
  as in , normal people need to save for 50 years to get a mediocre flat in zone 5 , but be jobless with 4 children and you 'll get a nice flat in hackney in no time , on top of the standard benefit payments . 
  most new developments in london require part of it to be given for council homes , reducing the supply on the market . 
  i know teenagers in scotland get pregnant at young age to ascertain their lifelong right to a social flat ( which itself is a cancer on the society ) . 
  wow , you can get a 2500 sq ft house in warsaw for # 400,000 ... 
  that warms my heart my scandinavian brethren !, 
  sounds like ` the time machine ' by wells . 
  any teacher can tell you addition of even one of such children to the class reduces the overall performance by half or more . 
  not rocket science , just remember how much time your teachers spent on discipline against actual teaching . 
  and then remember how that changed once you got to high school and teenagers had to behave or be expelled . 
  greece is so full of lidls it 's not even funny with the german jokes anymore . 
  but yeah , there 's a lot of them in poland and uk as well , in my experience it 's rather good quality for the price . 
  we have that one in polish too , very nice . 
  considering turkey heavily bombed afrin just two weeks ago it 's not delusional at all . 
  it 's strange , i 'm pretty sure most actual europeans here have rather negative view of turkey . 
  i personally think it 's a regressive middle-eastern shithole , that has little to no connection to europe and the western - or even modern - world . 
  sand dunes absorb a lot of co2 [ too . 
  ] ( http://www.mnn.com/earth-matters/climate-weather/stories/deserts-dont-just-absorb-carbon-dioxide-they-squirrel-it-away ) also , transforming sahara is not only expensive , but pointless . 
  we should invest money in large-scale co2 sequestration technology instead , this is our best bet . 
  on the other hand , majority of the immigrants have smart phones and coordinate using social networks . 
  it 's not a matter of access to knowledge , it 's a matter of naivety . 
  i live in lublin and we have cheap , fast connections , both mobile and landline . 
  i pay 45z\u0142 for 100/50 mbit fiber . 
  there 's also [ this famous eu politician ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_cohn-bendit ) . 
  indeed , this is all twisted around . 
  the journalists systematically lied to the society in order to falsely assure them of safeness of this particular political ideology . 
  when the reality hit , the people opened their eyes , started following amateur footage and ostracizing the journalists , using the most effective method - posts on social media . 
  now suddenly the journalists cry they are being harrassed online , using their favourite ` hate speech ' , and that it 's an attack on democratic media . 
  what a load of apologetic bullshit . 
  you are wrong . 
  it is a fact that jews made up a large part of communist sympathizers in europe . 
  `` during stalinism , the preferred soviet policy was to keep sensitive posts in the hands of non-poles . 
  as a result `` all or nearly all of the directors ( of the widely despised ministry of public security of poland ) were jewish '' as noted by polish journalist teresa tora\u0144ska among others . 
  [ 72 ] [ 73 ] a recent study by the polish institute of national remembrance showed that out of 450 people in director positions in the ministry between 1944 and 1954 , 167 ( 37.1 % ) were of jewish ethnicity , while jews made up only 1 % of the post-war polish population . 
  [ 31 ] while jews were overrepresented in various polish communist organizations , including the security apparatus , relative to their percentage of the general population , the vast majority of jews did not participate in the stalinist apparatus , and indeed most were not supportive of communism . 
  [ 47 ] krzysztof szwagrzyk has quoted jan t. gross , who argued that many jews who worked for the communist party cut their ties with their culture -- jewish , polish or russian -- and tried to represent the interests of international communism only , or at least that of the local communist government . 
  no wonder jordan is secular with a queen like [ that ] ( http://conservativetribune.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/jordan-queen-rania-visits-harlem-girls-school-bm6enug0upmx.jpg ), 
  bandera did collaborate with germans and he was kept captive in relatively luxurious conditions to keep check on the remaining upa . 
  these upa fighters often worked alongside germans , albeit sometimes they fought them too . 
  and also pretty much same happened in poland after the '89 changes . 
  the russian-trained ( and run ) wsi ( military intelligence ) were only dissolved in 2006 , amid great controversy , which continues to this day . 
  it 's pretty easy to do a graphological test on the handwriting . 
  i believe that 's how they knew kaczy\u0144ski 's was falsified . 
  more people should know about this . 
  they do n't normally teach adenauer was a revisionist fuck , who harboured and employed nazi criminals . 
  world jewish congress for instance .
