  if gay parents were inherently unfit , even small studies with convenience samples would readily detect it . '', 
  any person with any kind of scientific background can tell you it 's 100 % bullshit . 
  ` we did n't do a statistically significant study on the subject , because there is no statistically significant group we could find . 
  hence , take our word that if these studies were actually done , they would surely have same results as we say ' this is insane , and anybody claiming this is science has no clue at all . 
  also , this shows how low-quality ` research ' in psychology is . 
  if such an article on any scientific subject , whether it was biology or physics , was printed as peer-reviewed research , the journal would be finished . 
  you cite an article as fundumental source and you even fail to read it , then when i point out the flaws in methodology you attack me on ground of personal views , even though i 've actually shown flaws in methodology . 
  who 's the ideological warrior here ? 
  how could these studies be so widely accepted , if same-sex adoption is a recent invention ? 
  also , in the methodology section of the wikipedia article you posted there are so many flaws pointed out it 's ridiculous to think these as a scientific , repeatable research ( sadly a common factor in psychology research in general ) . 
   does n't having the same rights not also imply having the same rights to adopt children ? 
  i do n't see how they can be separated , even more so because afaik it is well-established by now that being raised by a same-sex couple does not disadvantage children in any way . 
  no , heterosexual marriage and homosexual civil union is not the same thing , so equality does n't apply . 
  i 'm also sceptical about soft-science studies that have such far-reaching consequences in general . 
  sadly these kind of studies have repeatedly escaped scientific scrutiny , for instance repeatability of the research , which would instantly halt publication in even a minor hard science journal . 
  you are unrealistic in assuming 30k gbp debt for a good degree is something that ca n't be repaid in reasonable time . 
  news flash : things cost money . 
  quality things cost more money . 
  just because university tuition is state-sponsored , does n't mean it 's free . 
  it just means everybody is paying for it . 
  i think he meant that this kind of reasoning , that the migrants do n't know they are doing a bad thing is stockholm syndrome at best . 
  these guys know exactly what they are doing , the point is in their home cultures men are permitted to get away with a lot of stuff we consider completely unacceptable . 
  it 's much broader than that too . 
  remember the lee rigby murderer interview , where you could see black people from woolwich nonchalantly walk around the body and the bloodied , knive-wielding murderer like it was a daily occurence - because it is in africa . 
  that 's debatable . 
  they did lower the taxes though . 
  source is in polish , ca n't find the original wikileaks article . 
  that 's about nord stream 1 http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-ze-swiata,2/wikileaks-nord-stream-dzieki-agentom-i-pr,163919.html `` no protests could stop the construction of the north european gas pipeline . 
  russia has used all the forces : money , special forces and international politics to push forward the project - according to wikileaks documents cited monday by the swedish daily `` dagens nyheter '' this is more recent about nord stream 2 https://www.cps.org.uk/blog/q/date/2015/11/19/germany-s-deal-with-russia/ `` so it should have come as no surprise at all that in late october the german energy minister sigmar gabriel told vladimir putin in moscow that germany was ready to front the pipeline in order to circumvent eu rules and avoid ` political interference ' . 
  what was rather surprising , however , was that a transcript of the meeting was posted on the kremlin website . 
  [ 1 ] there is simply no way that mr gabriel would have made these frank and conspiratorial remarks in public ; for whatever reason , the kremlin chose to release the transcript unilaterally . '', 
  on \u015awinoujscie http://niewygodne.info.pl/artykul6/02668-nord-stream-blokuje-port-w-swinoujsciu-i-szczecinie.htm `` it turns out that the russians , in consultation with the germans , arranged the first two nord stream pipe that the port of swinoujscie now can not serve ships with a draft of more than 13.5 meters . 
  construction of two consecutive pipes related to the project nord stream ii may only worsen the situation of the port of swinoujscie '' \u015awinouj\u015bcie is also the site of currently being finished gas port , that was built to guarantee ee partial independence of russian gas . 
  by blocking bigger ships ' entrance they undermine the capabilities of the facility . 
  schr\u00f6der , who was the chancellor of germany around the time of nord stream negotiations , became head of the joint venture controlling the pipeline immediately after his term ended , with hundreds of millions in profit . 
  ( sorry for google 's translation ), 
  no , it was not invited , the negotiations were secret and both states actively seek to ignore eu law on the subject , check out the latest wikileaks about it . 
  the current pipeline is also laid down illegally near \u015awinouj\u015bcie , a major port , where its shallow position disables bigger ships from reaching the port . 
  i do n't think i have to mention gerhard schr\u00f6der , an example of highest levels of corruption and political servility . 
  it 's simple political calculation . 
  do unpopular shit in the beginning and work the rest of the term to improve the image . 
  as a person who has never voted for pis , their last 2-year rule was actually very good for polish economy . 
  whether or not they did it intentionally is a different matter , but the boom did happen . 
  what , you misogynistic patriarchal scum , how can you be so insensitive to womyn suffering !??!?!, 
  / s that 's sweden for you mate , they have most extensive rape definition in the world , 
  gw lied about the number of participants too , they claimed it was 50k and police said today it was 17-20k . 
  they also lied about number of today 's pis march to be 15k , while police claims it 's 40-45k . 
  so it seems the proponents of pis are at least 2 times as numerous on the streets . 
  so cute of you lemmings . 
   i really doubt it , looking at their economy specialists . 
  they look great on paper , but all their leaked ideas are for increased taxes to facilitate social spending the pm promised . 
  however , we 'll see how the actual laws go , it 's pure speculation now . 
  pis is still nothing like us far-right ( i guess that means tea party ? ) . 
  tea party is basically conservative liberals/libertarians , small government small taxes , no abortion , but also not much government influence anywhere and church state separation . 
  pis is conservative socialist/statist , they do want a bigger government and for it to directly intervene pretty much everywhere , especially with church . 
  their economic policies seem to be mostly keen on spending and increasing public sector . 
  afair they cancelled some profitable railway lines that were crucial to logistics of the refinery and instead provided an exceptionally expensive offer that did n't even meet the original requirements . 
  i am not sure , however , if there was any kind of deal between the governments . 
  i agree with these points . 
  a terrorist-only prison might work , obviously it will cost a lot of money , but we already spend it on murderers , etc. 
  due process of law should also be maintained at all points - albeit there 's always a gray line of secret services in cases like ben laden , but i 'm not really sure on how to assess that . 
  that 's very interesting , thanks for sharing . 
  i think it 's a good lesson from israel , a country that must forfeit any kind of ideological or cultural tabu in such matters in order to survive . 
  while i do n't agree with their treatment of palestinians , their experiences with islamic terrorism are not to be forgotten . 
   women do n't tend to want conscription . 
  that 's why it 's called conscription , not voluntary entry . 
   permanent solitary would only drive them totally insane over time and then once they get out it would be like dropping rabid pitbulls in a crowded market . 
  or of course you have then the option b of never released again the people your tormented into insanity for fear that they do turn to active terrorism when they get out ( gitmo ) . 
  so , i 'll stick with the idea that prison should also largely focus on rehabilitation on large scale too . 
  and that start by not walling people alive alone for 40 years and forgetting about them . 
  you forget that by keeping them not in solitary confinement , we create more terrorist . 
  as for keeping them in rehabilitation , as this article shows , this might actually be the worst option - and hidden at that , since both the detainees and the mentos could be active islamists . 
  i agree that at large scale it should be about rehabilition , but we should have absolutely no qualms to crush such vermin in any way that is necessary to keep it away from the society . 
   it very much is . 
  but we should be carefull not to use strategy that make the problem even worse with the side effects . 
  i will admit , we have a problem . 
  but imho perma solitary is not a solution to it . 
  capital punishment , 
  which claims ? 
  i thought he basically confessed that he fucked both of them consensually without a condom after the party on separate occassions , corroborated by girls ' posts on social media . 
  only after a few weeks , some cia money and surprisingly random facts the girls actually claimed that he took the condom off without their permission , which in new brave sweden is rape . 
   ... whatya talking about ? 
  you sure can , just put other humans along sometime . 
  there 's a reason prisonners have visitation rights . 
  ever thought of that ? 
  i meant permanent solitary confinement that could possibly prevent this kind of proselytization , which you said yourself is illegal . 
  regarding the rest , i am not for preliminary confinement , increased security or decreased liberty , actually very much against it . 
  i 'm just saying that for these violent terrorists who we know can turn others in jail we must be able to defend ourselves by any means necessary , as it as a cancerous attack on the our society . 
  that was glorious , i guess reading all these historical war chronicles pays off . 
  indeed , in polish shitpost gazeta wyborcza it was on the front page an hour ago with headline `` neonazi demonstration ends up in riots involving left activists . 
  many police officers are injured '' . 
  i agree . 
  people in this thread try to tread the path between human rights , solitary confinement , reeducation , cost and security . 
  all these problems are easily solved by capital punishment for terrorists . 
  so because of our glorious human rights , we can not keep terrorists in permanent confinement . 
  hence they create more terrorists , some of which kill people , other which we put in jail , where we can not keep them in confinement . 
  so they create more terrorists ... 
  yes , that 's why banking situation in e. europe is often compared to neolonialism , 
  i agree with everything , but mo\u017cejki . 
  i read it was actually a very good move , that was undermined through aggressive state legislation directly against pkn orlen done by lithuanian 's government ( whose anti-polish stance is well known and pretty surprising ) and also russian opposition .
