  so basically , eu is pushing us to stop using our local coal , instead we should use russian gas , one that germans want to flow circumventing poland , in effect rising prices and severely reducing our power safety . 
  does that look like a sane and reasonable plan from eu , or rather a lobbyist driven effort to kill our already stagnating industry ? 
  have n't you paid attention to what happened last time russia decided to stop flowing gas through ukraine ? 
  poland already has highest gas prices in europe , and we transit a large part of it , if nord stream 2 is completed putin will surely use it as political leverage , shut down the current one and we will have to buy the same gas from germans for even higher price . 
  of course , germans are on it , because they will profit from reselling . 
  the very idea of nord stream is a threat to european stability and an insult to eastern european countries . 
  the fact that one pipe has already been laid down , of course in breach of regulations ( but yeah , who 's gon na fine ze germans , the ecj ? 
  haha ) , is a sign germany prefers to do business with russia , rather than to integrate eastern europe . 
  and the board chairman is gerhard shroder , former german chancellor , who initiated the whole construction and participated in lobbying for it in eu institutions . 
  merkel and her government also support it , though it 's against multitude of eu regulations , including the recent one for common energy policy . 
  eu really is a just union of equals , is n't it ? 
  i was n't talking about netherlands , which has one of the most peaceful populations worldwide . 
  take your strawmans elsewhere . 
  according to boj , in 2013 there were more or less 2000 prison breaks . 
  there were 39 executions in 2013 . 
  where did you get your mathematical education ? 
  i find it severely lacking . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i read bush was not as dumb and short-sighted as he seemed to be , but actually was influenced by dick the dick ( heh ) and his neocon buddies . 
  ok , sorry , my bad , he does seem pretty silly . 
  however , if as you say he 's part of the larger movement within america that thinks the same way , is n't your beef with democracy , or generally - people stupidity , itself ? 
  btw , i thought vp is a pretty much representative position , does he hold any real power while p is still in charge ? 
   buddhists in myanmar . 
  i have n't mentioned buddhists - but yeah , they have their sins too . 
   jews in israel fair enough , a tiny group engaging in non-fatal terrorist attacks against muslim ex-invaders in their holy land . 
  not commendable , but nothing serious . 
   christians  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wisconsin_sikh_temple_shooting white supremacist . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord%27s_resistance_army random african shitleader and an army with ` lord 's ' in their name . 
   http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/02/15/yes-there-are-christian-terrorists.html that 's valid . 
  on the other hand , the conflict in car seems to be sectarian in nature , where actual religion matters only as a divider , while underlying issues are mostly tribal . 
  similar to protestant/catholic divide in ireland . 
   and lets not forget the far more insidious threat , takeover from within . 
  there 's a radical christian running for vp of the us right now . 
  hold on there , stalin . 
  what is radical christian about trump and why is it a threat , considering his voters are definitely much more fundamentalist ? 
   are you telling me these cultures always existed in europe ? 
  they existed far longer than 200 years though . 
   today 's germany and its culture did not exist 200 years ago . 
  actually , if you read a history book or two on german unification you would understand that the idea of unified germany under prussian rule was created almost exactly 200 years ago . 
  same for italy . 
  serbia and croatia have been independent , strong states , with varied culture way before ottoman empire even existed . 
  habsburg dynasty has existed since 11th century and continues to do so . 
  the cultures are evolving yes , but evolving from roots , which for most countries are older than 500 years ago . 
  i can tell you most certainly that polish culture 200 years ago was very similar to the current one , even to the point where most of our current national epics and poems come from that period . 
  you need to do some reading on european history next time you claim there was no german culture 200 years ago . 
   the idea of national sovereignty is already in the process of decline . 
  that 's what the eu federalists have been saying for decades - and each time a crisis comes up , nationalists come off much more powerful than before . 
  gosh , you really are dedicated in your antitheism . 
  the only thing missing from your comment is a fedora tip . 
  are you , by chance , one of those people who whole-heartedly ` believe ' in science and paint themselves as ubermench among the opium-induced commoners ? 
  you might check up on your statistics though . 
  europe is becoming more atheistic , but the rest of the world is n't . 
  btw , dinosaurs are not a dying breed . 
  in fact , quite the opposite , they were absolutely dominating the entire ecosystem and would continue to do so , if not for the meteor strike . 
  pretty bad analogy there . 
  policy is determined by people . 
  people are influenced by religion . 
  unless you want to go full 1984 , religion will not go away , and it should n't . 
  fundamentalism has no place in europe though . 
   all european cultures most certainly did not exist 200 years ago . 
  many states that existed 200 , or even 100 years ago do not exist today . 
  and many states that exist today did not exist 200 years ago . 
  you are very confused . 
  states are not cultures . 
  unless you are talking about recent innovations like kosovo or ukraine , pretty much every current country had sophisticated culture 200 years ago , even if it was regional instead of national . 
  what 's wrong with subsaharan africa that is directly attributable to christianity ? 
  also , what 's wrong with the largest economy in the world , the world 's sheriff and one of the most developed and free countries ? 
  where are they a problem ? 
  and please , do n't post bullshit strawmans like wbc or anti-gay sentiment in africa . 
  what ? 
  is it rhetoric if you ca n't produce a counter-argument ? 
  do you claim that convicted murderers do not commit any other crimes in prison , for which they can not be effectively persecuted ? 
  or do you claim that killing their patients , even at their own request , does n't result in trauma for doctors ? 
  edit : downvotes are louder than arguments , it seems . 
  it 's basically a schr\u00f6der-tier corporatist treason . 
  this is so bizarre . 
  basically , turkey has already invaded its neighbour without proclaiming war ( syria ) , and now they are invading another one , again without any declaration . 
  where 's the reaction from the un , the nato high command , the venice commission , the eu commission and all the other supposedly law-enforcing supernational organisations ? 
  has turkey gained unrivalled superpower status while i was not watching or something ? 
   capital punishment gives no more protection from criminals than a life-long sentence in prison . 
  ever heard of prison breaks ? 
  or intra-prison murders ? 
  yeah , a guy sentenced to life-long prison has a carte blanche for his activities within , it 's not like they are going to sentence him to another life . 
  but i guess life of an ` innocent ' petty criminal is less worthy than a life of a convicted murderer for you ? 
   the ironic part is that it 's okay to decide whether someone else may or may not life , but it 's not up to an individual to decide whether they may or not life . 
  of course they can , it 's called suicide . 
  what is wrong here is involving the state , and especially doctors , who are taught to help and never harm , and it fucks up their morality and ethics . 
  it is not ironic , because capital punishment is a way to protect the society from criminals . 
  no connection to euthanasia whatsoever , unless you ( eugenically ) think people with illness are a threat to the society . 
  indeed , apparently the sex of the virgins is not detailed in these quranic writings  , 
  uber drivers do n't get shitty wages and their social security is up to them , as they are running their own one-man companies - like about 30 % of workforce in poland . 
  that 's your typical ignorant argument . 
  as a child in thailand would you rather work for a bowl of rice , or starve to death ? 
  because these are the only two alternatives . 
  i moved to wroc\u0142aw five months ago and i 've been using uber almost exclusively , two times i 've taken a taxi it was dirty and expensive . 
  uber cars are always neat and tidy , the drivers friendly and often they have some extras like sweets or water in the heat . 
  uber driver 's taxes are their personal problem , if they are not paying them locally then they are liable to persecution by the finance department . 
  just like personal taxes of anyone . 
  do you go around snitching people for not paying income taxes on subletting , for instance ? 
  exactly , 99 % of foreign companies in poland dodge company taxes , including virtually all retail stores .
