  this is very astonishing to me . 
  they despise our culture , despise our faith , have only contempt for us , infidels - yet muslims from all around the world almost kill each other just to get to europe . 
  what the fuck , really ? 
  just stay in your backwards , goat-fucking sharia country and leave the rest of civilized world alone . 
  \\  [ mfw ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/article-1351264844485-15aa69d1000005dc-48686_636x413.jpg ), 
  well , they are the main party that cries dictatorship and their stance on the subject ( we are good democrats , we never broke any law ( even with the recently overturned tk bill ) , pis is nsdap ) is the ruling stance of all mainstream media . 
  as of now , it 's not clear whether pis overturned constitution . 
  of course po-affiliated lawyers claim otherwise , but there is no apolitical consensus in the law scholars , only politically motivated fallacies , that are meant to trigger an emotional response . 
  you did n't reply to any of the arguments in the article , you fully dismissed it as below whatever the fuck you think of yourself . 
  not wasting more time on you . 
  hence the civic platform is guilty on both counts , why are they still even being listened to then ? 
  according to recent article in berliner zeitung pis is a bigger threat to europe than daesh . 
  true story . 
  you 're so pathetic , you ca n't even hold a proper argument . 
  he just rekt you with true iron logic and all you can muster is 5-year old ` please do n't cry ' response . 
  stereotypes often are true . 
  http://www.zelaznalogika.net/dlaczego-polska-znow-ma-zla-prase-na-zachodzie/ the answer is a lot of media in poland are owned by german companies , for instance axel springer owns both die welt and fakt . 
  with gw it 's that they mostly hold the same ideological line . 
  this article is so incredibly biased i 'm surprised it came from associated press . 
  they do n't even present any counter argument to their claims or cite anything else than post-communist or po associated source . 
  they also mention krzywonos ' speech as solidarity star , but fail to mention morawiecki 's , who is even moreso a legend , pro-government one and not associated with pis . 
  the anti-semitic arguments are also missed , because the far-right demonstrations have nothing to do with pis . 
  also , it 's pretty much well known that pis is and always was very pro-american and also pro-israel . 
  you are right , i stand corrected - although usa is still a significant producer . 
  of course , but i do n't believe trump has ever suggested it would become null . 
  same as the other side . 
  do you think america , ~ ~ the biggest producer ~ ~ one of the biggest producers of solar panels in the world , does n't have green lobbyists ? 
  look at the support some completely unviable ` green ' technologies have now . 
  it really is just a matter of economics . 
  if we are be able to produce vast amount of electricity with little ongoing cost , we will do it in no time . 
  remember , world runs on money , and energy costs are probably one of the leading spendings . 
  every single company in the world wants to reduce these . 
  his words about nato are actually very reasonable - that unless all members fulfil their contractual obligation of spending 2 % of gdp on arms , he will not fulfil theirs . 
  the fact that vast majority of nato nations do n't spend 2 % , or even close it to , is a disgrace ( they are basically piggybacking on other nations , like the baltic states that are patrolled by polish air force ) and apparently can only be rectified by such harsh rhetorics . 
  the left has left ( heh ) their labour roots in the name of cultural marxism , pushing minority empowerment and anti-globalist movement some time ago . 
  ottoman empire was much more brutal and inhuman than british empire and it is a fact supported , amongst many other things , by the sheer number of casualties and slaves taken by your raids and wars , or the extensive turkification of the traditionally christian european lands - not to mention the universal hatred that is still felt towards you by virtually all the nations you laid your hands on . 
  anyway , i 'm glad there still are some kemalists in turkey , good luck to you and i hope you will spread the idea and combat the islamisation of your homeland . 
  you are the one who brought british empire for comparison , and now faced with facts you are trying to backtrack . 
  a move , i 'd say , typical of erdogan and his lackeys . 
  oppressed ? 
  i have no sympathy to the islamic empire that tried to destroy poland-lithuania for at least 300 years , resulting in one of the bloodiest wars we have ever waged and millions of captured slavic slaves . 
  the difference between your empire and the british one was that the latter generally brought civilisation and prosperity , as well as enabling global trade . 
  you brought slaves , islam and turkification . 
  remember vienna bro . 
  you are delusional . 
  the number of slaves in ottoman empire throughout the ages thwarts any kind of british oppression by orders of magnitude . 
  and that 's just counting the slaves , omitting their families and others who were slaughtered in one of your jihadist/imperialistic wars . 
   the current battles in aleppo at the moment are almost entirely between rebels and foreign shi'ite militia working on behalf of the regime - there 's no functional saa on the front lines anymore . 
  actually , it is exactly the other way around . 
  the ` rebels ' are foreign-funded jihadist mercenaries , most of whom are saudis and are financed by sauds ( just like 95 % of terrorists worldwide ) , fighting the russian-backed saa , composed almost entirely of native syrians . 
  weegie sounds somewhat offensive to me . 
  i prefer the accent old people in edinburgh speak . 
  in london , if you have money , you can do anything and you will be entertained . 
  konigsberg was never even russian before ww2 , they have literally zero connection to the land . 
  for majority of its history it was prussia/teutonic knights with strong polish-lithuanian influence . 
  surely there was quite a lot of victorious breeding . 
  ancient greeks/thracians/etc . 
  were supposedly much lighter in skin tone and hair colour than both todays greeks and turks . 
  irish accent is actually much different than scottish , but both are sexy !, 
  haha , this genuinely made me laugh out loud . 
  how far has our civilization come !, 
  one of their leading enterprises was running the majority of ottoman slave trade , which consisted mostly of slavic people taken by the tatars . 
  i 've been to france several times and i could n't get people to tell me whether to turn left or right to get to the highway , multiple times . 
  in poland 95 % of the youth can hold a decent conversation in english . 
  that 's a perpetuum mobile . 
  value of money comes from production and markets behind it , without consumers it just does n't work . 
  corporations exist with the sole purpose of making money . 
  to make money , you need consumers . 
  workers are not needed , but consumers are . 
  corporations will always need to supply goods at prices affordable to the consumers . 
  the automation will provide sizeable reduction in costs , which will allow to bring prices down while retaining profit margins . 
  wi\u015bniowiecki family was actually native ruthenian gentry , descended from rurik dynasty . 
  can we screen them ? 
  apparently it takes over a year to confirm a bearded man is not a child . 
  do you think the welfare services have any , and i really mean any , ability to confirm their identity , considering they either destroyed all their documentation or it was destroyed by the war ? 
  for what we know 2/3 of the refugees might be escaped convicts and isis fighters . 
  the numerous statements from isis , as well as hard evidence that many of the terrorists from recent events entered europe as refugees , just seem to confirm it . 
   oh c'mon , the fact that 10 % of the population had it fairly easy , does n't justify the suffering and oppression of the remaining 90 % you are right , but as i already said it was inherent in feudal system - and in poland it was much less severe than in the enlightened western europe . 
  i 'm aware of how sicz formed , however the commonwealth of three nations was blown mostly by ruthenians , not us ( our sejm did n't ratify it , but cossacks were already negotiating the disastrous pereyaslav council ) . 
  let us not forget that the attempts to modernize the commonwealth and give more freedom to the serfs were met with harsh resistance from prussia , austria and russia , which ultimately led to the partitions . 
  we actually wanted to do better , but the surrounding powers could n't afford to have such progressive and powerful neighbour . 
  proofs of what ? 
  i 've already read historical books on the subject , also western ones , as well as listening to direct witness testimony from my grandmother and her mother . 
  what the fuck is cotton bingo ? 
  is that some crude translation of an ukrainian term ? 
  always a pleasure to disgruntle an ukrainian revisionist with facts , 
  first of all , the identity of ukraine did n't exist before 19th century . 
  since then ukraine had their own country independent of poland . 
  second of all , what do you mean by subjugation ? 
  yes , the ancestors of modern ukrainians were primarily serfs in eastern parts of the commonwealth . 
  they lived a harsh life in a feudal system . 
  however , that 's the reality of middle ages - if you were n't gentry , you led a harsh live . 
  the commonwealth had probably the highest percentage of noblemen among populations - as much as 10 % , a lot of which was ruthenian gentry , so it was still much friendlier for the masses than , let 's say , france . 
  you 're adorable in your [ naivety ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy ) . 
  `` after the fall of nazism , the wartime alliances ended and the cold war began . 
  numerous war criminals , protected by chancellor konrad adenauer , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] joined domestic counter-intelligence in order to spy on the soviet agents within the american-occupied zone . 
  the united states army turned to reinhard gehlen previously in the wehrmacht for assistance . 
  [ 13 ] the west german intelligence formed agency 114 ( german : dienststelle 114 ) within the gehlen organization ; headed by alfred benzinger ( a nazi abwehrpolizei ) , who in 1956 launched a coordinated action to move the blame away from the war criminals under various investigations . 
  ** benzinger adopted the deliberately ambiguous , loaded phrase `` polish death camps '' in the mid 1960s in order to suggest , contrarily to the facts , that poles , not germans , were responsible for the mass genocide during world war ii . 
  saudi arabia will never be able to collect any taxes from its citizens .
