  my point is entirely based on modern science , namely genetics . 
  what is your point based on , post-modern ` morality ' ? 
  you mean the babies ? 
  yes , it 's sad that in the 21st century we still have to fight for the right to live for our fellow human beings . 
  jacek hugo-bader actually has some very interesting and insightful series of reportages from former ussr . 
  they were made in early 90s , i guess he has suffered the same delusional paranoia that hit michnik since . 
  then you are already lost . 
  eh , not this proletarian internationalist mumbo-jumbo again . 
  i know a lot of people who went for erasmus , however 95 % of them were studying humanities and did n't really invest themselves much into it . 
  99 % of these people were going for erasmus to party in a warmer country ( mostly spain ) , i have n't actually heard them studying anything onsite . 
  in fact , polish universities do n't even count the year spent on erasmus into the degree . 
  conversely , the foreigners on erasmus in poland do n't have the same responsibilities as natives , as they hardly speak the language . 
  they mostly get a pass regardless of their involvement . 
  claiming erasmus is a study opportunity is false . 
  it is a cross-cultural meeting one , which produces quite a lot of couples , but the educational benefits are probably negative ( basically taking a gap year paid by eu ) . 
  are you implying there are insurmountable physical differences between men and women ? 
  careful , i think that 's mansplaining !, 
  recently facts about corruption in dietary science emerged . 
  basically the carbohydate-producing companies paid a lot of money to researchers throughout the last 50 years or so in order to blame fats . 
  only now novel research actually shows the correlation between carbs and chd . 
  they even discovered a whole new neurosignaling pathway based on some carbohydrate enzymes , one which could play major role not only in heart disease , but also mental ones . 
  fats do n't generally cause cardiovascular diseases like we 've been taught . 
  dietary cholesterol has no correlation with body one . 
  recently , much more emphasis was put on research on carbohydrate effects on these ( it also became apparent that research in last 50 years or so was corrupted by carbohydarate producers , in order to blame fat ) . 
  in poland we eat a lot of white bread , which is rather unhealthy and has a lot of carbohydrates . 
  i think that could be one reason . 
  the development funds are not free money and only ignorants use this argument . 
  we never agreed on any quotas on joining as well . 
  it 's actually not that cheap , to the point it 's pretty much unaffordable for most people . 
  to get a permit and buy a simple handgun it 's easily 10k z\u0142 and a year of training - and you have to actively participate in sport shooting . 
  self-defence permits are impossible to obtain . 
  communists afraid of revolutions . 
  it happens rather frequently , last time by zdf , which i think is a public broadcaster . 
  the issue is even bigger , recently there was a disgusting article by frankfurter runschau , which claimed holocaust was n't perpetuated solely by germans , but in unison with poles . 
  fitness industry is false , because it shows the effects of heavy steroid use and claims it is because of their useless supplements , while in fact 100 % of fitness models are on juice . 
  it 's actually pretty close to polish pronounciation of hiszpania ( heesh-pan-ya ), 
  greek democracy was actually very elite , and certainly no women were allowed to vote . 
  the lie about polish concentration camps was created by germans ( specifically , an ex-nazi spy working for adenauer ) and is still exploited by the german mainstream media . 
  as for economic gain , what do you think about , for example , nordstream then ? 
  you 're right , usa would have done the same ( and probably invade azerbaijan just for the lulz ) . 
  however , that still makes russia a threat for europe ( which i believe it was n't during yeltsin 's reign ) . 
  are you kidding ? 
  libya was the most prosperous nation in whole africa , they built massive public projects such as the great man-made river , newly wed couples had a flat and money given to them for free , the public had massive subsidies to everything from oil to education in western countries . 
  libya was definitely better place to live in for young people than half of europe . 
  then gaddaffi wanted to create his own , gold-backed currency and start selling oil in it , instead of petrodollars . 
  and then all of a sudden he had a massive insurgency in his country , where out of nowhere ` citizens ' started firing heavy weaponry , mortar shells and tanks at the government , while western powers indiscriminately bombed the shit out of the national forces and citizens . 
  do you honestly think such policies are created by presidents , not the deep state/military-industrial complex or the eggheads in mod ? 
  quoting al-jazeera in a discussion about militant islamism is like quoting der sturmer in a discussion about nazis . 
  well , on the other hand these lawful ways would easily get subverted by morsi , as he already established himself as a de facto dictator , influencing all branches of the government , in his short reign . 
  well , since mujahideen were created by cia to fight soviet invasion of afghanistan , he is technically right - but i know what you mean , cue the nyt article describing ben laden as a ` freedom fighter ' . 
  indeed . 
  to be honest , i was not supporting georgia in that war . 
  however , putin did act kind of aggressively . 
  the agency was created by po in 2015 . 
  the article does not say when the funds were embezzled , but my safe bet is that po at least had their share . 
  not really , i 'm actually a classical liberal , complete opposite of pis ' conservative socialism , and have opposed pis in every election . 
  what about the georgian war ? 
   but the polish government want those western companies to locate branches in poland they can then use to keep polish worker wages low and taxing them on the profit they make as a result i 'm not sure where you are getting that . 
  do you honestly think a government whose one of the main ideological stance is to increase real worker wages and reduce foreign capital ownership of major industries would do exactly the opposite , in order to gain minuscule ( yes , they are minuscule as western companies are masters in tax dodging ) tax incomes , which are orders of magnitude lower than what they would get from income taxes and vat on increased salaries ? 
  great , let 's see how these textbook definitions lived up to real world scenarios . 
  unless you want to talk about theoretical systems of governance that are not realizable , but for me that 's a waste of breath . 
  let us also not forget that the term dictatorship of proletariat was extensively used by marx and engels in their basis for socialism and communism , but hey , what did the guys who invented the whole ideology knew , right ? 
  inquistion was dealing only in religious manners and rarely handed out sentences , the myth of burning stakes is a myth , they never had executive means to do that . 
  the stakes were set up using local laws and most of the victims were sentenced for treasonous/anti-state behaviour , not blasphemy , and on local rulers ' judgement , not inquistion 's ( although obviously they often collaborated ) . 
  the only inquisition that executed thousands of people was spanish inquisition , which was not under pope 's command , but under spanish king 's , who used it as another policing agent . 
  the reformation was pretty bad in that it lead to religious wars throughout europe , i 'll give you that . 
  juncker 's declaration of war towards tax havens is the most hypocritical statement of 21st century , right after shroeder 's signing nord stream deals and becoming its tenured board member . 
  yes , it is . 
  show me a socialistic country that was not a totalitarian regime ( maybe besides allende 's chile , but it was more of a social democracy ) . 
  the difference between socialism and communism is that one is a realizable , albeit murderous , political ideology , and the other is a utopia , that can never work in the real world . 
  well , it might be a radical view , but i think they are more akin to a financial pyramid that uses pseudo-spirituality to gather more money . 
  of course , some cynics might say all religions do that , but it 's not true on a systematic level , for instance in catholicism , while in scientology it 's ingrained in the structure of beliefs itself . 
  they also commit conspiracy to interfere with the state , as in the operation snow white . 
  yea , if you claim the pope gets frequent death threats from catholics in poland i need a proof of that better than a random redditor saying ` poles want to kill the pope ! 111 ', 
  which story exactly ? 
  but please , do n't start with crusades , that will only lead to embarrassment . 
  historically socialism is equivalent to totalitarian regimes . 
  he should instead use the word social democracy , which has a completely different , benevolent meaning . 
   and when france wants to force corporations to pay them minimum wage , poland protests and blocks everything at the european level . 
  [ citation needed ]  and poland dares to protest when we wo n't allow corporations to fuck our working class over . 
  disgusting behavior . 
  there is no other word . 
  poland protests , when on one hand eu talks about european values , freedom of movement , freedom of capital , etc. 
  and then france tries to block said freedom of movement and capital in the name of same eu solidarity . 
  that 's not only disgusting , it 's a logical mindfuck that makes no rational sense , besides playing protectionism intra-eu , against the very european values they claim to protect . 
  he also says capitalism is bad and socialism is good , which i think is the main reason people who have actually lived through socialism do n't like him a lot . 
  that 's bullshit and typical weak counter-propaganda - ` islam is bad , but crusaders were so bad too !, 
  ' , ' a u was bij\u0105 murzyn\u00f3w ' - style show me examples of catholics threatening to kill people over pope , or whatever else connected to religion . 
   do you know how much hate current pope gets from conservative catholics in poland ? 
  sure , he gets a lot of hate , since he supports socialism and is against capitalism . 
  however , nobody threatens to kill the pope . 
  scientology is a cancer that should not be regarded as a religion anyway . 
  of course it is authoritarian , even the basic definition requires the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  not to mention every single historical realisation of socialism was a bloody totalitarian regime . 
  i 'm getting the impression that you are redefining words that have intrinsic meaning to fit your left-wing agenda of whitewashing socialist crimes . 
   we do quite a bit more than welfare . 
  when the french and german governments have controlling shares in major corporations it goes quite a bit further than that . 
  several countries actually legislate to make workers representatives required on corporate boards . 
  yet they do so within the capitalism framework and market shares , not authoritarian means as in socialism . 
   and even the welfare was won through decades of worker resistance movements and unions , which were organized by socialists for socialist principles .
