  on a side note , i 've always wondered how much slack left-wing extremists get in europe . 
  jose barroso used to be a militant maoist , responsible for several terrorist attacks , yet he was easily chosen as the chairman of the eu commission . 
  romano prodi , the previous chairman , was involved in the kidnapping and assassination of aldo moro , where he claimed he got information on his whereabouts from an ouja session with a dead politician ( i shit you not , this actually flew ) . 
  on the other hand , if there is even a slight evidence of any right-wing politician having nazi or fascist past , he immediately gets forced to resign and forfeit his political goals forever . 
  for the left it just seems to bolster their support !, 
  you do n't seem to grasp basic biology , or science in general . 
  all your incoherent mumbling is based on your own , faulty , misunderstanding of biology , which you try to hide behind infantile insults and self-appeals to authority ( which are easily challenged , like i 've shown with the wiki article , and before too ) . 
  please , do read a high-school level biology textbook before you continue to ridicule yourself online . 
  btw , i do n't seem to grasp that difference because there is none . 
  what you probably tried to articulate , but lacked the brainpower to envision , is the concept of human personhood . 
  however , this is more of a spiritual question , which can not be answered by objective science , hence i will stick to the tried & tested objective definition that professionals use . 
  is that a real comment or are you just mocking me ? 
  in case of the former , if you could actually read scientific definitions and comprehend them , you 'd know that ` fetus ' is a medical term for a certain period of human ( or mammal ) life - not a ` bunch of not developed cells ' , a description surely suggesting your own undevelopment . 
  happily we are past the days where radicals could arbitrarily decide who is human and who is n't , whether it was race , gender or age . 
  we do have objective science for that now , specifically genetics . 
  i guess this will fall on deaf ears anyway , as you do n't even know what gametes and zygotes are . 
  also , there is no such thing as ` bunch of not developed cells ' . 
  ` bunch of cells ' does not exist as a separate entity , because cells are always part of an organism - in this case , a young human being . 
  characterizing a human being as a ` thinking person ' is also a stretch , for example you are definitely a human being , but certainly not a thinking person . 
  reading basic definitions is really hard , especially if all you have to do is read the first sentence from wikipedia : `` in human development , a fetus or foetus is a prenatal ** human ** between its embryonic state and its birth . '', 
  it is , and the cost for the west has already been enormous . 
  a lot of germans actually think it was n't the best of ideas , and germany is one of the leading world economies . 
  fetus - a human being or animal in the later stages of development before it is born . 
  how hard is it to read an elementary school biology book ? 
   medically to atleast 25th or even longer week of pregnancy there is n't even a discussion if it 's a human or not . 
  this is just a fetus , a bunch of cells growing . 
  your ignorance of basic biological processes is so astounding i 'm surprised you dare to even speak out . 
  please , educate yourself first between trying to manipulate others with your naive misunderstandings . 
  you are only right that there is no discussion - the result of the fertilization of an egg by a sperm is a human embryo , which then develops into a fetus . 
   well i tend to agree with scientists who agree a fetus is n't a child and an abortion is n't murder no scientists would claim fetus is n't a child , because it 's directly opposed to the scientific definition of a fetus - `` a human being or animal in the later stages of development before it is born '' . 
  only those ignorant of biology ( 'em bryo is just a collection of cells and is part of mother 's body ! 111 ' ) claim otherwise . 
  so those like yourself , who can not differentiate between haploid and diploid cells and claim sperm is a human being . 
  we really do n't need sexual education , but we do need a thorough biological one . 
  yes , arguing for complete legalization of abortion citing very rare cases of rape or life-threatening pregnancy is a bullshit argument , i agree . 
  those after-sex pills are much more dangerous than normal contraceptives . 
  you should not use it more than few times in a year tops , they have many side-effects , much more serious than frequent acne , and it 's efficiency is also greatly reduced . 
  if it was n't controlled we would have epidemics of massive hormonal imbalance across teenagers leading to cancer , infertility and other serious health complications . 
  on the other hand , it could be instead controlled by having a very high price , discouraging frequent use - but then the underprivileged would n't have access to it at all . 
  pregnancy is a consequence of having sex . 
  by having sex , you accept the consequences . 
  moreover , anonymous adoptions , the so-called windows of life , are available almost everywhere in poland , no questions asked . 
  nice ad hominems by the way , have you graduate high school yet ? 
  the number of rape and life threatening abortions is minuscule compared to voluntary post-sex ` contraceptive ' ones . 
  it really is a straw man argument for legalizing unrestricted abortions . 
  not to mention he actually agreed in such cases it should be legal . 
  to be exact , in 2015 in poland there were 1040 legal abortions , out of which 43 were done due to possible health hazards and one ( 1 ! ), 
  was done due to a criminal act . 
  the statistics from previous years are even lower . 
  the vast majority of abortions were done because of prenatal screening . 
   is the author really that ignorant ? 
  just because they did n't manage to gather as much support in the last ges does n't mean parties similar to jobbik do n't exist on the polish scene ( kukiz15 , korwin , ruch narodowy etc. ), 
  and do n't affect pis choices . 
  there is a new nationalist party popping up what seems like every other week . 
  compared to them moderates and left wingers have pretty much nothing to choose from , especially now that po under schetyna decided to take a sharp turn to the right . 
  the ideological pluralism on polish political scene effectively does n't exist . 
  none of the parties you mentioned have really anything relevant to jobbik , even ruch narodowy is much more tame than them . 
  the reason left-wing is out of parliament is because of years of corruption and inefficiency from sld , which society remembers . 
  other niche parties like razem are too radical and out-of-touch with society needs , displayed by their 3 % in last elections . 
   i 've read the report and it 's quite clearly based on our 2014 performance . 
  notice how all reported breaches of press ' freedom ( including the infamous tape wiring scandal ) happened in 2014 . 
  i imagine the 2016 report wo n't look so pretty for us , especially since freedom house has already reported about the authoritarian slippery slope cee is sliding fast right now ( ctrl + f `` turning to xenophobia in central europe '' ) what exactly did pis do to curb freedom speech ? 
  inb4 grabbing state media , which is not relevant ( state media has always spread propaganda ) and has always happened after elections . 
   this is n't a good thing . 
  it 's what lead to creation and rise of parody parties such as kukiz15 in the first place . 
  i guess you are one of the ` let 's leave governing to the people with experience ' folks , most of which are ex-communists , ex-secret service informants or outright frauds . 
  or maybe are you against parties with wide political spectrum , in that case i guess you despise po as well ? 
   soros is like the third favourite bogeyman for all the nationalist nuts out there , next to da joos and ze germans . 
  i mean , see for yourself , some of them post here regularly on r/europe . 
  does anybody with even rudimentary reading comprehension skills really do n't believe soros supports a lot of what 's happening in europe , especially the migrant crisis ? 
  he even said it himself in numerous interviews , moreover the leaflets convincing migrants to illegally cross borders and to lie to migration officers were funded by osf and other soros ' spawn . 
  why are pseudo-intellectuals and pseudo-humanists like yourself always calling anybody with a different opinion a racist ? 
  indeed , i thought bisons live in dense forests , like the ones in bia\u0142owie\u017ca national park . 
  it was a hyperbole presenting the futility of his conclusion . 
  that 's assuming consciousness is located in the brain and relies on known mechanisms , which i have repeatedly shown is not supported by any direct evidence . 
  the burden of proof actually lies on you , i asked you for specific evidence of process of consciousness from molecular level and you just reply with a generic ` it 's working like a neuron ' or ` it 's part of the brain ' , without presenting any paper , or even a link , and treating it as an absolute truth . 
  even the introductory lines of wikipedia on the subject present it as a pretty much undefined field : `` experimental research on consciousness presents special difficulties , due to the lack of a universally accepted operational definition . 
  in the majority of experiments that are specifically about consciousness , the subjects are human , and the criterion used is verbal report : in other words , subjects are asked to describe their experiences , and their descriptions are treated as observations of the contents of consciousness . '', 
  `` discovering and characterizing neural correlates does not offer a theory of consciousness that can explain how particular systems experience anything at all , or how and why they are associated with consciousness , the so-called hard problem of consciousness '' also , i 'm not hinting at spiritual ` soul ' , that 's a different question altogether . 
  however , to me , mechanical solutions to problem of consciousness are naive and infantile - i personally believe in quantum solution presented by penrose . 
  let me ask you another question - a year ago the overwhelming consensus was that there was virtually no immune cell access to the brain . 
  yet , somehow after 2000 years of anatomy study , a new lymphatic pathway was found in the brain , which is already considered a major impactor on diseases , such as mental health problems like autism . 
  if we could n't find a simple lymphatic node using mri , cat and all other wonderful tools we have , how probable is it that we really have any kind of meaningful understanding of the most complex system in the world ? 
   and laws are written with evidence in mind , not philosophical theories . 
  yes , and that 's why we generally do n't euthanize people with brain damage - we still do n't know if they can be saved and killing them can be immoral . 
  same as killing of a potentially conscious embryo . 
   and since we know that any thought process , including consciousness , in generated by the brain , it follows that the lack thereof means a lack of consciousness . 
  first of all , do we know that ? 
  what about pns and its role , or role of neurotransmitters across the body , or the possible quantum entanglement across different cells ? 
  secondly , why do you think consciousness is a thought process at all - that 's a pretty heavy assumption ? 
  excuse me , but you seem to ` believe ' in a lot of things that , unlike evidence-based medicine you praise , have no experimental validation and are just repetitive cliches - such as ` fat is bad for you ' , that although lacking concrete evidence was still taken as absolute truth for decades . 
  until we have complete and experimentally tested model of human consciousness we can not take such bolds stands as yourself , especially since human life depends on it . 
  possibly . 
  in polish culture it 's also frowned upon to murder somebody - should we lift the ban , hoping nothing would happen ? 
  abortion is banned because it is a killing of a unique individual , not as many pro-choicers claim just to make women 's life miserable . 
  either we cherish life and protect every single human , or we decide some lives are more important than others . 
  that 's a subjective definition , not a scientific one . 
  are cats conscious ? 
  are cockroaches conscious ? 
  you can only judge consciousness from within a conscious mind . 
  do you have any direct experimental evidence that firing neurons produce consciousness ?
