  zus on the other hand is a perfect example of a ponzi scheme , albeit a state one . 
  first of all , money in ofe was real , cash . 
  zus is all virtual , so saying it 's more secure can only be met with patronising laughter . 
  second of all , the state bonds that ofe bought were stabilizing polish market , from foreign speculacy , the recent crisis on warsaw markets could be reduced with its help . 
  of course , the costs of ofe were too large and too many concession were made to the funds , nothing a new law couldnt fix . 
  canadians apologizing is nothing new , but swiss wo n't take any shit from anybody - they will change the laws only if people vote for it in referendum and they have a long history of voting against any proposition pushed by foreign governments . 
  switzerland has a very harsh assimilation programme too , so there is no option not to . 
  can they deport an illegal mother of us child ? 
  would the child go to foster homes then ? 
  lubelskie , i live in lublin , but my family 's from rural parts of it and galicia/volhyn, 
  most of the polish jews were assimilated pretty well - at least compared to anywhere else in europe , from where they were banished for centuries . 
  however , a large part of communists , including high-level leaders of both ussr and later polish government were jews . 
  the whole article seems to vilify us , poles , because we do n't give the refugees bigger benefits than we do to our countrymen . 
  this kind of viewpoint is not only ungrateful , coming from a refugee who supposedly knows how poland works and how much people earn , but also unfair to polish people - `` you are poor so you are bad '' . 
  the cost of a single refugee is many times higher than any kind of help a polish person can get . 
  moreover , the ngo that sponsors the immigration of syrian christians ( fundacja estera ) spends even more private money , also mine because i am one of the donors - and still they are ungrateful . 
  what is more , czechens are the last ones to complain , we have already taken about 200k of them in the 90s and apparently these have assimilated just fine , even though poland in the 90s was an absolute wreck . 
  considering the part about school - this is absolute lies . 
  education is compulsory in poland , also for refugees , and the school 's principle has direct responsibility of getting that done . 
  also , the choice of school is made district-wise , so the principle has no say in that as well . 
  to be honest , this seems like a fabricated piece , the only people quoted by name are pro-immigration activist and all other details are vague . 
  neither , in my part of poland there is only santa claus . 
  it 's interesting that how some people doublethink that ukraine is both perfectly safe and in constant brutal warfare with bad putin . 
  as usual for people commenting on the topic , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  poland has given over 400k legal work permits this year , not because we like to give our jobs to ukrainians , but because it 's impossible and/or costly for them to get refugee status - not to mention it is insulting . 
  hence , the polish government basically issued thousands of work permits , on top of over 50k student visas , instead of waiting years for the ever-increasing bureaucracy at brussels to even convene on the issue . 
  of course you will now diminish that by saying ukrainians are not true refugees , bla bla bla , while at the same time your ` syrian ' refugee centers are full of central african immigrants . 
  and next day you will upvote news about new artillery shelling campaign in donbas . 
  i 'm polish and i 've never heard of anything else but santa claus , i was not even aware things like gwiazdor existed . 
   when catholic church started moving towards non-latin masses , church in both lithuanian and polish parts of the commonwealth pushed for polish masses . 
  some people went against that and tried to push lithuanian in churches . 
  some people believed that `` god does n't understand peasant languages '' . 
  oh , okay , that makes sense - although i guess that only started in late 16th century . 
   the common knowledge in lithuania is he did . 
  i know poland thinks differently . 
  i 'm under impression that the root of this is that poles consider those who spoke polish poles . 
  while lithuanians do n't agree with that and take people who called lithuanian their homeland as lithuanians . 
  even though their main language was polish . 
  we can only agree to disagree on this  on the other hand , i think common knowledge elsewhere is that he was polish  anyway , you 're right , he was a prolific writer and a great national hero of both our countries nevertheless . 
  as for the commonwealth , i share the sentiment . 
  i think we really were a powerful and well-adjusted force back in the days , with both ( or rather three , with ruthenians ) nations flourishing , sadly we got divided and conquered . 
  maybe one day we 'll come to live in a new commonwealth too , 
   mickevi\u010dius himself said he was lithuanian , but wrote in polish  the lands there ethnically lithuanian since forever . 
  peasants were not allowed to move at all till 1863 . 
  so there was no chance of poles moving in till then . 
  i should probably stop after the fantasy land of the first sentence , but i 'll catch the bait  mickiewicz was 100 % polish and said that at all times . 
  he wrote ` litwo , ojczyzno moja ' - ` lithuania , my homeland ' , which meant exactly what i wrote - he was part of the large polish minority on lithuanian soil . 
  he never considered him lithuanian , and nobody does , seemingly except you and some lithuanian nationalists . 
  as far as i know it was n't the peasants that moved , but gentry ( mickiewicz was part of it ) . 
  also , the baltic , ruthenian , polish and russian minorities are easily seen in lithuanian lands , how do you explain that if we were to accept your claim that there was no major demographics movement ? 
  what is more , i 'm pretty sure peasants were n't allowed to move anywhere , at any time . 
  however , if the peasants ' lord got new lands , he could move some of his serfs to the new location . 
  considering the polonisation , you are right . 
  as far as i know polish was the state language and also the lingua franca of the gentry , which lead to voluntary polonisation across the years . 
  as you say , the split was very pronounced in religion , where the ruthenians were orthodox , with masses in ruthenian/old russian , and poles were catholics , with masses in latin ( i 'm not aware of masses in polish in poland , i thought they were actually forbidden by the pope ) . 
   it 's still not a coup 18 months later . 
  of course it 's a coup . 
  to become a revolution something major must 've changed , and this thread shows that little did . 
   two thirds of ukrainians have ukrainian has a mother tongue , less than one third of ukrainians have russian as a mother tongue , and all of ukraine speaks ukrainian . 
  [ 1 ] if by speaking ukrainian you mean looking at speakers of the language as inferior peasants from the west , then yes you are correct . 
  the east of ukraine uses predominantly russian and i 'm not sure why you are trying to lie about it . 
  my mum is a teacher , she has a new ukrainian girl from dnipropetrovsk . 
  she does n't speak a word of ukrainian , she 's never even heard it . 
  what is even more funny , most of your elites ca n't speak proper ukrainian either - including the klitchko brothers and your russian-speaking prime minister :d i know of the growing animosity towards russia in ukraine , but you can not just dismiss the ties of your countrymen . 
   only 17 % of ukraine is ethnically russian . 
  [ 2 ] and the only oblast where non-ethnic ukrainians are a majority is crimea . 
  almost fits ( half of half = 25 % ) . 
   out of 27 ukrainian oblasts , only parts of 2 are in rebellion , and in both those oblasts the ethnic-russian rebels are the minority in their own province . 
  yes , and how many other russian speaking ukrainians have sympathy for them ? 
  the region party won the elections in odessa lately , which is far away from the border . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  also , if the ethnic russian rebels are a minority , how come most of the oblast is rebelling ? 
  would n't they just go to the other side if they supported ukraine ? 
   i 'm not sure what this is even supposed to mean . 
  you do n't see ukraine as it 's own country ? 
  i guess start here , [ 4 ] and then keep going . 
  [ 5 ] the pillars on which the national ukrainian identity lies , such as taras shevchenko , the atrocities of upa or the cossack culture , are a modern tradition , just like ukraine as a nation is . 
  of course , ukrainians claim to be direct descendants of the kievan rus ( which was itself a very loose federation of minor dukes ) , but that has little historical significance . 
  i do n't want to diminish ukrainian identity at all , however one must be concious of its origins . 
  well , that 's not exactly true because the ` colonisation ' started only after \u017beligowski 's affair , by the time of which poles were already a majority in vilnus and in the surrounding lands . 
  i am not sure why there was such a huge number of poles there , but it predated the second polish republic by at least a century . 
  they were ethnic poles or polonized lithuanian gentry , for instance our poet adam mickiewicz was born in these lands . 
  depends on which eastern lands you mean . 
  if that 's galicia and volhynia , then that 's incorrect - they were ethnically mixed polish-ruthenian for a thousand years , most of which under polish or commonwealth rule . 
  the lithuanian part was , well lithuanian/ruthenian ( also commonwealth ) , although wilno had polish majority in the 20s . 
  you are missing the very important fact that things have already worked that way in the past , without any of the crisises or problems we face today . 
  the problems are created by the same process you think will solve it , statism , it 's really just make believe and hope bureaucracy will solve anything versus historical data . 
  afaik karta polaka gives you a lot of benefits , much more than being polish even , for instance free room in the student houses , which are otherwise very hard to get . 
  i think those without need to pay for the studies , but it 's not much , something like 1000 euro per year . 
  there are few tensions , as we are culturally , ethnically and lingustically very similar . 
  also , ukrainian girls are definitely most beautiful beings on the planet , which helps a lot . 
  the problems that rarely come up origin from upa and ukrainian denial/ignorance of the quite recent genocide . 
  in general i think majdan improved image of ukrainians in general polish perspective . 
  the reason these are not refugees is because poland does n't consider whole of ukraine a war zone . 
  moreover , the process of getting asylum is lengthy and costy . 
  instead , the polish government basically streamlined the process of giving legal work permits to ukrainians , on top of the ` polish card ' for those who claim polish ancestry , which resulted in record over 400 thousands permits this year , on top of 30-50k students . 
  the whole distinction between ukrainian refugees and immigrants is even blurier , even a lot of students actually dodge the draft by coming to poland . 
  i 'll try to comment on the issues i have knowledge about . 
   in the 1930s the oun , formed in vienna , austria , conducted a terrorist campaign in poland , which included the assassination of prominent polish politicians such as interior minister bronis\u0142aw pieracki , and polish and ukrainian moderates such as tadeusz ho\u0142\u00f3wko . 
  it 's worth noting that a lot of ukrainians ( also communist revolutionaries , not only nationalists ) , who were convicted of treason during those years were set free before the war ended , which was imho a big mistake .
