   really ? 
  all nazis were brutal and relentless ? 
  where does oskar schindler fit into that narrative ? 
  or the hitlerjugend , whose helmets were too big for their heads yet were still given rifles to defend berlin with ? 
  a romanticized story of a nazi helping jews , produced by hollywood ; and a pathetic ` think of the children ' argument ? 
  this is how you want to fight history of the biggest atrocity in the history of mankind ? 
  try better . 
   sorry to hear that , but unfortunately that makes your impartiality when speaking of these matters very questionable . 
  it also gives me access to primary and secondary sources , unlike your perspective which is driven by ideological revisionism of west germany , translated to english . 
   how ? 
  stalin had a mind of his own at the time . 
  they let stalin do whatever he wanted with poland and its citizens . 
  great fucking ally , many thanks . 
   yeah the brits caused auschwitz they allowed it to operate , when they could 've stopped it . 
  indifference is a crime too . 
   all of them ? 
  yes . 
   assumptions and guesswork based on horror stories written by the victors is hardly going to get you closer to the truth . 
  at one time everyone thought they had committed the atrocities at katy\u0144 and made soap out of jews too . 
  i have personal stories related to these death camps and poland was not the victor . 
  trying to spin it as allied propaganda is a low move and an uneducated one . 
  indeed , coupled with modern german revisionism . 
  abhorrent , i hope they get downvoted to oblivion , because right now it looks bleak . 
  again , revisionism , relativism and nazi apologetics . 
  grow up . 
  ` may have ' ` maybe ' you are trying very hard , but failing . 
  we know for certain he was member of the murderous machine , and directly present at the death camps premises . 
  that 's enough of evidence for summary execution , not to mention actual trial . 
   vindictive harassment of an old man . 
  or maybe justice for a war criminal ? 
  you 're such a revisionist . 
  are you german ? 
  they could have bombed the railways leading to the camp , like pilecki suggested . 
  would at least stop the killings for a few months . 
  instead , they ignored it and let pilecki get murdered by the communists . 
  same happened with karski 's report in usa . 
  the allies have death camp blood on their hands and they should finally admit it . 
  revisionism much ? 
  of course they knew , adenauer 's government actively harboured and destroyed evidence of nazi atrocities . 
  but you are right , he should be put on trial no matter his age . 
  you do n't know if he killed anybody . 
  considering how brutal and relentless the nazis were , especially the medical staff , i 'm pretty sure he has blood on his hands . 
  first of all , he was part of ss . 
  the fucking ss . 
  that is a case strong enough for capital punishment . 
  i believe this is right , although they should have been imprisoned years ago . 
  the west germany government actively harboured and helped nazis get away with this , so they are to blame - ` the great hero ' konrad adenauer was surrounded by ex-nazi advisors , he 's really a pathetic revisionist . 
  justice must be inevitable , else the whole system fails . 
  does n't matter if you 're 90 , have cancer , or are sorry for your atrocities . 
  you still have to pay . 
  what is more , i 'm pretty sure none of you visited an actual death camp . 
  i live in a town with majdanek and i see it every week . 
  for you it 's just a fairy tale , a movie location . 
  you are right , he already said that . 
  economics is not a hard science and it does n't follow the scientific method at all . 
  however , it is still important in assessing situation , it 's just it 's not a falsifiable and hence can not be seen as absolute . 
  what ? 
  is this the ` who will build the roads ' argument ? 
  :d i am not calling for anarcho-capitalism here , just reduction of the well known bureaucratical monstrosity that has been ruling france since the ancien regime . 
  as a former communist country you should know very well how statism ends . 
  btw , schools and power plants , even highways , are private in a lot countries . 
  for instance , out of 10 top universities 8 are private . 
  are you suggesting they are of mediocre quality ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they are better than your public ones , even the topmost charles university - and by orders of magnitude . 
  of course they have major problems , mostly caused by interventionist policies of the ebc and the general statism and inefficiency of brussels nomenclature , but they are not heading for collapse . 
  and countries outside of eurozone are actually doing very good . 
  the idea is same . 
  you have a state-owned , inefficient and outdated industry , which if left to operate on market terms would immediately go bankrupt . 
  subsidizing such a business is a cost to the whole society , which again , only benefits the steelworkers . 
  `` the following year a large chunk of the british steel industry was renationalised ( it had been nationalised for a few years in the early 1950s ) . 
  in 1970 the new british steel had a record output of 23.8 million tonnes ( 4.7 percent of the world total , down from 25 percent in 1929 ) . 
  but the industry was now being run for political rather than economic ends and massive over-manning and consequent low productivity became endemic . 
  by 1977 output had actually fallen to 20 million tonnes ( 3 percent of the world total ) . 
  ** by 1978 british steel was operating at just two-thirds capacity . 
  and by 1979 , british steel workers were a third less productive than their french competitors and 40 percent less productive than west german steel workers . 
  ** in the fiscal year 1978-1979 british steel lost # 309 million . 
  this rose to # 545 million the following year , one in which workers struck for six weeks for a 20 percent pay rise . 
  they got it , but my dad , who worked in a steel works in sheffield at the time , said that by the time they went back to work their foreign customers had gone elsewhere . 
  in 1980-1981 , british steel lost a staggering # 1 billion on turnover of # 3 billion , earning itself a place in the guinness book of records . 
  by contrast the output of britain 's small private sector steel industry doubled between 1967 and 1979 , from 3 million tonnes to 6 million tonnes . 
  between 1967 and 1974 employment in the british steel industry fell from 250,000 to 197,000 . 
  and by 1990 it had fallen again by 74 percent to 51,000 . 
  but other developed countries also saw drastic declines in employment in their steel industries in the same period . 
  in france , for example , employment fell by 70 percent , while in the united states it fell by 60 percent . 
  even germany lost 46 percent of its steel workforce . '', 
  no , i respect him , but his economic positions , as a hardcore keynesian , are hardly a news story and referring to them as the absolute truth on austerity passed down by the one , true economist is stupid . 
  especially when there 's dozens of examples of how austerity does work , and none of showing how increasing government expenditure does . 
  the coal industry was heavily subsidized , that means it was inefficient . 
  since the coal they produced , even when subsidized , was much more expensive than imported one , it was useless . 
  coal miners , who were the only people who benefited from these subsidies , were an incredibly small part of society . 
  here you go pal . 
   not really disagreeing here . 
  the issue is how to fix it . 
  scrap it and rewrite from scratch . 
   income is not taken , it is redistributed . 
  by itself , that figure is not any indicator of economic performance . 
  it really depends of the economic efficiency of the weath redistribution . 
  no , the issue is taking money from people , who make efficient decisions , and giving them to clerks , who do n't make efficient decisions and eat up large part of the sum and then give only part of it back to arbitrarily chosen group of people . 
   yes but it comes with a ton of loopholes , exceptions , special rules , etc. . . theese figures do n't tell the whole story , far from it . 
  that 's even worse .
