  the countries with well-developed economies , who can afford to switch to ` green ' energies . 
  for example , germany and france ( both highly nuclear/renewable ) pushing harsh co2 limits on poland ( virtually only coal , most coal reserves in europe ) , which has already contributed to the impeding energy crisis in poland ( because of green protests , we stopped building nuclear plants in the 90s , now we have power shortages and will continue to have them for at least for 10 years ) . 
  also the producers of the ` green ' energy . 
  that depends , for instance the eu import duty depends on engine size . 
  it 's still a [ broken window fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) . 
  if the money was not taken from the people in the first place , both the economy and the citizens would be better off . 
  on the other hand , i think pretty much every eu country has additional taxes on engine size and/or emissions . 
  maybe not decrease it to us levels then , but meet halfway . 
  ignorance of the law excuses no one . 
   retardian is that a nickname for the guardian ? 
  seriously curious . 
   sooooo you are totally going to ignore that part where rome have conquered multiple sovereign nations ? 
  the fall was mainly caused by uncontrolled migration of germanic tribes from outside of the empire . 
  please stop insulting yourself and read on the subject before you comment . 
   i thought i was already pretty clear on that few posts back . 
  yes , your inability to present arguments has been noted from the beginning . 
   i have repliedto almost every post last half an hour , and yes i ignored `` rome '' because i have no idea wtf you meant by that . 
  the fall of roman empire , which started with immigration . 
  really hard to miss that one , have you had any kind of historical education at all ? 
   lol . 
  okay , i guess we ended the discussion here , as it 's impossible to discuss anything with such an ignoramus . 
  by the way , i noticed you think colonialism was built on immigration - how cutely ignorant of you . 
  also , immigration to usa actually resulted in death of nearly all the natives , but how could you know that ? 
  go educate yourself please . 
   tbh i do n't remember from history a single instance where immigration resulted in something bad . 
  that 's a statement . 
  then you wrote about the obvious benefits of immigration , without providing any kind of evidence of your claims . 
  you even ended the question with an insult , claiming i live in denial , still failing to provide a single example . 
  also , tell me how his is different : `` tbh i do n't remember from history a single instance where immigration resulted in something bad '' vs `` immigration has never harmed anyone in the history of the mankind '' please , either stop wasting my time or start discussing the meritum . 
  seriously man , start using logic and reasoning instead of writing incoherent ad hominems and irrelevant banter . 
  you stated an opinion , that was destroyed by multiple evidence . 
  when presented with your failure , you resort to some kind of straw man arguments , picking parts of my posts and ` refuting ' them , while never even touching the main subject . 
  and then you write ' i do n't even know to discuss with people like you ' - the problem is you do n't know how to discuss at all , it seems . 
   i could write the same about because you have n't provided an example of backward logic . 
  do you really want to play this game ? 
  honestly , i am not interested . 
  i did - rome . 
  you have n't replied to that or to any other lists redditors posted . 
  i thought 's obvious that most of the economic growth in europe was built on immigrants , from maghreb in france , from turkey in germany , from multiple colonies in uk , and basically whole amercian dream was based on immigrants . 
  do you really live in such a denial ? 
  yes i live in denial . 
  if it 's obviously obvious , then give me the data . 
  hard , economic data , not an article in guardian . 
   no , but you mentioned `` leftists '' explicitly . 
  leftists politicians benefit from increased power base and viewing themselves as humanitarian , while big business benefits from lower wages . 
  a synergistic relationship . 
  bulgarians and romanians are white - however , as a pole who has lived in uk for 6 years i 'm aware of the media bias . 
  i was talking mainly about pakistani , bangladeshi , etc. 
  immigrants , that actually live in closed societies ( not really ghettos , because they are not poor ) , where there are people who ca n't speak even english , because they created their own pakistani ecosystem . 
  tells quite a story about you , especially as the guy who started the discussion by stating ` immigration has never harmed anyone in the history of the mankind ' , and now when overwhelmed by facts you either dismiss them arbitrarily or just outright say you will not discuss it . 
  keep up the ignorance . 
  what ? 
  if by that you mean dictatorship of the majority , aka democracy - then yes . 
  because a big country can never intentionally destroy a culture , mainly by a demographics war ( hint : kosovo and tbh pretty much every place ottomans went to ) . 
  source : ottoman empire . 
  i find it funny that an american has to explain to a european guy the reservations against forfeiting independence and accepting large influx of foreign people . 
   there is zero probability of poland becoming less homogeneous in next 50 years because we are not attractive economically . 
  if we left it to the polish society to decide , then yes . 
  however , we have this big supergovernment that likes to dictate stuff to us , maybe you heard of it ? 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure all the recent bashing of poland on the immigration issue is sponsored by the unelected oligarchy of the eu commission . 
  if only we could keep the power to vote on such issues domestically , we are an independent country after all ... 
  not really , they do n't immigrate here . 
  we have a lot of ukrainians though , probably around 800k . 
  they do work hard and assimilate too , so they are definitely not a problem , rather an asset . 
  they do n't , but the eu wants to forcefully relocate them in concentration camps in poland . 
  should we allow it , considering the whole society is very against it , and the act of forcefully keeping them here would not be humanitarian at all ? 
  point being your arbitraly refutal is arbitrary . 
  russian immigration to baltic was detrimental , just as immigration and polonization in russia and just as virtually any other immigration is . 
   i am not refuting , i am trying to find possible link to situation nowadays and sometimes i do , sometimes i do n't , i try to bring up some arguments when i see situation is vastly different . 
  you are not bringing any arguments , you dismiss all the evidence using some backwards logic , while at the same time failing to prove even a single instance where mass immigration was actually beneficial . 
  there was no mass migration without a war before , because no civilization was as dumb as europeans in that matter . 
   gee and i always thought that capitalists wanted cheap work force , thanks for clearing that up mate . 
  they do , who do you think sponsors political parties ? 
  just because a party shows ` social ' policies , does n't mean it does n't endorse business . 
  however , these are clearly distinct economic and political needs - as you noticed the situation benefits both areas , so they do cooperate . 
  that has never happened , because there was never a more ` progressive ' society than europe 's one . 
  of course , progressive here means idiotic and self-destructing , it 's akin to trojan horse - the trojans also voluntarily accepted the horse , unaware of the consequences . 
  except russification and colonization has been happening since the first russian-commonwealth wars in the 16th century . 
  you wanted to start a discussion and you refute all the points saying ` oh this is a special case , this is bosnia , this is a military invasion ' . 
  if you keep cherry-picking your facts you can prove anything - fact is the western multiculti propaganda is a hideous , leftist plot , that has failed to bring any positives , besides increased voting base for the left in the form of immigrants , who always vote for increased benefits , even if they are conservatives themselves . 
  it 's different to blame immigrants in uk ( actually only poles and romanians , since you can not discuss non-white immigration at all ) , whose vast majority contribute to the society and the economy - to the unemployed , barely swedish-speaking , whole life on benefits and promoting his own backwards culture scourge from sweden . 
  let 's start with the crown example - rome . 
  i can guess it 's international then , 
  they did , but the world today really is a different place . 
  nato with us help could defeat russia in any war . 
  i was talking about situation without us , where only european countries would fight . 
  not sure if that 's what op was referring to , but there is some evidence that tusk 's last party ( kld ) , which had most of po people too , was financed by cdu in the 90s . 
  the revelation comes from one of the prominent po and kld leaders , pawe\u0142 piskorski , who was directly involved in the payments , as well as other politicians . 
  however , all of them changed party affiliation in the meantime so there is some doubt about their motives . 
  yes , but in western countries , not in poland or finland . 
  anyway , this is still relevant - once again we surrender the defense to some far away government . 
  the world has changed - so has war . 
  within today 's globalized society a major war can not profit any superpower . 
  look how easily russia is crippled economically , and these are mild measures anyway . 
  this is especially true for usa-europe-china relationship , which well-being is in the mutual interest of the whole world . 
  see , that 's our problem . 
  we look for usa to come from halfway around the world . 
  if all countries in central , eastern and northearn europe built professional , modern armies of their own and coordinated within nato or some other arrangements , not necessarily with us , then russians could be halted , maybe even defeated if nuclear was not an option . 
  pretty sure the same is happening in poland , albeit quasi-legally . 
   how much rare earth metals to build batteries is there in the world ?
