  coal plant radiation and pollution , not to mention frequent accidents , kill millions of people annually . 
  because there are no adequate replacements for base load power generation other than coal or gas . 
  some countries have the possiblity to use hydropower , but that 's a minority and also has tremendous environmental and construction costs . 
   yeah , you might not want to mention romanians in relation to crime in sweden or western europe overall ... 
  i guess you meant the roma , an indian tribe of nomadic people ? 
   lithuanians and poles in sweden have people to look down on and against whom they could measure themselves positively are you really suggesting slavic nations get their happiness from looking down on their neigbhours ? 
  that 's probably most xenophobic thing i read here , and i rarely use the word . 
  also , if lithuanians are elevated to middle class by receiving minimal salary in sweden relative to lithuania , why do n't somalis do the same , if the salary they receive is not several times bigger , but orders of magnitude ? 
  by your logic they should be super content . 
  they did n't arrest any of the rioters though , they retreated instead . 
  no , he did n't , i appreciate his quest for sources , a feat worthy of a curious man . 
  yea , i know about such estates , i 've lived 5 years in edinburgh and another in london , i 've seen it first hand . 
  `` but the reality is that gun homicides are overwhelmingly tied to gang violence . 
  in fact , a staggering 80 % of gun homicides are gang-related . 
  according to the center for disease control ( cdc ) , gang homicides accounted for roughly 8,900 of 11,100 gun murders in both 2010 and 2011 . 
  that means that there were just 2,200 non gang-related firearm murders in both years in a country of over 300 million people and 250 million guns . 
  cities such as chicago , detroit , philadelphia , los angeles , cleveland , and new orleans all have very high per-capita murder rates . 
  individual police estimates usually find at least 65 % and often more than 80 % of all murders in those cities are gang-related . '', 
  http://jpfo.org/articles-assd03/gun-stats-perspective.htm https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr61/nvsr61_06.pdf, 
  you 're joking right ? 
  there is not a place in poland , the recent scapegoat for racism , xenophobia and all the other made up charges by the leftists , where a news crew would be attacked , i guarantee you that . 
  in fact , the delinquent youths would endorse tv coverage . 
  well , actually , there might be some places like the - gypsy encampments , which only proves the point . 
  if the police can not go to a neighbourhood to uphold the law , in this place arrest of a wanted fugitive , that 's a no-go zone by definition , i.e. 
  place where the common law is not implemented . 
  that 's actually a very good point and relevant to any publicly-funded endeavour . 
   and does it not occur to you that the parents ' culture and the resulting upbringing of their children is heavily , if not solely , determined by their lack of wealth , poor life choices and resulting overall misery and resentment of all things people living without existential instability cherish ? 
  not really , since that 's an apologetic lie . 
  how many lithuanians , poles or romanians do you see rioting in sweden ? 
  because they sure came from similar poor background , yet still a christian culture . 
  and 80 % of us homicides is intraracial black or latino gang member violence . 
  throwing stones at people 's head is easily attempted murder . 
  have you ever been hit with a flying brick in the head ? 
  skulls are not made out of adamantium . 
  that 's a very naive approach . 
  smoking increases likelihood of lung cancer by 15 . 
  however , non-smoking population almost does n't get lung cancer at all , so 15x almost nothing is still not much . 
  does that mean smoking is harmless ? 
  in uk most shops , even little corner shops , as well as big chains like tesco , have a polish aisle and quite a lot of polish beers ( although mostly of low quality , like \u017bywiec or tyskie ) . 
  we almost built [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbarnowiec_nuclear_power_plant ) , but retards made it close before operation . 
  there are plans to build one in early 2020s now , as we are in deep shit energetically already . 
  bandera never fought the germans , even after they had a falling out the germans still financed him . 
  interesting . 
  to be honest , croatian involvement with the nazi germany , extermination of the serbs and the post-yugoslavia admiration of the ustashe , which obviously contributed to the balkan wars , really should be common knowledge for europeans . 
  it 's not merely a liking issue , i bet they think giving such a person a democratical voice would empower her , possibly leading to change of their traditional lives . 
  the iraqi kurdistan has direct democracy on some scale . 
  it is well-developed and modern according to me standards , of course . 
  rojava is better off economically than probably any other part of syria . 
  both kurdistans are not completely secular , but they value separation of church and state . 
  anyhow , my comment was merely a reflection on assigning the same level of societal enlightenment to oriental countries . 
  i agree , swiss seem to have their shit together . 
  on a side note , i do n't understand how people can think foreign nationals have rights equal to citizens in any european country . 
  they are guests and they should behave like guests . 
  this often comes into play when discussing immigrants , people quoting constitutions ' points about equal access to education , health care , etc. 
  - they forget one crucial thing - constitutional rights only apply to citizens of that country , and the countries most elementary duty is to protect these citizens - even , or especially , if it comes at a cost for foreign nationals . 
  mob rule , as in direct democracy ? 
  i also have concerns with democracy , major ones , however it still seems to be the best system out there on average . 
  i support the right of every citizen to voice his concerns and votes through any legal means . 
  switzerland is lucky enough to have a participatory system on a local scale as well , and they should use it whenever they feel like it . 
  swiss people are very keen on rules and following them , if they introduced rules to vote on neighbour citizenships themselves , they should use it . 
  since when do muslim countries have direct democracy with universal suffrage ? 
  * ** besides kurdistan , which is secular , modern and well developed - and has surprisingly minimal support from the west given its unique position and role . 
  the swiss rural communites are very traditional and want to stay that way . 
  cow bells are one of the hallmarks of alpine tradition , i understand that local citizens do not want somebody showing open contempt to their way of life getting citizenship . 
  are you saying that natural-born citizens of switzerland should n't have say to whom naturalization procedures apply ? 
  in my opinion that 's even more troubling , from democractical perspective , than not allowing people to vote on refugees ' rights to stay . 
  you are correct , there is also another protective effect from so2 pollution forming sulfur aerosols , which are highly reflective . 
  sadly , all these cooling-forming pollutants are also highly dangerous to humans , causing respiratory problems and cancer worldwide . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratospheric_sulfur_aerosols ), 
  yes , in most cases that 's pretty much what happens . 
  statism is not only communism though , it is every system that tends to increase state 's interference with citizens ' lives , be it italian fascism or european union . 
  sometimes these companies are also used to make money by politicians , by nepotism or outright corruption . 
  there is an excellent book on the subject from ludwig mises - i highly suggest reading it https://mises.org/library/bureaucracy . 
   government-run companies only aim to prevent losses . 
  haha , that 's a good one mate . 
  government-run companies , as all bureaucracies , only aim to increase their workbase , in order to increase people 's reliance on public money , and hence voting pro-gov and an increase in statism . 
  he wo n't find it , because it 's a lie he likes to perpetrate . 
  `` by 9 april , police in cologne had identified 153 suspects , 24 of whom were in investigative custody . 
  149 of the 153 suspects of the cologne crimes were non-germans ; 103 of the 153 suspects were from morocco or algeria . 
  68 persons were asylum seekers ; 18 were residing in germany illegally , and the legal status of 47 persons was unclear . 
  four persons were underage , unaccompanied refugees . 
  [ ... ] on 7 june , a federal criminal police office report confirmed that most of the perpetrators were of north african origin and had arrived in germany during the european migrant crisis . 
  investigative results about the perpetrators were congruent with witnesses ' statements . 
  perpetrators benefited from weak criminal prosecution and low police presence . 
  group dynamics and personal frustration among the offenders also fuelled the crimes . 
  the report also linked the assaults to the phenomenon of taharrush jamai in arab countries . '', 
  well , that ` crazy conspiracy theory ' about us dollar was actually proven by leaked emails between sarkozy and clinton . 
  do tell me - are you really such an incredible moron or are you just acting to troll me ? 
  you are either deliberately lying or incredibly ignorant . 
  second paragraph on wikipedia with numerous cited sources from german police : `` by 9 april , police in cologne had identified 153 suspects , 24 of whom were in investigative custody . 
  149 of the 153 suspects of the cologne crimes were non-germans ; 103 of the 153 suspects were from morocco or algeria . 
  68 persons were asylum seekers ; 18 were residing in germany illegally , and the legal status of 47 persons was unclear . 
  four persons were underage , unaccompanied refugees . 
  [ ... ] on 7 june , a federal criminal police office report confirmed that ** most of the perpetrators were of north african origin and had arrived in germany during the european migrant crisis ** . 
  investigative results about the perpetrators were congruent with witnesses ' statements . 
  perpetrators benefited from weak criminal prosecution and low police presence . 
  group dynamics and personal frustration among the offenders also fuelled the crimes . 
  the report also linked the assaults to the phenomenon of taharrush jamai in arab countries . '', 
  no , the article , at least in its initial , unedited version , was about how the right-wing associates every terror attack with the poor innocent muslims , but can not understand this one could be perpetuated by a pole ( which was the initial version of some of german media , who jumped to conclusions immediately after seeing polish registration plates ) . 
  reading the original comments below the article is a proof of that .
