  the only thing worse than a complicated tax system is complicated tax system with loopholes . 
   the scientific method has the monopoly on yielding the best approximation of truth in the history of mankind . 
  enlighten me and do tell what 's the scientific method 's view on austerity . 
  from all the bullshit your write here , i think you do n't really understand economics . 
  hell , you wrote in couple posts upwards that the idea of austerity reducing unemployment is ludicrous . 
  ~ ~ even krugman himself would n't say that . ~ ~, 
  he 's the leading keynesian , for fucks sake . 
  he believes printing money and quantitative easing will solve all the economical problems . 
  no wonder he does n't believe in austerity , it 's against his very nature . 
  [ citation needed ]  suggesting it actually helps employment is ludicrous , there is no basis for such an argument . 
  cutting government spending , which means more money in the pockets of citizens , which means more money available for creating jobs is ludicrous ? 
  have you taken your economic lessons in the marx institute ? 
  the good ol' ancien regime statism . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  sweden did n't get rich by having high social spending and trade unions , it got rich , because of innovation , hard work of people and good , transparent tax and law system . 
  only in recent years , after accumulating enough capital , they started to follow wealth redistribution more fiercely . 
  do you know what three-day weeks were ? 
  also , where did you get they are screwed ? 
  last time i checked eu was the biggest and one of the most stables economies in the world . 
  seriously , a uk guy complaining how bad he has , because the cost of living keeps getting up . 
  i have seen fucking everything . 
  so you resent her , because she did n't let drag the whole uk down with inefficient , useless industry , that benefited an incredibly small part of society at the cost of others ? 
  very reasonable . 
  they shafted themselves , by reducing gdp by 40 % with industrial action and three-day weeks . 
  to be honest , it was a wonder the rest of society did not lynch them . 
  people like to romanticize stupid shit they never experienced , especially people from less educated backgrounds , like the mining families . 
  why do n't they romanticize the three-day weeks , that must have been a blast to reduce a country 's gdp by 40 % * just by a strike decision of asshole unionists . 
  i sincerely hope so , my fellow european brethren . 
   it 's not an ad hominem , drawing the communist card , the godwin on economic subjects , usually indicates you have no credible arguments nor understanding . 
  on the contrary , i described your system in more technical terms . 
  you resorted to ad hominems , instead of pointing out where my description is wrong . 
  it seems that you are the one with little understanding of economy . 
  prove me wrong by describing , again in economical terms , how the system of one state bank will work in a market economy . 
   nobody was talking about a central bank what 's the difference between a state bank and a central bank ? 
  or is it just your way of straw-maning ? 
   wind parcs , solar panels , efficient cars , bicycle leasing , sharing economy etc. 
  citation needed . 
  show me long-term economic studies on profitability and reliability of these . 
   read the reply you were responding to boy , and next time start with doing that , not finish with it . 
  your system does not solve the problem of bailing out banks , because it moves the issue from bailing out a private bank to bailing out a public one . 
  btw , do you even know what fractional reserve banking is ? 
   being wilful ignorant and dishonest is not a valuable argument . 
  what ? 
  dodging the question much by ad personam ? 
  a single , central bank with monopole on money creation is exactly how the socialist states worked . 
  tell me how your system is different . 
   you should n't have any problem looking for the definitions of these words . 
  again , dodging the question much ? 
  please define in , economic terms , what do you mean by these and show examples of such assets . 
   first of all i 'm not your ` mate ' , and second it is a solution to the current flawed system . 
  wether it is the preferable one is too soon to tell . 
  tell me which exact problem does it solve ? 
  so like in socialism , where the state decides who it will lend money to ? 
  also , define durable , socially responsible and reliable assets . 
  does n't solve any problems , mate . 
  in fact , it only creates new ones . 
  what 's increasingly worrying is that the same scenario was described in the latest submission novel . 
  i 've also heard that the political parties will unite against fn if it comes to it in the second term election . 
  now we just need to wait for an official muslim party of france to step in and the stage will be all set up . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of these guys ca n't even read . 
  not that it would hamper their vote for the regressive left , of course . 
  it 's quite the contrary , that doctrine says there is no salvation outside of the church , eg . 
  you must be part of church and accept christ to get salvation . 
  of course the church is open for everybody , but pretty much anybody can convert to judaism too . 
  does it ? 
   no , that was an organized voluntary exodus of terrorists and their families . 
  voluntary exodus of terrorists ... wow you sure are a master of doublespeak . 
  why ca n't you admit that croatians also committed atrocities , and that tudjman is as a war criminal as milosevic ? 
  does that hit some kind of nationalistic nerve ? 
  what do you think of serbian genocide by the ustashe regime ? 
  `` in may 2013 , the icty , found that tu\u0111man had been the leader of the joint criminal enterprise against the non-croat population of bosnia and herzegovina and that ethnic cleansing had been employed to attempt to create an ethnically pure state , which could have been de facto annexed to the republic of croatia . 
  [ 132 ] [ 133 ] judge jean-claude antoanetti issued a separate opinion in which he contested the notion of a joint criminal enterprise and said that tu\u0111man 's plans regarding bosnia and herzegovina were not in contradiction with the stance of the international community . 
  following your argumentation all bosniaks and albanians should be deported to turkey . 
  the serbians got the rifles the same way croatians did - from jna . 
  of course they were supported by milosevic , but they did that on their own accord . 
  also , diminishing the ustashe regime as ` nazi puppet ' and hence deflecting the blame for genocide of serbs in ww2 is a pretty low move . 
  moreover , milosevic is as to blame for the war as is tudjman - and only one of these is still universally considered a national hero and was never put on trial for his atrocities . 
   saudi arabia does n't fund terrorist attacks against us on 4 continents or have national holidays for shouting death to america . 
  that 's exactly what saudi arabia does and exactly what iran does n't do . 
  check your facts , mate . 
  also , iran is a quasi-democracy . 
  a flawed one , like singapore , but still . 
  also , iran does n't really support terrorism . 
  unlike all sunni powers in the region . 
  ever heard of vienna convention and streisand effect ? 
  10 euro for 100/50 here , i think all of us are fucking lucky anyway , 
   the whole world is n't after assange . 
  sweden and the uk are , because assange is accused of rape in sweden , and skipped bail in the uk . 
  really ? 
  do you even watch any news outside of your little , small , resonating space ? 
  `` there were , for instance , the comments made on the cbc this week by canadian political scientist tom flanagan , who has also served as an advisor to canadian prime minister stephen harper . 
  `` well , i think assange should be assassinated , actually , '' flanagan said in his tv appearance . 
  `` i think obama should put out a contract and maybe use a drone or something . '' '', 
  [ ... ] '' `` why ca n't we act forcefully against wikileaks ? '', 
  asked neoconservative weekly standard editor bill kristol earlier this week . 
  `` why ca n't we use our various assets to harass , snatch or neutralize julian assange and his collaborators , wherever they are ? 
  why ca n't we disrupt and destroy wikileaks in both cyberspace and physical space , to the extent possible ? 
  why ca n't we warn others of repercussions from assisting this criminal enterprise hostile to the united states ? '', 
  sarah palin says that assange is an `` anti-american operative with blood on his hands ... why was he not pursued with the same urgency we pursue al qaeda and taliban leaders ? '', 
  ( though , to be fair to palin , this may not be a call for murder ; it might simply be a call to snatch assange , hold him in a black site for while while administering an `` enhanced interrogation '' and a few dozen waterboarding sessions , then shipping him off to guantanamo for while until a military commission can hear his case . ) '',
