  if it 's different than the norm and a result of mutation , it is a defect by definition . 
  just as speech impediments or allergies are defects . 
  does n't mean we have to ` cure ' them . 
   non-experimental science that 's an oxymoron . 
  there 's actually quite a lot of evidence for hardcoded roles , certainly more than for the opposite . 
  check out this [ documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tijvj5qrrue ) . 
  maybe it has n't been falsified yet , because it is not falsifiable - like pretty much every psychological or sociological theory . 
  that 's the problem with these fields , they claim they have not been proved wrong , but the reality is they do n't follow the scientific method and hence simply can not be proven wrong . 
  actually , there is another field which deals with stuff you mentioned in a scientific way - as opposed to quasi-scientific , or outright ideological , ways of psychology or sociology . 
  it 's called [ sociobiology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sociobiology ) . 
  wind and solar can never provide base load power . 
  the risk of meltdown is non-existent - and it 's also hardly high-impact . 
  coal mining produces orders of magnitude more radioactivity , as well as having hundreds , if not thousands , casualties every year . 
  similar to rare earth metals mining , used in solar panels . 
  battery technology is decades away from any kind of meaningful storage , and is also very toxic in production . 
  there already are designs for small , distributed nuclear plants based on non-serviceable , replaceable , submarine units . 
   a lot of ignorance in that comment . 
  nuclear energy is incredibly expensive these days . 
  look at finland or the uk , both are seeing massive cost overruns . 
  their hourly rate is also skyhigh . 
  people who harp about nuclear are stuck in the past . 
  they have n't seen the massive cost reductions in wind/solar/geothermal even in the last 5 years . 
  i 'm sorry , but anybody advocating use of wind or solar energy in replacement for coal and nuclear does n't have a slightest clue about energy sector and the electrical grid . 
  do you even know what a base load power station is , and what are the challenges in maintaining a balanced grid ? 
  also , you really need to check your sources , because nuclear energy is the cheapest - and safest - one there is ( besides hydroelectric power ) . 
  the ` massive ' cost reductions you claim come mainly from subsidizing ` renewable ' energy and taxing the others . 
  what is more , there were multiple studies done on the topic in previous years in poland . 
  all of them showed we will have to import energy from neighbouring countries due to delays in nuclear plant design and increasing co2 charges by the eu . 
  but how could an arrogant swede know about it , hmm ? 
  btw , do you know what rare earth metals are ? 
  doubt it , now go read what solar panels are made of , where do we get it from , and what are the associated environmental costs . 
   i do n't think you 've heard about a lot of things in life . 
  time to change that . 
  thanks for pointing that out , i 'm always eager to learn . 
  now get off your high horse and read about base load power stations , because apparently your engineering and scientific background is severely lacking - while your arrogance certainly is n't . 
  he 's not a scapegoat . 
  the ` environmental ' groups , which are more or less supported by virtually all mainstream media , are funded directly and indirectly by putin . 
  putin knows that nuclear power would reduce poland 's reliance on russian gas and plays the ` green ' groups so they would sabotage any effort on modernising the energy infrastructure in poland . 
  poland is already in the process of having an energy crisis , by 2025 we will have to import large quantities of nuclear energy from neighbours , because our stupid , putin-funded ` green ' ecoterrorists continuously sabotage building of a nuclear plant . 
  i 'm not sure where you got the idea that government is pushing for evs , i have never heard about it , even for the previous government . 
  not many people have garages at all in poland , which is also a huge problem regarding charging stations . 
  there were 100k people in total in all protests around the country . 
  6 million is such a horrendously overblown number it was obviously set as a propaganda piece . 
  still , quite a wide support . 
  well , do you understand them ? 
  well , considering i was just detailing the scientific explanation behind the process of fertilization , of which very few pro-choicers ( also many pro-lifers ) have any idea , i do n't really know what 's your point . 
  do you claim that fertilization is not the beginning of human development and that embryo is not a human being ? 
   all of them is it good for the gene pool if people with hemophilia procreate ? 
  or those who nearly died due to heart failure at infancy and were only saved by modern medicine ? 
  is n't it objectively preferable for them to die early on ? 
  people with some defects might still have worthy genes in other parts of the genome . 
  as for ones saved by modern medicine , yes , by evolutionary standards they probably should not procreate . 
  it is preferable from natural selection evolutionary perspective . 
  once again , if we take artificial selection into focus it might not be so obvious ( hawking , having als , which might be heritable , is also extremely intelligent and imaginative . 
  his offspring might also have the disease , which might be treatable in the future , and also possess even higher level of intelligence ) . 
   every time i avoid having sex , i prevent a viable fetus from developing into a normal human being . 
  right ? 
  not sure what you mean here . 
  i 'll bite from the other side of the coin - every time you have sex , there is a chance of creating a fetus , that can develop into an adult human . 
   what if the human carries bad genes , like some hardcore hereditary illness , or is just weak and blind without glasses ? 
  if the human procreates , he/she will sabotage the human gene pool . 
  even hereditary illnesses might have evolutionary advantage . 
  for instance , according to one theory jews are most susceptible to ( lethal ) tay-sachs disease due to a mutation , however this mutation continues to spread throughout the population . 
  the reason is that it is theorized that one copy of the mutant gene actually leads to higher intelligence , which is clearly visible for instance by looking at per capita number of nobel prizes , while both copies lead to fatality . 
  another one is sickle cell disease in africa , where incorrectly shaped red blood cells have reduced oxygen transfer potential . 
  however , they also make infections with malaria less frequent . 
  there is no clear-cut way of assessing fitness of a single gene , you must do it in an environment and over evolutionary timescales . 
  on the other hand , genetic diversity is always beneficial , even if the gene pool contains bad genes . 
  such genes typically die out due to natural selection . 
   `` evolution '' means `` survival of the fittest '' . 
  it 's within humanity 's best interest to at least sterilize everyone who is n't a perfectly healthy ( or at least smart way above average ) human being . 
  it is in humanity 's evolutionary best interest , yes - but only assuming we do n't have means of artificial selection , which is a different concept entirely . 
  majority of zygotes do n't even make it to the implantation stage , let alone live birth . 
  the reason for this is mostly genetic deformities , which are incompatible with life ; or conflict with mother 's body . 
  these are truly the effects of natural selection , the less viable offspring is ` automatically ' culled . 
  however , in huge majority of cases abortion culls viable fetuses , as one that lived long enough to be noticed is ordinarily set for normal development . 
  moreover , natural selection has little effect on modern humans - precisely because of development of medicine and technology , which allows children naturally not fit for life ( even with seemingly minor defects , such as no teeth - in the distant past , people with no teeth were sentenced to starvation ) , live full and pretty ordinary lives . 
   ok . is terminating a human life a good or a bad thing ? 
  answer using science . 
  yes , it 's bad . 
  terminating a human life before he/she procreates decreases the gene pool and lowers the fitness of the human population . 
   the only people who are anti-choice are religious ( i.e. 
  completely delusional ) people . 
  are you religious ? 
  yes/no . 
  where do you base that statistics on ? 
  i have plenty of atheist friends , who are against abortion . 
  why do you claim religious people are completely delusional , when you , as i guess an atheist , is completely delusional to the point of not accepting a widely regarded scientific theorem only because it interferes with your ideological standing ? 
  i 'd say that 's not only delusional , it 's blatantly hypocritical . 
  yes , i am religious . 
   seems pretty close , right ? 
  parasites are , by definition , of different species than its host . 
  also , a parasitic relationship is defined by one side taking advantage of the other ; pregnancy , on the other hand , is of paramount evolutionary advantage to the mother - in fact , it is the single most important thing an organism can do . 
  you really are a special one , are n't you ? 
   we 're arguing body autonomy . 
  you seem to believe there should be none . 
  that 's why i 'm asking : are you ok with being crippled without your consent in order to save another life ? 
  that 's pretty much what happens with pregnancy . 
  it normally has a devastating effect on the woman 's body . 
  no , we are not .
