  the only way to give them same position is to breed genetically identical serfs and place them in controlled , state-owned breeding facilities . 
  i am sure you are very fond of such ` brave new world ' - style world . 
  nonsense . 
  there will always be differences in social status , genetics , wealth or whatever else - this is what makes humans unique and our lives interesting . 
  even minute differences in trivial things like hair colour can have enormous effects on lives of individuals , just like chaos theory predicts . 
  the kinds of you would like to make everybody identical and equal - but the great mathematics , the same which is almost always at odds with the egalitarians , tells us you can only equalise under the lowest common denominator - in other words , by making everybody equal , you make everybody worse than mediocre . 
  you speak of personal freedom , but i have a strong feeling you do n't really understand what it means . 
  personal freedom means ability to do whatever you please , unless it harms other people 's personal freedom . 
  cigarettes are already illegal for anyone under 18 to buy . 
  the only additional incentive for kids can be high price . 
  banning menthol cigarettes is a totalitarian approach that directly removes personal freedoms and only indoctrinated serfs can claim otherwise . 
  first they will use public health excuse to ban menthols and not long after that you 'll be eating a government-prescribed diet and forfeiting any fun and risky activities . 
  also , branding everybody disagreeing with your infantile opinion as tobacco lobbists or smokers is juvenile at best . 
  i do n't smoke and i do n't like the smell , however i wo n't be banning smoking altogether , because of my subjective olfactory opinions . 
  i 'm not sure why you are shifting blame from your spineless parents to tobacco companies ? 
  if your father routinely beat you with a baseball bat , would you blame the bat manufacturing company ? 
  also , since smoking in public places is banned already , and afaik some countries even have laws against smoking with a child in enclosed spaces , the argument about taking other people 's freedom is absurd - especially since the angle is never brought up for anything else - such as drugs ( no other people harmed ) , public health systems ( obligatory payments take away people 's freedom ) , gun control ( why can somebody else decide whether i can defend myself or not ) , etc. 
  could you provide sources for your claims ? 
  because i doubt you can read polish newspapers , which actually clearly state there 's more tax income than healthcare costs in poland . 
  not to mention using mandatory public health systems for totalitarian population control is probably the most vile thing i 've read seriously mentioned by the enlightened western people today . 
  edit : thanks for the downvote , i guess you really do n't have anything to back up your claim . 
  poland is a post-communist state with a highly socialised workforce , 40 % of people work in the public sector and the health insurance is public and obligatory . 
  the costs of dealing with cigarette smokers are much less than the profits they bring in taxation and reduced life expectancy . 
  however , in poland smoking is not cool anymore and stopped being so few years ago . 
  10 years ago i would be one of the few people in my circle who did n't smoke , now there 's maybe 3 people smoking on daily basis . 
  all without ridiculous authoritarian campaigns , however we did have quite a big increase in price that certainly provided for the process ( 10 years ago a pack would be 2 euro tops , now its 3-4 ) . 
  the only equality that is possible is the equality before the law - it 's also one of the pillars of modern western states . 
  upa was carrying multiple terrorists attacks in the second republic , they killed quite a lot of polish clerks and politicians . 
  that 's krak\u00f3w though , the wis\u0142a-cracovia war is really animalistic there . 
  all other cities have a ` no tools ' agreement , where only bare fists are permitted in fights . 
  they are still idiots , but at least they do n't routinely kill each other . 
  the problem with romas is such a disaster and a high-horse patronizing exercise i rarely even try to explain it anymore . 
  we have a much smaller problem with gypsies in poland as well and any time you try to bring it up in the west you automatically get branded as a literal hitler - it 's even worse than the recent immigration propaganda . 
  the truth is , the roma people are incredibly isolated , backwards and hostile to anything and anyone besides their own . 
  they turn their surroundings into cesspools and constantly try to scam anybody , including the government , into giving them any kind of money , without any shame . 
  exactly , every single chief of polish central bank was a high-ranking politician before , often without any economical knowledge , such as the current president of warsaw , hanna gronkiewicz-waltz , who used to be the chief in the 90s , responsible for halting our growing economy by her failed policies in the late 90s . 
  exactly . 
  also , good luck finding funds to hire multi-million dollar lawyers to combat one of the fiercest legal systems in the world . 
  vat is great , however it also has problems on it 's own - namely the vat carousel fraud , where a fraudelent company gets a vat return on payments they never made . 
  recent analysis shows poland is losing 10 billion euro a year on such schemes . 
  a sales tax would be a better choice , however eu will never agree on that , because it gets a large part of its income from vat ( that 's why it 's also capped at 15 % minimum ... ) . 
  it was a well-known communist/anarchist/socialist ` intellectual ' hub called ` nowy wspania\u0142y \u015awiat ' ( brave new world , i shit you not , they do n't even hide their agenda ) . 
  they were financed by the city of warsaw , as well as donation from their parent radical leftist newspaper , krytyka polityczna , which used to be subsidised by the government too ( the latest pis government happily stopped that ) . 
  as far as i know polish antifa is mostly composed of angry , jobless brats , who are looking for a fight , the same demographics as the members of any fascist/chauvinist organisation ( which they also are ) . 
  they do n't really differ much , and the ideology is just a pretext for violence . 
  same here in poland , every year on the indepedence march we have hundreds of foreign , masked anarchists stirring up fights with the legal attendants of the march , often with police protection ( they throw stones and molotovs from behind the police , who protect them from backlash ) . 
  some years ago hundreds of them viciously attacked a combat reenactment group , composed mostly of old guys , and fled to a well-known and publicly funded communist pub . 
  the police eventually chased them off the premises , however no charges were made and they were released . 
  meanwhile , some of the guys they attacked were detained and sentenced for public disorder , attacking police , and other made-up charges . 
  that was all under supervision of the previous government , po , who actually used that in their propaganda pieces showing patriots as vile animals , who attack the police . 
  i wo n't even waste my time trying to answer your incoherent mumble for fear of getting sued ... 
  please do n't sue me , oh great internet tough guy . 
  people like you , absolute apologists with little understanding of what you are talking about and blindly following an ideological stance of ` eu commission is the best thing that has ever happened to humanity and you have no right to offend it ' , are the worst kind of trash . 
  if you were born a bit earlier i 'm sure you 'd have a nice place in the politburo , with exactly same arguments , just a tad different capital . 
  you simply have no idea what you are talking about and who juncker really is . 
  he was the chief politician in luxembourg for many years , transforming it from a mid-level industrial society to the richest financial center and a tax haven in the world - all because of secret tax deals with corporations , closely secured by his secret services . 
  his current comments on irish and dutch tax laws , which paint them as monsters who leech of other eu members , are as hypocritical as it gets . 
  juncker is the epitome of eu corruption , bureaucracy , corporatism and disregard for ordinary citizens . 
  the leadership of the party consisted of high-ranking communist officials , like kwa\u015bniewski , who was the minister of sport in 80s and member of the round table agreements . 
  moreover , most of the party was composed of ex communist party members . 
  another thing entirely is that they were pretty much the most economically liberal government we 've had after 90s . 
  indeed . 
  tariffs , by design , really only hit the local consumers . 
  their local agriculture is of such low quality that even nationalist russians admit it . 
  yes , it is . 
  no , it 's not , such data should remain unredacted and deleting it is tampering with evidence , not to mention it was illegal to set up in first place . 
  take your hillary apologetics elsewhere . 
  oh , and since ` it 's routine ' , then why is it impossible to do it in exchange , the most popular enterprise email system , as mentioned in the reddit thread ? 
  because you are full of shit . 
  geert wilders is on constant bodyguard watch since 2004 , when number of jihadists made death threats to him . 
  that 's enough of a reason to be secretive about his party , he is actively hunted down by jihadist and also demeaned by his left-wing peers , whose voters often are antifa-affiliated criminals , eager to assault whoever they think of as fascist . 
  you 're naive , there is even a sysadmin thread confirmed to be her it guy who asked how to delete specific emails from exchange , just before the whole thing blew up . 
  not to mention using private , hastily built email server for state secretary business is at least gross negligence . 
   it says she lost her immunity after she shared the pictures . 
  that suggests losing her immunity had nothing to do with the pictures . 
  as for apologetic , you seem to indicate that posting pictures is indeed a heinous crime , that france has every right to persecute . 
  this is , as i mentioned in my earlier comment , condoning fascism and violations of the basic human rights . 
  it 's something that eu parliament would be keen to discuss publicly ( just kidding , they only use the human rights arguments against right-wing parties they do n't like , like in poland 's example ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but your justification is incoherent and frankly apologetic . 
  also , what an extremely invasive and , in fact fascist , law . 
  the state decides what pictures you can share . 
  if they want to hide some fact , like war crimes or islamic crimes , they can just shove you with an ` offensive images ' charge . 
  that 's easily nazi levels of censorship . 
  but hey , that 's france for you , not unsurprisingly the bastion of the left and a bureaucratical behemoth . 
  eurofighter is not even in the same class as f-35 . 
  also , f-35 is a very expensive development , but it offers futuristic technologies that only f-22 could dream of . 
  was that an attempt to be funny , where you can not find any intelligent rebut ? 
  germany , like most countries , does n't have the natural preconditions to building dams , that 's why they need to rely on coal or nuclear for baseload generation . 
  but dams are on similar level of complexity to nuclear plants , that 's for sure . 
  try building a 2km long , 200m high and 100m wide gigantic concrete structure on a flowing river . 
  compare that to modern naval reactors , which are contained in a 3m metre sphere and can be installed in weeks . 
  not until we have smart , multinational grid and extremely distributed local storage , such as inhouse batteries . 
  1 ) but other countries use them a lot 2 ) not really , they are magnificent feats of engineering that require complex and routine maintenance 3 ) first of all , even around chernobyl there is n't any wasteland , in fact nature flourishes in this area . 
  secondly , catastrophic dam failures destroy everything in a huge area just like a huge tsunami . 
  in 1975 banqiao dam failed in china , killed 200k people and displaced over 10 million , creating a lake with 12,000 sq km area . 
  actually , such low doses would n't harm many animals . 
  the area surrounding chernobyl is highly irradiated , yet flourishes with plants and animals . 
  it might even speed up the evolution of some species . 
  it 's not neglible , especially among people living near plants or mines . 
  the radioactive elements are transported with the coal ash , which is cancerogenic on its own .
