  this procedure allows for unbased accusations without any repercussions , which is against the basic rule of law . 
   the law that allowed forced sterilization were abolished in 1976 and had hardly been used since the 1950s somebody lied to you . 
  100 % agree . 
  then you have sweden , which not only will give housing , benefits and social care to the returning terrorists , but also train them in sniping . 
  i am not even fucking kidding . 
  ( source in swedish , because the english article is moderated on / r/europe , not sure why ) http://www.allehanda.se/angermanland/solleftea/laddade-for-prickskytte, 
  they have a point though , shopska is great . 
  i guess that 's mostly london . 
  there are places where english is not spoken at all , hence older immigrants do n't even try to learn it . 
  i 'm not sure , i read about it few years ago . 
  there are - the thing is , the feminists pushed this ` no strings attached ' policy for rape only . 
  obviously they claimed it 's because women are afraid of their attackers and hence should be able to ` confess ' to police and they would start an independent inquiry . 
  this is obvious violation of basic rule of law , but hey it 's sweden , the most progressive country in the world , where they still had forced sterilization programs in 2012 . 
  and get deported to guantanamo next day . 
  great idea there , sherlock . 
  he had sex with two activists after a party at separate occasions . 
  the activists twitted how fun it was , etc. 
  after a week those activists somehow got together ( they did n't know each other ) and decided they were both raped ( technically , they charged him with taking condom off during intercourse , which is rape in sweden - although the charges changed over time , i 'm not sure what is it now ) . 
  they also went through a process that would guarantee they are not charged if the accusations turned out to be fabricated ( a great example of how fucked up sweden is ) . 
  the swedish prosecutor talked with assange and decided to drop the case , assange asked if he can leave sweden and was granted . 
  after few weeks another , new prosecutor reopened the case and issued an european arrest warrant . 
  assange wanted to do a e-interview in scotland yard , but the swedish prosecutor refused , still not even pressing charges , and demanded him to be extradited instead . 
  suddenly , after several years and millions of dollars spent , as well as wikileaks pretty much going down due to the costs , the prosecutor agreed for an e-interview . 
  the activists apparently also had ties to some cia money , via a cuban terrorist organization . 
   he committed sexual assault allegedly . 
  he was n't even charged with any crime . 
  on the other hand , usa pretty much directly said they will seek to capture him and put on trial for treason , which is funny since he 's not an american citizen . 
  if you followed the whole story you would have known who 's in the wrong here and what 's the agenda behind it . 
  please , i posted a commonly known fact that you try to derail by offtopic comments . 
  of course it 's all political , but the charges are based on the fact that allegedly he took the condom off during intercourse , which is ` rape and sexual molestation ' . 
  is it the first time you heard this expression ? 
  `` feminazi is a term used pejoratively in popular culture to describe either feminists who are perceived as extreme or radical , women who are perceived to seek superiority over men , rather than equality , or in some cases , to describe all feminists . '', 
   how is saying `` everybody is a rapist '' not pro-rape ? 
  where did he say that ? 
   also fun fact - if the other person says `` no '' or does not say `` yes '' , and you go with it , it 's a rape . 
  does this sound nazi to you ? 
  what ? 
  have i claimed otherwise ? 
  depends on how you calculate that . 
  newsweek , fakt , interia , onet are all top media in poland . 
  yes , that graphic was made before recent change to american ownership . 
  source ? 
  whataboutism . 
  newsweek , fakt , interia , onet are all top media . 
  there are other sources of the infographic , if you wanted you could find them . 
  but you care about facts only if it fits your agenda . 
  not appropriate , but hardly pro-rape . 
  unless you are on the feminazi side of things , where every time you have sex you need a notarized document . 
  then i wonder what you think about recent statements of the cologne mayor about keeping people at arms length to prevent rapes ? 
  what is economic left then ? 
  owning the means of production ? 
  both are hardcore keynesian at best , which is at least centre-leftist . 
  in sweden sex without a condom is rape , see julian assange . 
  so yeah , he has a point . 
   pis was strongly pro-rape ( and against the anti-violence convention ) . 
  a famous rape apologist , rafa\u0142 ziemkiewicz , was recently mentioned as a possible candidate for a radio 3 manager . 
  that 's the most nonsense thing i 've read in a week . 
  how can you be pro-rape ? 
  ziemkiewicz is not a rape apologist , he 's one of the most acclaimed conservative writers in poland . 
  also , not to burst your bubble , but rape and sexual assault statistics clearly show poland has one of the lowest numbers in europe , lower than all the progressive heavens . 
  except it 's not . 
  i think slovenia is much richer than poland too . 
  i just do n't hear anything about them , not sure why . 
   fixed that for you . 
  the bundeswehr is a joke and the germans are unwilling to spend on it , which is the true reason they hate the idea of more tensions with russia ; it would force the issue of their lack of contribution to nato . 
  i heard about it - the thing is , i hear these things about every single army in the world , besides israel and usa . 
  same thing for polish army too , we only started modernizing it in last 5 years . 
  the russian army is like 5 % operational . 
  maybe everybody is equally shitty ? 
   she is also part of an extremelly populist party that is n't exactly known to be in favour of the eu , so unless you can provide me with a basis for these numbers i am very sceptical . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  seriously man can you even fucking read ? 
  bie\u0144kowska is from civic platform , the previous government party , which is as hardcore pro-eu as you can get . 
   the only explanation i can think off , if your claim was true , which i doubt , was that polish companies are so bad your own government does not trust them . 
  in that case , you are very limited intellectually . 
  hint - how about high-technology german industrial appliances required to build the roads ? 
  or some consultants from the best highway system in europe ? 
   they also save a nice amount of energy and produce less co2 , which in return makes poland less dependent on russia . 
  all those regulation also help streamline the market for polish companies who do not have to adhere 27 different regulations in each country they possibly operate and make business with . 
  not really , the power usage has n't changed , and cfcs are much more toxic to environment and produce much more co2 . 
  the streamlining argument is partially true , but only for exporting refined goods , which is a minimal trade activity of poland . 
   what does it have to do with anything ? 
  that including these in your statistics to show pis has a minority support is bullshit . 
   because po did n't rule alone . 
  there was po-psl coalition . 
  which , yes , had only 47,5 % of votes and that gave them 235/460 seats in sejm . 
  but still it resembles actual votes better having the same 235 seats with only 37.6 % of actual votes . 
  what does that have to do anything ? 
  so we are only allowed to criticize non-coalition governments ? 
   yes , you can give me . 
  note that portal is very pro-po . 
  also pro-po source . 
  she , not he . 
  she 's the member of the highest eu body , you think she does n't have access to such information ? 
  also , she 's hardcore pro-eu so there was no reason for her to lie , and certainly not in a way to undermine the germans . 
  i wo n't comment on ` polish companies suck ' , because obviously you have weak understanding of how interdependent economies work , roads are a minimal part of the investments . 
   what exactly did the `` stupid regulations on lightbulbs or vacuum cleaners '' cost money ? 
  cfcs are much more expensive . 
  weaker vacuum cleaners require more manpower to clean the same spot , hence higher costs . 
  regulations always have a cost of implementation .
