  yeah , the movie is really good . 
  however , it is not strictly history of the uprising , rather a romance story with uprising as background . 
  i do n't think ehic works exactly like that . 
  sure , they can help you in emergencies , but not something like planned hip replacement surgery . 
  yes , and ? 
  until kaczy\u0144ski declares himself the one and only ruler there is absolutely no basis for the claim . 
   pis only had 37.6 % of the popular vote . 
  not saying the elections were n't fair , but they have to remember that they were not voted by a majority . 
  the reason we have checks and balances in a democracy is to preserve democracy . 
  pis has no idea what a democracy looks like , and are trying to bring us back decades . 
  another straw man about ` only 19 % people voted for pis ' !, 
  first of all , it seems nobody noticed this when po , or any other party before , was in charge for 8 years , doing even more shady shit . 
  secondly , this particular method of representation is written in our constitution , that 's the reality we live in . 
  by denying that pis has right to do what they please given the electoral support you are also pissing on constitution . 
  also , you talk as if any government in last 26 years was actually listening to oposition . 
  that 's delusional , exact opposite is true and pis is no expection . 
  that 's democracy for you , the tyranny of majority . 
   if we 're such an independent country , why are there more than one million poles living in the uk ? 
  why is there more than one million people of polish descent living in france , and 2-3 million living in germany ? 
  what 's the logical connection , i fail to see one ? 
  obviously the reason poles live there is because the standard of living is better . 
   if we get kicked out * of the eu , what do you think will happen ? 
  millions of our economic migrants forced to return to poland . 
  hello , unemployment !, 
  that would be cool . 
  anyway , it wo n't happen , there is no provision for kicking any country from eu . 
  also , nobody besides po 's pathetic targowica-esque mps actually want any kind of debate or really care . 
  in fact , most western mps have voiced claims that such debate is inappropriate and should be left to internal discussions . 
   sanctions ** will mean that we will no longer have eu funding , so goodbye investment in highways , railways , etc. 
  what will happen then ? 
  foreign firms will look to invest elsewhere . 
  they need certainty . 
  what sanctions ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  also , the myth of highway investments being so beneficial and rudimentary is juvenile . 
  there are other much more important investments done with eu money . 
  anyhow , there is no connection here . 
  the eu ca n't and wo n't arbitrarily hand out sanctions because they do n't like current government . 
  and if they do , then obviously eu is a joke and not worth being part of . 
  finally , if sanctions are a possibility , then the current situation of the opposition , where they actively seek eu 's animosity towards current government is nothing else , but acting against interest of poland with a foreign state . 
  in other words , high treason . 
   sure , pis can take us back 30 years , but poland will never develop without the eu . 
  just like we did n't develop at all in 90s . 
  well , i might be exaggeratting , but considering 95 % of people who cry ` democracy is dying ' are po/sld/psl voters , it 's pretty probable he is one too . 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  poland is an independent country ( at least partially ) and will do however we please . 
  there was no coup , the government was elected democratically in fair elections , so stfu with your ` anti-democracy ' whining and face the fact that your post-commies are no longer in power and soon will be judged for their corruption . 
  no , the real question is whether such events should be paid from public money . 
  if they can sponsor themselves by private means , very well , if not , that means their activities are of low quality and there is no demand for it . 
  consider a different example . 
  the theatre is owned by a private person . 
  that person does n't want the play to go on , for whatever reasons . 
  he tells the director that if the play goes through , he will withdraw his funding . 
  this is perfectly fine and nobody would object to this . 
  why is it so hard to understand with the state as the owner ? 
  of course , the whole event was a bait by . nowoczesna to promote the play and theatre 's director , who is member of sejm and was actively fueling the whole situation throughout . 
  it 's a commonly known fact . 
  one that is not commonly known , is that both croats and to lesser extent bosniaks too performed similar , albeit smaller scale ethnic cleansing operations . 
  hell , even the hailed defender of srebrnica , naser ori\u0107 , is guilty of being a murderous paramilitary death squad leader , who personally cut serbian 's heads off . 
  i have quite a few friends from balkans and it seems these people have mostly come to term with their faults , forgave each other and now live side by side . 
  why people of other nationalities try to undermine this accomplishment ? 
  no , they wo n't , because eu does n't give a shit about serbians . 
  it 's been proving that at least since ww1 , 
  they already are , according to recent statistics a great number of albanians came with the immigrants , posing as syrians . 
  the dreaded moskals , of course !, 
  fun fact - the rus people ( ruthenians ) , after whom russia is named , have historically lived mostly in modern-day ukraine and belarus , when moscow was still a wooden cottage . 
  source : am polish . 
  propaganda was always with us and will stay . 
  to be honest , any kind of political or ideological meme is propaganda . 
  it is not something entirely negative too - states always had ability to influence what is being taught to population . 
  for instance , western countries use propaganda in public education to instill mild patriotic , western values into children . 
  i 'm not sure how many there are , but as a pole i have never met anyone who claimed to be kashubian . 
  i only really heard it from donald tusk . 
  it 's pretty sad that basic historical knowledge is hard to come by these days . 
  the islamic caliphate , and it 's later incarnates , was a vicious , aggressive and brutal state that operated on constant conquest from its inception in the 7th century up until the ottoman empire was dissolved after ww1 . 
  even the much-criticized crusades were actually valid military responses to ever-increasing muslim reach , which ultimately failed and saw the byzantine empire and much of southern europe enslaved for centuries . 
  i have never noticed it too . 
  i agree about polution though , it 's a major accomplishment . 
  obviously , a big part comes from such a splendid transportation system and relatively hard road conditions ( narrow roads , a lot of one-way lanes , a lot of traffic lights ) in the centre . 
  it 's more probable it comes from dust , grinded metal , etc. 
  from the tube lines . 
  they are very old , much older than nyc one so that could explain it . 
  i rode jubilee line ( canary wharf -  westminster ) , the youngest line , for several months and never noticed any snot problems , 
   hindus and indians and chinese people are just as visible as muslims but the reason no one complains is that they are richer and do n't commit crimes . 
  no , the differences is that poor hindus , indians and chinese go to work to be better off , not roaming the streets crying sharia , or living with 15 children to get these sweet sweet benefits . 
   poverty affects muslims more due to how most muslims to the uk came to the uk ( cheap labour for the factories particularly the night shifts . ), 
  that 's an interesting statistics , do you have anything to back it up ? 
  from my experience the minorites that come to work at night shifts are definitely not muslims , they are mostly asians and eastern europeans . 
  at the same time , there are huge middle-east muslim ghettos , where 95 % of population never worked and does n't intend to , as they have 10 kids and get thousands of pounds in benefits . 
  also , most of these muslims are second and third-generation . 
  they did n't come from anywhere , they were born uk citizens - which makes their romanticizing of jihad even more pathetic . 
   the whole death to the uk bunch are minorities . 
  it 's simple . 
  yes , a minority of around 30 % of british muslims , thats ` only ' 800k people who support jihad . 
  no worries mate . 
   edl strawman people always bring up far-right parties in such discussions . 
  how many terrorists attacks did edl commit in recent years ? 
  sharia is not arbitration . 
  for arbitration you must respect all sides of the conflict . 
  sharia says there is no other law than allah 's , hence obviously they do n't give a flying fuck about uk law .
