  we are arguing about abortion , which , by definition , is a termination of life of a human in fetal phase . 
   it 's you who 's ignorant . 
  right now you 're trying to derail the conversation to push an ignorant ( mostly religious ) agenda . 
  in all my posts i have n't made a single religious argument and all my points are backed by hard science . 
  on the other hand , all your arguments are backed solely by your own words and ideology . 
   all over the civilized world , according to laws a human only receives human rights at birth . 
  a parasite , whether it 's human or not , normally has no rights . 
  the host can get rid of it if she likes . 
  objectively , it makes sense . 
  an unwelcome offspring is far worse to the society than no offspring or delayed welcome offspring . 
  not really , you need to do some reading on human rights . 
  a lot countries actually have clauses that state human life begins at fertilization/implantation ( which , again , is the scientific consensus ) . 
  also , the entire idea of human rights being given to somebody is absurd . 
  humans have intrinsic rights not dependent on any jurisdiction . 
  there is no such thing as a human parasite . 
  homo sapiens are not a parasitic species . 
   objectively , if you die and some of your organs are required for someone else 's survival , will your organs be used for transplantation ? 
  assuming you have n't permitted that before death . 
  is there even an objective answer to this ? 
  if someone is about to die due to kidney failure and one of your kidneys is the only thing that can save him , should you objectively be forced to donate ? 
  those are not rhetorical questions , i want to see an answer . 
  we are not arguing about transplantation here , so you will not have one . 
   why would i ? 
  this is not a scientific journal , it 's a casual discussion . 
  i 'm not a scientist . 
  you 're probably not a scientist . 
  to me , a fetus looks like a parasite that feeds on the host to grow . 
  at least half of the infestations is involuntary . 
  so why the hell would you prevent women from curing themselves ? 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  that 's the exact reason people like you , the ignorant , should not have a voice in any serious discussion . 
  you will just brush facts aside and say ` hey , i think this is stupid and my emotional opinion is as valid as 400 years of research ' . 
  the scientific aspect is actually what matters most , because it is objective . 
  ideology is subjective and can also change in time , the understanding of human fertilization is prety solid and will not . 
  again , please stop using scientific terms like parasite with your own meaning , it just does n't make sense and only shows your pitiful attempt at using negatively-charged words to advance your agenda . 
  i 've never called him a nazi , i only implied that if he thinks humanness is defined by societal consensus then he shares this view uniquely with eugenicists ( of which nazis were a minority , really ) . 
  i do n't think anybody disagreeing with me is bad , i do however think anybody disagreeing with the scientific consensus is an ignorant and should not participate in discussions . 
  i am quoting a peer-reviewed whitepaper , as well as numerous scientific definitions . 
  you are quoting yourself and ` generally understandable knowledge ' . 
  come back to me when you have any adult arguments . 
  great , thanks for the insults and threats , do you have any actual argument to make against your eugenics stance or do you think i dread of internet tough guys ? 
  btw , in case you did n't know ( because you probably did n't ) , eugenics was a major topic in the whole western world in the beginning of 20th century ( and it was actually progressed by charles darwin and his family , mostly francis galton ) . 
  usa had compulsory sterilization laws , etc. 
  and nazis actually learn a lot from them . 
  so it 's not only big , bad nazis who had such ` progressive ' views . 
  judging from what you 've said , you are a eugenicist , you just can not admit that and think you are acting on behalf of ` greater good for the society ' ( hint - the original ones thought so too ) . 
  please , take your emotional arguments away and face the objective , hard-science first . 
  fyi i 've never voted for pis . 
  no , you are missing the point . 
  whether somebody is a human being is an objective scientific fact . 
  unless you are one of the ` untermensch ' folks , who think you can decide whether somebody is a human being by societal consensus . 
  in that case , just outright state that you are an eugenicist . 
  whether somebody is a person , is a philosophical question , just like i stated in the beginning . 
  in your closing remarks , you are basically stating that we should not base our judgements on objective , experimentally-verifiable sources , rather use ideology for that . 
  this is classic anti-scientism and ideologism that led to most atrocities of the 20th century . 
  we are talking science here , not metaphors or ideology . 
  yes , this is n't a debate , because it has been part of the scientific consensus for decades . 
  there literally is n't a single respected scientist , who thinks zygotes are not human beings . 
  generally understood terms means dumbing down the definition so even the thickest can understand it . 
  that 's not the way to debate anything , and in fact such issues can not even be described in ` generally understandable terms ' , because in general people are ignorant of biology , like you are . 
  that 's why scientific consensus is dealt with by people educated in the field , not by ` general public ' . 
  did you even read the paper i sent you ? 
  your infantile argument was already quoted there : `` it is important to note that embryological evidence shows that the human embryo is a whole , although obviously immature , human being ; it is not a mere part . 
  this is a crucial point : human tissues or human cells , whether body cells or gametes , are indeed human -- that is , genetically human -- but are not whole human organisms . '' '', 
  are you really that thick ? 
  do you think the term ` human development ' does n't imply the development of a ` human being ' ? 
  here , have a nice peer-reviewed paper from ncbi , a respected source ( which you 've probably never seen , judging by your scientific knowledge ) . 
  `` this new organism begins to grow by the normal process of differentiated cell division into an embryo , dividing into two cells , then four , eight and so on , although some divisions are asynchronous . 
  its cells constitute a human organism , for they form a stable body and act together in a coordinated manner , which contributes to regular , predictable and determinate development toward the mature stage of a human being . 
  [ ... ] the human embryo is the same individual as the human organism at subsequent stages of development . 
  [ ... ] it is important to note that embryological evidence shows that the human embryo is a whole , although obviously immature , human being ; it is not a mere part . 
  this is a crucial point : human tissues or human cells , whether body cells or gametes , are indeed human -- that is , genetically human -- but are not whole human organisms . '', 
  says genetics and the scientific consensus . 
  zygote is just a period in human development . 
  ` in biological terms , human development entails growth from a one celled zygote to an adult human being . ', 
  ` the term conception commonly refers to fertilisation , which is the successful fusion of gametes to form a new organism . ', 
  'em bryo [ em \u00b4 bre-o ] - a new organism in the earliest stage of development . ', 
  a fetus is not your own body and it is not a parasite . 
  please , for the thousandth time in threads like this , do learn basic biology before commenting . 
  there is a difference between a person and a human being . 
  every zygote is a human being and most probably is n't a person . 
  however , newborn babies are not persons either and we do n't abort them . 
  no , you can not . 
  please learn basic biology and comprehend what a haploid cell is . 
   there are plenty of scientific studies on this topic , and only uneducated fanatic can find any causes for a discussion here . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why uneducated fanatics like yourself often try to discuss scientific phenomena , which they have little understanding of . 
  whether the fetus is a human or not is defined entirely by its genetic code , which happens during meiosis in the first week after fertilization . 
  the way a fetus looks or on which stadium its organs are is irrelevant to this classification . 
  can you post the article then ? 
   not just jobbik , the hungarian government , trough multiple non profits , funds all extremist organizations in romania , serbia , ukraine and slovakia , while these non profits are funded exclusively by the hungarian government with hungarian public funds . 
  i 'm curious , do you have any credible sources on that ? 
  nothing a couple billion petrodollars can not fix , 
  i do n't know , maybe some rich , culturally-compatible and sparsely populated nearby countries like sa or uae ? 
  alternatively , the world population will decline , which ultimately is a good thing . 
  poland will almost surely benefit from climate change , in fact it is already visible by tamer winters and much less spending on heating . 
  we just need to keep our borders secure , but that has been a no-brainer for centuries ( up until merkel 's latest stroke ) . 
  cohn-bendit , the same guy who admitted being a pedophile and even wrote a book advocating pedophilia , as well as being editor of a pro-pedophilia leftist newspaper . 
  also , the co-chairman of one of main parties in the eu parliament . 
  we really have such wonderful people in charge of europe .
