  sure , he tells us he wants to work , but what labour can he do ? 
  what , in your regressive opinion , should sweden do to accommodate this man even better ? 
  switch to syrian justice system and change national language to arabic ? 
  it 's ridiculous to claim people who can hardly speak swedish recognise an ultra right wing politician when they see one . 
  they were just hitting white people , because they can , you can even see they tried to steal the equipment - because they can . 
  the police went away , nobody intervened , they come from a culture where the most violent guy gets away with it . 
  i mean , they come from fucking somalia . 
  it is pretty much underground though and violent attacks perpetuated by europeans are very rare . 
  completely opposite of the vocal anti-semitic stance of virtually any muslim scholar . 
   i 'm not really educated enough on this topic but looking at it from a cold war point of view it makes sense ( with israel being an american ally and whatnot ) it was a thing though , the anti-semitic purges in the communist party of poland started in 1968 after the six day war and the perceived israeli imperialism against arab socialists . 
  the cancer situation was so bad the previous government 's one of main acts was the creation of ` cancer packet ' , which was supposed to reduce the average time between diagnosis and treatment from 12 months to 3 iirc . 
  of course , it was a bureaucratic measure that had no real value , other than a pr stunt . 
  having all these informations and a few decades fighting islamists - let 's accept another 10 million uneducated people with similar viewpoints and little chance or will of integration . 
  what could go wrong !, 
  i like these kinds of historical burns . 
  he did n't do it for the others , he was just a coward , who valued his life more than the islamic bullshit he was taught . 
  but yeah , it 's a good thing he was a coward . 
  let 's hope all future terrorists are like that . 
  i just hope this vile lawyer of his does n't make this a human rights abuse case , he already said he will sue the prosecutor for disclosing info on what a cowardly little bitch he was . 
  we should make a propaganda video about him , he used to frequent gay bars and have sex with random men , was an alcoholic abuser , petty thief and smoked weed all the time ( even when he was already a terrorist , absolutely haram ! ) . 
  then he could n't even blow himself up . 
  make a video like this and distribute among the isis recruits to show them who their ` martyrs ' really are . 
  oh , and if they find it , add the audio recording of him crying for help over the phone like a little bitch he is just after the attacks . 
  i 'm not a big fan of eu regulation , but i 've recently been to cebit expo in hannover , where a plan for d1gital single market was envisioned . 
  basically , on top of all these roaming , data privacy , etc. 
  unification laws they will also guarantee the steady expanse of the infrastructure , meaning eu will start treating internet infrastructure on par with roads , water , etc. 
  surprisingly , this is not a solitary effort from the commission , rather it is driven by the corporate world - google , erikson , etc. 
  the plan is to have 5g in every part of eu by 2025 . 
  i was very pleased to hear it from gunther oettinger himself . 
  if you think cancer , hip replacement or cataract surgery is not urgent , then yeah . 
  are uae cities self-sufficient though ? 
  i really doubt it , especially considering water and food . 
  indeed , people have lost their ability to weight the sources via their credibility . 
  no source is 100 % credible and hence you need to have the skills to extract viable information and confront it with all other sources . 
  yeah , when something bad happens you still need to wait 2 years to get a doctor . 
  so yeah , fuck polish health insurance . 
  well , considering a perfect fake syrian passport costs several hundreds dollars to get , i would n't count those as syrian either . 
  my point is , there 's at least a billion people , up to 5 , that live in ` unsafe countries ' . 
  should we cater all of them ? 
  why not ? 
  thanks for that , i ca n't speak german , can you tell me if it 's described how do they check for the real identity of the migrants ? 
  because it is known that virtually every one of migrants claims to be from syria and very few pass the actual verification . 
  since germany does n't cooperate with assad 's regime , i 'm really dubious about such claims , unless they are verified by arabic linguists . 
  considering afghanistan - such conflicts are everywhere . 
  pretty sure 4000 civilian deaths is commonplace in morocco-west sahara dispute , have you even heard of it ? 
   french prisoners might be 70 % muslim , but they are also ... you know ... mostly french . 
  see , that 's exactly the problem . 
  before they arrive the kinds of you say ` oh look , these are good migrants , they will work and benefit our economy greatly ' . 
  after a decade , when 50 % of them are unemployed and further 25 % are incarcerated , you say ` oh , but these are french citizens , how can you even think of deporting them ? ', 
  this kind of brainwash has a name , we call it the ` done deal policy ' - you squander any kind of discussion until it 's too late to have one . 
  and then , although you accept the undeniable fact of reduction of education standards in sweden due to immigration , you relativise it by saying ` hey look , it 's still better than you other european suckers , everything 's fine ' . 
  why do n't we compare to somalian education system then , we 'll have a long way down , while still proudly claiming ` look , our system is so much better than the somali one ' . 
  exactly , especially with our growing reliance on welfare state and aging working population ( hint : these young migrants wo n't keep the pension system afloat , because in majority they will never contribute to it ) . 
  who is going to pay for all these costs ? 
  middle class , of course . 
  the same middle class that is the basis of a healthy society and economy , and you basically fucked them over big time for some stupid ideological beliefs . 
  they end up working longer hours , their children lack access to good schools , themselves have to wait for months to get a doctor 's appointment . 
  but yeah , at least they are ` humanitarian ' , unlike all those pesky racists fuckers , who want to keep their wealth to themselves and prefer not to live in an arabic-speaking ghetto with terrorist attacks every other month . 
  [ citation needed ] also , where 's the war in afghanistan ? 
  you misunderstand my point . 
  my point is these institutions are never perfect and should be held to much higher scrutiny than any other service , for obvious reasons . 
  instead , you and other norwegians in the thread claim there is nothing to be worried about , because these institutions are funded and controlled by the state , ergo they are perfect . 
  it is basically you saying they can do nothing wrong , because they are the state - in other words , statolatry , most common in fascist states . 
  your absolute belief in bureaucracy is at least worrying . 
  of course , the parents can claim different things . 
  however , if you have multiple cases like that every fucking year and this stuff reaches ministerial level with several countries ( such as poland , india , czech or lithuania ) then there is something to be worried about - instead , you outright claim the state was surely right , the parents must surely be monsters and the whole world 's treatment of children is so much behind your glorious scandi model that it 's not even worth to think about what these barbarians say . 
  i 'm sorry , but get of your moral high horse . 
  - forced sterilisation programme , leaving more than 40k people involuntarily sterilised - forced lobotomy programme i mentioned - barnevernet 's exploits , including the 4000 children who sued the state for their treatment , and all the recent international cases . 
  is that not enough for you ? 
  i 'm not trying to instil some kind of inferiority in you , in fact most countries could learn from norway about how to run stuff - i just want you to be a critical , inquisitive citizen , the pillar of democracy - not a state-idolizing one who automatically believes everything the state says . 
  the latter was common in communist dictatorships , i guess you do n't want to associated with such societies . 
  norway has one of the highest rates of children taken by cps in the world , this is not a 1 % thing . 
  it 's even so bad that the governments of several european countries had talks about bringing the issue to the european courts . 
  in any case , such violent disconnection from their parents ( they kidnap children right from the school and deny the parents any viewing rights ) is extremely traumatic and resulting in long-term psychological damage that can not be justified in any case less than extremely violent abuse of the parents . 
  also , here 's how these children brought up by the so caring cps thank them once they grow up : `` approximately 4000 former children in care have sought compensation for the suffering and abuse while living in orphanages or child protection between 1945 and 1980 . 
  of these , 2637 have received compensation , in total $ 220 million ( 2010 ) . '', 
  and here 's some more : `` the service has been severely criticized by the government of india for taking away two children of an indian couple who were working in norway . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] ** berit aarset , who heads human rights alert , norway , has called the incident `` state kidnapping '' ** . 
  she says , `` this is not the first time such a thing is happening in norway ... the legal system favours the child welfare services and they do what they want all the time ... quite often when a norwegian is married to a non-norwegian they also do the same thing ; they also do this to asylum seekers and in almost every case they say one of the parents have a mental problem just to make their case strong ... that is what has happened in the bhattacharya case too . 
  '' [ 7 ] the case of the bhattacharya children involved norway 's foreign minister ( jonas gahr st\u00f8re ) meeting with a special envoy from india in 2012 . 
  [ 8 ] '' `` in may 2011 , the two sons of eva michal\u00e1kov\u00e1 and husband who originate from the czech republic were removed by the child welfare services due to suspicion of child sexual abuse by the father ; allegations denied by the couple . 
  [ 11 ] michal\u00e1kov\u00e1 has since divorced her husband and continues to reside in norway . '', 
  ( the father was never charged with anything , hence this is a perfect example of state kidnapping based on hearsay ), 
  i 'm just pointing out that your unwavering support of your system is unreasonable considering such frequent and dramatic failures in not so distant past . 
  i 'm sure the victims of lobotomies were also branded crazy crybabies and their voice ignored , because the state can not do any wrong , can it ? 
  lobotomy is hardly therapeutic , you are right though that it was used in some countries - namely usa , great britain and scandinavia . 
  other countries , such as soviet union or japan , banned it in the 50s , so nothing to be really proud about . 
  ok , so a child is an individual , who ca n't decide what 's best for it . 
  so instead of allowing parents , the only people in the world that are actually connected to the child and know it from the birth , you prefer to give the decision on what 's best for the child to to some clerk in an office , who does n't give a slightest fuck and for him it 's just an entry in an excel sheet that he will never look at again . 
  statolatry is a great religion , is n't it comrade ? 
  i guess these 300 legally lobotomized were also bad people , who deserved it , or whose parenting techniques were not acceptable ? 
  were they all also a mistake in system or rather a common occurrence ? 
  outright claiming they are child beaters and/or drug addicts is very low of you . 
  instead of accepting that maybe , after a decade of complaints from around the world , there is something wrong with your system , you take the short path and dismiss the case as probable low-lifes , who certainly deserved that . 
  what is even more tragic , is that your country has history of state abuse of children , apparently you still pay compensation for abuse back in 50s , or for legal lobotomies you did in the 70s . 
  so maybe it 's time to accept your country is not a perfect utopia and your state can be just as oppressive as any other - and as any other requires constants citizen surveillance , not this complacent statolatry . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/norway/1324127/norwegian-government-sued-over-children-nazis-left-behind.html http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8337667, 
  same thing happened multiple times with polish and lithuanian children , also in sweden . 
  hell , even the hardcore liberal polish newspaper gazeta wyborcza ( who normally does n't allow anything bad about the scandinavian model ) did a very long article on child kidnapping by cps services back in 2008 . 
  to illustrate how ridiculous the whole ordeal was - one of the mothers was asked why she tells her children that they must study to go to a good school and have a good life .
