i lived near this area twice . 
  it is generally inhabited by african and north african immigrants . 
  however , i did n't have any problems in this particular neighbourhood ( lower road in deptford ) , but if you go just a bit south to new cross gate it 's one of the most dangerous places i 've seen . 
  of course there was , but it was mostly limited to rome itself , not the provinces ( still you had strong roman influences on greece and egypt ) . 
  the latin language and roman culture are one of the most successful in human history . 
  and they were proud of it in the same way as modern nationalism . 
  korwin is much better educated and has much greater grasp of economics than 99 % of politicians , including tusk , kaczy\u0144ski , petru or kukiz . 
  if you claim he is a dumb old man , then you hold all other politicians as brainless cattle . 
  and since you voted for them , you are one as well . 
  please , po was chronically abusing tvp for anti-marsz niepodleg\u0142o\u015bci propaganda , including false reporting of number of protesters . 
  throughout the 8 sad years of their rule every year at least 40k at sometimes as much as 100k people gathered in warsaw , while tvp , tvn and wyborcza would report on ` violent protests with few thousand football hooligans ' . 
  indeed , it was po 's hallmark to never invite anybody who could ask difficult questions - eg . 
  their long-lasting ban on korwin . 
  now , almost daily i see some journalist from liberte in tvp , which is as far from pis as you could be . 
  the thick doors are part of our different building technique , where everything is insulated and sturdy . 
  most western countries have rather lax building standards , with poor ventilation , no heating and thin , uninsulated walls . 
  it 's more of a matter of harsher climate than safety . 
  that 's a simplistic view that can easily be discarded by comparing our growth to other countries in similar circumstances , for instance ukraine . 
  also , gdp is not really a good indicator of growth . 
  printing money increases gdp , and so does cheap-labour outsourcing . 
  that 's a misleading graph . 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/poland-gdp-growth-annual@2x.png?s=pogdyoy&amp;v=201604041758n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) one is more on point and actually shows higher levels of growth before joining eu , especially for 1994-2000 averaging 5.6 % . 
   with the french government citing psychologists who state that fatherhood is determined by society , rather than biology . 
  wow , what a fucking load of moral relativism bullshit . 
  how about they ask actual scientists , like geneticists or doctors , instead of some quackery psychologist ? 
  not really , there 's a lot of chernozem and other fertile lands in the western parts as well . 
  they are all unused , full of gigantic weeds . 
  i was wondering how was that possible when i saw that . 
   that 's slander , without them there would be no poles left today . 
  of course there would be . 
  in fact , there would be at least 500k more poles , the ones you genocided . 
  combined with all the victims of communist occupation and the resulting economic disaster i 'd say you owe us at least 10 million people . 
   even if commited by soviet , which i doubt , this act alone can not be considered genocide . 
  funny that 70 years after war ended we still have revisionists . 
  you just indirectly admitted you are an uneducated idiot , with soviet apologetics in mind . 
  even putin admitted to the soviet fault , there 's even the original document signed by stalin . 
  the soviet monuments commemorate soviet heroes , not polish ones . 
  in fact , all of them are seen as oppressors they really were in poland , raping , pillaging and killing millions . 
  katy\u0144 was a genocide act done by the soviet against poland . 
  the comparison is indecent . 
  this comment is actually a reference to how the last po foreign minister , rados\u0142aw sikorski , described their contemporary stance towards usa in the leaked tapes . 
  in this regard waszczykowski wanted to say that he wants to change such politics of subservience . 
  unless you count the victims of 50 years of communist occupation . 
  also , do you know that the reduction in arms for civilians was a soviet strategy aimed at controlling the enslaved populations ? 
  it 's even visible in the rates of eastern vs western europe . 
  i see you proudly continue the homo sovieticus legacy . 
  the legal system is completely different between poland and sweden , a polish lawyer can not , without several years of retraining and certification , work in sweden at all . 
  do you think it 's better for syria , especially considering the even bigger cultural and language differences ? 
  or do you think a random syrian lawyer is actually a highly competent international lawyer , who travels all over the world ? 
  if so , think for a second - if he was , he would already have had the means and money to travel wherever he wanted . 
  as for my personal beliefs , i believe a sovereign country has full rights to determine who is allowed in or not . 
  since the sovereignty of country depends on the citizens , me being one of them , i 'm perfectly in my legal and moral rights to deny access to any element i deem a threat to well being of myself and my fellow countrymen . 
  you seem to take an opposite view , the well being of your countrymen is the least of your concern . 
  instead you think well being of some random guy from a third world country is more important , to the point where you sacrifice your countrymen 's inherent citizen rights . 
  i hate to break it up to you , but according to pretty much every definition you are a traitor , sir . 
  as for the lawyer - the best outcome for him and for the rest would be to go to some neighbouring arabic country and seek employment there . 
  for instance , the very rich saudi arabia . 
  this is absolutely haram though , at least according to the likes of you . 
  that article mentions retaliatory strikes against local ukrainian militias and civilians supporting them after the genocide has already been commenced by upa . 
  nothing about these pre-war ethnic cleansing you mentioned . 
  in fact , upa was a terrorist organisation that killed hundreds of people , including high state official , in the second polish republic . 
  bandera revisionism again . 
  let me take a shot at it : hitler never killed any jew , we was in germany when holocaust occured . 
  why does everybody hate him ? 
  armenian genocide is not recognised by a lot of countries . 
  that means it did n't happen . 
  jews killed few germans in ww1 . 
  the holocaust was thus justified . 
  germans wanted self-governance in occupied poland . 
  you must realise that the reason for jewish and polish massacres was primarily from desire of germany to have self governance and the antagonism of poles towards that idea . 
  / s we will forgive if , once you stop this stupid revisionism and face your past , like men , not like cowards . 
   if the genetics of an individual are altered then they are passed down to children effectively improving everyone 's genes over time . 
  it will improve genes of these augmented people only . 
  all the others will perish in the evolutionary sense . 
   that 's how the world works currently . 
  not really . 
   that movie is actually a great example of how the world works currently . 
  no it does n't . 
  `` everything within the state , nothing outside the state , nothing against the state . '', 
  that is the original definition of fascism created by mussolini . 
  a situtation , where the state is above the nation and the individual . 
  there was no xenophobia and no particular violence in mussolini 's italy . 
  the cult of personality was mild , statolatry was the true religion . 
  the villages around lviv mostly have right sector/upa flags prominently displayed and the region is known for its absolute adoration of bandera . 
  lviv itself is very nice and safe though . 
  funny how all you people use the word ` fascist ' without any understanding of the meaning , where instead you mean ` chauvinist ' . 
  tells a lot about historical education in europe , especially along the ` progressive crowd ' . 
  you apparently know nothing about fascism or mussolini , go read a historical book instead of presenting your laughable ideas to the whole world . 
  because communism , cultural revolution and intelligentsia purges for 50 years straight . 
  they are only recovering now . 
  that is the definition of eugenics . 
  you might consider the ` humanity ' better as whole , but then what about invididual rights ? 
  what about those who can not afford the treatment , or can only afford the second-class one ? 
  should we create a genetically and economically stratified society , where a person would never be able to advance in the social ladder ? 
  check out gattaca . 
  your moral high horse is astounding , can you even see us little ones from way up there ? 
  the guy is a lawyer in syria . 
  his skills are completely useless outside of syria . 
  he hardly speaks the language and has no workable skills at all . 
  being an educated man , he probably had some idea about this .
