  and that 's also exactly what 's happening in syria with both isis and the ` moderate ' jihadists . 
  we should cut the aid and put all illegals back on military planes flying to afghanistan . 
  they are not going to shoot them down after all . 
  arab spring was perpetuated and backed by western secret services though , taliban would never have that level of support . 
  that 's exactly what they want to do , schulz even said it few weeks back that there is no turning back from multiculturalism and the countries that try to will have it forced upon them . 
  not to mention their constant speeches about european identity , being first and foremost a european , etc. 
  reduction of corporate tax burdens will allow more capital to be spent on wages - at least in theory . 
  yes , mostly stuff that humans ca n't . 
  also , mostly stuff that grows naturally , without fertilizers . 
  that 's some interesting data , i thought recent studies showed lower cancer risk - but i think they only looked at dietary cancers , like colon cancer , which afaik is caused by trans fats and carcinogenic compounds in fried foods - maybe overall cancer rate increases . 
  as for mental illness , there indeed seems to be a link . 
  for instance , [ this study ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3466124/ ) shows elevated risks - however `` the analysis of the respective ages at adoption of a vegetarian diet and onset of a mental disorder showed that the adoption of the vegetarian diet tends to follow the onset of mental disorders '' - might it be the case that mentally unstable people tend to choose a vegan diet more often ? 
  this could be taken as pretty offensive , but that 's what the paper suggests . 
  i need to look for some further data on that topic , thanks for posting it . 
  everything is , entropy really is the king . 
  you 're right , but the supply of manure is limited - before the invention of the haber-bosch process guano was mined , but it could n't satisfy the demand . 
  you 're right , but once your body would use up their latent protein sources ( resulting in ` african child look ' ) you would die . 
  of course , for a healthy european that would take a long time . 
  ' i have proven you have n't read the links by referring to non-existent parts of the study to support my points and failed to provide actual citation when you asked . ', 
  what are you smoking ? 
  i read the study before i commented on it , you can see in my first post i specifically said it 's a study comparing dieting vegans/vegetarians/whatever with ordinary meat eaters , which is a huge bias . 
  you should start reading scientific papers yourself and less 4chan , because writing ` rekt ' in every post does actually make you look juvenile and ignorant . 
  also , as i can see you can not refute any of my points , which just reinforces the belief in your adolescence . 
  i actually met all three varieties , so they do exist . 
  assuming ruminates are more efficient at turning plants into meat ( which they are ) , it 's not so unreasonable . 
  and you need tenfold amount of wheat to get similar nutritional content - that 's what i was referring to . 
  although in reality this is probably less for plants than meat - still , it 's not a stellar difference like it 's portrayed to be . 
  okay , i guess we are really done here . 
  you tell me i ca n't read the links , i do read them and do n't find anything on your claims . 
  then i ask you for specific quotations and you reply ` nah mate find them yourself ' . 
  you are a waste of time , sadly , but maybe some people reading this thread will educate themselves and stay away from ignorants like yourself . 
  there is no controversy on protein quality and full spectrum amino acids - it 's a scientific fact . 
  it 's also a scientific fact that most plants do n't posses the full spectrum and their protein is of lower quality , requiring much more of it for proper nutrition that meat-based ones . 
  there is no scientific conflict here , only ` moral ' one . 
  i 'd guess it 's pretty similar , or even more efficient to use cattle to produce meat , as the evolution made them a pretty efficient plant-to-meat converter , i 'm sure they are much better than human ones . 
  also , do you know what a full amino acid spectrum is ? 
  ok , i will repeat once again - show me the exact quotes from the study you 've linked to supporting all your claims . 
  then we can talk about reading comprehension and scientific hard-ons . 
  please , keep your teenager temper to yourself and read the sources too . 
  where exactly does his link support any of his claims ? 
  show me the exact quote , because as far i can see there 's only stuff like this : `` cross-sectional analyses of study data showed that vegans had lower total - and ldl-cholesterol concentrations than did meat eaters ; vegetarians and fish eaters had intermediate and similar values . '', 
  `` thus , the health of vegetarians in this study is generally good and compares favorably with that of the nonvegetarian control subjects . 
  larger studies are needed to examine rates of specific cancers and other diseases among vegetarians . '', 
  that 's all it says , that vegetarians in the study had comparable or better indicators . 
  nothing about meat being bad for you , nothing about chicken being better , nothing about the big bad fat , etc. 
  who really got caught and rekt citing research not supporting their claims at all ? 
  i got a hard on peer-reviewed , hard science papers published in respected journals , something that you clearly do n't appreciate as much as i do . 
  where did i get rekt exactly ? 
  i asked for sources , he replied that ` we are done ' , ` you ca n't read ' and started pointing to non-existing results of the study he linked to . 
  i guess he did n't even read it . 
  meat is relatively expensive , because it is rich in nutrients . 
  however , a proper vegan diet is probably as expensive as a ordinary meaty one , as you need some exotic varieties to produce a full amino acid spectrum . 
  not really , a lot of vitamins are either absent or very poorly absorbed in plant sources . 
  moreover , there are also minerals , such as heme iron , which do n't exist in plants at all . 
  meat-derived supplements surely can provide these nutrients . 
  however , how hypocritical can you be not to eat meat , because animals , blablabla , but then use animal-derived supplements in your diet ? 
  as i said , i do n't care for the difference between vegan and vegetarian . 
  you still have n't provided me with sources for your outstanding claims and you already say we are done ? 
  i guess that means there are no sources and you really have a degree on pulling shit out of your ass  also , the scientific method is really cool , you should read on it - hint , there is no ` reading pillar ' , it actually deals with something quite different . 
  back in the 1980 the word vegan did n't probably exist . 
  anyway , i do n't follow the subtleties and politics of what makes a vegetarian vegan so bear with me if i ignore the difference . 
  ok , so you have n't cut down on these nutrients , you just replaced them with vegetable-derived ones . 
  i did , as i said the study does n't say anything about meat being bad for you . 
  do you know how scientific method works ? 
  you are not going to provide me a meta-analysis study from a refuted journal , because they do n't exist , not because you are ` offended ' . 
  the study you 've shown only showed that long-term vegetarians , who consciously prepare their diet have somewhat better morphological stats than ordinary people . 
  it does n't show anything else , really . 
  there are three main types of food - carbs , protein and fat . 
  you claim to cut back on all three of those - what do you replace it with then ? 
  i 'm just promoting hard science mate , but thanks , 
  and to get the protein content of 1 kg of meat you need to eat 90 kg of wheat  nah , not really - wheat does not have a full amino acid spectrum , so you would still starve on it . 
  these studies compare vegans , who spend a lot of time managing their diets and are generally food-conscious , with ordinary meat-eaters , who have no idea about balanced meals . 
  pretty biased , also considering all vegans must eat animal-derived vitamins and minerals , which simply do n't exist in plants ( b12 or heme iron ) . 
  sure , you do n't need to eat meat every day for your protein source only if you eat balanced a mix of vegetables , that would contain full amino acid spectrum - which is a chore and 99 % of people do n't even know what amino acid spectrum is . 
  you mean some wealthy humans can have a balanced , non-meat diet and supplement it with animal-derived vitamins ( which do n't exist in plants ) if they spend 2 hours every day combining grains , so their protein content is full ? 
  yes , it 's possible . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i was referring to the ` food pyramid ' bullshit , which made people eat less fats and replace them with carbs , which led to the obesity epidemics we have now . 
  `` meat as it is consumed by most is definitely bad for you . '', 
  [ citation needed ] '' most people eat most of their meat either by consuming either fast food or very faty dishes with the side dishes being mostly grain or potatos . '', 
  [ citation needed ] `` pork and beef ( or the parts of the beef that are consumed ) are unhealthy if consumed too much , chicken is better . '', 
  [ citation needed ] do you have a degree on pulling stuff out of your ass or do you just enjoy feeling superior on the internet ? 
  half of the things you mentioned are common to agriculture as well . 
  add to that the water nitrogen poisoning from overuse of fertilizers ( i guess vegan food ca n't be grown on manure either ) and you get a similar environmental impact . 
  which has a much more severe environmental costs , polluting worldwide waters with nitrogen . 
  oh , the irony , however science was never vegan 's strong side . 
  no , because left-wing tolerance only works one way , ie . 
  ` there is no tolerance for intolerance ' . 
  in other words , they only tolerate and support views that they already share . 
  nothing new here . 
  you cut on meat , you cut on fat and you cut on grains . 
  seems like you keep a calorie deficit all way around , are you sure you are still alive and kicking ? 
  or are you one of the breatharian folk ? 
  yeah , that pyramid is bullshit that was sponsored by the food industry in usa . 
  modern nutritional biologists warn about high amounts of processed carbohydrates , while promoting eating large amount of meat and unsaturated fats . 
  high amount of high glycemic index carbohydrates damages the insulin/carbohydrate system in the body and in prolonged , high amounts leads to diabetes and other metabolic issues . 
  it 's also the primary reason of getting fat , especially fructose . 
  carbohydrates are the primary source of energy , however they should be offset with high amount of unsaturated fats , which are a better long-term energy source . 
  i 'm sorry , but you should stop posting here , as you simply have no idea how biology-based nutrition works . 
  people reading your top posts will only leave the place less educated , save them the mental anguish .
