  http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2010/12/meet-the-people-who-want-julian-assange-whacked/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/dec/01/us-embassy-cables-executed-mike-huckabee http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/oreilly/transcript/there-are-traitors-america pull your head out of your ass and see the world we live in . 
   maximum sentence for skipping bail in the uk is 12 months in prison , not # 1000 . 
  1000 euro fine was the punishment he faced in sweden for the molestation charges . 
  anyway , this is waste of my time . 
  continue living in denial in your safe space . 
  i never claimed it was strong evidence , it is n't . 
  but it is some evidence , contrary to what you try to claim . 
  every single government since 1989 had a minority popular support . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  again , if you spent a minute researching it would pop up as first search result . 
  i do n't think the girls are cia agents , more probably is that they were easily manipulated to feel raped post-factum , which is believable considering their gender studies education in the progressive sweden . 
  `` while in cuba , ardin worked with the las damas de blanco ( the ladies in white ) , a feminist anti-castro group . 
  professor michael seltzer pointed out that the group is led by carlos alberto montaner who is reportedly connected to the cia . 
  shamir and bennett also describe ardin as a `` leftist '' who `` published her anti-castro diatribes ( see here and here ) in the swedish-language publication revista de asignaturas cubanas put out by miscel\u00e1neas de cuba . '' shamir and bennett noted that las damas de blanco is partially funded by the us government and also counts luis posada carriles as a supporter . 
  a declassified 1976 document ( . pdf ) revealed posada to be a cia agent . 
  he has been convicted of terrorist attacks that killed hundreds of people . '', 
   egypt story comes from wikileaks , and its authenticity is therefore questionable . 
  eh , you never stop do you ? 
  you instantly believe wild accusations of two women directly linked to cia , who specially went through channels allowing them to not face persecution in case of lying , but you do n't believe the biggest whisteblowing site in the world , which has never so far been proven to lie . 
  i guess you 're one of these statolatry guys , who believe the state is the people and whatever is good for the state is good for the people ( hint : comes from a guy from italy ) . 
  if you even spent a minute researching that , you 'd have found that this was real and the egyptians were granted hefty compensation for that . 
  i wo n't even comment on the rest , as it 's pointless to argue with naivety of thinking that usa could not exert this kind of influence . 
  just a protip - whatever lies the state and the media feed you , is not necessarily true . 
  remember this wild conspiracy theory about overthrowing kaddafi , because he wanted to create a new , pan-african currency ? 
  proven to be true , by leaked cables from hillary clinton last month - but i guess you never heard about it , did you , because you only believe the official lies . 
  i truly pity people like you . 
  you do n't understand - if you actually watched his movies and speeches before he was indicted you would . 
  this scenario was exactly what he was supposed to do - a nice face to be a scapegoat , so the organization as a whole can continue . 
  however , they did n't foresee the costs associated with such an endeavour . 
  if they cut him loose now , they would basically agree on defeat . 
  and another one would have to become the public face and face the same kind of persecution as assange - and since nobody is crystal clear , they would find something on him too , ad nauseam . 
  assange was never physically running wikileaks . 
  he was the public face , the figure that would get all the blame . 
  and he paid the price for it . 
  1 ) uk ca n't extradite him if he faces death penalty . 
  sweden has already broken this rule ( send some guys to egypt , where they were tortured ~ ~ and executed ~ ~ ) in recent years and it 's much easier to strongarm by usa . 
  2 ) uk public is generally in favour of assange , contrary to sweden . 
  much easier to deport him from sweden , then there is much less controversy in uk . 
  3 ) no , it implies usa can strongarm it 's ` partners ' to fit it 's goals . 
  uk is a much more important and defensive ` partner ' than sweden . 
   assange is a self serving asshat . 
  the conspiracy theory he 's concocted makes zero sense , and there 's literally no evidence that the usa are even after him . 
  wikileaks continues to operate in his absence , and their staff remain alive and unarrested . 
  except they do n't . 
  when was last time you heard about cables leaked such as the ones showing attacks on unarmed afghans ? 
  the cost of keeping assange free is at least 10 million dollars already , money that would otherwise be spent on infrastructure . 
  it is especially important , because it 's hard to finance wikileaks , as the motherfuckers from visa , mastercard and swift blocks all transfers to them ( but still allows supporting al-quada or isis , great one you motherfucking crooks ) . 
  they want to charge him with either treason or espionage , both of which include capital punishment . 
  was n't manning also facing death penalty if he did n't confess , as well as snowden ? 
  if it 's so trivial , why the whole fucking world is chasing the guy , spending millions of dollars , for a felony that is apparently punishable by up to 1000 euro fine ? 
  it 's to send a message - fuck with us , and we will spend all our money to fuck you up . 
  what ? 
  you know that during the war , the biggest problem was not manpower , but lack of guns ? 
  hence , if we actually had more guns in the second republic , maybe ( small chance , but still ) we could have won the warsaw uprising ? 
  most units composed of 10 men had a single gun and few grenades . 
  also , that was almost 100 years ago . 
  he ( allegedly ) committed a federal felony , does n't matter what state you send him to , he will be trialed by the federal court . 
  no , it 's not assange , but leaked wikileaks cables . 
  `` sweden has in the recent past violated international treaties in relation to surrendering foreign nationals into us custody to be interrogated and tortured ( case of extraordinary rendition , agiza v. sweden at the european court of human rights ) . 
  furthermore , amnesty international and the un committee against torture criticised sweden because it rendered two refugees to the cia who were then tortured under the egyptian regime of hosni mubarak . 
  ( a documentary with the testimony of tortured refugees who had been granted asylum and then rendered to the cia by sweden was aired on swedish television on 5 october 2011 . '', 
  https://justice4assange.com/us-extradition.html#wsja https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_by_the_united_states_federal_government, 
  except uk wo n't extradite him , when he can and will face death penalty . 
  afair sweden has some secret extradition deals with usa , which where already used few times before . 
  it 's also much easier to strongarm . '', 
  sweden has in the recent past violated international treaties in relation to surrendering foreign nationals into us custody to be interrogated and tortured ( case of extraordinary rendition , agiza v. sweden at the european court of human rights ) . 
  furthermore , amnesty international and the un committee against torture criticised sweden because it rendered two refugees to the cia who were then tortured under the egyptian regime of hosni mubarak . 
  ( a documentary with the testimony of tortured refugees who had been granted asylum and then rendered to the cia by sweden was aired on swedish television on 5 october 2011 . '', 
  i see , that explains . 
  1976 is still pretty recent though . 
  you are wrong . 
  we have one of the lowest guns per capita in the world . 
  it 's very hard to get a self-defence license , it 's nearly impossible . 
  the hunting license is easier , but still requires a lot of training and money . 
  legally speaking , you can not use your hunting license for self-defence . 
  it 's easiest to get a collector 's license , which also does n't allow you to use the gun in most cases at all . 
  fun fact , this is a communist law that was created in order to subvert the population - exactly why 2nd amendment makes sense . 
  it 's also pretty easy to get a gun if you are a criminal , i have a friend , not some gangster or anything , who got his hands on a gun in ~ two hours , being 16 at the time . 
  source : trying to get a license myself . 
   he was n't charged with a crime because he fled from police . 
  you ca n't be charged with a crime in sweden until you submit to questioning . 
  except he did submit himself - but the old prosecutor dropped the case and explicitly told him he can leave sweden . 
  also , if he was n't charged , how come they already sent an arrest warrant after him ? 
  guilt until proven innocent much ? 
   no , the us never said this . 
  the us has not indicted assange for a crime , nor have they sought an extradition . 
  please , do n't be naive . 
   why not apply occam 's razor : assange does n't want to go to sweden because he does n't want to be tried for rape . 
  why not apply occam 's razor : assange was running the biggest whisteblowing website in the world that exposed numerous violations of law , since his hunt wikileaks struggles to exist , since it already cost several millions of dollars to keep assange free . 
  have you followed the case from the beginning ? 
  because i have and back then nobody was even questioning the motives of sweden and us . 
  only now , when people forgot about all the shit wikileaks exposed the swedish version is given any credibility . 
  shows how easily our society is manipulated . 
  of course not . 
  they just call them ` local muslim community ' , etc. 
  here 's some more info on the housing : http://www.wnd.com/2015/05/swedens-welfare-bonanza-for-returning-isis-jihadists/, 
  even if they did n't deport him officially , bet yo ass he would suddenly disappear and reappear as a bearded man in an orange suit on the coast of cuba . 
  whatever they want to charge him for does n't apply anyway and all this is a matter of usa saying ` if you go against us we will fuck you in any way imaginable , no law can help you ' . 
   how is it a `` violation of basic rule of law '' to have the police investigate if there have been a crime ? 
  it 's not about that , it 's about the culpability of the accuser .
