  first of all , fmri is rather inaccurate as it uses ` standard templates ' and weak statistical methods to classify activity ( `` before the controversies were publicized in 2010 , between 25-40 % of studies on fmri being published were not using the corrected comparisons . 
  but by 2012 , that number had dropped to 10 % . 
  dr. sally satel , writing in time , cautioned that while brain scans have scientific value , individual brain areas often serve multiple purposes and `` reverse inferences '' as commonly used in press reports carry a significant chance of drawing invalid conclusions '' ) . 
  secondly , how can you distinguish which fmri activity is actually consciousness ? 
  such comparison would effectively require a resurrection , as you would need to compare a completely dead brain with an alive one ( vegetative state is still not fully understood and can not be used as an example of unconsciousness ) 4 . 
  well , in evidence-based medicine consciousness is a medical term pretty much unrelated to the general problem of consciousness - which is exactly my point . 
  by medical definition toddlers are not conscious , yet we do consider them human and penalize for killing them . 
  regarding quantum computers , there is actually one controversial theory that states consciousness is a product of quantum interactions , mainly of microtubules within neuron cells . 
  the theory is called orchestrated objective reduction and is developed partially by one of the leading physicists , sir roger penrose . 
  no , i have n't , i did quite a lot of cognitive science though . 
  please do tell of these ideas , especially from a molecular biological aspect . 
  what is consciousness in first place , which cells/processes create it , how can we measure it and what is experimental evidence for any of it ? 
  also , please explain how your ideas can be differentiated from philosophical zombie and the searle 's argument . 
  you do n't understand what theocracy means . 
  ancient isreal was theocratic , the only law in action was based on old testament - just as islamism is theocratic , because it is based on quran . 
  european common law is also loosely based on the bible ( as people voting creating them were mostly christians ) , but it is also completely secular and separate from it . 
  especially considering abortion is rampant in asia , especially china , where thousands of girls are aborted every year , just because of their gender . 
  your argument is invalid , because we have absolutely no understanding of how consciousness works . 
  sure , it probably is located somewhere in the brain , but until we have definite scientific theory and experimental proof of thereof , assuming embryos are not conscious/human is ignorant and machiavellian . 
  actually , the current abortion laws produce a very low number of them in poland , even taking into consideration illegal and foreign ones . 
  however , that is mainly due to our culture . 
  tell me , as a pole , what is this white privilege you are talking about ? 
  is it related to the word ` slavs ' , which comes from massive slave trade perpetuated by ottomans , arabs and berbers and supervised by contemporary jewish slavery guild starting in 7th century and ending as recently as 20th ? 
  ngo types rarely have good , or any , understanding of history and world politics . 
  not only that , these activities are often illegal by russian law , so these people are actually law-abiding citizens , 
  all christian parties want to change the law from within the system , no christian calls for theocracy . 
  muslims want to abolish secular law and revive the caliphate . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of these us people have [ veneers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veneer_\\ ( dentistry \\ ) ) , which are much less popular in europe . 
  the polish lng terminal case is actually much more severe , because existing nord stream violated construction plans and obstructed naval entry into the terminal , in effect preventing any of the ( already planned ) extensions . 
  another pipeline will surely not improve the situation . 
  it 's a liberal media lie , as usual . 
  an iranian-german hating on immigrants ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  they made up this whole breivik story from his apparent whatsapp picture , there is no evidence whatsoever to support it . 
  but hey , it 's extremely easy to charge ` right-wing extremists ' with anything now , you do n't even need evidence . 
  yet when an obvious muslim blows up shouting allahu ackbar with a hand-drawn isis flag in his bedroom then we need a two month investigation to reach the conclusion that he was mentally unstable and had absolutely no connections with isis and islamism , am i right ? 
  the consitutional court does n't judge over election results in poland , we have a different institution for that , pkw . 
  once again a foreigner shows his ignorance of polish law and unsuccessfully tries to paint himself as a defender of democracy . 
  you still did n't answer my question - how is it possible that in the law-abiding , perfect austria elections were a massive fraud and where 's schultz 's , juncker 's and tusk 's statements on the subject ? 
  that 's how sting operations work , whether you like it or not . 
  a normal person would never bulge for any corruption offer . 
  justyifing her sins by saying she was just a vulnerable single woman fallen for a handsome guy ( if he can be considered handsome at all ) is relativisation of a serious crime , one that sadly is still widespread - and by doing that you are just sending message that it 's actually okay to do that . 
  would you support her as well if she murdered somebody ? 
  she is a convicted criminal and should have spent time in prison for her crimes . 
  if you have insider knowledge into how cba undermines polish democracy then feel free to share . 
  until then your words are just speculation by a foreigner , who seemingly does n't know much about poland . 
  also , speaking about undermining democracy - how are your elections going ? 
  were n't they recently determined null , because the right-wing 's candidate votes were consistently dumped in order for the left-wing guy to win ? 
  where is the eu commission 's statement on destroying democracy and falsifying election results in austria ? 
  also , most civilized countries already have an anti-corruption bureau , and the bureau has already caught dozens of corrupt politicians , businessmen and clerks , from all political spectrums . 
  being against cba is being pro-corruption and pro-ukraine-style oligarchy . 
  not really , dawkins already explained that in ` selfish gene ' - single genes do want to spread and do n't even care about fitness of the organism . 
  every organism wants to propagate their individual , unique genes . 
   not today anymore it is n't . 
  i 'm not talking about your subjective individualistic feelings , but the objective evolutionary sense . 
  we are talking science here , or at least i am . 
   healing the mother from organic injuries inflicted because of the pregnancy not really , any kind of damage , including cancer , can be healed by baby stem cells - again , next time try [ reading some science ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2633676/ ) . 
  indeed , i think you touched a very important aspect - diversity for the elites means meeting rich people from other countries , who are invariable civil and rarely hold ( or rather , impose ) adversial beliefs on their hosts , while diversity for the rest means meeting people , who do n't have exposure to the rest of the world and want to keep their own rules and traditions and more than often despise host 's cultures/ways of life . 
  basically what makes the caviour elite from brussels so out of touch from pretty much everyone else in europe . 
  why it does n't mean much ? 
  uk has very sophisticated sex education system and their teen pregnancies are skyrocketing , even with the high abortion numbers . 
  that 's just as a valid example as poland . 
  the only truly anglican country is uk , i guess you meant protestants ( which anglicans are not ) . 
  spreading of her genes , which , as i said , is the only purpose of life . 
  of course , there are other physical positives that we only learn about recently , like stem cells from the baby healing the mother - but that 's just addition to the main purpose , which is reproduction . 
  your ignorance shows with every post you make . 
  please , as i said , do read some biology books , especially ones on evolution and fitness and come back to me , because your naive reductionist approach has been debunked back in 19th century . 
  yes it does matter , the definiton of parasite is one using host 's energy for its own gain . 
  fetus is a gain for mother as well , hence it can not be a parasite , maybe a symbiote ( not exactly , because just as parasites it requires two distinct species ) . 
  it does matter a lot , because you try to use pseudo-scientific factoid to advance your personal agenda , which is a vile and ignorant thing to do - and apparently , other ignoramuses accept your lies as biological facts . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  evolutionary speaking fetus is the only positive effect a mother can have in the world , as it 's carrying her genes . 
  please , do learn some basic biology before you start spewing your abortionist bullshit and trying to support it by your ignorance . 
  poland does n't have sex education and the abortion rates are very low ( even taking into account illegal abortions ) . 
  it 's not as clear cut as you claim . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  can you even into science ? 
  the purpose of every organism is reproduction . 
  fetus is the only way of reproduction . 
  how can the only purpose of any organism be parasitic ? 
  a parasitic entity is one that is of distinct species and in general uses host 's resources for its own gain . 
  a fetus is carrying mother 's genes , hence in the evolutionary sense ( which is the only sensible route biologically speaking ) is of great benefit to the mother . 
  not to mention parasites are always acting against the will of the host . 
  or maybe you 're the one living in the bubble ? 
  pis has constant support of ~ 40 % in the polls , support for n and po are diminishing every single day . 
  the amount of people protesting on kod marches is less than number of people attending motor lublin 's matches and 90 % of them are old people on pensions , the same type that loves to go to the doctor and queue just to kill boredom . 
  ` people i know ' is a better sampling group than your ` statistics ' taken straight out of your ass - so yeah , get of your high-horse and stop spreading bullshit propaganda and painting yourself as some kind of a renaissance man among troglodytes . 
  tell me , were you protesting on the streets when wprost was raided to get rid of proofs of po 's corruption and complete clusterfuck in the ministry , as one the interior minister himself stated ? 
  was n't democracy and free speech in jeopardy back then ? 
  really ? 
  do you have some sociological papers written on the subject , or do you just take such info out of your ass , as usual ? 
  disclaimer - i am also educated , affluent , young , middle class from big city and not a single young person i know voted for po . 
  but hey , painting the other camp as uneducated , old brats is an effective tactics , as brexit has shown , am i right ? 
  indeed , in all these threads people discuss this as a rare occurence and a sight of pis ` fascism ' , while they kept perfectly quiet when po did exactly the same , or even worse ( raid on wprost 's hq after it obtained wiretaps documenting illegal po 's business , anyone ? 
  ) , after previous elections . 
  bunch of hypocrites and ignorants with no understanding of the underlying issues . 
  i 'm sorry , but are you delusional or just ignorant ? 
  us military , amongst others , has constant presence in afghanistan since the invasion . 
  germany has been taking advantage of its position in eu by not following trade deficit quotas from treaty of lisbon , which results in undervalued german euro , which in turn immensely helps their exports - at the cost of recession in pretty much every other economy in the eurozone . 
  that 's what merkel means when she talks about european solidarity and following the common rules / s ,
