  unions predate socialism by a hundred years . 
  however , you are right that they evolved along socialist principles , that 's why so many of them are redundant , inefficient and in general just protectors of already employed workers , while reducing chance of employment for the new generation . 
   we 're rewriting history here , because we do n't like sharing too many words with the soviet union we are not rewriting anything . 
  we distinguish ourselves from a murderous ideology that has killed more people in history than anything else - over 100 million and counting , while bringing almost unprecedented levels of poverty and instability to billions more . 
  not really . 
  we have a capitalism system with welfare state , that was developed as a counter-measure to socialism . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  eu officials are often elected either by the eu parliament or the eu commission , which means they are indirectly elected by popular demand . 
  none of the things you described are relevant to socialism in itself , but are components of social democratic government policies under a capitalist free market economy . 
  eu bureaucrats are often elected , quite ironic you speak against it . 
   which would n't be an efficient allocation of goods . 
  if there was efficient allocation of goods by the market no government intervention would be necessary . 
  now i agree that is n't exactly the subject we were discussing but that was n't the point . 
  the goods would be allocated 100 % efficiently if perfect information was available . 
  it is not physically possible though , so markets are always a bit distorted . 
  keynes idea is that government should use fiscal policies to control the distortion , while hayek argues government intervention creates even more distortion and markets tend to be near efficient and self-regulating on their own . 
  anyway , you are asking for a definitive proof in a social science - it 's not possible to provide one . 
  however , observing how capitalism brought unprecedented levels of development and improvement in human condition and technology , and how every developed country has a market system , we are safe to assume it is certainly closest approximation to fully efficient allocation that we have tried . 
  yes , why ? 
  as much as i abhor eu 's left-wingness , it is a social democracy at the moment . 
  pretty sure judges and bureaucracy are elected in the us , as well as the president with extensive powers . 
  also , socialism has never worked and never will , the details do n't matter in this one . 
  not really , kemalists are the ones who kept ataturk 's ideas in power and turkey pretty much stable throughout the years . 
  yes , without the echr britain will legalize slavery and start colonizing africa again . 
  this is exactly what 's going to happen , m ` kay ? 
  not raised , just born . 
  i guess he meant a situation where a pregnant immigrant comes to dk , gives birth and suddenly she is undeportable , because her child was born on dk soil . 
  which , obviously , is bullshit and should not be the case . 
  ok , mr. fascist , hold on to your totalitarian beliefs , but please do n't ever again claim to be a worthy human being . 
  i 'm pretty sure neither italy nor greece want them there too . 
   when in the history of mankind did you see something like the eu where some countries litterally gives billions of money to other `` just because we are nice '' ? 
  it never happened . 
  please stop this fallacious and incredibly ignorant argument on how the western europe gives billions of billions of billions of coins to poor racist folks in the east out of the virtue of their hearts . 
  no wonder , marseille was certainly the dirtiest , foulest smelling and seemingly most dangerous city in europe i 've been to ( and that was back in 2012 ) . 
  marseille is the only place in europe i 've seen where there are actual burnt cars on the streets , surrounded by groups of immigrant teenagers looking at you in predatory way , and getting drugs and other illegal items literally takes seconds , even for newcomers . 
   cuba was economically worse before socialism [ citation needed ] . 
  in fact , this is bullshit as i 've already written that cuba was perceived as a most developed and richest nation in the region before castro took over . 
   you are aware that cuba is embargoed and ca n't import anything for the past half century , right ( another factor of poverty that has nothing to do with socialism ) ? 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  a lot of embargos in cuba , including importing cars and technology , is internal , meaning the state itself requires top-level clearance to import a car - and that 's the info i got directly from a cuban , who was explaining to me why a shitty 50s motorcycle costs $ 10k . 
  also , they are not embargoed by every country in the world , in fact they have substantial trade with venezuela and china . 
  they just do n't have the hard currency to pay for trade , because they do n't understand economics and the floating exchange rates . 
   castro defeated the regime of a whole country ( which was backed by the u.s. ) with only 82 soldiers a boat . 
  say what you want about the man , but it is difficult to overstate how much of a bad-ass he was militarily . 
  how he did defeat them i still have no idea , however they were not backed by us in any substance , in fact , as i wrote before , the nail in the coffin of batista government were embargos enacted by us before castro took over . 
  moreover , castro himself was a rather poor commander , again a figment of propaganda here . 
  the real war leaders were cienfuegos , who led most decisive battles and che , both of whom were covertly assassinated by castro for their input . 
  they could also stop funding and persecute people smuggling operations , for instance like those done by doctors without borders , and a lot of others ` humanitarian aids ' , for years already . 
  ok so now we have to punish the countries that do n't follow the only proper and just ideological line set by our great european elders . 
  reminds me of a certain place in east in the not so distant past - just the location of the elders have changed . 
  do you have any actual arguments other than emotional blabber and throwing the typical racist accusations ? 
  arguing with pro-immigration people would be interesting , if not for their complete lack of factual knowledge , self-preservation instinct and constant appeals to emotion . 
  i have almost 300 pics , once i get back home i can upload some more . 
  they have plenty natural resources , tons of iron , cobalt , nickel , copper , salt , timber , silica , oil and petroleum . 
  they have a very good climate and lots of arable lands , plenty of fish in the waters . 
  they are world-leading producers of tobacco and cigars . 
  they also had one of the biggest tourist industries in the world . 
  you are seeking excuses for a murderous imbecile with no understanding of economy , foreign policy or diplomatic relations . 
  castro was ready to sacrifice all cubans in the nuclear missile crisis just for his 'cause ' . 
  that 's a smoking gun of either complete mental incapacity or deliberate ideological extremism . 
  their health care and education are not first class . 
  sure , they are better than surrounding countries , but you can not compare the quality to pretty much any western country . 
  also , big parts of the statistics on these matters come from their state propaganda , so i would take it with a grain of salt . 
  so cubans who have actually lived under castro regime and risked their lives by swimming 200km through the ocean just to escape him are called fascist by a basement-dweller homegrown communist from europe that probably has never seen a hint of socialism in his lifetime ? 
  bro , you are not even trying here , just spare us your embarrassment . 
  pretty sure , just like 99 % of things you hear about castro from cuba , is a propaganda lie . 
  he personally ordered gays and ` effeminate men ' to be incarcerated and did n't change his policy until 30 years later in the 90s , when they were already accepted in pretty much every other part of the world . 
  he was not socially progressive at all . 
  his initial policies were embodiment of the macho culture , where women have little to no rights . 
  he personally persecuted gays , spoke for traditional family values , etc. 
  it is still felt in cuba , where women are citizens of second category , even when i visited with my girlfriend there was only one occasion when a cuban spoke directly to her , normally they totally ignored her . 
  even though i 'm rather socially conservative myself that struck me as offensive . 
  it helps not harbouring nuclear weapons of a rival superpower . 
  it also helps not being reliant on importing everything into your country , because you can not produce anything valuable , because socialism . 
  moreover , some of the embargos are actually internal , not external . 
  that includes things like importing cars or technology - it is that very ` popular ' government that denies people the opportunity to buy something of quality overseas . 
  finally , some of the cuban embargos were actually enacted during batista 's regime . 
  ironically , that was the final straw that led to his demise , as he could not resupply his troops . 
  not huge , 68 % gdp , pretty standard value for a western country . 
  at least they have some currency , unlike cuba , which 90 % relies on tourists to provide hard currency so they can actually buy stuff , as the glorious socialist economy hardly produces anything of value . 
  oh , and they also have food , drinking water , hot water , freedom of speech , freedom of press , do n't have 40 % of population in security forces , etc. 
  i actually have taken hundreds of pictures showing their misery . 
  here 's [ one ] ( http://imgur.com/a/d9xab ) , that 's the old town in havana , the historical centre of the city , that less than 100 years ago was called the most beautiful in the caribbean . 
  yes , these are gutters and yes the fluid flowing there is sewage . 
  and yes , most of people there did n't even have clothes or proper shoes and the [ meat ] ( https://imgur.com/a/a8rvn ) was sold non-refrigerated on these filthy streets in 40 centigrades . 
  and to think they could as prosperous as puerto rico ... 
  i visited cuba this year and have seen all the glorious developments of socialism . 
  by that i mean the filthy gutters on the streets of havana , dirty , malnourished people begging for any kind of foreign currency , extremely malnourished cattle and animals , lack of hot water , dozens of people living on 10 square meters , absolute lack of hope of change and the overwatch of security services even in little fisher villages . 
  it 's also extremely expensive , yet the natives obviously do n't get any share of the currency you spend there . 
  also , cars that are useless scrap in any civilised parts of the world cost upwards of $ 20,000 , with average monthly salary of $ 20 . 
  i also read their propaganda . 
  you ca n't make the shit they invented up , for instance they claimed in the revolution museum in havana that castro shot down an airplane during the bay of pigs invasion using a t-34 tank . 
  indeed . 
  i have returned from emigration to uk , just as a substantial part of my friends did . 
  freedom of speech and freedom of press are different things . 
  still , press in poland is entirely free . 
  the only recent time the state interfered the press was when the last po government ( y' know , the good european liberal guys under donald tusk ) raided wprost to stop publication of serious corruption scandal . 
  somehow , this has not gathered any real attention from the european elders , unlike current , much milder , events . 
  hmm wonder why was that ? 
  have you been to cuba to first-handedly see the results of this championship ?
