  legally speaking they were citizens of poland , who committed high treason , murdered state officials and conspired to partition poland . 
   beginning in 1937 , the polish government in volhynia initiated an active campaign to use religion as a tool for polonization and to forcibly convert the orthodox population to roman catholicism . 
  [ 32 ] over 190 orthodox churches were destroyed and 150 converted to roman catholic cathedrals . 
  i have heard about it , however the scale presented here seems over the top . 
  if it was true , then there would be no orthodox churches left in galicia and volhynia , which is obviously not true . 
  what is more , even in my homelands of lubelskie near the ukrainian border we have a multitide of orthodox and greek orthodox churches . 
  maybe this misconception arose by lack of differentiation betwen greek catholics and roman catholics , which are not the same . 
  also , something i just found out : `` according to yale historian timothy snyder , between 1928 and 1938 , volhynia was `` the site of one of eastern europe 's most ambitious policies of toleration '' . 
  [ 29 ] through supporting ukrainian culture , religious autonomy , and ukrainization of the orthodox church , pi\u0142sudski and his allies wanted to achieve ukrainian loyalty to the polish state and to minimize soviet influences in the borderline region . 
  this approach was gradually abandoned after pi\u0142sudski 's death in 1935 . '', 
  what is more , the league of nations never intervened , it even seems it condemned the nationalists . 
  `` a committee of the league of nations in its response to ukrainian-nationalists protest regarding the `` pacification '' action , while not approving the methods used , stated that it was the ukrainian extremists themselves who were to be blame [ 11 ] for consciously inviting this response by their sabotage activities and maintained that it was not governmental policy of persecution of the ukrainian people . '', 
   in response to an influx of polish colonists to volhynia in 1937 , ukrainian peasants refused to bring food to the towns and ukrainian workers went on strike in solidarity with the peasants . 
  this statement is not only false , but also purposefully laid down in order to incite racism . 
  first of all , galicia and volhynia are ethnic polish lands , for almost thousand years . 
  in the era of kievan rus ' these lands were inhabited by both poles and ruthenians , later on a gradual process of polonization took place on part of the ruthenians , while the other started calling themselves ukrainians at the end of 19th century . 
  only after ww2 the poles were forcefully relocated to the west . 
  secondly , there was no mass immigration to volhynia . 
  my polish ancestors have lived near lutsk and lviv for centuries , as far as i can tell . 
  it 's also pretty well-known fact that during austrian occupation lviv and the surrounding lands were considered the polish cultural capitol . 
   jeffrey burds of northeastern university believes that the buildup towards the ethnic cleansing of poles that erupted during the second world war in galicia and volhynia had its roots in this period . 
  that 's partially true , but more of a general thought line among ukrainian elites about apparent colonisation of ukraine and destruction of ukrainian identity by the commonwealth ( although it 's always specifically against poland ) . 
  which has little basis in history , mostly due to the fact that there was no such thing as ukrainian identity before likes of taras szewczenko and others in the 19th century . 
  i think there were a lot of controversial policies of the second polish republic , also concerning ethnic minorities . 
  however , this period must be viewed with vigilance and understanding , as a young polish nation that had only recently arisen after 123 years of slavery . 
  what is more , it had already defeated the communist attacks of the 20s , which were largely supported and romanticised in the lands with sizeable ukrainian minorities . 
  there were multitude of terrorist and separatists groups led by ukrainians , for instance the communist party of ukraine , which had in its ranks ozjasz szechter , the father of one of the most prominent modern polish news tycoon , adam michnik . 
  i 've visited lviv and surrounding lands few weeks ago and they are really visible everywhere . 
  from what i got from the local taxi drivers they are pretty relentless in giving tickets , even for the big fish . 
  nice change , hope it 's the first of many , good luck neighbours !, 
  it 's astonishing that people think after the coup suddenly all the differences between ukrainian people disappeared . 
  half of the country does n't even speak ukrainian ( whole east ) , half of these are ethnically russian ( due to soviet relocation programs in the east ukraine ) , and half of these think they are actual russians too ( the rebels ) . 
  not to mention all the founding pillars of ukrainian national identity , which are shaky at best . 
  to be honest , upa was n't that much antisemite too . 
  i mean , they massacred them readily , for instance in lw\u00f3w , however i believe their main ideological enemy were soviets and poles , with jews just being a part of the nationalistic zeitgeist . 
  i 'm polish , so obviously biased . 
  bandera was the leader of upa , a nationalist movement within ukraine that wanted to establish independent ukraine , mainly from lands taken from poland , partly from soviet russia too . 
  in order to succeed , upa ordered a genocide of polish people on the lands they considered ukrainian , so that they could claim ethnic majority after the war ended . 
  this resulted in about 100 000 polish deaths , vast majority being old people and children . 
  the bestiality of the upa troops is unrivalled even by the nazis and soviets . 
  local polish militias also took part in retaliatory strikes against local ukrainian population , which overwhelmingly supported upa and from which upa recruits were taken , resulting in about 10 000 ukrainian deaths . 
  it is unclear how involved bandera was in this . 
  on one hand , he spend most of the time of the purges in german prison . 
  on the other hand , he was the spiritual and ideological leader of upa , so it 's probable such ideas were not spontaneous reaction of his successor . 
  what is more , in my opinion it does n't matter if he signed any document , because he created the whole ideology that viewed poles as inferior and required sacrifice in order to create an independent ukrainian state . 
  upa is now one of the few founding myths of ukraine , so it 's obviously romanticised , it 's military prowess greatly exaggerated and its atrocities whitewashed . 
  i do n't doubt their involvement in fights for independent ukraine , but their actions are very machiavellian , if not outright atrocious . 
   of course i 'm talking about informal relationships , because formal relationships have been largely illegal since the past decade . 
  and yes , they are a better base than nothing , an in addition research has found that the status of formal official relationship increases the family well being . 
  you : we already have a ton of valid data on the subject me : the data is not valid , because the relationships were informal you : of course they were informal !, 
  this is not relevant !, 
  the data is useless and you just admitted that . 
   and again that 's almost 15 year old . 
  so you are invalidating study because it 's merely 15 years old ? 
  without any kind of refute to their findings about statisticals errors that are common in psychology and have not been addressed even in the latest research ? 
  the new studies that support your viewpoint also suffer from the exact same problems , such as small population size ( which , as i said , is deemed unacceptable for any hard sciences ) and these concerns are just swept under the rug by the researchers . 
  you try to redirect the discussion on my scientific ineptitude and resort to argument from authority . 
  what 's even more funny , that you still did n't even read the article . 
  `` michael j. rosenfeld , associate professor of sociology at stanford university , wrote in a 2010 study published in demography that '' [ a ] critique of the literature -- that the sample sizes of the studies are too small to allow for statistically powerful tests -- continues to be relevant . '', 
  rosenfeld 's study , `` the first to use large-sample nationally representative data , '' found that children of same-sex couples demonstrated normal outcomes in school . 
  `` the core finding here , '' reports the study , '' offers a measure of validation for the prior , and much-debated , small-sample studies . '' '', 
  this part , a recent study , validates my claims that the small-size research is unscientific - on the other hand , it seems to be the only study that has acceptable cohort size and also points to the same outcome of same-sex parenting compared to normal marriages . 
  this is the kind of study i want to see and if it 's replicated then i 'll consider changing my view . 
   well , apparently people with scientific backround tell me this : i 'm sorry , it was poorly worded . 
  i meant any person with hard science background . 
   that 's not what they said . 
  you are lying what they said . 
  am i ? 
  let 's rephrase then : relatively few studies have directly examined gay fathers , but those that exist find that gay men are similarly fit and able parents , as compared to heterosexual men . 
  - the sample size is very small , however we did n't find any non-conformist data points . 
  available empirical data do not provide a basis for assuming gay men are unsuited for parenthood . 
  - the data we have from the few small-size studies is uniform within the sex of parents . 
  if gay parents were inherently unfit , even small studies with convenience samples would readily detect it . 
  - if all gay parents would be literally hitler than we would probably see at least one instance of this in our study , since we did n't we assume all gay parents are angels . 
  please , such statements given by scientists are a rape on logic . 
   ah yes , of course it 's low-quality because it 's against your world view . 
  even worse science is claiming some random reddit message , such as yours , saying science is wrong would prove science is wrong . 
  i would take you more seriously if you would write a scientific peer reviewed paper on the problems of mentioned studies , and your findings would be replicated by other peer reviewed papers . 
  until that , all you do is rejecting science based on your arbitary `` it 's bad science ! '' . 
  if that conforms you i do n't really think of most psychological or sociological studies as scientific at all , besides the field of cognitive science . 
  the reason for that is i have background in cogsci and i have seen the difference between ` research ' in psychology and in cognitive science . 
  the scientific method is an alien concept to psychological researchers - all they care about is statistics , often without any meaning . 
   because same sex parenting has existed before . 
  homosexuality is n't a `` recent innovation '' , and there have been same sex parents for a few decades now . 
  have they ? 
  i have n't noticed the exact date gay marriage and adoption was legalized , but i 'm pretty sure it was n't in 1970s . 
  unless you are talking about informal relationships , which are a great base for solid research . 
   so you completely arbitarily decide some research is not valid because it is against your world view . 
  you just say `` it 's ridiculous '' and without any actual backing claim that there 's not enough evidence . 
  please , calm down . 
  i have n't arbitrarily assumed , i actually read the articles and quoted them . 
  if you read the article yourself you would n't be so adamant . 
  `` studies of lgbt parenting have sometimes suffered from small and/or non-random samples and inability to implement all possible controls , due to the small lgbt parenting population and to cultural and social obstacles to identifying as an lgbt parent . 
  a 1993 review published in the journal of divorce & remarriage identified fourteen studies addressing the effects of lgbt parenting on children . 
  the review concluded that all of the studies lacked external validity and that therefore : `` the conclusion that there are no significant differences in children reared by lesbian mothers versus heterosexual mothers is not supported by the published research data base . 
  '' [ 32 ] '' `` according to a 2001 review of 21 studies by stacey and biblarz published in american sociological review : '' [ r ] esearchers lack reliable data on the number and location of lesbigay parents with children in the general population , there are no studies of child development based on random , representative samples of such families . 
  most studies rely on small-scale , snowball and convenience samples drawn primarily from personal and community networks or agencies . 
  most research to date has been conducted on white lesbian mothers who are comparatively educated , mature , and reside in relatively progressive urban centers , most often in california or the northeastern states . 
  '' [ 33 ] '' check this out : `` relatively few studies have directly examined gay fathers , but those that exist find that gay men are similarly fit and able parents , as compared to heterosexual men . 
  available empirical data do not provide a basis for assuming gay men are unsuited for parenthood .
