  to be aligned you need to be equals . 
  as others pointed out , krrit is a political body itself , so the change is cosmetic . 
  unless you really believe in krrit , then maybe you should read about the rywingate . 
  indeed , poland is the only army east of germany capable of any kind of resistance . 
  look at the baltic states , they have like 5 planes and 10 tanks in total . 
   even less popular opinion : how they are palling up the the usa and playing that relationship off their eu one is galling to me . 
  allowing the usa to place weapons within their borders endangers all of the eu . 
  they need to decide if they are with us or just want our money . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  so us bases in germany , italy or belgium are a threat to eu ? 
  i guess we should just power down all our military , exit nato and welcome putin anyway , right ? 
  really , how can people even find courage to write such bullshit and not be ashamed of themselves ? 
  you should check your sources before commenting . 
  bie\u0144kowska is the current eu commissioner , from the previous government 's po party , which is hardcore pro-eu . 
  how about bie\u0144kowska , our eu commisioner , prominent po member ? 
  `` for every euro spent in poland germans get 86 cents '' http://m.wprost.pl/ar/id,317666/mob.html on topic of laws , many - not paralyze , but they are a cost . 
  for instance , the stupid regulations of lightbulbs or vacuum cleaners , or the milk quotas , which cost millions . 
  there was quite a thorough comparison done in recent months that combined all costs and benefits , such as cost of additional bureaucracy , huge costs associated with obtaining the eu project money , import duties lost , etc. 
  in the end , the balance was still positive , but much less so and due to change to negative by 2020 at latest . 
  or maybe because tusk 's previous party , kld , was directly sponsored by cdu in the 90s and he has a long history of being subservient to german interests ? 
  they did n't restrict the courts power . 
  they changed the way they preside over important issues , so it requires a super-majority instead of a simple majority - which , for important constitutional matters , should have been like that anyway . 
  they kind of illegally changed some of the previously ( also kind of illegally ) chosen judges . 
  the reason for that was if they allowed the po ones , then 14 out of 15 judges in the court would be the ones appointed by po ( it 's same as supreme court in usa , where the judges are not really apolitical ) . 
  moreover , po changed the law some months before elections ( which they knew they would probably lose ) , so that the court could impeach the president , on top of blocking any legislation pis wanted to pass . 
  it was a proactive defensive move . 
  i guess the change of government actually increased our international standing , contrary to what po claimed would happen , 
  those who do n't vote , do n't count . 
  that 's the basic rule of democracy . 
  also , how come such accusations were never raised when po was taking over ? 
  they had similar popular support , yet nobody was crying wolf about ` minority dictatorship ' . 
  do you know how many poles left during po government ? 
  i can tell you the number is way higher , i was also among these emigrants . 
  very few are returning . 
  among my friends , i am the only one to be honest - and emigration was huge in my region , lublin , because we are one of the poorest parts of eu . 
  the only reason i returned is because i can work remotely in western companies , so even that does n't count . 
  the money partially flows back to poland , but this is not sustainable and is a huge brain drain issue anyway . 
  `` when the center-right civic platform party ran the polish government from 2007 to 2015 , it could do no wrong . '', 
  also , i 'm not sure what the author meant with these words , but from my perspective that only shows the eu media bias - if pro-eu ( or rather , pro-german ) party is in power , we do n't criticize anything ; once eu-sceptics takeover , we demonise them and criticize everything . 
  such a pathetic propaganda method . 
  btw , i guess you know 80 % of media in poland are german-owned ? 
  no true scotsman much ? 
  that 's what the french want you to believe !, 
  so you are saying you are an ignorant person , with no understanding of polish history or contemporary issues , that only jumps on hate wagon when your precious media tells you so ? 
  tells a lot about the average german . 
  to be honest , it tells me the same thing it did in the 30s - you are just as easily manipulated and as filled with hatred . 
  today 's eu commission actions also proves you are just as adamant on interfering with internal polish affairs . 
  for instance , the guardian ? 
  : `` the guardian has been noted for a number of other controversies . 
  on october 14 , 2009 , nazi-hunter efraim zuroff alleged that : `` the second world war narrative [ ... ] has been distorted since independence and the transition to democracy to make it more palatable to their electorate and to minimize the role of local collaborators in holocaust crimes . 
  '' [ 96 ] on october 20 , 2009 , the guardian 's jonathan freedland said : `` we are meant to be friendly towards the newest members of the european union . 
  but the truth is that several of these `` emerging democracies '' have reverted to a brand of ultra-nationalistic politics that would repel most voters in western europe . 
  it exists in poland '' . 
  in response to the above attacks timothy garton ash wrote in the same paper on 23 december : `` in my experience , the automatic equation of poland with catholicism , nationalism and antisemitism -- and thence a slide to guilt by association with the holocaust -- is still widespread . 
  this collective stereotyping does no justice to the historical record . 
  '' [ 97 ] '' or the times ? 
  : `` also in 2008 the polish ambassador sent an official protest to the press complaints commission about the times . 
  [ 106 ] on july 26 , 2008 , giles coren published a comment piece with the ethnic slur ` polack ' used to describe polish immigrants . 
  he accused poland of complicity in the six million jewish deaths of the holocaust , [ 107 ] [ 108 ] [ 109 ] prompting not only an official letter of complaint to the times , but also an early day motion in the uk parliament , followed by an editorial in the economist . 
  [ 110 ] [ 111 ] [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] the ambassador , tuge-erecinska , explained that the article was `` unsupported by any basic historic or geographic knowledge , '' and that `` the issue of polish-jewish relations has been unfairly and deeply falsified '' by coren 's `` aggressive remarks '' and `` contempt '' . 
  [ 106 ] [ 115 ] [ 116 ] coren reacted by telling the jewish chronicle : `` fuck the poles '' . 
  [ 117 ] [ 118 ] [ 119 ] the case has been referred to the european court of human rights . 
  [ 118 ] [ 120 ] the editor of the jewish chronicle , stephen pollard , commented on august 6 , 2009 : `` there are few things more despicable than anti-semitism , but here 's one of them : using a false charge of anti-semitism for political gain . 
  did i hit your nationalistic german nerve or something ? 
  i never said there is no antisemitism in poland now . 
  i was merely pointing on incorrect assumption that poland was very anti-semitic throughout its history and that led to the holocaust , etc. 
  i edited the post to add ` historic ' . 
  virtually every article on contemporary anti-semitism in poland starts with ` poland , the country with long history of anti-semitic agenda , where most of jews died in death camps ' , which is just revisionism and simply not true . 
  haha , made my day . 
  and if they find immigrants in the lorries , the drivers pay thousands of pounds out of their own pockets - of course , on top of all the damage immigrants do to their trucks and load . 
  at the same time drivers are not allowed to use force against them . 
  this is the european dream . 
  then you 'd have to put half of muslims in jail . 
  there was an article the other day about mass exodus of french jews to israel . 
  the french collaborated extensively with the germans , they even had quite a lot of ss volunteers . 
  so you are suggesting only ~ 5 % of jews in poland survived because poland collaborated with nazis , while french did n't ? 
  if that 's the case , your historical education is worthless and you need to read more books , because exactly the opposite was true . 
  `` the relations between poles and jews during world war ii present one of the sharpest paradoxes of the holocaust . 
  only 10 percent of the jews survived , less than in any other country ; and yet , poland accounts for the majority of rescuers with the title of ` righteous among the nations ' , i.e. 
  people who risked their lives to save jews . 
  the poles honored by yad vashem are a fraction of the true number of deserving individuals and : `` so far represent only the tip of the iceberg , '' according to paulsson . 
  [ 109 ] the nature of this paradox was debated by historians on both sides for more than fifty years often with preconceived notions and selective evidence . 
  [ 109 ] many jews , persecuted by the germans , received help from the poles ; help , ranging from major acts of heroism , to minor acts of kindness involving hundreds of thousands of helpers acting often anonymously . 
  this rescue effort occurred even though ( since october 1941 ) ethnic poles themselves were the subject to capital punishment at the hands of the nazis if found offering any kind of help to a person of jewish faith or origin ( poland was the only country in german-occupied europe in which such a death penalty was applied ) . 
  [ ... ] in total , some 30,000 poles were executed by the nazis for hiding them . 
  [ ... ] in his work on the jews of warsaw , gunnar s. paulsson has demonstrated that despite the much harsher conditions , polish citizens of warsaw managed to support and hide the same percentage of jews as did the citizens of cities in reportedly safer countries of western europe . '', 
  no such thing as polish death camps , stop the propaganda . 
  they were german death camps . 
  actually , a lot of them went to poland . 
  every time jews were expelled ( and they were expelled from virtually every country in central and western europe ) , they went to poland/commonwealth . 
  that 's why the jewish population there was so high - because everybody else hated and forcefully expelled them . 
  have that in mind next time you hear about historic polish anti-semitism in the western media . 
  edit : for downvoting ignorants `` for centuries , poland was home to the largest and most significant jewish community in the world . 
  poland was the centre of jewish culture thanks to a long period of statutory religious tolerance and social autonomy . 
  [ ... ] from the founding of the kingdom of poland in 1025 through to the early years of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth created in 1569 , poland was the most tolerant country in europe . 
  [ 5 ] known as paradisus iudaeorum ( latin for `` paradise for the jews '' ) , it became a shelter for persecuted and expelled european jewish communities and the home to the world 's largest jewish community of the time . 
  according to some sources , about three-quarters of all jews lived in poland by the middle of the 16th century . '', 
  in sweden anything right of marx is far-right extremism . 
  not really , before this clusterfuck the national agencies worked pretty well . 
  only when merkel & co. said eu must accept any number and started threatening sanctions against any critics they decided it 's better to appease merkel than to defend their borders .
