  you have n't provided a single scientific reason for meat being bad for health . 
  in fact , the ` facts ' you provided like meat making you fat are factually totally wrong . 
  gout is a genetic disease and is rare . 
  meat is essential for human life and is the best source of high-quality proteins , vitamins and fats . 
  there is no better and cheaper source of that , unless we take into account supplements , which are also manufactured from meat leftovers . 
  in fact , the leading evolutionary theory on human brain development is that cooked meat allowed for more nutrients to reach the brain with less work required . 
  people do n't get fat on eating meat . 
  in reality , eating a lot of meat is one of the best ways to lose fat . 
  people should start educating themselves on biological basis for nutrition and stop listening to the anti-science vegan crowd , who have no idea about basic biology . 
  i completely agree , the uk political scene at the moment is such a mess i 'm not sure they will be able to reach any coherent decision in the coming months . 
  ` there is no tolerance to intolerance ' is exactly what a leftist bigot would say - ie . 
  let 's protect the muslim community from any kind of criticism , even if valid , because it 's hate speech - but when you talk about these ` racist far-right nazis ' the bets are all off !, 
  you can insult them , you can incite hatred , you can punch them and harass their families - because they are literally nazis gassing jews , right ? 
  again , this echo-chamber , safe-zone kind of ` discussion ' is exactly why the elites are so out of touch with ordinary people . 
  they speak of high ideas , united world , humanity , equality and all the other french revolutionary bullshit , while turning blind eye to actual problems - and sure , they have their experts parrot everything they say , because who pays their salaries in the end ? 
  eventually , the first thing that is sacrificed is free speech . 
  the same one that is the building block of modern society and democracy . 
  but in the age where ` being insulted ' is a state of mind and the state actually prosecutes people for their facebook statuses it 's all just vague words and history . 
  shocking how the remain voters are so reliably arrogant and offensive , whilst possessing very little actual knowledge or experience . 
  neither economics nor political science is a hard science , there is no scientific method involved , and hence their analysis of past events , not to mention predictions of the future , are at least dubious . 
  check the literature on the great depression and see how many completely different explanations there still are almost 100 years after it happened . 
  moreover , since it 's not hard science and you can interpret the results however you desire , there is always a political bias in such studies - and if majority of economics institutions in eu are funded by the eu , then no wonder they will produce results in sync with these envisioned by the eu leaders . 
  although it 's true that majority claimed it would not be a net benefit - and i agree , in net monetary terms uk will probably lose . 
  however , apparently the issue of sovereignty and control of immigration is much more crucial to the voters than short economic downturn - as it should be , imho . 
  un 's resolutions are not binding , try again . 
  the rise of feminism and the demise of family unit is well-known and well-studied social effect , if you actually spend a minute looking up what you perceive as lies you might come off as more educated . 
  try it one time , it 's really cool to learn new stuff . 
  i wo n't even comment on multiculturalism , because even the german chancellor herself has already said that it is a failed dream that will never work . 
  of course , those in the ` liberal ' bubble will still believe whatever they want and stay in their safe zones , disregarding any kind of factual discussion on the topic , because ` it 's racist and xenophobic , we should open all borders and invite all the immigrants ! 111 ' . 
  a country can either be fully sovereign or not be sovereign at all . 
  if you have courts and officials that can rule above the british law ( like it did on migration/benefits some months ago ) , then by definition it is not sovereign . 
  it seems it is you who does n't even know the definition of rudimentary issues you are trying to argue . 
  also , you seem to miss the role of the european commision , which is the the only true decisive body of the eu . 
  sure , it is composed of commissars brought forward by nation states , but it is still unelected and holds supreme power over national governments , which is the root of most problems with eu . 
  again , you seem to argue that every single argument for leave is factually wrong and every single one for remain is the divine truth . 
  by admitting that , you just strengthen my claim about insufferable arrogance of the remain voters , who paint themselves as the absolute oracles , while not even knowing the definitions of the issues they argue ( vide sovereign ) . 
  as usual in commenting on poland here , you have little understanding of the issue and parrot the foreign leftist media shakal7 mentioned . 
  the public broadcasting system was not undermined , it 's executives were simply replaced . 
  as happens after every single election in poland since 1991 - every single one of them . 
  the case of judicial reform still has n't been solved , but it 's a constitutional problem that will need to be solved by consensus of all parties - which , for now , po and their socialist allies in eu effectively block . 
  also , pis is not far-right . 
  in fact , pis are socialists with slight nationalistic agenda . 
  not really , nobody is shocked , because such incidents happened from time to time since we joined eu . 
  nobody cares , because they are just infrequent incidents , nothing more . 
  al jazeera , as usual for a qatar-sponsored propaganda tube , tries to paint europe as a war zone . 
  do n't believe in their lies . 
  do n't take anything hubner says as real , she 's a hardcore former communist and now socialist , whose wet dream is a communist international ruling all over the globe . 
  404 , also it 's the guardian , not the best source for such claims . 
  to be honest , such things happened in the past as well , without any referendum , so unless it 's happening thousand times a day now , nothing has changed and it 's not a serious issue . 
  there is a difference between not liking the result of the vote and calling all who voted differently than you uneducated brats , who are racist , xenophobic and have no understanding of politics and economics - which is exactly what you and others are doing right now . 
  except most of the stuff you quoted is either already confirmed true or a rumour soon to be . 
  so next time you try to paint somebody as a racist lunatic you need to work on your understanding of the issues you write about - i know , commenting on issues you do n't really comprehend is so typical of those who like to call others racists and it 's rather hard when you get called up on that . 
  and that 's exactly the kind of patronizing you see everywhere . 
  he 's well-educated , he must 've voted remain . ', 
  ` he 's a blue-collar worker ? 
  that uneducated brat must 've voted leave ' . 
  the arrogance , especially coming from majority of people who have very rudimentary understanding of politics , economics and what eu really is , is simply astonishing . 
  i bet if you asked these hardcore remainers a few basic question on eu , such as who has legislative power , who is the head of eu , or how much money uk is paying in , majority of them would not be able to answer . 
  you claim that the leave voters do n't understand the issue - this is infantile reductionism at best . 
  i can say that remain voters do n't understand the issue , too , and it would be just as patronizing and insulting , as you calling the leave voters animals . 
  way to show your great understanding of the underlying issues and alienate the opposing view - which is exactly why you lost the referendum from your moral high-horses . 
  this seems to be a recurrent theme in recent european politics , the caviour left brags about how humane , tolerant and modern they are , until there is some opposition to their brave new world-esque ideas - to which they immediately throw unfounded and hurtful insults , such as racists , xenophobic , nationalist , etc. 
  who was told to go home ? 
  please provide sources , and by sources i do n't mean a random picture saying ` leave uk , get the polish vermin out ' ( which occasionally happened , while uk was still in eu - surprise , how could that be !, 
  it 's bizarre to me how this sub claims to be modern , democratic and inclusive , while denying a 50 million nation their right to vote on their sovereignty . 
  sure , it might fuck up eu 's economy and reduce job prospects for eastern europeans , but it 's still their prerogative to vote on these issues , and not a single external country can have a say in that . 
  demonising brits , because their decision might damage your precious german exports is a vile tactics sponsored by big business , which is supposedly reviled among the ` intelligent ' folks . 
  on the other hand , a large part ( maybe even a majority ) of ukrainians praise a genocidal mass murderer stepan bandera ( for some he 's the greatest hero of ukraine ) and his death squad , upa . 
  on the other hand , large part of russians still praise stalin and lenin ... 
  you are overreacting . 
  as i mentioned in the other thread , 99 % of people who wants to emigrate to uk do n't give a slightest fuck about the political situation , they do n't care about multiculturalism , they do n't care about open borders . 
  all they care about is better salary and long-term employment opportunities , coupled with a well-known language . 
  none of which is going to change in the near future . 
  also , if you think that as a senior software engineer you would be thrown out then you are either delusional or a very bad developer . 
  `` it 's not a superstate , because i say so '' `` your argument is invalid , because you are a pis pelican , because i say so '' `` majority is wrong , and i know i 'm right '' arguments are strong in this one . 
  are you a nowoczesna voter by any chance ? 
  i agree , these are problems faced in europe as well , especially in the uk ( a lot of major companies outsource helpdesks to india , because supposedly they speak english ) . 
  however , from my experiences and from what i heard from others , outsourcing to asia is never a good choice , as software engineering is not really something that can be advanced by high quantity of low quality programmers . 
  indeed . 
  i immigrated to uk 8 years ago and i would surely do it again now . 
  people looking to emigrate to uk do it for economic and language reasons , none of which will differ much after brexit . 
  brits here act like people do it , because uk is a eu-funded , liberal , multicultural paradise , but the truth is ordinary people do n't give a damn about these caviour left ideologies , they want a decent wage and good job prospects . 
  maybe , i 've worked in several european countries on-site , as well as remotely in us and i 've never experienced any kind of immigration complaints . 
  on the other hand , i work mostly with startups , with young people born in the internet era . 
  i would n't be surprised if there is such anti-immigration vibe amongst the older workers . 
  the it salaries in us are also among the highest so the problem may lie in shortage of specialists ( which actually happens worldwide in it ) , which hikes the prices up higher than the execs would like to pay . 
  this . 
  the whole discussion is so infantile and emotionally-charged there are rarely any sensible arguments . 
  the trade will stop - right , because both eu and uk desperately want to lose billions just to spite each other . 
  the professional immigration will stop - right , because uk will surely stop importing highly educated people , just like usa , with it 's draconic immigration policy , does n't . 
  the country will lose international signficance - right , because suddenly the fifth biggest economy in the world will suddenly collapse , along with their top-notch military , diplomatic involvement and especially the commonwealth of nations . 
  people need to start to think sensibly , with cool head , and drop the primary school-grade arguments . 
  it is the holy grail of employment and none of the normal rules apply to it . 
  very few people from it would complain about immigrants as well , as they are well-paid and well-treated , with long-term employment opportunities . 
  yeah , i know about it - they even have [ deep-fried butter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep-fried_butter ), 
  are you by chance a php one ? 
  you are perfect in your reductionism . 
  hint - nothing worth having comes easy . 
  you are wrong on so many levels . 
  professional athletes have perfect , healthy bmis not because they have a staff that keeps their body artificially malnourished , but because a perfect bmi allows for perfect health , performance and score .
