  the only reason sa exists as a country is that the wahhabist regime supply huge amount of money to the population , in forms of benefits and stipends . 
  they even increased the welfare in recent years to curb arab spring revolutionaries . 
  once they lose hard cash ( i.e. 
  when their vast amounts of currency reserves evaporate ) to pay the salaries to the enormous public sector , they might have several months tops before another revolution . 
  russia is indeed big and more diversified , however their economy is not really that big . 
  to be honest , the strongest part of russia is its people 's stupidity and blind loyalty - the more russia is hit economically , the more they will resent the west and support their neo-imperialism . 
  however , if russia also runs out of its foreign reserves it 's pretty much game over for their industries and banking sector , not to mention foreign investments . 
  you are right about venezuela - it is not collapsing , it has already collapsed though . 
  not any words , just publicly published lies . 
  if you went on streets saying poland had death camps you would not be prosecuted ( well , maybe by some street justice ) . 
  however , if you published an article saying poland was running death camps you will get sued for defamation of poland , and rightly so . 
  btw , portugal already has holocaust denial laws , so i 'm not really sure why you act surprised . 
  russian economy collapsing is n't exactly a secret , the war in ukraine is seen as a means to steer internal audience away from problems . 
  the russians benefited from high oil prices , this was key to putin 's success and measurable improvements in well-being of common russians . 
  however , since oil prices have dropped significantly russia has huge budget and currency deficits . 
  if oil prices continue at current level their economy will surely collapse in short-term - over 50 % of russian exports are based on fossil fuels , accounting for about ~ 20 % of gdp . 
  the only country with comparable levels of dependency on oil is saudi arabia - and they , too , are under imminent collapse . 
   it just so happens that germany 's and poland 's interests go directly against each other in this situation . 
  it will be interesting to see what eu decides on eventually . 
  that 's spot on and exactly a problem for poland since its inception - especially if german and russian interests align  btw , the current line connecting to germany goes through belarus and poland , not ukraine , so it 's a bit more secure . 
  to be honest , it was more of a banter about albanians and other converts being used by ottomans ( and , apparently , later by communists ) to colonize parts of balkans , which they now claim as their own , including kosovo . 
  alternative gas import sources improve stability , like the proposed pipeline from iran/syria/turkey , or the one from norway . 
  having another pipeline to russia will neither increase stability or decrease the price . 
  also , do consider the geopolitical game russia is playing . 
  they are 90 % reliant on their fossil fuel exports , if we increase it we will increase russia 's neo-imperial play . 
  however , if we decrease their exports they will and shall collapse . 
  i guess the actual trigger is that poland has recently criminalized the wording ` polish death camps ' , much to dismay of / r/europe , who jumped on the ` neo-fascist polish government ' bandwagon and said it 's against freedom of speech . 
  this , and other articles from german press , actually show such move is warranted and should be respected . 
  and to those saying it 's against freedom of speech - we , as many eu countries , already have criminalized denial of holocaust . 
  this is not much different , so if you have n't criticized jews for lobbying for that , you should n't criticize poland . 
   poland is paying significantly more than germany , no matter what . 
  yes , and if we have to buy gas from germans it will be even more expensive . 
   to be honest , you seriously missed the timing for reducing dependence on coal ... 
  it 's not easy to reduce your dependencies , if you have the biggest coal supplies in europe , have all the infrastructure based on coal plants , have thousand of unionised people working in the mines ( that is a really big problem , as these unions frequently blackmail the government with violent protests and are the main reason behind inefficiencies of the mines and the high cost of coal ) , as well as having most energy-aggressive country as your sole gas supplier and a bunch of foreign-funded ecoterrorists attacking any proposal different than ` put whole poland under solar panels ' ( yeah , i know they are , as most people , not aware it 's neither possible nor desirable ) . 
   omv is a principal member - austrian . 
  shell is dutch . 
  fair enough . 
  that 's still not majority , or even a large part , of eu countries . 
   if i am not mistaken , this only applies to pipelines on eu soil . 
  ns2 does n't go on any soil . 
  it is different with the pipelines distributing the gas afterwards , but these pipelines are not majority-owned by gazprom . 
  ok , so they found a way to circumvent eu law . 
  in other words , germany , the biggest country in eu and a major legislature , found a way to go around the laws they introduced themselves . 
   there is no law against that . 
  there is not even an eu goal that says you have to build your pipes through ee . 
  no , there is n't . 
  however after hearing about ` european solidarity ' and ` common energy policy ' for over two years already , one might think it includes something more than ` take all the refugees we do n't want or we will sanction you ' . 
   tusk and numerous experts have confirmed that the port is not hindered by ns . 
  tusk is not an expert and he is almost as biased in this as gerhard shroder . 
  considering other experts , do you have any sources ? 
  because i know there is already court case in process and numerous polish experts univocally said the pipeline is incompatible with the expansion of the port , which also happens to be the only gasport in poland , destined to make us independent from russia ( what a surprise ! ) . 
   these are not legally binding laws however . 
  sorry if it sucks , but it just is n't . 
  it is a goal , nothing more . 
  that 's right , as are most eu directives . 
  does n't stop germans and eu commission from blackmailing poland over minor internal problems . 
  one could hope the commission could use its powers for actual defence of eu interests , instead of defence of pro-brussels parties in nationwide elections . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are running from daesh , assad as well as ` the rebels ' . 
  all sides of that conflict are indiscriminate in bombing civilians . 
  hell , last month there was a chemical strike ordered by ` the rebels ' that targeted pro-assed civilians . 
  are they ? 
  is greenpeace clear they are getting funding from russia ? 
  why was orban criticized so widely after imposing a legislation that required all ngos to state their funding ? 
  what were they afraid of ? 
   it should , instead , serve as a catalyst for the various eu nation states to impose really strict regulations in regards to political donations and funding . 
  the people must demand a stop of russian interference . 
  you are right . 
  remember the time hungary required all foreign-funded ngos to publicly state their funding ? 
  yeah , orban was called a fascist , a putin-ally , an anti-humanist and a bunch of other infantile insults . 
  truth is , a lot of ngos really are cancer of this world , whether they are funded by russia , us or israel . 
  look at greenpeace , the open society foundations or even amnesty international . 
  hungarian-style legislation is what is needed to keep them in check . 
  if they have to provide evidence of all their funding , suddenly their leverage is not that strong . 
  he wants to abolish national states and create a world government . 
  that 's pretty much the definition of a nasty globalist . 
  same shit in poland mate . 
  we had one reactor being built in the 90s , but russian propaganda and ecoterrorists stopped that , even though it was already in advanced stages and billions were spent on it . 
  we 've had another plan for a reactor few years ago that passed , however it also faced multitude of russian-funded trolls and ecoterrorists . 
  the decision has been made , yet the bureaucratic machine is still working - the board company supervising the construction has been operating for several years already , with huge costs ( several hundred million euro a year ) that are basically redistributed among politicians , who almost exclusively chair that organisation . 
  yet still in these 6 years or so they have n't even decided on the actual construction site ... we will have to import energy starting 2018 afair , with most probable source being the latest belarussian nuclear plant ... 
   many european countries support it . 
  the alliance building ns2 involves companies from multiple european countries . 
  care to list them ? 
  as far as i know the only principal members are germany and france . 
   there is no evidence of that . 
  you mean that building another pipe from the monopolist supplier , circumventing the whole ee ( and also disabling one of poland 's crucial port in \u015awinouj\u015bcie , due to shallow pipeline position ) is not against the plans for common energy policy , which calls for uniform , standardized and diversified supply of cheap gas for all eu members ? 
   because giving the eu commission a political objection to north stream 2 , and expecting it to act , makes the eu commission a political decision body capable of enforcing political decision on member states . 
  it already is one . 
   the v4 are terrified of this , `` muh soverenteh '' being what it is , so they 're trying to play political games with the commission without making the commission itself a political decider . 
  which is funny because they 're trying to control germany 's geopolitical strategy . 
  nope , nothing to do with the eurosceptic movement . 
  everything to do with geopolitical interests , stability of ee , instability of russia and russia-germany economic ties , which have been a threat to stability of the whole europe for at least the last 200 years . 
   oh yeah , definitely , i was not trying to say otherwise , of course poland is also concerned about their own transit money , but that 's quite understandable , any country would be concerned about that . 
  actually , the transit fees are not even a topic in poland , they are n't anything significant . 
  the main topic is russia 's geopolitical dominance and energetic blackmail , like they did with ukraine ( which also hit poland , but we had enough gas stores not be affected severely by it ) . 
  the eu background is also relevant . 
  poland has most of its energy from local coal . 
  eu wants to reduce coal burning and hence has imposed fees for co2 use , which are a direct threat to polish industry , as the energy prices will rise and reduce our competitiveness in eu . 
  one of way of combating this is use of gas turbines for power generations . 
  however , that would require increase in gas import from russia ( or our local shale gas reserves , though they wo n't be tapped into for at least a decade ) .
