  not much , and all of it is in china . 
  i agree with you though , unless there is a technological battery revolution electric cars are going to stay a curiosity . 
   they do n't have to care about price - they care about marketshare , and frankly , if they can slaughter the rest of the opec nation 's ability to even get product to market by killing everyone 's profits so that they can clamber back up over the bodies to be the dominant vendor when prices can rise again , they 'll do it . 
  there 's also another reason to this - according to some predictions the global oil usage will fail to deplete the entirety of saudi oil reserves before we move on to other energy sources - hence it might be better to sell all of it at a lower price , than only some of it . 
  norway also has the largest pension fund in the world , valued somewhere near $ 857.1 billion and holding one percent of global equity markets . 
  saudi arabia also has funds like these , albeit smaller . 
   14th century  you show map from 13th century better look at [ this one . 
  ] ( http://www.jewishgen.org/belarus/newsletter/myvitebskappendices_files/image002.jpg ), 
  well , the supply of credit would be much lower , hence the subprime bubble , if it even existed , would be much smaller . 
  moreover , i do n't think derivatives would have similar role in a gold based currency , because they also depend on cheap credit . 
  of course small supply of credit would probably hinder the economy in some other , major ways . 
  actually , most lands currently in latvia and estonia were lithuania back then - and it was the original , pre-ruthenian conquest part from 14th century . 
  so yeah , russification also included estonia and latvia . 
  communism and asian culture ? 
  just speculating . 
  singapore is also pretty much a fascist state ( and an awesome meritocracy ! ), 
  and conformism is highly ingrained . 
  you 're right , i was mistaken . 
  here 's the excerpt for the interested : `` the treaty of lisbon introduced an exit clause for members who wish to withdraw from the union . 
  under teu article 50 , a member state would notify the european council of its intention to secede from the union and a withdrawal agreement would be negotiated between the union and that state . 
  the treaties would cease to be applicable to that state from the date of the agreement or , failing that , within two years of the notification unless the state and the council both agree to extend this period . '', 
  there are reasons for and against each system . 
  i 'm merely proposing reevaluation of the goals we try to achieve versus what is happening , because i think they do n't really align . 
  it 's not hard to notice that some crisises we had could we avoided if we were using gold standard , such as the recent 2008 meltdown . 
  of course , there would be probably be a multitude of others . 
  ~ ~ sadly , there is no secession process , so best we can do is try to make eu kick us out ( that 's actually the tactics of korwin )  ~ ~, 
   euroscepticism  evil beg to differ , 
   well , they already set an end to freedom of press and independence of justice systems . 
  source on that ? 
  last time freedom of press was in danger in poland was when po 's last government sent secret service to steal wiretapping materials , which exposed the scale of corruption and ineptitude in the government . 
  did n't hear much about destruction of democracy back then ... 
  as my uncle , who is a high-ranking prosecutor in poland explained to me yesterday , it wo n't happen . 
  sidenote - i do n't claim all these people deserve tribunal ( just most of them ) , however it is a topic of conversation . 
  exactly . 
  if the refugees were the valueable asset all the western media shout about , then germany would never agree to let even a single one out . 
  the number of poles in your country is irrelevant , as you are part of eu and agreed to the free travel agreements . 
  there are no statistics , really . 
  from what i 've seen they are from all over the country , my mum has a new child from dniepropietrowsk ( she 's a teacher ) , while i know some older people from western ukraine . 
  not really . 
  this is really a case of neocolonial transfer of wealth . 
  firstly , our big companies were made redundant . 
  then the big western companies use our market for low labour costs , at the same time they pay no taxes in poland and all their profits go back to luxembourg . 
  in the end , poland is a cheap labour country , with no own industry , completely dependent on whims of multinational corporations - sounds pretty much like a banana republic to me . 
  of course , you might claim that without the eu market there would no sales at all . 
  i highly doubt that , considering the pace of growth of poland before joining eu and after . 
  the thing stopping polish companies from competing are eu regulations . 
  for instance , poland had one of the biggest dairy industry , which was severely crippled , because the western countries wanted to protect their own , inefficent markets . 
  so they created milk quotas , not unlike central planning in socialist economies , and heavily penalized farmers who produced ` too much ' . 
  also , out of every euro spent in poland , germany gets about 0.70 back in contracts . 
  people in this thread claim gold has no value , which is obviously a lie . 
  the first reason gold was used as money was because it was scarce , resilient , had high value density and was generally useful . 
  paper money , on the other hand , is none of these things . 
  the proponents of gold standard argue that this limits central bank 's and government 's ability to interfere with the monetary market . 
  for opponents , this is an advantage , because they are statists , who believe ` free markets can not exist without heavy regulation ' , an obvious fallacy , and the governments , not the people , should be the ones creating the monetary policies . 
  do n't forget that by printing dollars , us reduces the purchasing power of china-held dollars , effectively stealing their money ( which is a pretty smart move after all ) . 
  gold actually has intrinsic value , that 's the reason it was chosen as payment medium in the first place . 
  central bank currency , on the other hand , has absolutely no real value . 
  also , show me the huge speculation . 
  show me speculation higher , than the one on fx markets . 
  compared to speculation on fx market ( soros and gbp , anyone ? 
  ) , the price of gold is relatively stable . 
  thanks for ad hominem though , merry christmas !, 
  that 's my point , without gold standard the central bank and thus the government has ability to indefinetely inflate the money , while the gold is somehow stable . 
  i know some of people think that 's a good thing , but i do n't . 
  on the contrary , because it is physically limited the inflation ( or deflation ) depends only on the speed of mining and speculation is minimal ( compared to fx markets ) . 
  what else would you like to peg your currency to ? 
  yea that 's not a wise move . 
  they should go back to the gold standard , and still keep at least partial fractional reserve . 
  of course , as usual you take risk . 
  the money is real though , even if it 's invested . 
  unless you are a radical critic of fractional reserve banking and think banks are ponzi schemes as well , since they keep most of their assets in stock and bonds . 
  my point is ofe i 'd not inherently bad , most of western countries have ofe like pensions . 
  the law governing ofe , their profits , etc is what is wrong with our implementation of it . 
  you can not withdraw money from ofe at all , that 's the part of gov regulations . 
  does n't change the fact that the money physically exists , unlike zus . 
  same as with every bond , the government defaults and has to negotiate with its creditors . 
  even if that happened , ofe would still have approx 40 % of assets , before tusks work ofc , while zus would have none . 
  anyhow , your argument stems from low diversity of assets in ofe , not the inherent ponzity of it . 
  not really , polish people are largely indifferent/ignorant of romania , but yeah for some reason romanians = romas . 
  i have few romanian friends they are really great guys . 
  to be honest , even the least conspiracy oriented folks have noticed strange regularities between seemingly independent national and private media throughout the europe . 
  i kind of agree with your assessment of imf as basically exporting neocolonialism through neokeynesian economic measures and ` free trade ' . 
  however if you think public sector in ukraine , or for that point any post-communist country , is not bloated , then you have no idea . 
  also , as i already pointed out there is little to no middle class in ukraine already , and the purchasing power went down tenfold already . 
  there is no middle class in ukraine right now so thats not a concern . 
  i 'm also fairly critical of imfs proposals , but from an austrian perspective . 
  they should cut expenses and cut taxes to kickstart the economy and create a middle class . 
  on the other hand , these proposals are better than what is currently done , eg . 
  little . 
  for instance , ukraine has the best soil in the world , literally . 
  yet majority of rural lands are abandoned , apparently because it 's impossible to buy land from the state ( which does n't do anything with it ), 
  i 'll give a different , more important example - after kwasniewski won election by lieing about his master 's degree , the court ruled that it did n't matter or change the outcome of elections . 
  of course it did , becuase the whole sld campaign was based on ` choose educated candidate that knows a lot of foreign languages ' . 
  this way tk legalized an invalid election , often called a coup . 
  the marriage thing is trivial , there are many more important ways pis screwed up . 
  considering the economics , well we did quite well during the crisis mostly because tusk nationalised ofe , which allowed him to keep under 60 % limit , which would mean early elections . 
  after 8 years of po rule our economy is in very bad state , the public debt is two times as high . 
  pis would probably fuck it up too , since they are full of keynesians as well - but saying our economy is in good shape cos of po is quite a lie , 
  ofe is a ponzi scheme just like normal saving accounts are - so not at all . 
  it held real cash , real assets on real accounts .
