  the reason football players have 10 % body fat is not to look good , but to allow them maximum stamina , while keeping their acceleration intact . 
  anybody can achieve and sustain a perfect bmi score with no supervision and modest amount of exercise . 
  it just requires stubbornness and motivation , which is exactly why it 's demonised by the weak and unmotivated , who try to portray their faults as a normal and common occurrence . 
  does n't change the fact that uk has one of the highest hardcore obesity rates in europe - and in scotland it 's unbelievable , i 've never seen people that fat anywhere in the world , they truly have to make a conscious effort to stay that extremely fat . 
  of course , you are wrong . 
  nobody is born fat and nobody ( unless having some serious disease , like thyroid problems ) stays fat when they eat healthy and exercise . 
  we already spend a lot of money on ads against smoking , while obesity is surely much more taxing for the whole system . 
  why ca n't people grow a pair and admit that their fat asses are the result of their own inability to control themselves , not some outside , uncontrollable , magical influence ? 
  calories in , calories out , the first law of thermodynamics . 
  i guess you are speaking for muslim perspective , but the things you say about paul and jesus are completely wrong . 
  jesus did n't prostrate and he himself said it 's okay to forfeit jewish diet : mathew 15:11 : `` jesus called the crowd to him and said , `` listen and understand . 
  a man is not defiled by what enters his mouth , but '' by what comes out of it . 
  then the disciples came to him and said , `` are you aware that the pharisees were offended when they heard this ? '' '' also , mathew 9:14 : `` then the disciples of john came to him , saying , `` why do we and the pharisees fast , [ c ] but your disciples do not fast ? '' and jesus said to them , `` can the wedding guests mourn as long as the bridegroom is with them ? 
  the days will come when the bridegroom is taken away from them , and then they will fast . 
  no one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , for the patch tears away from the garment , and a worse tear is made . 
  neither is new wine put into old wineskins . 
  if it is , the skins burst and the wine is spilled and the skins are destroyed . 
  but new wine is put into fresh wineskins , and so both are preserved . '' '' also , your words about paul are only relevant to the catholic church . 
  the protestant churches generally do n't think of paul as the vicar of god , as this translation ( ` you are peter the rock ... ' ) is wrong on so many levels . 
  sorry , but your whole post reeks of muslim revisionist . 
  the sources in bible are much more credible than the ones in quran , which has been proven numerously to steal and adapt ideas from judaism and christianity . 
  and the thing about changing the word of god - jesus was pretty clear that there will be no more prophets and anybody , who changes the word of god will be punished as an ultimate sinner . 
  guess muhammed skipped that part , whilst stealing the others . 
  you 're right , however a lot of countries see these as a pathway to illegal stay - for instance , usa 's visa policy . 
  the problem with waste has been overblown by media and is hardly a problem at all . 
  if you compare the scale of contamination caused by coal or rare earth metals mining ( which are rudimental for most ` renewable sources ' ) and other standard industrial practices , the nuclear is orders of magnitude safer . 
  sun is not a renewable source either . 
  the whole definition of renewable energy is unscientific and political . 
  most of earth 's energy comes from sun , which has a limited amount of nuclear fusion energy . 
  the fission materials we use are a product of stars exploding in supernovae and other , smaller stars fusing nuclei in their late life period - all of which happen constantly . 
  in the end , there is no such thing as renewable energy . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  it 's no wonder france wants to limit immigration from a civil war-thorn country , that can barely secure its own borders and citizens . 
  on the other hand , why wo n't ukrainians apply for a shengen visa in poland ? 
  we are giving these out like candies with little supervision , should be enough for them . 
  wow , did n't realise the 77 are a significant part of the total workforce . 
  that 's bad news , since if they get sentenced the shortages for cancer patients will be huge . 
  30 % cut on overpriced medical supplies seems like a huuuuuuge amount of money . 
  throughout his rule he dramatically increased taxes , increased spending , increased government employment , massively increased the debt , increased the retirement age . 
  none of that is a right-wing , conservative liberal agenda . 
  he might be weak on the social part , but he 's still an economic leftist . 
  he was never a true conservative liberal , he only acted like he was . 
  all actions by his government can be classified as pro-eu social democracy . 
  i could entertain myself with straightening up your incoherent stream of lies , but instead i will bask myself in your glorious butthurt , 
  and your knowledge of poland , and frankly the world indeed , comes from where exactly - the daily mail ? 
  to quote a classic `` only cow does n't change its views '' , 
  these are my thoughts as well , since tusk left poland i began agreeing with him more and more - and recently he seems like the lone sensible guy in the eu establishment . 
  last time i heard it was 120 thousand , but that 's just for 2015 refugees . 
  anyhow , whatever arbitrary number they choose does n't matter as even one illegal immigrant forced is a treat to our sovereignty and against eu values . 
  i do n't care what karol wojty\u0142a would say , not in the slightest , i 'm not even a catholic . 
  very adult of you to bring it up as well , but what do can i expect from a person who does n't understand what a country or a nation is . 
  i 'm not really outraged , i was only mildly annoyed when a previous motion like that passed when i was still a student there ( it cost a lot of money to change these toilets , and back then there were 2 transgender students in total ) . 
  while there might be more important things , i 'm not sure why you 'd like to censor a civil conversation we used to have on the topic before the `` humanitarians '' jumped in with their post-modern wisdom and primary school-grade insults . 
  eh , did any of you really read the thread and the actual article from eusa i linked to ? 
  `` what is the background to this ? 
  that there are students within and outside of the lgbt + community who prefer to use gender neutral toilets and changing rooms or for whom gendered toilets are inappropriate because they do not identify with either male or female . 
  that in the majority of eusa and university buildings there are few to no gender neutral facilities for students to use . 
  that eusa is bringing a motion to nus scotland lgbt conference 2015 calling for the provision of gender neutral toilets in all universities . 
  the edinburgh university trans equality policy states : `` ideally there should be access to gender neutral toilet facilities wherever this can be reasonably accommodated ... requiring the person to use disabled toilet facilities is not acceptable unless the individual is disabled . '' [ 1 ] '' https://www.eusa.ed.ac.uk/eusapolicy/welfare/genderneutral/, 
  keep coming up with the insults , they really add value to your points , soon you will be completely undeniable . 
  great banter mate , not only i 'm an idiot , i also hate homosexuals , in the next two posts i 'll probably come out as a hitler reincarnate too , am i right ? 
  always a pleasure to talk with such mindful intellectuals as yourself . 
  all toilets used to be gender-specific and after this particular policy was voted in directly by the lbgt organisation ( along with a media campaign ) two-thirds of toilets are gender neutral now . 
  this was n't some kind of egalitarian exercise , rather an ideological push by an extreme radical left minority - where young , naive and uneducated university students are the typical target . 
  apparently , some people do care about agendas being pushed in disguise of ` humanitarianism ' - and your immediate insult just proves they are right about it and how infantile some of the ` humanitarian ' folks are . 
  https://www.eusa.ed.ac.uk/eusapolicy/welfare/genderneutral/ http://thetab.com/uk/edinburgh/2016/01/27/eusa-introduces-gender-neutral-toilets-20865, 
  nope , at the university of edinburgh there already are ` gender-neutral ' bathrooms , which were brought in by the lbgt community . 
  `` what is the background to this ? 
  that there are students within and outside of the lgbt + community who prefer to use gender neutral toilets and changing rooms or for whom gendered toilets are inappropriate because they do not identify with either male or female . 
  that in the majority of eusa and university buildings there are few to no gender neutral facilities for students to use . 
  that eusa is bringing a motion to nus scotland lgbt conference 2015 calling for the provision of gender neutral toilets in all universities . 
  the edinburgh university trans equality policy states : `` ideally there should be access to gender neutral toilet facilities wherever this can be reasonably accommodated ... requiring the person to use disabled toilet facilities is not acceptable unless the individual is disabled . '' source : https://www.eusa.ed.ac.uk/eusapolicy/welfare/genderneutral/, 
  if you think drastically changing demographics of one of the most homogenous and religious nation in europe by forceful injection of uneducated , non-polish speaking muslim migrants , who will never meaningfully contribute to the economy or society and will always be a fiscal burden , is not a real issue then you really are as juvenile and naive as your posts suggest . 
  what really undermines eu is the fascist tendencies of the council , eurocrats and merkel , who want it to be a superstate controlling everything , against all current laws and treaties , as migration crisis or greek debt problem has shown , disregarding the citizens , while sipping champagne in their high towers in brussels . 
  or they did n't try to invade poland 20 years before . 
  or they did n't fund communists trying to break down second republic too . 
  or they did n't rape and murder thousands of people on their ` liberation front ' . 
  my grandmother lived through germans , russians and ukrainians - she definitely valued germans over russians , because the latter were barbaric savages , while germans sometimes showed honour and even humanity . 
  the ukrainians were beasts , who decapitated babies and disemboweled pregnant women , so they obviously lead the classification ... 
  i agree , their actions as government , their elections plans and what they preach now are all from different landscapes . 
  you are wrong . 
  a populist strategy , like the name suggests , refers to the will of population . 
  the vast majority of population in poland will never agree on any kind of imposed immigration - in this part , pis is actually representative of the polish nation , while the opposition parties are directly against the will of the people - and that 's part of why they lost the elections so spectacularly . 
  if only poland could do the same without constant blackmail from the eu ... , 
  po is not liberal conservative , it 's a social-democracy party , which was clearly repeated by tusk many times ( https://www.wprost.pl/415604/tusk-nazwal-sie-socjaldemokrata-slusznie ) , as well as looking at the results of their rule ( increase in spending , increase in debt , increase in number of clerks , more welfare , higher taxes , etc. ) . 
  other than that , very good write down . 
  and uw is full of cultural relativists . 
  in general , polish universities are of low quality and only some scientific/engineering schools are really worth it . 
   i explicitly chose my example to filter those out . 
  as you can see , starting capital determines the outcome to a very , very large extent . 
  you ca n't blame all difference in outcome on `` chaos theory '' or whatever scientific sounding term . 
  where did you filter these out ? 
  you specifically stated initial wealth . 
  moreover , there is no filtering out , human life is not an isolated experiment , you need to account for all the variables . 
  however , since you are clearly at odds with the scientific method you might not realise how naive and easily debunked your thinking is . 
   it 's funny how libertarians are all interchangeable in repeating the same straw men . 
  how do you know i a libertarian ? 
  where is the strawman in referring to the unchangeable principles of mathematics when dealing with numbers - as opposed to your semi-coherent ideological manifest with no basis in reality ? 
   no , what i want is giving everyone the same position at the start . 
  then , if they end up with a different outcome , we can indeed conclude that it 's indeed due to either their own merit , which is just , or due to coincidence , which we ca n't control anyway .
