  a portal created by tomasz lis , the most vitrolic pro-po , and recently pro-nowoczesna , journalist in poland , and consisting of such credible editors as kwa\u015bniewski ( communist ) , palikot ( ex-po , now hippie communist ) , niesio\u0142owski ( po ) or rostowski ( po ) . 
  but i guess you already knew that and just wanted to troll . 
  yes , as pole i 'm a big fan . 
  / s really , you need to step up your political insult game if you want to continue denying reality . 
  calling everybody you do n't agree with a ` nazi ' is so 2016 . 
  it did n't ? 
  9 months suspended sentence and 1200 euro fine for a german couple over creating an anti-immigrant facebook group . 
  http://www.merkur.de/lokales/dachau/vierkirchner-ehepaar-wegen-hetze-gegen-fluechtlinge-facebook-verurteilt-6548310.html german government pressing facebook to censor anti-immigrant posts . 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/germany-under-pressure-crack-down-anti-refugee-hate-speech-335268 german nationwide police raids on 60 ` suspected neo-nazis ' , however the details only mention a ` hate speech task force ' and ` anti-refugee views stemming from online radicalisation ' . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/germany-60-suspected-far-right-extremists-arrested-after-discovery-neo-nazi-facebook-network-1570491 10 homes raided over anti-immigrant remarks on social media . 
  http://www.morgenpost.de/berlin/article207389277/rechte-hass-posts-bei-facebook-gross-razzia-in-berlin.html and of course , the recent advancement in ` freedom of speech ' . 
  you mean it 's illegal to jail somebody who entered the country illegally , refuses to give his name and country of origin and/or gives false information - and on the other hand it 's perfectly fine to jail or fine a citizen who put some anti-immigrant remarks on fb ? 
  if that 's the case in germany then i 'm not even sorry for you . 
  opposition media , on the other hand , have already used it for another anti-polish smear campaign . 
  the title says - ` polish truck and double standards . 
  some people can not fathom polish involvement in the terror attack ' . 
  yes , the brave driver 's body is still warm and they use it as an attack on the anti-immigrant majority . 
  was n't the christmas tree tradition invented by german protestants in the 18th century ? 
  poland under pi\u0142sudzki was just freed from 123 years of exploitative partitioning and still managed to defeat the soviet union just few years after its recreation . 
  the problem is that there is no sensible plan to do that . 
  western governments have destroyed libya and supported jihadists that took kadaffi 's place , changing the most prosperous nation in africa into a failed state shithole ran by several ` governments ' , most including die-hard islamists . 
  until the west stops arming and supporting fundamentalists for political gain there can not be any financial support , it will just end up in al-quada 's pocket like it does now . 
  remind me who created fascism and what is its definition by the same guy . 
  they are legally allowed not to wear one . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the exact rationale behind this and why they do n't do it voluntarily , as they spent a lot of their life travelling - and hence at much higher risk of being in accident than ordinary people . 
  the worst part is unbuckled rear passengers can cause death of those in front of them . 
  my friend , who is a radical leftist , spent a year on erasmus in ostrava . 
  the horror stories about gypsies and their loathsome behaviour he shared were most disgusting . 
  it 's not a common trend , it 's just something hitler 's policies and democrats ' one share - which , in accord to your comparisons with trump , makes democrats literally hitler . 
  textbooks are often too vague and do n't consider all the issues . 
  specialist publications are much better suited to understand all the nuances and debunk common fallacies such as ` german people did n't know about extermination ' or ` wehrmacht was n't complicit in the holocaust ' . 
   so there are no other similarities than that worth mentioning ? 
  those are the only ones ... ? 
  yes , these are the noteworthy ones . 
  if i wanted to compare hitler 's policies i would definitely point to democrats ' desires to increase state interventionism , public health care , animal rights , ` green ' energy and many others . 
  but since i am reasonable i do n't make meaningless comparisons just to discredit my political opponents . 
  have you ever studied nazi germany at all ? 
  have you read books , and i do n't mean school textbooks , describing hitler 's rise to power , his policies , the zeitgeist and how virtually all germans bought it ? 
  your comments really suggest you got your historical education from huffington post tweets . 
  not really , seems pretty much the same to me . 
  you are the one spewing bullshit on trump 's plans without any factual source and claiming he is literally hitler , a stance most often taken by historically-uneducated millennials . 
  yes , once trump starts exterminating muslims , passes a nuremberg-style race laws and declares the need for american lebensraum , the comparison will be apt . 
  before that happens it 's just another reductio ad hitlerum bullshit , with the intent to discredit trump by mere association , that the mainstream likes so much . 
  a lie repeated a thousand times becomes the truth , does n't it ? 
  especially when the recipients are uneducated , spoiled brats with no understanding of what nazism is and how it came to be . 
   so when trump tries to boycott press outlets he dislikes , that 's hilarious . 
  also , do you mean like democrats boycotting fox news and breitbart , or obama refusing an interview at fox news ? 
   tries to suppress freedom of speech or otherwise engage in totalitarian tactics [ citation needed ]  if there is a factual basis for comparison , i do n't really see the issue . 
  indeed . 
  and since you have n't provided a single factual basis for comparison we can safely assume you 're a typical loud-mouth with zero knowledge of history and poor understanding of the world , who uses his ignorance and argumentum ad hitlerum as a political weapon . 
   at the end of the war german soldiers did n't believe that concentration camps were real , they thought they were western propaganda . 
  that 's a lie and typical ` clean wehrmacht ' revisionism . 
  everybody in germany knew about murdering of the disabled , the unwanted , the gypsies and the jews , because it happened on german soil before the war . 
   so what ? 
  why is the cell type so important to you ? 
  gametes are not separate organisms , while embryos are . 
   just because you 're mentally ill does n't mean you 're not conscious . 
  no , but in a large variety of mental illnesses the patient is not conscious in the way you suggested . 
   this is just bullshit . 
  a newborn absolutely is conscious . 
  of course not , do n't be silly . 
  there is a multitude of research on this topic . 
  do you remember being a newborn ? 
  can a 1 year old make any conscious decision ? 
  the biggest reason is the weakness of eu in terms of securing borders and cultural identity , as well as fifth-column of radical multiculturalism forced by the mainstream media and prominent ngos . 
  i find completely incomprehensible that his killer is already released and living a nice life , probably continuing his far-left crusade and becoming a hero of the local hipster scene . 
   why limit the protection to embryos and fetuses though ? 
  why not protect the egg ? 
  eggs are haploid gametes . 
   yeah , i would . 
  people with brain injury who can not live without life-support are routinely `` unplugged , '' which one might also consider as killing them . 
  yet still we do n't euthanize all the other mentally ill people . 
  also , why is n't post-natal abortion okay then ? 
  by any means a newborn is not concious at least until 2 years old . 
  it was n't an insult , it was a statement of the fact of your ignorance of basic biology . 
  you can not argue with somebody who does n't even understand the terms used and retorts with emotional arguments . 
  what constitutes a concious human is an entirely different argument . 
  do you consider newborns , people with mental disease or brain injury not human beings ? 
  because they do not have a concious existence , yet somehow killing them is considered infanticide and eugenics . 
  please do read a secondary school biology book between you try to regurgitate these fallacies over and over again . 
   maybe they should criminalize masturbation too . 
  here we see the typical pro-abortionists fallacy of equating sperm cells with embryos . 
  such ignorant statement can only be expressed by an individual severely lacking in scientific education , especially biology and the difference between haploid and diploid cells . 
   an embryo is not a human being . 
  the ignoramus strikes back !, 
  `` a human embryo is a discrete entity that has arisen from either : - the first mitotic division when fertilization of a human oocyte by a human sperm is complete or - any other process that initiates organized development of a biological entity with a human nuclear genome or altered human nuclear genome that has the potential to develop up to , or beyond , the stage at which the primitive streak appears , and has not yet reached 8 weeks of development since the first mitotic division . '', 
  [ source : human embryo : a biological definition ] ( http://humrep.oxfordjournals.org/content/22/4/905.full ), 
  definition of a species and its individuals by dna is a widely followed and accepted scientific consensus , it is not merely an opinion . 
  unlike lies such as ` fetus is not a human ' or ` it 's just a bunch of cells ( sic !, 
  your understanding of biology is insufferably poor . 
  sperm cells are not organisms , they are gametes of an individual male . 
  also , they are actually haploid - not like you would understand what a haploid cell is anyway , though . 
  that 's almost a valuable contribution . 
  do you have a rebuttal of my point ? 
  genetics define a human being , like a fetus . 
  also , keep your infantile insults for your kin . 
  i am also in favour of the current consensus , it 's not perfect , but with this division there wo n't be anything better . 
  it might be an argument if you forfeit the universal right to live and human rights in general . 
  my pro-life stance is entirely based on genetics , an objective science , and what constitutes a human being - unlike the emotional , subjective opinions of radicals on both sides . 
  i have n't mentioned morality at all .
