  i also read it because of the uproar , however i was gifted one of his other books , the elementary particles , some years ago by my brother . 
  i remember reading that book and also being quite taken aback by the vulgarity and brutality . 
  however , after reading soumission i started viewing it from a different angle - as a cynic piece of absolute disdain for the postmodern , decadent french ( and western in general ) society . 
  soumission is really like a well-planned , dystopian sequel . 
  you did n't get my sarcasm i guess . 
  it 's 100 % impossible for syrian refugees to arive in switzerland by car . 
  even if they could physically drive it in , firstly the eu would not allow it to enter and then even more strict swiss laws would n't allow it to even stand near swiss border . 
  if they had a car with explosives ' traces in it , these must 've come from switzerland or nearby . 
  in other words , seems like ` people here ' have a significantly higher probability of telling who is a bad guy than you have of telling who is n't . 
  of course there are few blasphemy conviction , because there are few blasphemy laws . 
  and thank god for that . 
  what happens is a different kind of censorship , first of all they say you are a racist , an islamophobe and several others newspeak words with doublespeak meaning . 
  then they simply take it down as hate speech , thanks to the brave new laws we recently imposed on ourselves in light of our inability to take any criticism without shouting `` im offended '' . 
  if you 're so sure about it , let us remember two things . 
  the first of which , an ad of `` christians of the east '' , a musical group singing for persecuted christians worldwide . 
  they had a concert in paris in april and wanted to have ads in the metro . 
  the public officials declined , as they deemed it could offend muslims abroad , who think they are righteous in their murder of christians ( sic ) . 
  at the same time the same metro stations had dozens of ads for various muslim organizations , some of which written in arabic !, 
  and secondly , after the charlie hebdo attacks , do you remember how many newspapers printed an uncensored version of the cartoon ? 
  i do n't remember a single one . 
  so yeah , so much for bravery and defence of free speech . 
  so they drove their car directly from syria to switzerland ? 
  yes , i know that . 
  it 's all true , however the main problem with communism is that it 's inherently a utopia . 
  the prerequisites for communism are already utopian , and it does end in a utopia , it 's just a nice dream . 
  just like total rational free-market , anarcho-capitalism style , is pretty much one as well . 
  i am , however , somehow sympathetic to anarcho-communism that was practiced for short time in ukraine in the 20s and in spain during the civil war . 
  from what i gathered they were voluntary communities , without ordinary state violence , and developed pretty well for the circumstances . 
  also , what might be true for ~ 30 million of muslims from arabian peninsula , is not really true for the the rest 1.6 billion . 
  ugh no , gypsies are a criminal plague wherever they go , do n't try to spin it with pc . 
  i 'm not sure why people are shitting over romania . 
  romania has made a great economical leap in recent years , their expansion is almost unprecedented . 
  the romanian people i 've met were all cool , warm and sincere , i bet most of posters here get their views from gypsy stereotypes , which have nothing to do with ethnic romanians . 
  it 's obvious that romania is worse off than the biggest and the richest economy in the world . 
  still does n't make it a place where life is cheap and everywhere is a favella . 
  actually romania is developing rapidly now , i think their economy is second only to poland in the central and eastern europe . 
  i heard they do suffer from brain drain from emmigration though . 
  it 's strange to me , i 've known quite a few romanian people at my uni in edinburgh , but they were all chill . 
  i guess it 's a different demographics than people coming there to work , but still on my cs course we had more romanians than poles , and they were all competent and motivated . 
  i also know another romanian programmer guy , who travels around the world and works with some great companies . 
  i guess it 's a selection bias . 
  i bet it 's mostly gypsies . 
  yea , it 's a hyperbole he uses that 's pretty damn stupid . 
  he 's not pro-russia and he does n't get any funding . 
  he finances his campaigns on his own , he is very rich by being a well-paid political commentary and by inheritance of a very rich estate from his late mother . 
  considering russia , he 's in favour of realpolitik and in his view poland should talk with putin . 
  that 's a very interesting theory , let 's call it the `` 2leftfoots conjecture '' . 
  i also agree that the term is widely used online , but ( almost ) never face to face . 
  maybe people are literally afraid of saying it , like with bloody mary ? 
   marxism i do n't think marxism is actually a political ideology , much more an imperfect socio-economic analysis framework . 
  not that it would have any integrity if it was an ideology anyway , obviously it needs thousands of corrections and interpretations to make it even virtually sound , and even then it ends with millions dead and economies shattered . 
  i know right , once you 'll be put in veil you probably wo n't have internet access anymore . 
  i 'm glad i do n't actually have to - i live in poland and the only muslims we have are assimilated tatars , unspoilt by the arabian petrodollars . 
  we like it this way so we 'll skip on all this immigration stuff , thanks . 
  get back to me when you start wearing a veil please . 
  i think they do that correctly in switzerland . 
  i 'm not sure on the specifics of the program , but it 's definitely an assimilation one . 
  i have a lot of friends living in switzerland , who come from different backgrounds , and surprisingly to me they do feel both of these identities . 
  have you read soumission by michel houellebecq ? 
  i read it recently and he portrays an interesting and worrying possibility . 
  i do n't have enough knowledge of french politics to tell if that could actually happen , what 's your take on this ? 
  it is . 
  look at how poland is portrayed now that the government is a little less of a eu 's pawn and wants to actually act independent . 
   it 's hard to have a serious conversation with an obvious racist . 
  it 's hard to have a conversation with an obvious illiterate ` progressive ' , who any call for arguments ends with ` not going to talk with an obvious racist ' . 
  [ you and your kind ] ( https://cdn2.cdnme.se/652941/7-3/fine___54679f3e2a6b2244a0753e8c.jpg ), 
  ah yeah , the good ol' ethereal communism fallacy . 
   there is no statute of limitations for genocide or any other crime against humanity . 
  while very ideological thing to say , it 's not true . 
  it 's all political . 
  for instance , poland defines [ soviet crimes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_crimes_ ( polish_legal_concept \\ ) ) as crimes against humanity that have no statue of limitation . 
  but sweden refuses to extradite the murderous judge [ stefan michnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_michnik ) , because in their opinion the statue of limitation has already ran out . 
  at the same time uk declines deportation of another murderous stalinist judge , [ helena woli\u0144ska ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helena_woli%c5%84ska-brus ) , whose story was actually portrayed positively in the critically aclaimed movie `` ida '' , because they think a ) she 's old ( no relevance ) b ) it was long time ago ( because poland was occupied by communists for 50 years ) c ) polish law is oppressive towards communist murders ( because communists need to answer for several million deaths and 50 years of oppression ) . 
  i wonder how life is in transnistria . 
  i have a moldovian friend , but he only told me that moldova is corrupt and pretty poor . 
  i guess transnistria is that x10 , plus governed by thugs . 
  the truth is ` populism ' is often used a derogatory term only when it is against somebody 's agenda , in this case the ` liberal left ' elites of western world . 
  in every other case it is called ` democracy ' , ` will of the people ' , etc. 
  as far as i have gathered the fn is : midly conservative in social matters ; etatist , protectionists and keynesian in economics ; slightly eurosceptic . 
  increased state control over economy actually has nothing to do with illiberalism , more with statism and socialism , of which a lot of governments are obviously guilty . 
  some of the ` far right-wing ' parties , such as ukip , are actually on the other side of spectrum and want to decrease state control and government size . 
  this is very uncommon and few parties in europe follow such policies . 
  so your argument is invalid . 
  you know , we could just abolish our borders and accept everybody . 
  i 'm sure when 4 billion people living below poverty line from around the world will come to europe the welfare of everybody will instanously rise to the top !, 
  oh go away with your reason and logic . 
  you have to vote for left-wing , because the benefit of your citizens is a very bad thing and actually a detriment of the world , do n't be so selfish , vote left wing and become citizen of europe/world/universe !, 
  great response . 
  to sum up : ` people used to die from all kinds of different shit , be grateful that in modern great world you will be blessed to die a noble death at hands of terrorists , not plebeyan deaths like disease or famine . 
  also , go vote for that leftist pro-immigration party because everything good is solely and unquestionably their doing , and every right wing party is actually backwards and will only bring destruction !, 
  moreover , the more cars running on lithium , the more of it is bound . 
  depending on world reserves and number of cars in future , this might be substantial . 
  ... in a hydroponic vertical farming facility . 
  i hope that becomes feasible soon , 
  you 're right , exchanging oil polution for coal polution is a small improvement . 
  that 's why we need modern nuclear power and research into fusion - that could make us pretty much energetically independent . 
  indeed , rapid manufacturing of batteries on such a scale will definitely lead to an environmental disaster . 
  it still can not compete on long distance and that is not going to change anytime soon . 
  the battery technology has been progressing real slow . 
  also , charging times .
