  newsflash : kaddafi was and still is regarded as demi-god by all people south of mediterrean sea . 
  he was pretty ruthless and has a hefty body count , but he was actually doing a lot of good for the region and pouring a lot of money . 
  interesting , i did n't know sweden also protects pedophiles . 
  they also refuse to extradite [ stefan michnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_michnik ) , a stalinist judge , who is wanted for communist crimes against humanity . 
  anti-semitism in poland only started to be a problem after partitions at the end of 18th society , as the invading countries of prussia , austria and especially russia had deeply anti-semitic policies already in place . 
  `` from the founding of the kingdom of poland in 1025 through to the early years of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth created in 1569 , poland was the most tolerant country in europe . 
  [ 5 ] known as paradisus iudaeorum ( latin for `` paradise for the jews '' ) , it became a shelter for persecuted and expelled european jewish communities and the home to the world 's largest jewish community of the time . 
  according to some sources , about three-quarters of all jews lived in poland by the middle of the 16th century . 
  with the weakening of the commonwealth and growing religious strife ( due to the protestant reformation and catholic counter-reformation ) , poland 's traditional tolerance [ 9 ] began to wane from the 17th century onward . 
  [ 10 ] after the partitions of poland in 1795 and the destruction of poland as a sovereign state , polish jews were subject to the laws of the partitioning powers , the increasingly antisemitic russian empire , [ 11 ] as well as austro-hungary and kingdom of prussia ( later a part of the german empire ) . 
  still , as poland regained independence in the aftermath of world war i , it was the center of the european jewish world with one of world 's largest jewish communities of over 3 million . 
  antisemitism was a growing problem throughout europe in those years , from both the political establishment and the general population . 
  [ 12 ] '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_poland, 
  `` the west german intelligence formed agency 114 ( german : dienststelle 114 ) within the gehlen organization ; headed by alfred benzinger ( a nazi abwehrpolizei ) , who in 1956 launched a coordinated action to move the blame away from the war criminals under various investigations . 
  benzinger adopted the loaded phrase `` polish death camps '' in the mid 1960s ( meant as a double entendre ) in order to suggest , contrarily to the facts , that poles , not germans , were responsible for the mass genocide during world war ii . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy  that does n't even make sense . 
  it is also a fact that a lot more jews got killed in poland than germans got killed in poland . 
  it 's like saying there are more unemployed in germany than in greece , that is a fact . 
  of course it does n't make sense , but that 's what 95 % of people uneducated in central european history will read in the headlines . 
  i am not quoting him directly , rather it 's a hyperbole of a common sentiment of blame-shifting , which was started back in the 50s by adenauer 's secret services . 
  nevertheless the real numbers ( although they are obvious to anyone familar with history - only in the september campaign germans lost 20k soldiers ) , this statement is loaded with an obvious innuendo - poles were more interested in killing jews , than fighting the germans ( interestingly , gross ' family is a great example of the contrary - his polish mother saved and fell in love with his jewish father , hiding him throughout the war ) . 
  sure , they were seldom persecuted , especially during natural disasters - that has been a tradition dating back to biblical times , to punish the jews for everything . 
  however , it was never structured or in any case favoured by the state . 
  well , you are wrong . 
  `` from the founding of the kingdom of poland in 1025 through to the early years of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth created in 1569 , poland was the most tolerant country in europe . 
  [ 5 ] known as paradisus iudaeorum ( latin for `` paradise for the jews '' ) , it became a shelter for persecuted and expelled european jewish communities and the home to the world 's largest jewish community of the time . 
  according to some sources , about three-quarters of all jews lived in poland by the middle of the 16th century . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] . '', 
  what ? 
  not really , i stated it had to be brought before being cultivated . 
  it 's easy to manipulate masses , especially in such illiterate times , and i 'm pretty sure if anything it was the peasantry that despised jews , not the gentry . 
  please do expand on blood libels , because i still do n't know your point . 
  you 're right , during the partitions ( 123 years ) the religious tolerance faded , due to ongoing anti-semitic effort from the invaders , mainly russians . 
  you are also right that many russian jews fled west in those times , as russia was particularly hostile back then . 
  yes , as others in this thread concentrate on proving what a mighty and famous professor gross is , not dealing with factual criticism , such as his ridiculous conclusions and unreliable sources . 
  indeed , quite a lot poles denounced jews , some even lynched them themselves . 
  if you are really a historian though , you must know that poland was unique in its treatment by germans in that any help - and i mean literally any - to the jews resulted in immediate execution of you and your entire family ? 
  this still did n't stop thousands of poles from helping them , risking lives of their whole families . 
  as a historian , you also probably know that the largest number of people praised by yad vashem are poles ? 
  finally , you do realize that in the worldwide scale of anti-semitism in the beginning of 20th century poland was actually pretty mild , for instance compared to usa , where the famous henry ford called for their removal ? 
  what do you mean by ` contrive blood libels ' ? 
  if you mean anti-semitism in polish lands in the 19th century , it was certainly a thing - however , it was brought and cultivated by the invaders prussians , austrians and especially russians . 
  of course you are wrong . 
  `` from the founding of the kingdom of poland in 1025 through to the early years of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth created in 1569 , poland was the most tolerant country in europe . 
  [ 5 ] known as paradisus iudaeorum ( latin for `` paradise for the jews '' ) , it became a shelter for persecuted and expelled european jewish communities and the home to the world 's largest jewish community of the time . 
  according to some sources , about three-quarters of all jews lived in poland by the middle of the 16th century . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] . '', 
  they are welcome to prove their rights in polish courts , nobody disputes that . 
  it 's the demand of unconditonal surrender of these properties combined with blackmail of denigrating poland internationally in case they refuse is what angers a lot of people . 
  let us not forget the words of israel singer , the leader of wjc : ` if poland does n't fulfill jewish demands it will be publicly attacked and demeaned internationally . ', 
  edit : downvotes for easy to prove facts ? 
  except a majority of his sources are unreliable spoken accounts , which are not corroborated by any other source . 
  one of his primary source is szmul wasersztejn , whose account was proven to be false and contradictory decades ago and once again in the recent ipn investigation . 
  that 's true , to be honest it 's relevant to discussion on most countries . 
  he 's not wrong though , the ' \u017bydokomuna ' term actually has a lot of credibility : `` during stalinism , the preferred soviet policy was to keep sensitive posts in the hands of non-poles . 
  as a result `` all or nearly all of the directors ( of the widely despised ministry of public security of poland ) were jewish '' as noted by polish journalist teresa tora\u0144ska among others . 
  [ 72 ] [ 73 ] a recent study by the polish institute of national remembrance showed that out of 450 people in director positions in the ministry between 1944 and 1954 , 167 ( 37.1 % ) were of jewish ethnicity , while jews made up only 1 % of the post-war polish population . 
  [ 31 ] while jews were overrepresented in various polish communist organizations , including the security apparatus , relative to their percentage of the general population , the vast majority of jews did not participate in the stalinist apparatus , and indeed most were not supportive of communism . 
  [ 47 ] krzysztof szwagrzyk has quoted jan t. gross , who argued that many jews who worked for the communist party cut their ties with their culture -- jewish , polish or russian -- and tried to represent the interests of international communism only , or at least that of the local communist government . 
  it 's not real antisemitism though , nobody really wants to punish jews . 
  if it was like that , then we 'd have dozens of attacks on one of the hundreds jewish tour buses monthly and we had none in decades . 
  it 's just a stupid way of insulting others and a theme for conspiracy . 
  continously , people on this sub commenting on polish issues paint themselves as morons . 
  you read few words from some low-level trash paper like guardian and you think you know everything about poland and its politicians . 
  there was no change to the constitution , it requires 2/3 of votes , which pis does n't have . 
  kwa\u015bniewski , leftist media quickly devouring his lies on jedwabne and the media shitshow that followed . 
  there is a difference between ` we did nothing wrong ' and ` poles killed more jews than germans and in general started ww2 ' . 
  itt : uneducated westerners , who do n't know history at all and their defence of gross is reduced to an appeal to authority . 
  most jewish families lived in poland , because it was the only country in europe that did n't actively persecute and exterminate them for centuries . 
  saying we failed to save them is a bit of stretch , though , do n't you think ? 
  a country invaded by two greatest powers in europe , and it 's our ` duty ' to save jews ? 
  why did n't you write that ` germans succeeded in exterminating most ' instead ? 
  if snyder supports gross ' unprofessional and blatantly untruthful thesis , then it 's good riddance i say . 
  i just read he 's also a member of the council on foreign relations , not surprised a lot , seems the new york banksters still want these jewish property reparations from poland , 
  as opposed to all other professors , who have never reached that conclusion in 70 years of ww2 research ? 
  it was a housing buble that crashed in early 2008 . 
  the supply of houses was huge , all funded with debt and then everything went to shit . 
  even now there 's still a lot of bank-owned properties waiting to be sold from that period . 
  it 's actually from latin ( de-from , fenestra-window ) , and is a great hussite tradition from prague , 
  how so ? 
  do you mean the inflation/unemployment duality , aka phillips curve ? 
  it 's good until it freezes the economy , but it 's not looking anything like that now . 
  it 's good news for everyone , since low petrol prices deflate other prices . 
  i watched a documentary on australian prostitutes - all of them are top 1 % earners , have short hours , medical checkup every week , can reject a customer any time , etc. 
  i cringed a bit at ` congratulations ' as a birthday wish . 
  that the events of '46 and later years were not fueled by real anti-semitism , rather an internal power struggle within the communist party and/or campaign against ak/nsz/etc . 
  of course , a lot of polish jews that were victims of repression had nothing to do with communists at all . 
  you should add that the ` polish armed forces ' in 1946 and afterwards were actually a soviet puppet state , which was mainly run by polish jews . 
  a lot of leading communists in poland up until 1968 were of jewish origin , often russian jewish . 
  `` during stalinism , the preferred soviet policy was to keep sensitive posts in the hands of non-poles . 
  as a result `` all or nearly all of the directors ( of the widely despised ministry of public security of poland ) were jewish '' as noted by polish journalist teresa tora\u0144ska among others . 
  [ 72 ] [ 73 ] a recent study by the polish institute of national remembrance showed that out of 450 people in director positions in the ministry between 1944 and 1954 , 167 ( 37.1 % ) were of jewish ethnicity , while jews made up only 1 % of the post-war polish population . 
  [ 31 ] while jews were overrepresented in various polish communist organizations , including the security apparatus , relative to their percentage of the general population , the vast majority of jews did not participate in the stalinist apparatus , and indeed most were not supportive of communism . 
  [ 47 ] krzysztof szwagrzyk has quoted jan t. gross , who argued that many jews who worked for the communist party cut their ties with their culture -- jewish , polish or russian -- and tried to represent the interests of international communism only , or at least that of the local communist government . 
  well , you can not take them seriously when in the very letter they write shit like this : `` removing the order would signal a threat to the freedom of scientific research and political rationing of the freedom of speech . 
  it would be a negative display of historical policy pursued by the current government and ridicule poland not only in our own eyes , but in the eyes of international opinion as well . '', 
  they ca n't attack from iraqi side , iraq has already said it will regard that as an invasion and has already placed its troops on the saudi border . 
  gross is a known holocaust revisionist and a media-loving liar , all his major works are full of contradictions and manipulated , unreliable accounts and are dismissed by reputable scholars . 
  he often presents anti-polish stance in his work and hence he is not worthy of this merit , he should not have been given it in the first place ( it 's another story ) . 
  this article is usual one-sided garbage from the guardian . 
  for instance , it mentions calls from ` intellectuals ' not to remove the order . 
  however , it fails to mention that the removal of the order has been called for for years by actual intellectuals , from virtually all political sides .
