  do n't forget russia already placed nuclear missiles on polish border near kaliningrad and they want to do so permanently in the future . 
  you can show weakness all you want , but appeasement does n't work . 
   you want to end the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ? 
  wow , some poles have really become helluva hawkish . 
  no , the nukes will be nato owned , just like they currently are , and similarly they could only be launched by nato . 
   because of your completely unfair attacks on france i ca n't help but have to mention that the big hope of poland-b , the us of a , still require visas from poles . 
  i 'm from poland-c and we do n't give a flying fuck about visas to usa . 
  or in a case where russia is at war with poland 's neighbour . 
  or when russia has short-range iskander nuclear missiles placed directly near polish border in kaliningrad , 
  i doubt there will be sources on these in english , as these are informal names of the scandals involved , i 'll edit my first post . 
   the only biased thing here is your brain . 
  how can you call this biased if it favored pis all the way !? 
  they went from 41 % to 33 % . 
  better go read some wpolityce or watch republika.tv if the real world is too hard on you . 
  what ? 
  you are getting incoherent , get the meds . 
  i said , based on facts and common knowledge , also corroborated by the very link you shared , that millward brown , an agency used almost exclusively by the liberal tvn , has been underestimating pis and continues to do so , with little change in the actual polls in relation to pis ' recent actions . 
   what sources ? 
  po ruled 8 years , pis ruled 2 years , both crumbled due to scandals , more or less . 
  what else do you want ? 
  list the scandals you said outnumbered po ones . 
  i expect a list at least as long as mine . 
   out of the ones you listed , the only scandals i would call major are hazardowa , amber gold and ta\u015bmowa . 
  the latter two majorly contributed to pos downfall . 
  i wo n't even comment on that , keep living in your fairy tale world . 
  what ? 
  please , provide some sources to your extremely wild claims . 
  here 's just a short list of major scandals of po : afera ta\u015bmowa - wiretapping scandal afera hazardowa - gambling scandal afera wyci\u0105gowa - ski lift scandal afera stadionowa - stadium scandal afera autostradowa - highway scandal afera stoczniowa - shipyard scandal afera ambergold afera elewarru afera z informatyzacj\u0105 msw - informatization of the interior ministry scandal afera z budow\u0105 gazoportu w \u015awinouj\u015bciu oraz dostawami gazu z kataru - gas port construction scandal and related problems with qatar gas contracts afera z budow\u0105 elektrowni atomowej ( od 5 lat trwa `` wybieranie '' jej lokalizacji , a kasa dla zarz\u0105d\u00f3w specjalnych sp\u00f3\u0142ek leci ) - scandals concerning building of nuclear plant , which was deemed as top priority , yet in 5 years there is n't even an agreement on the placement of the plant , while it has already cost hundreds of millions in salaries for management afera z op\u00f3\u017anieniem publikacji przez rz\u0105dowe centrum legislacji ustawy o rajach podatkowych - scandal involving new anti-tax haven law, 
  do you know what afera rywina was and how tvp was directly controlled by krrit , one of the driving forces in the scandal ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  po survived 8 years , with scandals every other month . 
  at the current point saying that pis voters changed their minds is a lie . 
  you are making a very weak point . 
  pis had 37 % in the recent elections and now they have 33 % in a poll traditionally biased against them , all within the margin of error , which also underestimated them in the elections by at least 5 pp . 
  supposedly we are to be the main hub of commercial transport of good from the new silk road throughout the eu . 
  we already have a pretty cool direct train connection , it 's supposed to be used even more efficiently , more endpoints , increase in trade , etc. 
  i know , i carry that weight every day . 
  more to add , there is a theory that word ` slav ' comes from ` slave ' , because people of slavic origin were often kidnapped by turks , mongols and other asian tribes that attacked europe throughout the ages . 
  istanbul was a major slave trade hub , with a large percentage of total trade in slavs . 
  ottoman jannisaries are also a known kidnapping tradition . 
  edit : seems like current understanding is the other way round - ` slave ' comes from ` slav ' . 
  the fact it was not the first story , and even secondary to some trivial political events in poland , shows the anti-pis bias of the news . 
  even western news covered the new silk road pretty extensively , it was featured on reddit as well . 
  you just showed a poll where pis has a nearly constant rate of ~ 34 % since august , way before the elections . 
  the only change is the swap of voters from po to nowoczesna , something everybody , including myself , predicted at least 6 months ago . 
  i 'm not sure about the broadcast , but the presidential visit to china was really downplayed and only had few seconds of prime time ( less than some silly news about nowoczesna ) . 
  for comparison , the chinese material was 7 minutes long . 
  the argument that the recordings were illegal is silly . 
  people had right to know of government corruption nevertheless what the crooks from po wanted to hide . 
  unless you are one of these that think what is good for the government is good for the people ( hint : a guy from italy ) . 
  it was a very big thing in poland for a long time and even osce raised concerns about , the government had to desist because of public outcry . 
  it is a perfectly valid comparison , if we are discussing actual threats to freedom of speech , based on things that happened , as opposed to things that may or may not happen . 
  gazeta wyborcza , the champions of free speech in poland , disabled all comments on any articles regarding migrants back in august or so . 
  inb4 ` it 's good , because it 's hate speech , we should ban people expressing any opinions that disagree with mainstream ! 111 ', 
  that depends , normally they just issue a bill on the supervising body , or the ministry , or like now , the public tv itself . 
  the bill completely changes the way everything functions , so all the old staff is fired ( most are immediately hired back , with new management ) . 
  also , it was the last po government that used secret service to raid an influential newspaper agency at midnight in order to intercept data on government corruption . 
  have n't heard much from european commission back then . 
  maybe because the tapes had some nice recordings of , among others , el\u017cbieta bie\u0144kowska , the current member of the commission ? 
  edit : thanks for downvotes , truth always hurts . 
   nope , never had a government had so much control over the media . 
  how old are you ? 
  do you remember sld rule , afera rywina , kwiatkowski , etc ? 
   many voters are changing their moods . 
  source needed . 
  i have several friends who voted for pis and all of them are very happy with actions of the government . 
  polls shows pretty much unwavering support as well . 
  do people really believe this ? 
  i mean , in polish media every polish commisioner is shown as pretty much our national bastion in the eu , guarding our specific interests . 
  do you think jean-claude juncker does n't represent the interests of all tax-evading companies he used to establish luxembourg as a financial powerhouse ? 
  the people downvoting you surely have n't watched ` wiadomo\u015bci ' at tvp 1 at all . 
  i 've been watching them daily for a long time and the bias is painfully obvious - just as it was when pis was last in power in 2005 , or even before that when sld was doing the same . 
  every party replaces media when they win the elections . 
  disclaimer : i have voted for po twice and have never voted for pis . 
  that was the direct cause , old coal plants that use water for cooling . 
  the indirect was that our system constantly operates on maximum output , with no failovers . 
   except we are n't talking of destruction . 
  from austrian point of view , that depends on consumers perception of value of helping refugees . 
  anyway , i agree with your general point that this would not be an economic disaster , at least at the current time . 
  it 's good that the discussion shifted from ` immigrants immensely help the economy ' to ` they are a mediocre burden on welfare systems ' . 
   there 's far more money in fossil fuels than in green energy . 
  that 's debatable , with lowering oil prices , etc. 
  - fossil fuels are a resource , that 's getting increasingly harder to obtain , with diminished monetary gain . 
  green energy is not a resource , so it can continue to expand pretty much indefinitely . 
  i am not arguing science though - i think it 's rather solid . 
  the human production of co2 contributed to global warming , which might lead to a runaway greenhouse effect - although it is debatable if this will happen soon , or rather part of bigger cycle . 
  i think the emphasis put by business and state legislators on this is unnatural , considering their usual ignorance of any kind of scientific predictions . 
  for instance , we all know the health risks of obesity , yet it is not faced in pretty much any way , besides occasional campaigns - and the much more successful lifestyle change trend . 
  we know about overfishing , endangered species , deforestation , especially in the equator - yet still little is done to preserve that and some alarmist predictions are as daunting as ones for global warming . 
  i still agree that we should combat the problem , however not in the zealous , self-righteous way we currently do that - especially when way over 50 % of co2 production is unregulated in countries like usa , china or india . 
  moreover , there are a lot of hidden costs in the production of ` green ' energy that rarely gets mentioned - such as extreme environmental polution required to mine rare earth metals . 
  these activities are primarily done in unregulated economies , which in the end means the total environmental damage might be higher than sticking to refurbished current technologies . 
  in the end , if the environmentalists were serious about combating co2 , they would promote nuclear power across the globe , not be vehemently against it . 
  that law has very rarely been used . 
  for instance , nergal , a death metal vocalist , is known to publicly destroy the bible and insult the church , etc. , but he was acquitted by the court . 
  i tried discussing with him , as others did , before the downvotes , but he did n't present any counter-arguments and his retorts basically ended with ` this does n't count , because i say so ' . 
  example :   the immigration of germans into bohemia ( czechia ) ended up being viewed by the czechs as german encroachment and colonisation . 
   ok , but are there any actual issues beside `` we do n't like germans here '' ? 
  i was banned from facebook for 24 hours today for posting ` op is faggot ' in polish , on a closed , private group . 
  funnily enough , the censored word for faggot , ` peda\u0142 ' , also means bike pedals , so the cyclist groups must be furious .
