  i 'm pretty sure poland 's score is affected by last year 's secret service raid on wprost headquarters , done by the previous government - the same guys that say the current government is undemocratic and totalitarian . 
  in general , the media can say whatever they want though . 
  it 's possible - i do n't deny that . 
  i know that a lot of people from poland going to uk can be troublesome as well . 
  that 's the point , the western powers wo n't stop until he 's gone . 
  they just ca n't fathom backing up from their incredibly stupid and short-sighted decisions . 
   hungary , poland and russia is where true press freedom is , apparently . 
  i would n't say it 's true press freedom , but compared to stuff i read from sweden , poland is definitely much better . 
  edit : for downvotes , fresh story http://www.thelocal.se/20160111/swedish-pupil-dies-in-hospital-after-stabbing no details , no mention that the guy killed was a 15 yo lithuanian , killed by a 14 yo syrian immigrant . 
  the syrians were harrassing girls at the school , swedes as usual did n't do shit , lithuanian guy stepped up . 
  syrian goes back to house , probably gets his fathers advice , takes a knife and stabs the other guy in the heart . 
  he wo n't be charged with anything , since he 's a minor and will probably continue living of swedish taxpayer for the rest of his life . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20151030/funeral-for-somali-boy-killed-in-sword-attack all kinds of details , his ethnicity , all the emotional bullshit about how he was fleeing the war-torn somalia , what a wonderful being he is and how should we celebrate his courage by inviting more of his kin to sweden . 
  no , they are the guys who volunteer for ss , nkvd and red guard . 
  mao , stalin and hitler were all idealists . 
  both worst and best thing comes out of blind faith in an ideology - but most often , it 's the former . 
  does n't he want to challenge china and bring production back to us though ? 
  thanks for that write-up . 
  i was not aware of the white lower class issues in the way you explained it . 
  it 's good that finally the pc culture is dying out , also on this sub , and we can hear these stories without any censorship or white guilt . 
  of course , i do n't claim this only refers to white people , or to lower class - but that particular demographics is severely demonized and ignored in all the media articles i read . 
  he is not alone , many people , who are in general pro-gmo , do n't think it should be established in europe - exactly for the reason adrianwerner mentioned , we do n't need it and the public is often against it . 
  half of median national income for australia is still around 1900 eur a month , more than median income of almost all eu countries . 
  the graph is misleading , it does n't show people living in poverty , but under half of median national income . 
  which for switzerland or korea is so high that even half of it is more than enough to live a decent life . 
  it 's funny to see all the progressives , who are n't even catholics themselves , cheer for the cancerous pope that undermines the 2000 year old dogmas . 
  on the other hand , the catholics are mostly pissed by his theological ineptitude and populistic policies . 
  i used to be a catholic myself , but i do n't like these man-made dogmas . 
  however , if you are part of the catholic church you are bound by them just as you are bound by ten commandments . 
  i do n't want to be this guy - but we ( eastern europe ) told you . 
  now the best thing you can do is to go protest , contact your politicians and get a gun . 
   its because more often than not , they simply do n't want to , its not you who failed them !, 
  thanks for that . 
  i think a lot of people need to realize that even with your best interest and hopes , some people do not want the help or will abuse it . 
  it just happens that people who live in that culture have this ` slyness ' ingrained in their very selfs , so it 's something absolutely natural and acceptable for them . 
   i mean they we do n't have exams around christmas do we . 
  except uk has those . 
   in the end it is easy to avoid ramadan and it does n't have a negative impact on everyone else why is it a bad idea to move the date to help those people who celebrate ramadan ? 
  why not move it because the pastafarian god of spaghetti requires young children to make pasta all day ? 
  also , how do you know it does n't have a negative impact ? 
   even now you can have your exam date moved for a religions reasons ( as well as medical ect ) however you have to stay at a teachers house until you take the exam . 
  which is judged on an individual basis , depending on special circumstances , such as illness , not some belief system . 
  these are not individual , special circumstances . 
  might be true , there are n't many black people in poland , and virtually none in the rural parts . 
  we still have [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson ) black fellow in the parliament , currently from the psl , which is a rural farmer-only party . 
   having an open policy to immigration is still fine & still long-term beneficial to the economy long-term . 
  [ citation needed ] or to be frank , it 's fucking bullshit , stop spreading these emotional lies that have no basis in reality and have been repeatedly refuted by actual research . 
  people like you are directly responsible for the whole crisis in the first place . 
  well , not a lot of people i know actually support centralised european government and identity . 
  to be honest , even here , with much pro-eu bias , most of people say it 's impossible to create an european identity , and hence have a chance at a stable , centralised eu state , at least at this point . 
  personally , i do n't think it will ever be possible . 
  there are separatist movements within most of major countries in europe and if they could n't solve their internal quarrels , with same culture/language , by now , then there 's no chance for a pan-european identity . 
  just look at catalunya , belgium , north italy or scotland . 
  jean claude junker , the guy who turned luxembourg from a shithole into a paradise in 20 years by inviting all tax-evading company to his country . 
  now he is the leader of eu , whose one of the biggest agendas for next years is reduction of tax evasion and capital erosion . 
  sounds legit . 
  not really , most of my friends in uk are skilled professionals , including myself . 
  as far as i know most of the countries that took euro in recent years are regretting it now , mostly because they lost ability to control inflation via fiscal policy . 
  there was an article from finland few days ago , where the pm was considering referendum on going back to national currency . 
  are you saying oettinger is another example of phenomenon of spontaneous emergence , where a person suddenly comes to existence without any history or political bias ? 
  you can join the euro zone and see your purchasing power plummet , 
  that 's a pretty standard tactics , emotional manipulation . 
  there was a study done on libertarians , which pointed out that among other political groups they are least affected by emotion . 
  wikipedia even puts that in ` critisms ' section , though for me it seems like a great selling point of libertarianism , especially in situations like this . 
  the scale is completely different though . 
  ee has open access to all work markets in eu , while arab immigration to us is severely controlled . 
  there is a historic viewpoint that enlightenment in islam ended with sack of baghdad in 13th century , where the mongols destroyed much of their cultural and scientific heritage . 
  apparently they never recovered . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  even if that 's true , there are other indicators of a modern economy . 
  such as producing advanced goods and providing services , not relying 95 % on natural resource exports ( inb4 russia , which is n't one ) . 
  they stole your bows ? 
  there is a tribal joke somewhere here , 
  and they would probably be right . 
  especially considering these scumbags are not even citizens of the country , hence their rights are minimal , if any . 
  the difference lies between you , personally , calling me a racist in a private environment and mass media publicly saying all people who oppose immigration are racists . 
  i do n't have problem with the former , but the latter is just a witch hunt . 
  who decides if they are racists though ? 
  i 'm not talking about some neo-nazi swastika-branded skinhead - instead , a relatively normal person as myself . 
  do you decide i 'm racist because of my reddit post ? 
  or maybe the state decides who 's racist , based on some bullshit legislation ? 
  or maybe i 'm automatically a racist if i do n't agree with any of the ideas of the radical reincarnation of the communist international that 's called ` progressive left ' today ? 
  there 's literally hundreds of papers supporting his claim : http://www.pewresearch.org/topics/muslims-and-islam/ i 'm not saying your muslim friends are untruthful - it 's probably a bias , for instance the better-off muslims you encounter do n't share the populist view of the common people . 
  in moments like this , i like to resort to a simple historical allegory : `` how ? 
  because not every nazi is the same . 
  imagine we treat all nazis like they are gun-toting ss idiots , who want to kill all jews . 
  or every german like a potential genocider . '', 
  i know the point you are making , and i used to agree with it - but i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  you can call anybody whatever you want . 
  it 's different when an organised effort is made by all major news stations to label a specific group of dissidents as something most universally despised , in this case nazis and racists . 
  my ex-gf is part of a big family agricultural business , also producing a lot of dem apples . 
  they successfully diverted their russian exports to other markets and continue to expand . 
  a lot of companies found new , niche markets as well and even improved their production . 
  no worries mate , takes a man to own up to his mistakes , cheers , 
  problem is our media were always biased and every political election only changes where the bias points to . 
  maybe . 
  however , back in the days of komorowski tvp had news on his every fucking step - for comparison his visit to japan , which did not carry any political weight , was dominating tv news for at least a week - and not because of the infamous chair scandal . 
  i 'm not talking about icbms , but short-range iskander missiles that are deployed near the border . 
  we do n't have any unresolved issue with russia , we do n't have minorities like estonia either . 
  we also have the most powerful army in the region and the one that should be invested in if nato and europe , especially the baltic states , want to stand a chance against any russian threat .
