  ps : does someone have erdogans number ? 
  i want to propose an anti-dutch-nazi-alliance ... 
  well this is how it should be . 
  i sure hope it \u00b4 s still the case . 
  it \u00b4 s funny because it \u00b4 s true ... 
  i \u00b4 m pretty sure i heard something about dutchies being nazis . 
  just saying . 
   you can message mine instead . 
  don \u00b4 t you think they will find it weird , if someone mails in broken english with a foreign e-mail-address ? 
  in all seriousness though . 
  this is a bad idea . 
  if your senator is one of those who is against it . 
  the senator will be getting a favorable spin on a silver plate . 
  especially with the current `` america-first '' ideology in your administration . 
  your president tells his followers that there is no `` win-win '' - situation for over a year now . 
  having foreigners mailing in favor of net-neutrality could hand them politicians what they need to enrage the `` maga '' - followers . 
  if foreigners want it , it has to be bad for the us ... 
   it is the border between real russia and stereotypical russian land of always winter . 
  the northern portion is mostly populated by polar bears , white walkers , and chukchis . 
  i \u00b4 m just imagining a typical russian weather-forecast : `` the long night is upon us . 
  please stay inside and don \u00b4 t feed ice-zombies . 
  if you see the nights-king remain calm and contact the local authorities . '', 
  i \u00b4 m a woman and karl may was my first literary love . 
  i discovered his books in my dad \u00b4 s library ( yes he didn \u00b4 t think of introducing them to me ... ) . 
  when i was in elementary school i absolutely loved them . 
  i devoured them . 
  girls learn quickly to identify with male characters in fiction . 
  it \u00b4 s the other way around that still seems to be problematic ... be a part of your daughters karl-may-journey ( if they are up for it ) . 
  i \u00b4 m sure it will be great . 
  you do realize , that it \u00b4 s never a good idea to give in to a bully ? 
  you think he will just shut up as soon as he gets his pound of flesh ? 
  no he \u00b4 ll want more . 
  and not just him . 
  every wannabe world power will try the same approach . 
  ( translation : upfront there was talk about a 400 billion investment into the us by japanese companies . 
  it \u00b4 s not clear how much of this number is new and how much stems from long-time strategies of the companies . ), 
  there was no way we would ( or should ) pay hundreds of billions just to make trump less angry . 
  but seeing another developed nation do just that was troubling to me . 
  now it all makes sense . 
  trump doesn \u00b4 t strike me as very reluctant though . 
  the way he talked about the eu and germany in particular all through his campaign trail and his inauguration doesn \u00b4 t seem very cooperative . 
  it might come down to how effective the checks and balances are and how much interest american corporations have in the european market ... 
  somewhat polished google-translation : in order to protect the g20 summit in hamburg , federal chancellor angela merkel , cdu , has sent her economic consultant and g20 chief trader lars-hendrik r\u00f6ller to washington . 
  there , the top officials will check whether the us is still ready to compromise the meeting of the heads of state and government next week in hamburg . 
  according to spiegel , the us government is not only blocking cooperation in climate policy and trade issues . 
  according to the report , the federal government has also indicated that the administration of president donald trump could cease cooperation in the fight against tax havens and tax dumping , as well as withdraw from the arrangements for better regulation and control of the financial markets . 
  ( read here the whole story in the new spiegel . ), 
  at the same time , according to spiegel , the us has triggered a new conflict about the export of american hormone-meat to europe . 
  so far , such supplies are prohibited for health reasons . 
  but now the us government is calling for europe to open its markets . 
  if brussels did not intervene , washington had threatened to impose punitive duties on more than 70 product groups or to increase it to more than one hundred percent . 
  the minister of economic affairs , brigitte zypries , has tightened the tone for months of disputes about cheap steel exports to the usa . 
  `` the eu will react appropriately if the us is introducing trade restrictions against german or european steel companies , '' she told spiegel . 
  there are `` many sets of responses that could be made '' . 
  if you could , try the german article . 
  it \u00b4 s more in depth . 
  and i \u00b4 m sorry , for my phrasing . 
  there aren \u00b4 t only bishops in the ethikrat . 
  i guess my comment could have been read this way . 
  there are also scientists in it for example . 
  but the council still voted against a lot of stuff because the bishops didn \u00b4 t wanted it . 
  ( stem-cell-research for example ... ) in my book that \u00b4 s a sign of deep-rooted conservatism . 
  perhaps you have a different opinion . 
  have a nice day . 
  that \u00b4 s right . 
  and this is what i meant with : conservative doesn \u00b4 t equal republican conservative . 
  quite a few german conservatives are in favor of gay marriage . 
  doesn \u00b4 t make them liberals over all . 
  it \u00b4 s literally a little push . 
  it probably comes from `` ansto\u00dfen '' ( to cheer ) and is kinda a cute form that \u00b4 s sometimes used by gays , or hip city-folks . 
  ( you have a diminutive in dutch too right ? 
  that \u00b4 s what it is ... ) edit : adding city-people, 
  well he probably has to wait on his standesamt-termin like the rest of us . 
  so i hope , you \u00b4 ll get to go to other parties in the meantime . 
  no we actually are not . 
  germany is at it \u00b4 s core pretty conservative . 
  although we also take this federation seriously so some states are pretty liberal . 
  ( cologne is the gay-capital of germany  ... ) it \u00b4 s just that being conservative doesn \u00b4 t equal us-republicans ... 
  being conservative for the most part means , that you don \u00b4 t like change too much . 
  and this applies to all parts of life . 
  we actually have freaking bishops weighing in on stuff like stem-cell-research and abortion : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_ethics_council edit : grammar, 
  to all my fellow germans who are now allowed to marry their significant other : st\u00f6\u00dfchen !, 
  seems we \u00b4 re all humans after all . 
  who would have thought ? 
  this last line sounds very familiar ... old people here would sometimes say insane stuff like this . 
  `` you didn \u00b4 t need to lock your bike back then . 
  no one would have stolen it . '', 
  `` everybody had work . '', 
  and of course the classic : `` hitler build the autobahn . '', 
  but you know what ? 
  if we as a country could turn this around . 
  you can , too . 
  just don \u00b4 t give up . 
  we should gift the whole molehill to you . 
  you could build a castle for your king there , to watch over all his land . 
   i wonder if i had to send the petition for the german part to d\u00fcsseldorf or to berlin . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  now i understand your comment much better . 
   and i agree , raising the wages is not a bad idea at all . 
   which i didn \u00b4 t say anything about , because it was already raised in other comments .
