  the concept of the higher educational system itself being explicitly designed for brainwashing people with nationalistic ideas is not something , i thought of . 
  although i should have ... 
  the 68 movement in germany coined the saying : [ `` unter den talaren der muff von tausend jahren '' ] ( https://paragraphenreiter.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/unter-den-talaren.jpg ) `` beneath the talars ( an academic gown ) the stink of a thousand years . '', 
  thousand years being both a hint towards the thousand year reich and the long traditions of the academic circles . 
  it was the 68-movement in germany that fought every bit of nazi-era-stink they could find . 
  and it stank quite a bit in universities . 
  seems like turkey could need a 68-movement of it \u00b4 s own . 
  so thank you for making me think . 
  thanks for giving insight into the school curriculum in turkey . 
  that \u00b4 s an interesting and somehwat unnerving read . 
  but i \u00b4 d be cautious to assume people from reddit are a good representation of any country . 
  so i wouldn \u00b4 t really want to draw conclusions about the state of things in turkey from whatever people are saying on / r/turkey . 
  just out of curiosity : do you have any sources for the cheering of the majority of secular turks for isil ? 
  i \u00b4 d be really interested in reading about it . 
  bad circumstances can btw also strike for educated people . 
  i \u00b4 d say in the end we are all human beings and populism caters to our emotions , which we all have . 
  educated or not . 
  although there might be robots lurking amongst us . 
  a while ago there were statements from berlin officials of how the turkish government asked for german help in rescuing their economy . 
  that \u00b4 s not going to be pretty . 
  relatives of a friend who are all part of turkish upper class in istanbul are right now scrambling to get out of the country . 
  ( they all want wot go either to canada or germany ... ) the intelligenzia in turkey is indeed losing hope . 
  this brain drain will be the cherry on top of turkey \u00b4 s problems . 
  the worst part probably is , that if the economy tanks and the intelligenzia flees the people that are left are even more likely to follow erdogans nationalistic path . 
  bad circumstances are a formidable breeding ground for extreme views . 
  well , if he indeed wants to hold a rally in your country you better say yes . 
  otherwise you \u00b4 re obviously nazis . 
   erdogan-logic for the win ... 
  does he want anything from poland ? 
  if not , you \u00b4 re fine . 
  erdogan seems to think insulting people is a great way of making them do , what he wants . 
  i \u00b4 d really like to know , how the world in his head works . 
  this sounds really scary . 
  especially the `` how quickly '' - part reminds me of some history lessons ... 
  the rest sounds pretty putin-like to me . 
  isn \u00b4 t russia the only nation able to challenge germany as big bad evil according to pis ? 
  how do they cope with the cognitive dissonance ? 
  i hope they will be stopped somehow . 
  thanks to all poles for sharing your experiences . 
  it really is heartbreaking . 
  we don \u00b4 t need more shores on the freaky frozen russian pond . 
  but the mediterranean ... that would be nice indeed . 
  so if you \u00b4 re down with it italy : you have our number . 
  thank you again . 
  that \u00b4 s really interesting how different languages use different solutions for the same problem . 
  the turkish one is fascinating . 
  the german version of doctor \u00b4 s house would be : doktors haus the house doesn \u00b4 t mark being possessed . 
  as i said above in female nouns the difference to other genitives is more obvious . 
  male nouns just add the article as far as i can see : das haus des doktors female possessive/general genitive : mutters haus / das haus der mutter, 
  time for some fresh air then xd ... 
   possessive i didn \u00b4 t want to put into question if english uses a genitive or not . 
  i was just somewhat confused by using the genitive for only possessive ... md_tng cleared that up for me . 
   ( btw am i just getting tired or did you edit your post ? 
  i think i \u00b4 m in need of some caffeine ... ), 
  it feels right the way you put it . 
  if the possessive is a specific function of genitive , than yes it should feel more specific ... all possessives are genitive but not all genitives are possessives ? 
   interesting . 
  thank you for the answer . 
   possessive are you sure , possessive and genitive are the same ? 
  i \u00b4 m not a linguist , but i feel like they are different things . 
  at least in german . 
  the possessive is used for more specific things/persons/countries and genitive is more general . 
  they even differ in their `` looks '' in the femininum : possessive : mutters hund ( mother \u00b4 s dog ) genitive : der hund der mutter/der mutter hund . 
  ( the dog of the mother . ), 
  now that i \u00b4 m writing it , i feel like they are even handled differently with regard to syntax . 
  you can switch the genitive around . 
  you can \u00b4 t switch the possessive the same ... 
  although the second version feels somewhat old fashioned it is correct from a grammatical point of view . 
  ok , this just got longer than i anticipated . 
  i \u00b4 m sorry , i was kind of thinking out loud/writing . 
   but again , are they really interchangeable ? 
  i feel not ... 
  in my opinion her decision to let them in wasn \u00b4 t so much pro-immigrant as it was spun later . 
  she probably did it to release the pressure on southern europe , not because she wanted hundreds of thousands of refugees to flood the country . 
  there was no good way out . 
  although there were people who liked it , there were also more than enough who didn \u00b4 t. 
  but think about it , what would have happened if germany would have just shut the borders and let countries such as slovenia handle hundreds of thousands of people who suddenly appeared . 
  the spd base is in my opinion conservative in its own way they are working class people who don \u00b4 t really like change . 
  they also often don \u00b4 t like refugees . 
  so this topic is also a hot one for the spd . 
  i think this kind of stuff won \u00b4 t happen again . 
  you could call it a surprise event . 
  no one thought that millions of people would try to get into the eu . 
  now they are aware and they are quietly adjusting to the situation so that this won \u00b4 t happen again . 
  uncontrolled refugee influx endangers european and even german stability . 
  if something like this happens again even here you will probably see a very big shift towards right policies . 
  the afd soared in the elections after this catastrophe . 
  politicians are aware of this . 
  they just don \u00b4 t like to talk about it because it could also cost them votes to be openly against refugees . 
  so they settle for handling this quietly . 
  this whole merkel = pro refugee narrative is something that the left and the right liked for various reasons . 
  i \u00b4 d be cautious with it , because i think it is a big oversimplification . 
  the cdu is already openly discussing stricter imigration policies . 
  and with the cdu you can count on any open discussion being approved from above ... and as said above the spd has a big interest in not touching this topic at all . 
  i could see the cdu using it as some kind of trap-topic during the election campaign . 
  because there is no easy answer for the spd ... edit : spelling, 
  so they are allowed to protest ? 
  that \u00b4 s something i wouldn \u00b4 t have expected to be honest . 
  let \u00b4 s hope , russia doesn \u00b4 t take this as an invitation ... 
  here is what you should be doing : everytime you catch a quality difference between western and eastern products , tell it to those companies .
