  they gained and are still not in ... 
  it probably is . 
  but it remains to be seen what will be happening . 
  the silver lining here is probably , that the us has a chance to show the world that a democracy can fight a demagogue and authoritarian with the rule of law even if he takes office . 
  but it isn \u00b4 t an easy task and many democracies have failed to put up a good fight . 
  even if he can \u00b4 t fool the american public . 
  how long will it take for the people to become tired of his mass-production of scandals , blunders and disastrous policies ? 
  it \u00b4 s breathtaking even from the outside . 
  i really hope you \u00b4 ll keep them in check . 
  i don \u00b4 t want the us to suffer . 
  but i fear you will have to live with the aftermaths of his great deals for quite a time . 
  the world has already begun to reorder itself and trump is working hard on keeping the us out of it . 
  well then it probably comes down to how much democrats and republicans value their party over their country . 
  those russia ties could proof a very deep rabbit hole . 
  i really hope , we will get the truth of this in the not to far away future . 
  it probably depends on how much the republicans value their party over their country . 
  that \u00b4 s actually what i imagine a child would do , if it would become president . 
  trump is working really hard to weaken the us on all fronts . 
  he is paving the way for the next financial collapse with his short-sighted goldman-sachs-buddies . 
  he is trying to get americans killed ( obamacare and meals on wheals ... ) . 
  he is undermining the education system and therefore ensuring that americans aren \u00b4 t able to tackle the future ( privatizing and therefore limiting access to education ) . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t care if american soil/air/water is getting poisoned so he castrates the epa in favor of big oil . 
  this charade is just perfect to isolate the us . 
  he demolished the state department and he is actively alienating us-allies . 
  the ones which will suffer the most from the great donald are americans . 
  he is doing exactly what adversaries of the us would want from a us-president . 
  this looks very sinister even if you try to be objective and unemotional about it . 
  no i have not . 
  but this is now on my to-eat-list . 
  thanks . 
  that \u00b4 s because they should have gone with shakespearean english : hast thou some time for me ? 
  then i \u00b4 ll sing a song for thee . 
  amarone is the drink of gods , it is known . 
  i \u00b4 ll be ever grateful to italians for it . 
  hast du etwas zeit f\u00fcr mich , ( do you have a moment for me ? ), 
  ( then i \u00b4 ll sing a song for you , again , ) von recep tayip erdogan , dem schnuckel-schnauzbart-chef-osman . 
  ( of recep tayip erdogan , the sweetheart-mustache-chief-osman . ), 
  woman : we have allah , we have our prophet , and now we have recep t. erdogan . 
  ( he wants that women get five kids ) klar , dass alle auf ihn fliegen . 
  ( of course everyone loves him then . ), 
  ( with x-ray-vision for journalists he sees they are terrorists . ), 
  ( they will get imprisoned first . 
  death penalty comes later . ), 
  ( who wears the sexiest/coolest suit ? ), 
  woman : erdogan is a hero no dictator . 
  ( erdo needs no bitching from this terror-nazi-crook . ), 
  ( every european is terror-helper and fascist . ), 
  ( eu-entry isn \u00b4 t something he wants anyway . ), 
  ( without erdo we go to the eu . 
  play on a soccer-anti-dutch song . ), 
  ( more devoted than a muslim-brother , sexier than a formula-1-girl . ), 
  ( decisive hand in kurdish-land . 
  finally more room at the beach again . ), 
  ( forget about the corruption-scandal , because soon he \u00b4 ll have all the power . ), 
  ( he \u00b4 s allowed to take every tube then . 
  the animations are beautiful . 
  and really fitting . 
  those shadows are perfect . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i hope you \u00b4 ll have a nice day . 
  yes the contempt is dripping from every `` you '' in prometheus . 
  ( and my hut , that you didn \u00b4 t build , and my oven , whose amber you envy me for ( ... ) i shall honor you ? 
  what for ? ), 
  but i still have to say , the magician \u00b4 s apprentice has a natural flow to it , which is truly amazing for me . 
  it just feels true and the rythm literally takes my breath . 
  i also love the `` erlk\u00f6nig '' for the same reason . 
  this is what i enjoy most in his work . 
  how it makes me feel to read out his words aloud . 
  ( such beautiful games i play with you . ), 
  this line sounds like hissing , no matter which voice i use . 
  i absolutely love it . 
  ( i love you , i \u00b4 m lured by your beautiful figure , and if you \u00b4 re not willing i \u00b4 ll use force . ), 
  it just sounds cruel . 
  even if i try to whisper it softly . 
  well , i just nerded out on goethe i guess ... have a nice evening  . 
  it \u00b4 s a sad day . 
  but this gives me hope . 
  stay strong great britain !, 
  ( ... ) walle !, 
  i \u00b4 m in love with this poem . 
  i love how it escalates because of hybris and lack of knowledge , i love how it begins calmly , how the refrain actually sounds and flows like i \u00b4 d imagine a spell and how it gets absolutely hysterical at the end . 
  everytime i read it , i find myself out of breath at the end . 
  `` i can \u00b4 t get rid of the spirits i summoned . '', 
  one of the best cries for help in all of literature if you ask me . 
  well it kinda means old in german , too . 
  but something gammelig is so old , it is rotten or turned . 
  so a `` gammelige pl\u00f6rre '' really wouldn \u00b4 t be something , you want to drink  . 
  a few years ago , there was a scandal with rotten meat in germany . 
  the term gammelfleisch comes from this scandal . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gammelfleisch ( the second term `` gammelfleischparty '' in the link is according to the description a colloquial term refering to parties for people over thirty years . 
  but i personally only know those parties as `` resterampen '' . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i almost spit out my coffee from laughing . 
  but if you consider , that the scandies also call something old `` gammel '' by default ... 
  i support the questioning of the numbers . 
  almost everyone i know drinks at least 2-3 cups a day . 
  the kilo-numbers should be higher i think ... 
  i guess the rhetoric you \u00b4 re probably thinking of is so over the top , you just can \u00b4 t take it seriously if you actually know the country . 
  i ` m living in nrw ( the state in which cologne is located ) and it seems , someone forgot to explain to me , that i can \u00b4 t leave the house without being raped by muslim hordes and veil myself because of sharia law . 
  i \u00b4 m just living my normal life ... i \u00b4 ve seen some of the refugees who came then .
