  and what i saw wasn \u00b4 t violent fighting age invaders . 
  you could spot them on the street because they were too skinny , in unfitting clothes and sporting deep deep shadows beneath their eyes . 
  you could see their suffering if you just looked in their faces . 
  i don \u00b4 t understand how you could not have empathy with them . 
  but yes i also don \u00b4 t want a million refugees in the country every year ... 
  it just can \u00b4 t work out in the long run . 
  but the solution to this is giving them some perspective and hope in africa . 
  not letting them drown in the mediterranean or shooting at them at the border . 
  and i also don \u00b4 t think this will happen again . 
  it was a surprise event . 
  now the politicians and security agencies know ... 
  i \u00b4 m not sure what you want to say with this comment . 
  i guess you mean , that russia could just cut the gas supply and germany would be in big trouble ? 
  in the link you provide there is mentioning of the gas storage . 
  it is a storage that can supply germany with several weeks of gas it is stored by the gas suppliers . 
  as far as i \u00b4 m aware the gas storage is sufficient for almost two months . 
  atop of this there is an strategic oil-storage for three months . 
  this would give time to buy gas from other sources . 
  like norway , canada , the us or scotland . 
  how many hundreds of billions you think the german government will pay to secure a new gas supply ? 
  they poured hundreds of billions into the banks . 
  they can do it again ... sure prices on the world market would go up . 
  but it wouldn \u00b4 t be germany that won \u00b4 t get any gas any more . 
  and although it would be troublesome germany will manage through . 
  russia on the other hand seriously needs any money they can get . 
  they are already cutting the retirement funds to pay for the military ... and if new supply lines are established , don \u00b4 t you think , russia just lost one of it \u00b4 s biggest customers for good ? 
  by the way , i think to cut gas for germany you \u00b4 d also have to cut it for the rest of western europe . 
  and i can \u00b4 t see anyone wanting russian gas after this episode . 
  russian gas would become the cheapest gas on the market and i wish them good luck with china as their biggest source of income . 
  western europe would also intensify it \u00b4 s strive for new energy sources . 
  russia just lost it \u00b4 s biggest market for the foreseeable future . 
  putin knows this , merkel knows this ... 
  i can \u00b4 t see him actually pushing that button . 
  this is the very reason , why russia isn \u00b4 t a superpower . 
  it \u00b4 s just sitting on a pile of nukes and ressources . 
  they are seriously lacking in other parts . 
  they don \u00b4 t have the economic , cultural , financial cloud of a superpower ... and this is unlikely to change any time soon . 
  i do believe , that russia is at least as dependent on germany as germany on russia . 
  they dug their own hole by not diversifying their economy . 
  and with the rise of renewables i \u00b4 m sure , this dependancy will decrease from the european perspective . 
  but if russian gas supply turns out to be unreliable , we will see this transformation much sooner . 
  and this would ultimately bring less money into russia . 
  when i talked about how putin isn \u00b4 t insane above , his realist approach is exactly what i meant . 
  and as western europe is as far as i know ( correct me if i \u00b4 m wrong ) russias biggest energy client , while the russian economy completely depends on resources , i really don \u00b4 t see him trying anything funny here anytime soon . 
  even if gas prices go up . 
  do you remember this `` great '' deal they did with the chinese after crimea , to show the world how they aren \u00b4 t dependent on europe buying their gas ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think the russians would like the chinese as their only customer . 
  he probably also knows , that he just has to wait a few years to make the german public forget about his syrian and ukrainian adventures . 
  that \u00b4 s sadly how this works . 
  all the while trump does his best to rupture german-american bonds . 
  although i think this relationship runs deeper than one erratic president could reach . 
  i \u00b4 m sure he wants that . 
  my point was , that there isn \u00b4 t too much he could do about if we won \u00b4 t let him . 
  the us on the other hand can do some damage without even trying . 
  how far putin will come with his efforts does depend on us ( europeans that is not just germans ) . 
  and putin knows this . 
  if he does interviews with german media , he \u00b4 s feeding the german public honeyed poison . 
  promising all kinds of great outcomes , if we \u00b4 d just work together . 
  that is not how trump does it . 
  i actually understand how a german who isn \u00b4 t really interested in foreign politics could come to the conclusion , that putin is not at all worse than trump . 
  edit : which is exactly the narrative , putin wants ... 
  it seems at last we germans are standing on the other side of the line then . 
  i \u00b4 ll have to go with sweden here . 
  farewell old italian allies . 
  may the better topping win . 
  well if you look at it realistically . 
  russia hasn \u00b4 t many angles to seriously hurt germany short of outright war . 
  and although i don \u00b4 t trust putin \u00b4 s government one bit . 
  no one has shown me any good arguments , why russia should start a war with germany . 
  there is nothing they could gain from it , is there ? 
  in my book , putin is a psychopath and and he has no morality whatsoever . 
  he also takes every opportunity he gets to gain `` stuff '' / countries whatever . 
  but he isn \u00b4 t insane . 
  the us on the other hand has so many more abilities to seriously hurt germany . 
  granted it \u00b4 s much more unlikely that us would militarily attack germany than russia ( although i also think this is extremely unlikely ... ) . 
  but everything else seems if you listen to trumps rhetoric not off limits . 
  he threatend a real trade war with germany in an interview with the biggest german tabloid . 
  how do you think , this went down with the german public ? 
  it was a joke . 
  don \u00b4 t worry . 
  i know i wasn \u00b4 t meant with `` er '' . 
  don \u00b4 t worry , i didn \u00b4 t really thought i was meant with `` er '' . 
  it \u00b4 s just funny to misunderstand dutch on purpose  . 
  have a nice day . 
  and don \u00b4 t assume my gender ever again !, 
  i \u00b4 m not an `` er '' i \u00b4 m a `` sie '' . 
  xd edit : the gender assumption thing was a joke . 
  i misunderstood it on purpose . 
   edit 2 : and before anyone is worried , i also know , that you \u00b4 re not really cutting up cats in the netherlands . 
  you monsters !, 
  wow . 
  thank you very much for this detailed and informative answer . 
  i knew of the kemalists . 
  but i actually thought , they are the saner option in turkey and not nessecarily ultra-nationalistic . 
  thanks for educating me in this regard . 
  the picture with the students holding up the foto is haunting . 
  and a very interesting point , that also offers me a new perspective of my own society is the bit about education . 
  yes , i \u00b4 m guilty as charged . 
  i totally thought , more education kinda solves the fascism / ultra-nationalism problem automatically . 
  i assumed extremist movements would all just try to get rid of higher education altogether to turn people into sheeps .
