  what now ? 
  like she gives a shit about schlesien . 
  okay , now i get it . 
  you are a troll . 
  good , people just ignore him and let him go back under his brigde . 
  first of all i never said `` genocide '' , i called ethnic cleansing commited by serbia wich it was . 
  secondly please tell me about those mass killings the nato commited only because of people ethnicities lastly stop playing the victim of constant repercussion . 
  we germans had much more of that and we dont whine around like little bitches ... 
  wow , still butthurt because the nato kept you from killing more innocent people ? 
  as it will the ethnic cleansing commited by serbia . 
  i wonder wich will be jugded more . 
  oh , thank you great master of discussion and passive aggressiveness !, 
  i will forever remember your advice when writing small unimportant comments ... 
  but seriously rather than start a discussion you just commented lick a dick . 
  first stop being a passive aggressive twat before you try to teach someone etiquette . 
  your passive aggressive analysis is really creepy ... also you overestimating china and those other non-western powers you talk about . 
  besides having nukes they come nowhere near the us or russia in terms of millitary power . 
  well , thats even worse ... 
  well , ask yourself how far against the us would your goverment go ? 
  its not that you have been exploiting us but rather that our politicians always look at what you want when it comes to foreign policy ... like the stuff with snowden for example . 
  i considered them but they are nowhere near the us or russia . 
  so you like being pushed around by them or licking their asses ? 
  power projection -  self protection beside the world needs more military mights than the us and russia . 
  you know by building your worldview by reading some religious texts you are no better than fundamentalists or fanatics ... 
  so anyone knows the exact numbers ? 
  well tell that the csu and their voters ... 
  the last i heard the politicians feared benefit-tourism ... 
  for the love of god , someone tell me why the fuck is this person defence minister ? 
  like what the hell qualifies her for that position ? 
  no of course i mean it literaly . 
  we know it wont be easy , but the german people will stand behind you !, 
  * patriotic music starts playing *, 
  wonderfull idea !!!, 
  i wonder why we dont do it if its so easy !, 
  you know what ? 
  i hereby name you minister of reproduction . 
  maybe with your lead the german population will start fucking again . 
  but hey fuck immigrants , right ? 
  who needs them anyways . 
  we will build robots which will wipe our asses when we \u00b4 re old and senile and wont have any young people left . 
  its kind of funny because before in german forums all the spd members were talking about how the spd members wont stand for the grand coalition and that there will be a heavy backlash for the spd leaders . 
  but now look at that . 
  could you cite that ? 
  as far as i know the international community only started funding the mujahideen after the intervention . 
  but i could of course be wrong . 
  upps ... my bad . 
  of course i dont mean the whole cold war . 
  only the proxywar in afghanistan . 
  first washingtion now france , what the fuck are you people talking about ? 
  if you mean that afghanistan was conflicted place before then yes it was . 
  but the soviet intervention was what started this whole cold war bullshit in afghanistan . 
  edit, 
  the fuck i are you talking about ? 
  i am talking about the soviet intervention in afganistahn . 
  i think the soviets started the whole mess . 
  like i said : `` if '' . 
  sadly there hasnt been made enough investigation on this issues . 
  so we dont really know where the issue lays here in germany . 
  also you cant compare germany wich is easily reached by traffickers from east europe to an island at the end of the world . 
  like i said : `` if '' . 
  sadly there hasnt been made enough investigation on this issues . 
  so we dont really know where the issue lays here in germany . 
  the reason why so many women end up in forced prostitution has nothing to do with the reason why there are so many in germany and not other western countries . 
  if the prostitution law really makes it easier for traffickers to operate here we should overthink it . 
  well , here in germany prostitution is legal since 2002 and there is actually a movement by feminists and human rights activists to criminalize it once again . 
  they argue that because of the law the number of victims of human trafficking has risen greatly and that germany has become a mekka of forced prostitution . 
  so maybe thats what those women are against . 
  taking away the only food the people have is pretty much stealing especially when they had no right to . 
  they closed the borders because they wanted the people to produce more and not just flee before they die . 
  maybe you should read a bit more than wikipedia and not only listen to your granny . 
  also i am not emotional i am only arguing why the holodomor should be viewed as genocide . 
  mate . 
  even if , the soviets still stole the food from the people no matter who , knowing that that would cause a famine . 
  also they closed ukraines borders . 
  which country did they also forbid the people to leave ? 
  they kept the people in there watching them die . 
  if that isnt deliberate then i dont know what is . 
  they knew what they were doing when they took away the food and did nothing againgst the famine until millions died . 
  so you could argue that it was deliberate and systematic . 
  maybe not targeted but still genocide . 
  only because it was unintended doesnt mean it wasnt their fault . 
  also there are is much more evidence that it was the soviets fault than anything else . 
  the holodomor was a man made famine by stalins and the soviets . 
  they took the harvest to enrich themselfs and caused the deaths of millions of people in ukrain . 
  i dont really know what you mean . 
  ukrain is special because the soviets took their food and forbid anyone from leaving the country . 
  was there another nation under the soviets that got that treatment ? 
  what doesnt makes it less horible . 
  edit . 
  it still was man made even if the famine wasnt wanted . 
  edit . 
  it still costed millions of people lifes . 
  are you retarded or why do post this comment four times already ? 
  good bye juice ? 
  someone doesnt seem to like his vitamins . 
  nope , not at all . 
  here in germany the only things we learned about poland in history was all the stuff after ww1 . 
  but i guess thats rather normal because each country has enough of their own history to teach . 
  feels a little bit like a step in the wrong direction . 
  i mean sure its nice if the people could decide where their money goes but on the other hand people can be fucking stupid sometimes .
