  first of all i am pretty sure that deal was made long before the whole crimea crisis . 
  also [ the deal was halted . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29060398 ) so whats your problem ? 
  what $ 2bln deal exactly are you talking about . 
  well , some laws are not made because of rational reasons but ethical ones . 
  factory farming and raping animals is both highly unethical . 
  again sorry , i was on my phone and just used the site op gave me . 
  also like you might see from my flair i am from germany so i dont read that much news about the uk . 
  sorry but i have a hard time finding those 1400 rape cases you talk about could you please link the exact page ? 
  thank you . 
  yeah it would be really cool if you could cite at least some sources and please no tabloids and shitpapers . 
  no thank you id rather continue the talks than provoke russia to do even worse things . 
  russia is desperate in not wanting to have the nato as its neighbor which is understandble because the eu does n't want russia as its direct neighbor . 
  so it would be cool to solve this conflict so that both parties do n't use ukraine as its military base against the other . 
  how about we all calm the fuck down . 
  try to solve the conflict in ukraine without starting a new cold war and keep both russian military and western lobbyists out of the country . 
  man , this conflict is already escalating like hell without the media firing it up with sensationalist claims ... 
   juan linz , whose 1964 description of authoritarianism is influential , characterized authoritarian regimes as political systems by four qualities : ( 1 ) `` limited , not responsible , political pluralism '' ; that is , constraints on political institutions and groups ( such as legislatures , political parties and interest groups ) , ( 2 ** ) a basis for legitimacy based on emotion , especially the identification of the regime as a necessary evil to combat `` easily recognizable societal problems '' such as underdevelopment or insurgency ; ** ( 3 ) neither `` intensive nor extensive political mobilization '' and constraints on the mass public ( such as repressive tactics against opponents and a prohibition of anti-regime activity ) and ( 4 ) `` formally ill-defined '' executive power , often shifting or vague . 
  here an excerpt from the the wiki page since you seem to have failed to read it . 
  the bold sentence means that whenever a authoritarian government deems something in its country as problem it will take the legitimacy to act on it not by law like a democracy but solely by emotion . 
  even simpler : if the singaporean government sees its current economic policies as problematic it will do whatever it wants to change them . 
  you might say that the current system is perfect but a later singaporean government might see it totally different . 
  also you should read up on what really is the difference between a authoritarian government and a totalitarian one . 
  oh for gods sake , do you even know what authoritarian means then ? 
  it means that a government does everything it wants without giving a fuck about anything . 
  only because the singaporean government right now doesnt nationalize private properties doesnt mean it never will . 
  since they dont have to justify their actions before someone they can do whatever they want . 
  saying they ca n't do something because they never did it is really , really naive . 
  they are a authotarian government they can do whatever they want . 
  here wikipedia has a pretty simple explanation for what [ authoritarianism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/authoritarianism ) means since you seem to be confused by the topic . 
   government doe n't have right to do that . 
  heh , thats pretty ironic if you are talking about a authotarian government since they take all the rights they want . 
  nothing would stop from taking the private assets of citizens or companies . 
   secondly thats their private property yeah , turning private property into national is exactlly what nationalizing is about . 
  thats what the nazis had done with the german companies and the russians after them . 
  ah , i see you think economic policies are bad and hinder its growth . 
  well , while i totally disagree with you i can see what you mean . 
  but i also disagre with you saying that only because 50 % of the population of your country doesnt vote they also dont give a fuck about democracy and their freedom . 
  they are just content with how things are right now . 
  if the government suddenly decided to become authoritarian they would pretty fast stop being satisfied . 
  lastly with an democracy you can decide what policies there are . 
  but an authoritarian government like singapore could always suddenly decide to nationalize private companies . 
  okay , let me ask what do mean with economic freedom ? 
  cause i dont understand why you couldnt have that in a normal democracy . 
  as a matter of fact i think you have more econoical freedom in ukraine than you have in singapore . 
   democracy without economic freedom how can you then call that democracy ? 
  from what i understand in a democracy people themselves decide what economic policies there are . 
  eh , both are not the greatest contenders for freedom and democratic rights i think . 
  id rather have a pm that cares about freedom and democratic rights . 
  well , then give them anyway . 
  you are not the only pole or polish speaking redditor here . 
  serioulsy wtf ? 
  germany to has a big muslim population and we dont have such problems with them . 
  wtf are you about ? 
  what fucking new eu military ? 
  wow , you really are out of touch with reallity , arent you ? 
  edit . 
  okay , since i might missed something here . 
  is this meant as satire ? 
  yeah , those horrible health regulations making our lives so much worse . 
  i said `` heard '' not `` know '' . 
  of course i ve been tought about the hymn but i never heard a rendition of the full song before . 
  ... i see . 
  well , you should listen to it as soon as you as it is truly one of the most magnificent works of music history . 
  i dont understand why you put the we quotation marks but it was adopted 1985 as hymn of the european union . 
  yup and a really great one at that , maybe even the best . 
  its called `` ode to joy '' but i bet you already heard of it . 
  i really dont believe that he makes his own ads . 
  its more of a fuck up from his pr team . 
  i bet even he is horrified by this . 
  haha , i actually never heard the full version of the song . 
  very ... patriotic ... 
  okay ... but what has this to do with polands loan to moldova ? 
  funny that they think wehn is well known in germany . 
  i never heard of him outside of british tv . 
  maybe but like in every other country those firms dont represent the people . 
  they manipulate the government for their own benfit . 
  well maybe your totally idiotic idea ... 
  pardon me , fucking what ? 
  where the hell do you have that from ? 
  i never met a fellow german who liked putin or wished a closer relationship to russia . 
  even mama angie herself said putin is nuts . 
  ahh , nothing better than a anti-anti-usa-circlejerk ... 
  or maybe its because our government doesnt do anything when its people are spied on . 
  i seriously never met anyone outside the internet with anti us sentiment . 
  its totally normal to be angry with your government and the country that its licking the ass of . 
  but hey its easier to call it anti us circlejerk ... 
  haha its the us firms who are making the most money out of it . 
  yet that doesnt makes the behaviour of the nsa any less wrong . 
  its the biggest bullshit excuse to say `` but the everyone else is doing it too '' someone has to start to bleed for his crimes and since the nsa is the biggest offender we should start with it . 
  never have i heard a more retarded problem ... 
  well why dont you post an unbiased article about the russion perspective yourself ? 
  nothing hinders you from it . 
  ah ... what ? 
  could you please explain that because i really dont know what to answer . 
  i mean first i should stop following bandits and i should annex some land ? 
  are a time traveler from the medivel times or what ? 
  okay ... 
  i am now looking at the street and there is not much happening . 
  sometimes a car drives by but there are no bandits to follow blindly .
