even down town in the capital ? 
  down town istanbul would lose so much business . 
  it 's a ridiculous law . 
   in addition , the sale of alcoholic beverages will be banned between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. those who violate this law will incur a fine of between tl 20,000 and tl 100,000 . 
  the scale is misleading . 
  at this rate they are still in a debt spiral albeit a slower one . 
  thanks , i wrote an email to them in fact asking them to consider including continental europe in their service . 
  they only have the major english speaking countries which is just silly . 
  [ country codes ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/glossary:country_codes ) to be able to read the charts, 
  yeah , you 're right , i looked up a graph on google and i read the units as billions instead of percentages . 
  ~ ~ looks like latvia 's public debt is over 130 % of its gdp . 
  interestingly it decreased slightly after the financial crisis , and now its rising up again with a rapidly rising gdp . 
  maybe the the massive debt is leveraging sound investments and latvia can manage its debt under financial stress ? ~ ~ edit : latvia 's debt is 40 % of its gdp, 
  if i remember correctly , this was the same guy posting that the eu is undemocratic because it is too complicated , and he even suggested that the uk was n't part of europe , and that the benefits of being the eu such as work and travel rights were not such a big deal . 
  he said he wanted to buy land in spain , and he could just apply there for a residency without the eu . 
  i think this guy is presumptuous . 
  [ a map showing the approximate distribution of indigenous languages in europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_day_of_languages ), 
   its also closely corelated to housing availability and price per m2 / income ratio . 
   seams to somehow corelate to income per capita . 
  edit : i just mean you ca n't prove it looking at the graph . 
  maybe attribute was n't the right word . 
  edit : i do n't really like that stereotype about italians . 
  you ca n't attribute cultural patterns . 
  look at eastern europe . 
  worth nothing it 's 15-24 year olds when everyone is still in school . 
  can anyone explain saudi arabia ? 
  flavors do n't make cigarettes taste any better , and young people do n't start smoking for the taste . 
  it 's like berlusconi ca n't make up his mind . 
  does he want italy to default or not ? 
  if he does n't , why is he trying to create this kind of compromise where monti runs for pdl ? 
  he is basically holding italy hostage for political power - either he wins in one way or another , or italy risks default . 
  personally i do n't want italy to default because it will create a huge depressive stagflation that italy will never recover from , not to mention what will happen to the eu . 
  a debate is a debate . 
  what i do n't appreciate is the anti-debate sentiment . 
  people discuss anything they want . 
  and i would argue that yes , people should surrender certain opinions or at least refrain from expressing them violently , or in this case , under the implicit threat of violence . 
  we ca n't have universities censoring debates because it pisses off a bunch of backwards mother fuckers . 
  i do n't understand how the uk has bowed so far to immigrant pressure . 
  these muslims are bullying an entire culture into submission . 
  europeans talk a lot of shit about american 's in this sub reddit , but if a bunch of muslims started a violent protest in ` merica , they would get their asses justly handed to them . 
  you probably get down voted because you sound like a snarky ass . 
  are germans just born assholes ? 
  edit : are belgians just born assholes ? 
  more like poverty killed people . 
  `` italy has few natural resources . 
  there are no substantial deposits of iron , coal , or oil . 
  proven natural gas reserves , mainly in the po valley and offshore adriatic , have grown in recent years and constitute the country 's most important mineral resource . 
  most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80 % of the country 's energy sources are imported . 
  the energy sector is highly dependent on imports from abroad : in 2006 the country imported more than 86 % of its total energy consumption ( 99.7 % of the solid fuels demand , 92.5 % of oil , 91.2 % of natural gas and 15 % of electricity ) . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_italy#energy_and_natural_resources half of italy 's oil is imported from libya . 
  ok but they still have to meet the economic criteria to be accepted into the euro currency union . 
  i suppose that will change when they become independent . 
  i think that if italy defaults , it would be wisest to default on the lira , so italy can print money and avoid bank runs as well as to cushion the fall with stronger exports . 
  it would n't be such a bad idea to start printing lira right now and start stocking banks if it did n't disturb the market . 
  i also have doubt 's how good an argument a low lira is . 
  imagine how high the cost of importing oil would become . 
  it would cause massive inflation and people could no longer afford anything . 
  i think a lot of italian exports are also based on raw materials which need to be imported . 
  a depreciation could possibly cancel out any positive effects on the current account . 
  i 'm not so sure that the depression italy would go into would readily escapable . 
  i think the best thing would be for the `` core '' countries to leave the euro currency and form a secondary currency , bail out italy with their new currency , and re-enter the currency with a proper banking system and a euro bond , and for mario monti to remain and crush corruption and waste . 
  i think italy maybe was stupid to enter the currency . 
  did n't they understand the effect it would have on their account surplus ? 
  they could have joined the eu without adopting the euro . 
  edit : i think that if italy defaults , it would be wisest to default on the lira , so italy can print money and avoid bank runs as well as to cushion the fall with stronger exports . 
  it would n't be such a bad idea to start printing lira right now and start stocking banks if it did n't disturb the market . 
  i also have doubt 's how good an argument a low lira is . 
  imagine how high the cost of importing oil would become . 
  it would cause massive inflation and people could no longer afford anything . 
  i think a lot of italian exports are also based on raw materials which need to be imported . 
  a depreciation could possibly cancel out any positive effects on the current account . 
  i 'm not so sure that the depression italy would go into would readily escapable . 
  i think the best thing would be for the `` core '' countries to leave the euro currency and form a secondary currency , bail out italy with their new currency , and re-enter the currency with a proper banking system and a euro bond . 
  maybe krugman was right . 
  austerity has done worse . 
  italy can continue in debt slavery and depression to the benefit of the other states and the world 's general economy , or it can default and try to work it 's way out of whatever apocalyptic depression ensues . 
   fiscal tightening itself has pushed italy 's public debt from a stable  equilibrium into the danger zone . 
  the imf says the debt ratio is rising  much faster than before , jumping from 120pc last year to 126pc this  year and to 128pc in 2013 . 
  really ??? 
  wtf i mean this fucking guy is trying to capsize italy . 
  i just ca n't believe how rotten he is . 
  why is he resigning ? 
  american has waged war and toppled government for years , and it 's a christian nation . 
  just because it 's educated and democratic and is n't torn by internal conflict and poverty does n't make it peaceful . 
  and looking back at history , christianity has been as bloody as islam . 
  christianity is n't exactly the religion of peace either . 
  he might possibly be the straw that breaks the camels back and sends italy into default . 
  europeans think they are the center of the world . 
  they do n't realize americans basically live on a cultural island in comparison and that we do n't have much reason to care since we are an economic hegemon and the entire world copy cats almost everything we do . 
  many europeans prefer to live inside their own tiny little country . 
  do n't take it personally if they give you crap for being `` ignorant '' in terms of their own culture or languages or geography . 
  take it in stride . 
  europeans can be just as ethnocentric as americans . 
  there 's also a huge amount of diversity in europe , so do n't expect everyone to have the same expectations . 
  i think though that most young people 's views tend to converge now days , and you 'll find people who like you for being different and adventurous and coming to europe . 
  i see lot of posts here are really petty in terms of how to act . 
  i think most of these people are overly self-conscious and pretentious judgmental and ignorant and probably just young . 
  and if people wa n't to over-generalize about americans well fuck em . 
  you 're enlightened just by virtue of being humble and open minded . 
  if you have n't learned a second language fluently , you 'll be amazing how much progress you can make if you study it a couple hours a day .
