  if he would n't complain , he would have let himself be silenced by money . 
  and even if you do n't catch anyone , well , does n't matter had sex . 
  how on earth would you know which of your behaviors are learned and which came naturally ? 
  this is something scientists study by looking at genes , twin studies etc. , not something you can just claim to be a fact based on your experience . 
  just because something was n't explicitly taught to you does n't mean it is n't a behavior that you learned by observing other people . 
  none of what was quoted implies that we are blank slates or that there are no gender differences . 
  edit : fuck off srs, 
  they 're effectively the same except : a ) cutting nominal wages is politically almost impossible . 
  b ) money is not neutral in the short run , which means wage cuts can decrease agregate demand . 
  artificially cheap imports/expensive exports because of rigid wages and exchange rates lead to people buying foreign products instead of domestic ones , which is n't good for the local economy . 
  right now finland has an unemployment rate of 9,4 because of a problem with competitiveness , and something has to be done . 
  unfortunately that means wage cuts . 
  what are you saying then ? 
  because honestly it seems like you are saying that either prices are irrelevant , or that literally no-one is investing . 
  both claims are ridiculous . 
   the latter is not a realistic option . 
  will never happen and that 's it . 
  this i can agree with , but in hindsight , joining the euro was a mistake . 
  most economists agree that finland has a problem with competitiveness . 
  the competitiveness that your link talks about has nothing to do with the competitiveness that is being discussed . 
  the article did have something relevant though :  to facilitate a recovery , the report suggested that finland should fix `` long-standing rigidities in its labour market especially the centralized wage-bargaining system , '' which , it says contributes to the country 's 9.5 percent unemployment rate . 
  keeping wages high and hoping a new nokia will emerge is a very dangerous game to play . 
  if the products are too expensive , you lower prices . 
  prices can be raised up again after you are able to produce better products . 
   you do n't seem to understand or just ignore how investment driven exports work . 
  they 're very different from consumer goods . 
  are you seriously saying prices do n't matter for investments ? 
  if finnish products are expensive compared to others , investments will be done with other products . 
   no-one is investing . 
  someone is always investing . 
   yes , compared to usd . 
  and no , not only us markets use usd rendering your percentage bit silly . 
  maybe my percentage was off but most exports go to europe , and finland has to compete against other euro countries , which is not possible if wages are too high . 
  the options are wage cuts , which are either painful or slow , or an independent floating currency . 
  it 's certainly possible that the large share of investment goods can have some effect on the recovery , but that does n't mean competitiveness ( and currency ) is n't whats holding us back . 
  do you know of any economists that emphasize the share of investment goods vs competitiveness ? 
  well painlessly compared to wage cuts . 
   it does little if no-one is buying your exports . 
  it does if your products are too expensve . 
   cheaper currency does not do anything to address that . 
  prices matter . 
   euro already got devalued by over 20 % . 
  compared to what ? 
  usd ? 
  the us is only 6.4 % of exports . 
  most exports go to the euro zone ( no change in value since eur/eur is always 1 ) and other european countries ( eur has risen in value vs at least [ sek ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=sek&amp;view=10y ) , [ rub ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=rub&amp;view=10y ) and [ ~ ~ gbp ~ ~ ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;view=10y ) ( edi : not gbp , had it the wrong way round ) ) . 
  this is bad for exports . 
   secondly the stagnated productivity with related loss of competitiveness in export markets . 
  having a floating currency would allow prices to adjust painlessly . 
  most economists seem to say that joining the euro was a mistake . 
  ( not that going back to the markka would necessarily be a good idea . ), 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  what 's interesting is that its really mixed but segregated at the same time . 
  most areas seem to be more than 85 % or exactly 100 % one ethnicity , even when they border an area with the opposite ethnic make up . 
  i would have assumed a much more even distribution , or alternatively more continuous greek and turkish areas . 
  honestly i 'm a bit surprised because when people talk about nato , one common argument against it is that there should be a eu alliance instead . 
  this is also only about support among 13 meps , which may or may not represent the opinions of the people well . 
  now the batteries can be used to blow wind to spin the turbines when there would n't be wind otherwise . 
  i think having the same vat on everything plus giving money to the poor might be more efficient than reduced rates on certain products . 
  why does the product that is now 1.99 # cost 1.99 # ? 
  if businesses could just choose prices arbitrarily , why not 2.99 # ? 
  competition lowers prices , so that they reflect costs to some extent . 
  the amount a vat affects prices , depends on the elasticity of the demand and supply of the product in question . 
  for something like food , i would expect the supply to be elastic , at least in the long run , and demand to be more inelastic , which would mean that a vat is paid mostly by the consumer . 
  having said that , a vat is better than most other taxes , which is why the eu requires it , and a high vat can be compensated to the poor through transfers , so it can be as progressive as you want it to be . 
  the vat hits the poorest only when looked at in isolation . 
  there is nothing stopping you from compensating the burden by transferring money to the poor like the nordics ( and many others , i assume ) do . 
  although i guess the leaders of the uk prefer to blame the eu for the state of the poor than actually doing something to help them , so in reality a high vat could indeed hurt the poor . 
  he only pointed out that the title is not correct , and provided an example to show that there are at least some people who would answer differently if the question was about a ban . 
  it would only be a fallacy if he would have used his anecdote to make a claim on the amount of people actually in support of the ban . 
  well obviously , but maybe read the context . 
  blurrech was saying old people considered their childrens ' future . 
  axisxyz was arguing against it by saying that in that case the old people should have voted with the youth . 
  of course it 's up to the individual citizen to not do stupid shit . 
  that , however , does n't mean that tabloids lying is n't increasing the amount of stupid shit happening . 
  you do n't have to blame just one . 
  i think he means that to expand to other european countries , you need translation , local marketing expertise , local legal help etc. , because of language barriers . 
  or at least that 's a point i would make . 
  i think you might be misunderstanding how the economy works . 
  if roads are being built in poland with eu money , and german companies end up getting the deals through competition , the people who will see the most benefit from it will be be the polish people ( because they get roads for free ) and european tax payers ( because the cheapest producers were used ) . 
  the germans might see some benefit , but it would be much smaller and affect a really small amount of people . 
  the money might be coming back to germany , but money is n't the same as wealth . 
  if you forget about money , what happens is that poland and germany produce as much as they can , and then germany gives poland part of their production ( roads ) . 
  if you forced polish companies to produce the roads , the difference would be that instead of exporting roads , the germans would give poland something else to make them as well off , but now the roads would n't be built as efficiently , so the germans would have to give them more things ( or poland would n't get as many roads ) . 
  by having the people who can build the roads most efficiently build them , the poles can concentrate on what they are good at , which in the end will benefit everyone . 
  your analogy is incorrect , because instead of breaking the fishing rods , what happens is that the bad fishers sell their rods and go do what they are better at . 
  this , btw is why we are as rich as we are . 
  instead of wasting time fishing to feed yourself , you can do what you 're good at and let the professionals get you your fish in exchange for only a small amount of your labor . 
  may could have a high suicide rate for a whole number of reasons , including the delayed effect of winter . 
  if you want to isolate the effect of dark winters , the study / u/gleisner _ describes would be much better . 
   the chair of the top-voted party will be the prime minister in my country . 
  that 's not true . 
  that 's what traditionally has happened , but there is no law to enforce that , and the parliament could choose pretty much anyone they wanted to . 
  if the biggest party can not form a coalition , then the other parties will give it a go and nominate someone and hope they can get the support of a majority . 
   housing , public transport these and urban planning are pretty much what i voted about . 
  taxes are n't a huge issue because after a year or so , healthcare and some other services will stop being the municipalities ' duty , so there wo n't be that much expenses to decide on . 
  other things some people care about are childcare , schools and some other stuff . 
  the numbers you usually see about spending on roads vs taxes only include spending by the national government , and i doubt it includes things like rent for the land roads are on ( the government might own the land , but this should be counted because there are opportunity costs ) or externalities like dust , pollution and danger . 
  the taxes on gas should n't necessarily be used on roads ( at least to the extent it is used to cut down emissions ) , and especially vat should n't . 
  https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/autoilun_verotus_suomessa here it says driving is taxed by 8 billion , but 3 are vat , so the correct number is about 5bn .
