if she claims that it 's a part of her religion , then it 's a part of her religion . 
  i do n't see how your interpretations of the quran are in any way relevant . 
  i looked at how they came up with the numbers , and some of them do n't really make sense , like the fact that having gay marriage wo n't get you any more points than just registered partnerships , but if you have both ( like in belgium ) , you get double the points . 
  i also looked at finland 's stats , and some of them seem to be simply false . 
  according to them the finnish constitution bans discrimination against gays , when it does n't even mention gays anywhere . 
  it also makes it seem like you are allowed to discriminate against transsexuals in finland , but i 'm pretty sure the laws that prevent other kinds of discrimination would apply to them even though it is n't explicitly mentioned . 
   i 'm not sure what the authors intended to say , but the way they phrased this is unfortunate . 
  a basic income not subject to income , savings or property limits ? 
  free money even for those that do n't need help ? 
  the initiative indeed is n't very clear on how exactly it would work , but all realistic basic income models work by giving everyone the basic income , but taxing lower incomes more than before , which means that most people end up getting about the same amount of money as before , with about the same marginal tax rate . 
  the biggest differences would be reduced bureaucracy and increased incentives to get employed . 
  in finland , the ( finnish ) basic income initiative has support from right and left wing parties . 
  i tried looking through the site but could n't find were they say that the bi would be on top of existing spending . 
  as for the second point , i mean that , at least in finland , welfare benefits are taken away if you start working , causing incentives to stay out of work . 
   in addition to already existing social spending a source for this would be nice . 
   no obligation to actually work i do n't know how this works everywhere , but generally it seems that the obligation is to not work . 
  do you know which countries ? 
  why do they even check them though ? 
  if the refugees are travelling on a train/bus , they are probably doing it to go to the next country , so stopping them just makes it complicated for the stopping country , and if they want to stay in the country , they probably would have already applied for asylum or will apply when stopped . 
  this might make sense if they were trying to smuggle people through a border , but why would you do that in austria ? 
  austria does n't border any non-schengen countries . 
  could n't they have just used normal transportation at that point ? 
  a smaller country will have a larger % of exports , which means that fluctuations in exports have a larger impact on the economy . 
  the report you linked to cites two articles to back up the part you quoted . 
  [ the first ] ( http://www.ssb.no/a/publikasjoner/pdf/rapp_200509/rapp_200509.pdf ) seems to mention ethnicity once , and i could n't find anything to back up your claim . 
  [ the second ] ( http://bjc.oxfordjournals.org/content/53/3/456.short ) was able to explain between half and three quarters of the difference between immigrants and natives by accounting for other factors , which of course is significant , but leaves 25-50 % unexplained . 
  very different from the quote :  thorough , quantitative research shows that the statistical differences in criminal behavior between ethnic groups vanish completely if statistical factors of socio-economic backgrounds are corrected for . 
  i do n't speak norwegian so maybe you can go through the first article to find the part that supports your claim ? 
  yea what 's wrong with them ? 
  free speech means you have the right to be a racist without being told you are one . 
  they really should n't be allowed to say things like that . 
  he is undergoing surgery to turn him into an immortal cyborg so that he can continue to rule russia for eternity . 
  that 's just a shitty map all over . 
  at first glance it looks like a map of just the eu , i mean it 's missing norway , russia , ukraine etc. , but then you look closer and it includes switzerland , bosnia , serbia and kaliningrad . 
  this could lead to less/worse jobs for people in poor countries and ( as you said ) more expensive goods . 
  it would be better to let the wages rise on their own , like how they have risen in china , which has lifted enormous amounts of people from poverty . 
  requiring better environmental standards could be good , especially for something like carbon emissions , since global warming is global . 
  being competitive at manufacturing is n't necessarily something you want . 
  manufacturing is low skill , low pay and probably pretty dull work . 
  the fact that the global markets allow you to specialize in something else is a good thing . 
  so you looked at a map of the richest person ( an outlier ) in each country , saw that the richest guy in scandinavia is twice as rich as some indian guy who lives in ireland , and came to the conclusion that scandinavia is bad for entrepreneurs ? 
  gr8 b8 m8 , you got us all riled up . 
  even if billionaires were a good way to measure this , norway and sweden have some of the highest numbers of billionaire per capita , higher than the us . 
  language changes naturally , but the problem is that spelling rarely does because everyone has to follow the correct spelling . 
  even without a regulatory body , proper spelling is strictly enforced in school , and deviating later in life is n't really possible if you want to be taken seriously . 
  what actually prevents english spelling from changing with the rest of the language is the lack of a regulatory body . 
  if we were allowed to spell how we wanted to , i would agree with you , but since we are n't , the official spelling should be updated . 
  they have a population six times bigger than the 5th most populous country , so no that is n't a lot . 
  of course they are going to eat a lot of meat as an absolute number . 
  per capita , [ india is 8th from last in meat consumption ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_meat_consumption ) , less than a tenth of what most europeans consume . 
  say you have two countries , a and b. 
  a decides to try the import without exporting strategy . 
  why would b give them anything without getting products ( now , in the past or future ) in return ? 
  by paying for imported products with the money you make locally , you are giving foreigners money to buy your products . 
  if they decide not to buy your products now ( there would be no export ) , what you are doing is effectively going into debt , because next year the foreigners might decide to use the money to buy your products . 
  if on the other hand you do n't let them buy your products , they will not accept your money as payment , because they can not buy anything with the money . 
  or you run out of money . 
   why ? 
  it would mean your economy is not producing internally anything at all , which is never true . 
  it surely is n't a good way to run a country , but it 's possible . 
  if it was possible for a country to just import , you could create a utopia where no one works but gets any product by importing it from abroad . 
  it could work if everyone had a lot of foreign money to spend , but that would be because they had previously exported enough to make it possible . 
  how would you do it ? 
  why would other countries give you products for free ? 
  pretty much the only way to get foreign money is to export something . 
   you can import without any export at all . 
  this only works if you have exported enough before or are planning on exporting in the future ( = going into debt ) or if another country is giving you money ( or products ) to do so . 
   you are the one who produces which is always a good thing how is it always a good thing ? 
  production for the sake of production is a waste of resources . 
   you are not reliant on other countries ( which is important for the national/economical safety ) this can be true at least for some industries , though you could also argue the other side , because high reliance on trade would decrease the willingness to go to war for both countries . 
   89 % of the money sent to poland as part of eu structural policy returns to german firms in form of cross-border orders . 
  i have no idea whether this is true or not , but why would it matter ? 
  let 's say poland used the money to have germans build new buildings in poland , would n't that make poland better off anyways ? 
  what the extra money meant is that you had a bunch of germans build you stuff without even having to give anything in return . 
  people often think large exports are good and large imports are bad , when it 's actually the opposite . 
  exports are the price you pay to be able to import foreign goods . 
  would n't it be great if you could just import anything you want without having to work at all ? 
  if germans are better at building and poles are better at farming , it makes sense to use the extra money to have germans build stuff for you , so that poland can concentrate on what it does best . 
  this way both countries are better off than if the money had been used to have poles build things in poland and germans farm in germany . 
  let 's say you 're right . 
  it is hypocritical of them to accept the scholarship . 
  they should give up thousands of pounds/an education/whatever they may have received , to properly criticize rhodes . 
  how much money have you given up to legitimize your opinion ? 
  after setting the bar so high , no doubt it must be a large amount . 
  but that 's just a hypothetical . 
  why does accepting the money make their argument less valid ? 
  it may be rude , but how did she compromise her principles ? 
  diverting resources from her enemy to herself seems perfectly consistent with her goals . 
  even if it was n't , giving up thousands of pounds ( or whatever she may have received ) just on principle is setting the bar pretty high . 
  i can see why the rhodes foundation might have a problem with it , but i doubt that 's a concern for the student . 
  diverting resources from rhodes ( or pro rhodes students ) to someone who is against rhodes seems like a consistent way to fight against him . 
  btw in my experience when someone uses `` if you do n't see a problem with ... '' as an argument , there probably is n't much more than an emotional reaction behind it . 
  someone 's going to benefit anyways , why not someone who is against the guy ? 
  using his own money against him seems pretty reasonable . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  what good would rejecting the scholarship do ? 
  she is n't morally objected to getting money from rhodes , she is objected to rhodes being honored . 
  the two are in no way contradictory . 
  if a guy i hate wanted to give me large amounts of money , why on earth would i decline ? 
  giving him money might be hypocritical but why would taking his money be ?
