no it 's part of an explanation for why edinburgh had such a high no vote . 
  at the end of the day it 's a risk . 
  a risk 45 % of people were willing to take . 
  i do n't know anyone in scotland celebrating right now . 
  no voters are glad for sure and yes voters are disappointed , but this is more of a yes defeat than a no victory . 
  edinburgh is also full of english people . 
  but that 's not the people we were talking about . 
  there are other motivations as well . 
  western involvement in their country or other muslim countries , especially us interventions in the middle east have made people mad . 
  read the discussion [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gn0ju/several_of_the_norwegian_jihadists_in_syria_and/ ) especially :  to work themselves up to explode themselves on the underground train they repeatedly watched footage of assault on fallujah and dropping of white phorphorus on iraqi children . 
  the radical view of islam is n't what comes first . 
  it 's the result a lack of acceptance towards muslims in european countries . 
  it 's also the reason more educated people are more susceptible . 
  they know enough to see the injustice . 
  unless you 're in london where the pint costs # 5 and then a tenner for the food . 
  the british isles are n't a country . 
  the united kingdom is . 
  and the republic of ireland is . 
  there is northern ireland , which is only a small part and belongs to the uk . 
  because realistically germany and austria should have joined into a single german nation after ww1 if the other european nations had allowed it, 
  that because ukip got the large majority of those votes . 
  the workings of a democracy should reflect the will of the people . 
  it should have nothing to do with history or culture . 
  a lot of people have been saying this for a long time now . 
  in fact the snp is in favour of changing the voting system . 
  you have to tolerate their existence yes . 
  these are people born in european countries , often in second or third generation , they are effectively european . 
  you do n't have to tolerate their views/you can criticize their opinions . 
  they have a right to an opinion even if it is contrary to everything you and most other europeans believe . 
  churchill 's man-made famine in india and bangladesh killing millions . 
  mostly it is claimed to be unintentional . 
  1 third ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the only part that was recently won in a war was west prussia/posen . 
  territory changed hands a lot around the baltic in the 1700s and early 1800s . 
  she herself grew up in berlin but her family is from that region originally . 
  she was definitely german but yes i assume the word comes from polish/west slavic . 
  my grandma used to call oranges pommeranzen . 
  her family comes from former schlesien in poland , can any other germans confirm that the word is used occasionally ? 
  how is that an argument ? 
  oh yeah it happens but no one notices so whatever ? 
  think it shows how other major eu countries votes on certain issues correlate ? 
  not sure . 
  eesti can into anschluss ? 
  to spite the english ? 
  definitely . 
  in all seriousness i do n't know . 
  i 'm sure most scots would rather have the whole uk stay in the eu . 
  realism . 
  nah i mean it is obviously being used as a fear tactic but there is absolutely no reason for anyone to be afraid of this . 
  it is simply something that has to be accounted for when voting on whether to leave the eu . 
  scotland would rather stay in the eu than leave the eu with the uk , i 'm sure of that . 
  i would n't call it a fear tactic but sure . 
  i 'm for staying in the eu anyways though . 
  if the uk overall votes to leave the eu , i can guarantee that scotland will have voted overwhelmingly to stay . 
  that kind of difference in political opinion between scotland and the rest of the uk , mainly england will inevitably lead to another referendum imho . 
  i 'm half german half arab lived in scotland for a long time and currently live in london . 
  i just think saying shit like `` i certainly do n't go around groping women . 
  so there 's that . '', 
  is extremely unhelpful for any kind of debate . 
  feeling schadenfreude for the woman for getting harassed is also from my point of view a disgusting way of thinking . 
  i 'm half arab . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would rather not be around you ever actually . 
  its a catholic tradition at least in germany so that 's probably why it never really started in britain . 
   unrest on the streets , collapsing economy , terror outbreaks literal quote from the poster he responded to . 
  there is a difference seeing certain problems arising and having to deal with them and the sort of doomsday prophecies outlined above . 
  but whatever . 
  at least you got your chance to bash the leftist `` gutmenschen '' . 
  the problem is that britain normally acts like this towards the rest of europe . 
  so who knows which came first . 
  british or european condescending attitudes . 
  well we better find something else soon because christianity is going the way of it 's liturgical language . 
  literally every other empire suppressed and killed thousands of revolting/resisting populations . 
  the german empire did it to poles in the late 1800s . 
  france did it to the hugenots in the late 1500s . 
  and well , the ottomans did it to balkan people . 
  the whole thing about taking peoples children and turning them on their own people is not much more cruel than things other empires have done over the years . 
  after all facism and all it 's disgusting aspects are a european invention . 
  the area around istanbul , as well as most of the aegan coast of turkey has been a major area of european history since ancient times and culturally you 'll find turkish people to be very similar to their greek and balkan counterparts . 
  the whole ` different culture ' bullshit may have been true in the 1500s but today it is a very different story . 
  like all invaders turkish muslims eventually adopted some of the culture of the area they came to settle in . 
  i mean hungarians themselves like to think of themselves as descendant from the huns who did n't exactly arrive in europe peacefully either . 
  that 's not even the strongest scots . 
  if you 've ever heard old people form aberdeenshire speak you 'd think it was a different language too . 
  their accent is called doric i think . 
  it 's impossible to understand honestly . 
  funnily enough middle scots is actually recognised as a distinct language from middle english , whereas modern scots is seen by most as a dialect of english . 
  the two languages kinda evolved into one although if you ask some more patriotic scottish people they will tell you scots is still a separate language . 
  the minority movement i 'm scared of taking control are the pegida/ukip style anti-eu parties , not the muslim refugees . 
  i feel like the past few months have shown that maybe scotland was right . 
  cdu is left leaning ... til . 
  only in r/europe i guess . 
  why the fuck do you think nothing is being done ? 
  i do n't think the spd is keeping anyone happy these days to be honest . 
  they will be lucky if they are still the second biggest party next election . 
  i dunno german politics are kinda weird because there is no real viable alternative to merkel . 
  i mean the uk is about to break apart with support for independence in scotland at 50 % even before campaigning has started , hate crimes are up significantly and this is before anything has even been started legally speaking . 
  none of the politicians in westminster have managed to come up with a sensible sounding plan for what happens next but we 're still going through with leaving the eu . 
  that sounds like things going well to you ? 
  yeah unexpectedly the economy has n't collapsed yet although some of that has to do with the emergency budget introduced late last year .
