i guess being out of the eu or if either party went dictatorial that would be a very bad risk . 
  i just took insanely risky to mean civil war . 
  i was taking it to mean physical threat not economic downturn . 
  you 're right though there are plenty of other risks . 
  the only way its ` insanely risky , ' is if it results in civil war . 
  you can not expect nationalists to be scared of civil war , especially when their national consciousness movement was really born ( modern day ) out of a civil war experience . 
  by spanish i meant the spanish state . 
  i do n't think the spaniards have been scary centralist oppressors since democratization and i agree that there have been a ton of concessions . 
  but nationalism is the idea that a people ought to govern themselves , and no amount of fear tactics or even lack of reasonable chance / majority opinion ( as catalan and other national movements like in scotland were held to be a few decades ago ) can undermine that belief for better or worse . 
  i wish that whatever country you live in ( unless it is mine ) had n't undertaken such theft !, 
  then you would get the country you deserve . 
  when have people ever changed their minds about independence as a result of misfortune ? 
  we have one instance of that far as i know , the dominican republic . 
  and they asked to be independent ( again ) after they asked for their independence to be taken away . 
  what are the spanish going to do ? 
  outlaw the catalan language and kill catalan civil society figures and nationalists ? 
  they have already done that before and it did n't work . 
  lol, 
  oh you ca n't ? 
  what exactly were you austrians doing democracy-wise in 1945 and what stopped that ? 
  you can be an american . 
  welcome to the empire !, 
  you take care of the sea then . 
  good luck !, 
  correct the world is secure and peaceful nothing to worry about !, 
  how are they supposed to avoid the horsey poop when they are crammed together like that ???? 
  i wrote a lot more but for some reason i pressed enter twice and all my text went away . 
  oh well , my main point is every revolution since french revolution was claimed to be a foreign plot . 
  it is true that foreign powers meddled in ukraine . 
  none so much as russia . 
  and it is true that there is a large segment of russians who deny ukrainian identity , their language , their ethnicity , etc. 
  here is an interview with warlord igor strelkov that explains far right attitudes towards ukrainian identity . 
  for him they are literally drunk and convinced of lies by foreigners . 
  his proof ? 
  not enough time for changes in genetic , spiritual , and linguistic codes . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngwuaqgym5s russia threatened ukraine with non-existence-as-a-state back in september 2013 before there was a revolution on the maidan and back when it was yanukovych the russians were furious over . 
   the kremlin aide added that the political and social cost of eu integration could also be high , and allowed for the possibility of separatist movements springing up in the russian-speaking east and south of ukraine . 
  he suggested that if ukraine signed the agreement , russia would consider the bilateral treaty that delineates the countries ' borders to be void . 
   `` we do n't want to use any kind of blackmail . 
  this is a question for the ukrainian people , '' said glazyev . 
  `` but legally , signing this agreement about association with eu , the ukrainian government violates the treaty on strategic partnership and friendship with russia . '', 
  when this happened , he said , russia could no longer guarantee ukraine 's status as a state and could possibly intervene if pro-russian regions of the country appealed directly to moscow . 
   `` signing this treaty will lead to political and social unrest , '' said the kremlin aide . 
  `` the living standard will decline dramatically ... there will be chaos . '', 
  keep believing fairy tales where the elites of a nation experiencing a revolution are n't in charge of their destinies . 
  we all know that governments tried to broker a deal for yanukovych to step down and we all know that vladimir putin rushed him out of the country . 
  we know what revolutions look like because some of us are not new to the world . 
  the united states will always try to work with people in a foreign country . 
  so does russia . 
  so does china and britain . 
  but do you know what we ca n't do ? 
  revolution . 
  of course every revolution is sold as a foreign plot from the french revolution onward . 
   who are they ? 
  coup d\u2019etat makes it clear , and its author knows , that they belong to a rather restricted group , since coups are made by armed forces and practically never by anyone else . 
  http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/1969/aug/21/how-to-plot-your-takeover/ junta refers to a military government unless you 're talking about the spanish juntas in the peninsular war . 
  i know russia has been telling you that ukrainians do n't have a language , or a nation , revolution , etc. 
  but when they do something and it fits all of the revolution criteria and absolutely none of the coup criteria , its real whether you want it to be or not . 
  i 'll never understand how sensible people who know how to read can believe ukrainians did n't have a revolution when people in ukraine raised hell for months , their leader fled to a foreign state and plotted counter-revolution , new rules and modes were adopted , a new military was built , and all of this by people who have lived in kiev their whole lives . 
  of course there is another explanation . 
  victoria nuland , wife of infamous vampire/neoconservative robert kagan , overthrew the government of yanukovych via pastry power . 
  yeah i know about the requirements for nato involvement . 
  germany was under no legal or even moral requirement to help out . 
  i was n't aware of what the other poster said about germany paying money for the un operation against saddam . 
  i imagine this was because of un participation and not nato but i do n't know . 
  as for the iraq war that was a good tactical move staying out and it certainly was n't your responsibility or fight . 
  we just have differences of opinions about whether saddam was leader of iraq or not . 
  i do n't care much about arguments of international law that start with the premise that saddam was legitimate leader of iraq . 
  i find them actually pretty immoral . 
  that is fair . 
  we share the blame for it but the security argument is a sensible one . 
  what is n't reasonable is to put off the ills of american society on a group of people you say maybe some of them are n't criminals . 
  most people are n't criminals and some of the people involved in this transnational network are as much victims of lawlessness as criminals . 
  whatever we do we should spend more attention , money , etc. 
  addressing things across our borders . 
  and donald trump is an expert at rhetoric so he deflects the question of where the violence in central america is coming from . 
  politics has broken down there and a significant amount is our fault . 
  people we are sending back are getting murdered . 
  we face moral obligations on both ends : the reason for the flight and the reason for the return to an unsafe land . 
  but you are absolutely right that there are security issues along the border . 
  bipartisan legislation could have done a great deal to fix that with more spending and things that republicans generally approve such as a qualified road to citizenship where english is protected . 
  i 'd like that so much . 
  it kind of puttered out and nothing came of it . 
  we do n't have to be crazy like me and let everyone in . 
  no man you have n't embraced the mother earth . 
  we are all supposed to be here . 
  there are n't any around here but i do let a couple dogs and cats live here along with a greek person so i am doing my part . 
  i rent . 
  my original source was the guy with the bow-tie on bloomberg news a couple months ago but it is hard to link that . 
  he is usually so wise . 
  i guess everyone is jumping the gun or including something weird ? 
  because you have by far the better source . 
  45 % of trillions is a lot of moolah . 
  good job on having such a great export economy it is very impressive . 
  no you 're not my enemy . 
  i just do n't think we share the same fundamental values and worldview . 
  that is okay . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3otrkv/germanys_federal_intelligence_service_bnd_is/cw0kf9i i 'm aware that the germans are pacifistic and have interpreted the lesson of wwii as : do n't fight . 
  but the fact you all could be even slightly upset about kicking a genocidal rabid-dog tyrant in the face and would rather just let him be is one reason why we should n't be in the same alliance . 
  when i was told by my mother that we were at war with a very bad man i was too young to really understand .
