  the fact the germans did n't kill hitler is a testament to their foolishness at the time . 
  but there was a chance he could die , there was a legal option that it would end there , it was within the realm of the possible . 
  what you have done is made it impossible to kill hitler before he seizes power . 
  so a person who fought in syria could return to britain where if they carried out the most spectacular crimes they 'd be sentenced to real life imprisonment , correct ? 
  what if during the remainder of their life the european parliament passed a law abolishing life imprisonment , would britain have to comply ? 
  [ thank you for helping to kick his ass ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election_debates,_2004#.22you_forgot_poland.22 ) . 
  it was the right thing to do . 
  if our other friends had picked wisely it might have turned out better but instead they opposed without effect and now millions come to europe . 
  ca n't correct ordering an airstrike , or changing the interest rate , or giving the go-launch on a rocket that explodes . 
  life is filled with uncertainty and risk . 
  it is more costly to not have the option to use it when you really need to like with timothy mcveigh . 
  might be good to do it against former soldiers that have paramilitary squads who attempt a coup . 
  we have n't had many attempted coups so i do n't know how americans would deal with it but i bet we 'd kill the sonsofbitches . 
  i am willing to extend an offer to our eu friends and allies : next time one of your soldiers attempts a coup d'etat and you feel squeamish about murdering them send them across the pond and we will solve your problem . 
  then that is the actual disgrace that should be dealt with because it does n't seem to be working and it is causing far more suffering . 
  reasonable people do n't even need a trial to convict saddam hussein to death for the crime of genocide . 
   the sheer principle of revenge killing is barbaric . 
  how is it different from revenge confinement ? 
  how do you know it is for revenge ? 
  i do not support death penalty at all for revenge and support its limited use as a necessary function of the state . 
  in the case of certain political cases it is far more dangerous and unjust to permit the possibility they carry out their murderous project . 
  i have chatted with some english people on the chat and they were quite sure that the uk allows execution for the crime of high treason . 
  other information i found said that really should n't be the case . 
  do you know the truth ? 
  executing adolf hitler for the crime of leading a coup and being a traitor would have helped mankind a lot . 
  sending him to prison to write a book sure as hell did n't . 
  they were almost ashamed to bring it up when we executed timothy mcveigh ( we treated our fascist traitor who got put in a courtroom a lot more rationally and effectively than the * germans * ! ), 
  but i guess they have forgotten their comparative silence then and you have nonsense idealism throughout this thread . 
  it kills people meaning they can no longer do anything or have any chance of doing anything . 
  no law , judgment , or decision inevitably lasts forever . 
  courts come and courts go , governments come and go , they sign this treaty or that , and then suddenly you 've got a person you never thought would walk outside in your parliament . 
  they just do n't understand that there are precedent and problems that come from weakening the state . 
  i agree with you that the punishment of murderers by the state is n't something that needs capital punishment . 
  but if you want to go through a serious constitutional crisis without it , you 're asking to be taken over by people willing to use capital punishment . 
  and what do you do when you get hitler in the courtroom for the crime of treason ? 
  this is n't an intellectual matter , it happened !, 
  do you let him off because of no capital punishment ? 
  or do you let him off for the reasons the germans did , because they sympathized with his political position ? 
  either way you get the same result . 
  europe , learn from your mistakes and do not automatically learn the exact opposite lesson we are trying to teach you . 
  no germany the lesson was n't be pacifist . 
  no germany the lesson was n't abolish the death penalty . 
  edit : i am beginning to think people are n't aware that adolf hitler was convicted of treason before he came to power . 
  there is no reason for this fact to be downvoted throughout the thread and not responded to unless people think i am getting a historical fact wrong . 
  whoever has the winning argument please respond to me i have been cocksure of many things i was dead wrong about and i am intelligent enough to profit from your point of view . 
  nothing about whether hitler should have been executed for the beer hall putsch . 
  or fidel castro for the assault on the moncada barracks . 
  no consideration whatsoever for what to do with revolutionaries who are willing to look a judge in the face and say ` condemn me if you will history will absolve me , ' and then in a few years come back and put the judge against the wall . 
  i 've been asking . 
  i 'll let you know if a single one of them have wrestled with this query or even directly dismiss it . 
  edit : one person responded and brought up that dictatorships are the ones who most often execute people for treason . 
  what if the opposite happens and they get off on an amnesty/escape/technicality ? 
  can you when you release a dangerous criminal or revolutionary/terrorist back in to society create a time machine to go back in time and un-amnesty them ? 
  what if they blow up a building ? 
  what if they after failing to seize control of bavaria the first time they pull it off later after writing a book or two in prison ? 
  it should n't be . 
  this is like arguing against a system of public rail because amtrak sucks . 
  just because we have an incredibly complicated legal system with limitless appeal process and an adversarial trial system does n't mean capital punishment has to be more expensive . 
  it could cost a buck fifty if done differently . 
  we might as well doubt our existence or that eu has really abolished capital punishment . 
  perhaps they actually send everyone to finland which is actually not a country ( i 'm sure you heard the rumors ) . 
  a really good book to read is ideological origins of the american revolution by bernard bailyn . 
  you can also find this covered in samuel huntington 's political order in changing societies . 
  but to summarize , no american political tradition did not arise from enlightenment tracts but instead pamphleteer literature that recalled/defended ideas that were out of date by over a hundred years in england . 
  the american colonials were worried about : their relationship with the king overestimating his power significantly because they derived their local governments from his concessions , the establishment of a bishopric and the society for the propogation of the gospel waging a crusade of conversion against non-anglican protestants , the ever encroaching and corrupting nature of power . 
  as for comparisons to nigeria , china , india , brazil , etc. 
  i could go on about where i was coming from but i 'm writing long paragraphs and people will get upset that they have to scroll past my prattling . 
  basically we share one thing above all else , our nation is civic and not based on the idea of a government existing for the fulfillment of an ethnic majority , and then a host of problems that come from taking an undeveloped landscape and making up new laws , institutions , customs , and the like . 
  we are multiethnic empires and share their problems . 
  touche . 
  pro tip : killing nelson mandela for opposing your apartheid regime is almost as bad as not killing hitler for attempting a coup . 
  hopefully everyone will be able to know which is which when the next time comes . 
  europe was uncivilized in 1945 . 
  it was in fact the most barbaric place on the planet . 
  rousseau did n't help you guys out then and the abolition of the death penalty wo n't secure your liberty either . 
  the idea that the usa emerged from glorious democratic enlightenment europe is part of the problem . 
  we emerged from glorious medieval england and our values and yours are different because we have differing views on power and government . 
  as for the rest , that is just your opinion about the causes of the iraq war . 
  if you think they lied about the reasons for war consider the congressional authorization mentioned 22 , of those 22 i find wmd the weakest argument for war . 
  the biggest arguments for war : ( 1 ) saddam is n't the leader of iraq but instead a criminal conspiracy/gang ( 2 ) saddam violated the armistice that ended the gulf war ( 3 ) saddam tried to assassinate a us president ( 4 ) saddam gave money to the families of suicide bombers and other terrorist groups . 
  of course if you ignore all these things and this statement by bush , it is very easy to pretend the moral issue did n't exist . .  bush : i am optimistic because i believe that i am in the right . 
  i am at peace with myself . 
  it has been up to us to face a serious threat to the peace . 
  it irritates me a great deal to consider the indifference of the europeans to the sufferings that saddam hussein inflicts on iraqis . 
  perhaps because he is brown-skinned , far away , and muslim , many europeans think that everything is all right in his regard . 
  people bush was trying to convince when he said that : 0, 
  yes i also opposed that war for other matters . 
  where i differed from a lot of people in the usa and abroad is i thought the wmd was the weakest reason / justification and that the saddam not being real leader of iraq was the best reason/justification . 
  along with how he governed . 
  even though it was always one of the justifications for the war it is ignored and people go so far as to deny its existence prior to not finding wmd . 
  what bothers me about it is the * righteousness * of people who do n't want to bother quantifying the suffering of saddam . 
  the number of people who think more were killed under the occupation or that the methodology that counted his deaths vs. occupation deaths is the same , is far , far too high . 
  plenty of people in the usa supported war against saddam not because of government propaganda , or fear , or desire for revenge from 9/11 , but because they thought it was * wrong * for such a regime to exist . 
  i too thought there were n't many people who liked saddam . 
  i come across people all the time on this subreddit and the worldnews one who do though , who think he had anti-islamist powers . 
  people who think the usa was responsible for : iran-iraq war , kuwait war , un sanction regime , all the deaths in iraq civil war , etc. 
  and it gets a bit annoying to be blamed for everything in such a colonialist way . 
  tldr : do n't like moral relativists who attack us foreign policy but excuse dictators and assume everything that happens is cia . 
  sure they are mostly communists when i check their profiles but i think its fairly widely held . 
  you should understand that being concerned about innocent americans on death row is you applying your morality to other societies .
