  and when we are concerned about innocent iraqis under the thumb of saddam hussein that is us applying our morality to other societies . 
  human beings are everywhere the same . 
  it is a particular strand of european thought that views itself as civilized and thinks that european-derived people are the caretakers of morality ( and most naturally capable of it ) that is part of the problem . 
  it is absolutely a value judgment to abhor something in one place but not in another . 
  the judgment is that some people are worth caring about and others not . 
  if you 're going to decide we are worth caring about that is fine , but if we decide because of your continent 's continual inability to apply the same standards worldwide that you are n't to be taken seriously about charges of ` moral relativism , ' that is also fine . 
  so often people tell me i should n't want to compare america to india , nigeria , brazil , china , etc. 
  why not ? 
  are they not people who live in large ethnically diverse societies ? 
  do they not have the same sorts of problems that america does ? 
  does america not have more in common with these newly developing societies than europe ? 
  we have been achieving our country for two hundred years and in those two hundred years all of our heinous crimes against humanity pale in comparison to civilized europe . 
  europe only became civilized when it was freed from power politics and put in the western camp . 
  i 'd like to see the pluralistic society in eu survive the next hundred years before we decide they have solved politics . 
  i frankly am not betting on the eu existing in thirty years and i would n't be surprised if in the next hundred you all have a revolution and a regime comes to power where they are quite fine with executing people . 
  your moral calculus is broken . 
  also innocent people are not getting executed 100:1 in the usa . 
  to properly do moral calculus you have to know what the facts are to begin with , you ca n't do it based on your opinion of what the facts should be . 
  also i have raised repeatedly this issue in the thread to silence : what is the state to do with a revolutionary who will continue to organize and work against the state , particularly one who has attempted a seizure of power or a coup . 
  this is not an intellectual fantasy , this has happened on more than three occasions in our last century and in each of those instances more people have died from the revolutionary regime after it seized power than have been executed in the usa over the past century . 
  in those instance the leader said : condemn me , no big deal , i will be back and run things . 
  they were let off on an amnesty , served their term , or escaped from prison . 
  could it be because those americans were on the side of applying morality universally in certain situations but then europeans came in and told them they were violating international law and they should recognize [ insert dictator here ] as the legitimate leader of such-and-such ? 
  the craziest thing in the world to me are the cries of ` moral relativism ! ', 
  here when i view that as a european-problem that was exported here to our so-called progressives ( who tolerate every abomination in the planet so long as its done by non-westerners ) . 
  edit : thanks for downvoting all my posts in this thread a few minutes ago , person . 
  for hours people respectfully read or dismissed them without clicking a button half a dozen times . 
  i am glad for your contribution to the discussion and for no doubt smugly saying to yourself ` none of this makes sense i do n't understand it ', 
  then i have deduced your nationality because the book was latin for americans . 
  did your teacher show part of a certain bbc miniseries that is awesome before every class ? 
  if so we went to the same school . 
  the one that starts off europa paene insula est ? 
  probably !, 
  there was a girl in my classes who also took spanish and that is where i picked up the spatin language . 
  unfortunately my italian is lacking and i do n't know how to produce authentic italatish . 
  the fact that numerous leaders of violent revolutions were in prison but either escaped/served their time/or were amnestied including adolf hitler ( attempted coup ) , fidel castro ( attempted coup ) , and charles taylor is evidence that sometimes prison not being so final is a major problem . 
  once someone is let free on a political amnesty and seizes control of a country you ca n't ` unamnesty them , ' but death takes care of this problem pretty much . 
  one thing i notice about all eu discussions is there is n't the slightest worry that democracy could go away or that civil war or strife could ever return to eu countries . 
  i thought spanish and italian were pretty close latin dialects . 
  spicy meatball !, 
  que horror , un norteamericano . 
  hitler was tried for the crime of treason . 
  he attempted a coup against the state . 
  he was put in a nice prison for some time and he was left off on an amnesty . 
  edit : if the germans had outlawed capital punishment and that was why they decided not to kill hitler this would be what everyone would talk about in every capital punishment debate for the next thousand years . 
  instead they just were n't that mad at him because they thought he had a good heart , that his intentions were good . 
  that he could be rehabilitated or was n't even in need of such a thing . 
  their response to him today would be the same thing : send him to prison so he can write a book . 
  usa = rome . 
  you ca n't be rome without executions . 
  everyone adopts the prohibition of the death penalty , then they adopt the latest whining about life imprisonment , then they start issuing amnesties for people involved in armed groups , and suddenly you 've got a denationalized europe swarming with people who want to cut off heads and you 've got no solution . 
  sometimes the solution to a firebrand shouting ` condemn me if you will history will absolve me , ' like old fidel castro is to * not * imprison them and hang their wicked ass . 
  of course the usa does n't use its death penalty for this but it is reason # 1 why i wo n't ever be willing to give it up . 
  the state has to be able to kill people but it should n't do so very often . 
  we will call it a universal victory for rights and developed nations if they can keep it up for a hundred years without letting some monster get away with a genocide because they did n't fry his ass . 
  people who would have been executed in america but were imprisoned/amnestied : - adolf hitler - fidel castro the funny thing is the germans could have executed hitler but they did n't want to they were just too humane even back then . 
  then the funny thing about fidel castro is it was because the usa pressured batista to let all political prisoners free . 
  so do n't think this is some wild stupid belief just because your continent went into an fantasy la-la land where threats do n't exist and the world is going to just get better and better . 
  edit : i know this is n't popular . 
  i 'm not here to proselytize capital punishment but i would like a serious response . 
  far as i know i 'm the only person who sees this as a potential problem for getting rid of capital punishment . 
  i fail to see how eu countries with their current laws could prevent fascism or another totalitarian ideology that is fine with going to prison . 
  this would be a purely intellectual exercise except for the existence of a totalitarian ideology gaining ground in europe ( the previously laughed at idea of islamo-fascism which at the very least adopts fascist methods of organization/paramilitary squads and is undeniably more totalitarian than either of the 20th century movements ) . 
  every dictatorship tries this way of thinking . 
  in cuba they say they are most democratic too . 
  it is easy to be most democratic when you ignore 2000 + years of democratic experience and make being democracy what you are already doing . 
  for instance to me a real democracy is shown by shit-posting on reddit . 
  the more people defending saddam hussein on reddit the more democratic we are . 
  what a victory for the commonwealth [ sarcasm : i do not believe it is a victory for the commonwealth ], 
  thank you for your contribution to electoral authoritarianism . 
  what do you think will happen in the next decade or so when putin comes to in-gather you ` russians ' ? 
  i hope you 're right . 
  it is bad enough he is running on the lie that america is n't great . 
  i was n't aware he was pro-putin . 
  i 'm going to spend all my time working on the campaign against trump if he becomes the republican nominee . 
  i can tell you that in the swampy southern ( geographically northern ) parts of florida he is considered messianic . 
  never seen it before . 
  it will be a tough fight and either the black bear that attacks my trash will do me in or a trump supporter . 
  i think the swiss have secret mountain redoubts but albania was more like the pill-boxes along the atlantic wall but scattered throughout all of albania . 
  i forget the amount of concrete they used but it was a ridiculous amount . 
  [ smithsonian article ] ( http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/albania-has-no-idea-what-to-do-with-all-of-these-leftover-war-bunkers-2983050/ ) [ the good wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bunkers_in_albania ) [ old bbc article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2098705.stm ), 
  i 'm very glad to see sophisticated arguments like yours after dealing with so much drivel in / r/worldnews where people seem to have thrown away their moral compass in a bid to view everything through the usa = evil prism of history . 
  if there is anything i ca n't stand at all it is people being righteous about their indifference to suffering based on it happening elsewhere and other people being oppressed ( or not as their stupid brains conceive it ) . 
  yes and it is adorable so people will often email the story to each other . 
  then it shows up on the ` most read ' list and people read it from there then decide to email the baby story . 
  it is a good overview ... http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22751415 so cute !, 
  if you guys ever , ever , ever , want to form the uk+c an + ausnz + usa super fun trade club we could work hard for a weekend and have an equivalent population to the reu ( wink wink ) and a much stronger economy . 
  no need for political integration because we already know how to be democracies and friends without sharing our coal . 
  i like to think it was laziness but you 're right about it being in addition a propaganda move . 
  they were trying to say the problem was n't the constitution but that madman lincoln and those terrible republicans who wanted to destroy it . 
  yes but do americans want a half dozen small national parties or do they want to elect someone from their area who has roots there to represent them and bring some pork n barrel home ? 
  there are serious flaws to representation in america , mostly because of the old constitution . 
  it is very true that the fptp system produces two parties and that the way we set things up people from small states have more influence then big states , and also the few large contested states assume too much importance in deciding who gets to be president ( people in miami ) . 
  dahl 's `` how democratic is the us constitution , '' is a great critical look at the flaws in our constitutional system . 
  too bad it ca n't be fixed at least constitutionally ( unless small states join together in giving up their interests ) . 
  we all ca n't live in the country with the best constitution so i settle for second best . 
  ah yes the chinese goods , often counterfeit or badly made , sold by internet resellers who take a long time to get the product to dissatisfied customers . 
  i am a dinosaur in the book trade and think i know what you mean . 
  are there a lot of these events where people snatch up the cheap consumer goods for resale ? 
  that happens here mostly on black friday ( before our holiday season ) with electronics .
