  later on i learned that saddam hussein was the butcher of millions , responsible for the desolation of his country , a single party tyrant who seized power smoking on a cigar chuckling while calling out the names of his enemies in a parliament . 
  and i think the lesson of wwii is : kill those sorts of people whenever you can . 
  we were going about things very badly in germany . 
  our sense of righteous fury was a bit much . 
  the morgenthau plan was one of the most heinous documents ever considered because it wanted to turn germany into an agrarian country . 
  it envisioned the confiscation of german industry . 
  the idea being that the problem with the treaty of versailles was that it was far too lenient and did n't do its job . 
  now i 'm glad that we did n't go about that as our post war policy but it was the result of christian realists ( niebuhr ) and good men like herbert hoover who said no this is totally wrong and against our vision of the future . 
  now of course for a project to succeed in a democracy it must be approved by a legislature and in the us congress all parties are involved in every piece of legislation nothing gets pushed through by party discipline and sheer majority . 
  so you can look at it both ways i guess as a great gift or a cynical neocolonial exercise , but if you take them seriously i really think they decided to turn the other cheek . 
  i understand that it is n't easy being allied with the usa . 
  i also agree with your characterization of many american government officials . 
  the hissy-fit from americans about the non-involvement of germany/france in attacking saddam was hysterical and i totally get resentment over that . 
  i also agree that an eu without american security umbrella is still more than a match for the russian federation . 
  in order to better share the cost of collective defense the eu might even take that fateful step and issue eurobonds backed by eurotaxes . 
  the consolidation of the eu armed forces could help the eu economy and r&d along with focusing common foreign policy . 
  if i thought the european project would actually be hurt by nato going away i 'd be against it . 
  eu integration is still pretty much the best idea around in my opinion . 
  also if i had to pick close allies its probably the anglo-world but not in any ethnic attachment sense . 
  that is my mistake i was getting my numbers from these sources : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/exports-of-goods-and-services-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html https://www.quandl.com/collections/economics/exports-as-share-of-gdp-by-country, 
  yes , we protected europe . 
  maybe you think we were worried about the russians swimming across the atlantic . 
  it was to save you guys , full stop . 
  edit : i challenge any of your countries to spend 5 % of its gdp on a foreign country . 
  i challenge any of you to rebuild a continent ( africa is available ) and spend 2.5 % of world gdp . 
  if the usa dropped nato the eu would still be a collective defense group but germany would be the wealthiest member and it would take over responsibility for collective defense of europe . 
  meaning that we could spend less on our military and maybe spend it on our own people . 
  during the greek debacle i was informed of a few things by german redditors . 
  i do not know if they are widely held revisionist opinions in germany itself . 
  they told me that : ( 1 ) the americans did n't rebuild europe ( 2 ) the marshall plan was because of fear and was a selfish action ( 3 ) the marshall plan was repaid in full by germany ( 4 ) the amount given to the greeks was more than the marshall plan . 
  they told me this on the 4th of july and it destroyed any desire on my part to even be allies let alone friends with germany . 
  unfortunately americans still believe that nato countries are our friends and allies . 
  we spent 5 % of our gdp on marshall plan , we gave germany the greatest gift in the history of the world , and i 'm fine with them doing whatever they want so long as we do n't help them anymore . 
  yes . 
  not stupid just a very bad american . 
  he is stupid if he * really * thinks we can go around making conquest pay , bringing back the imperialism . 
  i mean sure we could do what the germans did and print some republican greenback certificates and then sell them to our troops for real money , they spend them abroad , have banks in occupied country forced to accept them , have them pass the certificates up to the central bank , have the central bank hand them over the us treasury in exchange for air kisses , rinse and repeat . 
  but should we ? 
  probably not . 
  and then he wants to make it out like the central americans are coming here because they are criminals instead of fleeing the criminal gangs . 
  we smashed central america and even recently fumbled over honduras and el salvador , but in trump 's mind they are all invaders and parasites . 
  not cool !, 
  we stole this land from the indians and i really do n't like people pretending a mayan coming to the usa is somehow wrong . 
  edit : the idea being that because the usa stole this land pretty much anyone on earth should be able to move here . 
  but we should definitely give preference to people who are already in this hemisphere and we should never say that indians do n't belong here because they live in the yucatan or central america . 
  they are n't criminals for migrating from central america to usa . 
  hispanic people are n't criminals for moving to the american southwest . 
  the whole earth is for everyone and people are all the same . 
  now obviously we ca n't apply this everywhere at once but strong countries like the usa who have a civic nationalism ( empire ) certainly can . 
  there is plenty of room everyone is invited to come to the usa but especially hispanic/indigenous peoples . 
  germany is a real country with real interests and real threats and real responsibilities . 
  that is why i want them to stop being subsidized by my tax dollars and to stop hiding under mommy usa skirt and actually pull its share . 
  germany gets ~ ~ 50 + ~ ~ 45,6 % % [ see below ] of its gdp from exports . 
  they are more reliant on a well-functioning world than anyone else . 
  i absolutely adore that the adriatic is titled persian gulf because it looks similar . 
  an alternative would have been gulf of california . 
  no i am agreeing with you that the purpose of prison should be rehabilitation but that it is very bad at it . 
  for my country i would favor putting a lot fewer people in prison , lighter sentencing for non-violent offenses , and the removal of mandatory minimums . 
  thank you for some reason i had the idea they were basically mutually intelligible . 
  popular opinion turned against my spicy meatball joke . 
  i realized i did n't reply to your question about edward snowden . 
  edward snowden should not get the death sentence because while he is guilty of probably a good number of crimes i do n't feel that he is at war with the united states and i do n't feel that he adheres to our enemies . 
   `` treason against the united states shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort . 
  no person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act , or on confession in open court . 
  the congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason . '', 
  & from the new york times ( 1861 )  treason has ever been deemed the highest crime which can be committed in civil society ; since its aim is an overthrow of the government and a public resistance by force of its just powers , its tendency is to create universal danger and alarm , and on this account it has often been visited with the deepest public resentment . 
  hence , by the common law , the the punishment of high treason was accompanied by all the refinements in cruelty which were oftentimes literally and studiously executed . 
  but under the constitution of the united states the power of punishing the crime of treason against the united states is exclusive in congress ; and the trial of the offence belongs exclusively to the federal tribunals . 
  so i do n't mean the type of rabid ` jane fonda was guilty of treason , ' accusations or other john birch society nonsense . 
  there are many armed and dangerous people in the usa . 
  what if in the future a group of right wing special forces mutiny ? 
  we need it to stop the rebellion . 
  it is as vital as civilian control because it enforces it . 
  yes this is true . 
  i 'd actually like for the usa to execute less people and generally to imprison/harshly punish far fewer . 
  because i agree with almost everyone here about the nature of justice . 
  it should n't be about causing suffering or getting revenge . 
  we should n't take any joy in the great failure it represents . 
  you know ? 
  the usa is a different place from europe . 
  i 'm beginning to think we are branches on the same civilization instead of the same . 
  back when andrew jackson was president there was a group of hotheads in south carolina who thought they could nullify federal law . 
  andrew jackson must have been feeling particularly sleepy that day because he decided not to go down to charleston and hang them . 
  he considered it , mulled it over , and went to bed . 
  later in life he regretted that decision a lot . 
  eventually abraham lincoln would have to wage a war that claimed 700,000 lives in order to stop an armed rebellion . 
  if i have to pick between andrew jackson going on a hanging expedition or abraham lincoln sending armies across north america , i 'm going to go with hanging the nullifiers . 
  time and time again people come out , very open about their rebellion and intentions , and then everyone acts surprised when they succeed and carry out their long considered program . 
  maybe history is over and there are clear skies ahead . 
  i sure hope so !, 
  the american people are sovereign and free no matter how barbarous and cruel . 
  at least we are not divided and i can offer most of the defenses that pericles did in his little speech so we have that going for us . 
  being rome is n't easy but so far we 're doing okay . 
  we know that hitler used capital punishment . 
  what i am arguing is that germany ( not austria : germany ) had him in their prisons . 
  he had levied war against the state . 
  he had made an armed bid to seize power . 
  they put him in prison and he wrote a book . 
  not killing that bastard caused far more suffering for humanity than any other singular decision . 
  you can not claim that capital punishment is inherently immoral and not consider the necessity of the state to protect itself .
