   but it is not a good statistical representation of polish society for sure . 
  i 've heard they 've got a + grad delivery service . 
  there 's plenty of material science . 
  apparently some of the knowledge can be lost , e.g. 
  maybe there 's no reason for investing many military crashes . 
  i mean `` yep , it got hit with a missile '' kind of thing . 
  especially if it falls on enemy-controlled territory . 
  people on the internet * say that 10 % of motivated population is enough to start a revolution . 
  [ * ] claims completely unsourced . 
  it 's a little-green-men insurance . 
  i was sure it 's a joke , but looking at the flair i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  czechia is another name for czech republic . 
   not taking the pills would indicate at least some amount of doubt . 
  or just being a lazy person . 
  as friend-of-friend kind of thing i know about people going to czechia or sweden for abortion . 
  it 's probably googlable . 
  they had less 38 % of votes and got over 50 % of seats . 
  if it were direct democracy then yes . 
  otherwise no . 
  in indirect democracy somebody has to stop the nutjob who got a majority of seats . 
   they do n't break the law yes , they did . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  for some reason people believe that something feeling right makes it the right choice . 
  somehow they lack basic understanding of cause and effect . 
  only upper ( not lower ) silesia has any kind of separate identity . 
  area in the lower part of poland should be at least a half smaller . 
  yeah , it 's not gon na happen . 
  w is two leters v , like vv . 
  romans had only one letter for both v and u , so they wrote w for vu sound . 
  that shadow of doubt that comes with `` is that guy really that crazy ? '', 
  is a good deterrent . 
  symbolicism is all nukes are for . 
  it 's better than getting little green men . 
  he 's talking about correlation ( not causation ) . 
  there is a correlation . 
  eu laws prevent that . 
  you can register in any eu country ( including luxemburg ) and pay `` taxes '' there . 
  stalin planted these trees himself in 1940 . 
  keep in mind that people that would use just water without soap are a `` no '' . 
   major world player with 35m people ? 
  i doubt that . 
  we 're not really that big . 
   thing of the past in russia . 
  more like thing of never . 
  when was rule of law a thing in russia ? 
  you 're not talking about global warming , but sea levels rising as a result of global warming . 
  there 's a lot of ice * above * sea level , because ice floats . 
  greenland was not green during viking times . 
  ice sheet is ~ 100 000 years old . 
  it means that it have n't melted to the ground in that many years . 
  last ice age was ~ 20 000 years ago . 
  there were n't any vikings back then . 
  it 's called greenland for `` hey guys , go explore there and leave us alone '' reasons . 
  in 90s they were much friendlier and people thought we could cooperate . 
   which can be busted by the basic physics rules elaborate , please . 
   illegal way to die . 
  however morbid that is , illegal ways to die are somewhat funny . 
  the guy should have known . 
   except for your disgusting coffee . 
  never heard that . 
  what 's wrong with coffee here ? 
  any big organisation is pita when it comes to requirements . 
  there 's just too many people that want something and not enough that know what they actually want . 
  i suppose it would be safer to scream `` hail satan ! '' . 
  after all satanists do n't go around hurting people . 
  may you live in interesting times !, 
  why do n't we just allow doping ? 
  olympics would be way more interesting if it were superhuman meatmountains competing . 
  he 's making a jab at how usa treats snowden . 
  2 guns !, 
  it 's stable there * because of * sanctions . 
  if you lift them you 'll see mauripol stormed in a month . 
  i can feel solidarity with southern europeans on this issue . 
  migrants come by boats and they ca n't do too much about it ( or they 'll get fined ) . 
  germany and westerners on the other hand keep making it worse by giving incentives . 
   i would n't roam around by myself at night , but i still would n't call it unsafe . 
  i guess our definitions of `` unsafe '' differ . 
  fructose is a sugar , mostly the kind found in fruits . 
  white sock pride !, 
  i think `` sand people '' is the pc term . 
  it 's even used in movies !, 
   having a western culture . 
  european or american . 
  are you saying that black people in usa have white culture ? 
  did you mean : gaaaaay . 
  this one does n't even have any \u015b\u0107szcz !, 
  once a brit , always a brit . 
  yup . 
  just happened in poland too . 
  people are already realizing that talking about shooters increases number of school shootings . 
  would n't the same be true for attacks like this ? 
  should n't we talk only about victmis and make sure the voice of attackers is never heard ? 
  people do n't realize that if you drink anything below 36 degrees your body will have to warm it up and use energy to do this . 
  this produces heat . 
  sweating works through phase change , so as long as you drink it liquid it 's ok . 
  [ found the europa universalis player . 
  reddit is small fry , what about web search engines like google ? 
  this is plainly retarded . 
  they 'll annex us , our politicians will win elections there and ruin russia enough that it wo n't come back ever again ? 
  this is hilarious .
