  it does n't happen just like that . 
  ukraine is not officially at war . 
  that 's not ad hominem . 
  it 's pointing out that people that are for immigration are using emotionally loaded words a lot . 
  just tagging others as racists and xenophobes and shutting down all and any discussion this way . 
  but that 's a migrant magnet !, 
  that will show them !, 
  bureaucracy is the problem . 
  i think the op 's point is that polish government is a fucking mess . 
  how do you come to poland without a polish passport or a visa ? 
  they need to go though quite a bit of bureaucracy . 
  afaik they 're of polish descent , but lack necessary paperwork . 
  the big titles are one thing , but there is also a big industry of mobile and facebook games . 
  they bring quite a bit of money too . 
  calling anything `` the right thing '' is playing on emotions . 
  does any well-established analysis stand behind what you call `` the right thing '' ? 
  do n't you know that quota-settled syrians will be native russian speakers ? 
  yeah , while we have some things in common , there 's not really that many things we agree on . 
  still would be great to have a more unified opposition to the west . 
  because the last one was such a success . 
  that 5 % turnout . 
  people would cry over racist policemen killing peaceful refugees . 
  would n't russified ones go to russia ? 
  the ones i met were from kiev and further west . 
  somewhat reminds me of cities skylines . 
  this kind of sounds like a weather forecast . 
  \u017belazowa wola , the classic french village name . 
  you 've got like five in each province !, 
  they 'll just organize a huge welcome party . 
  somewhere around vienna probably . 
  i guess it takes people about 10 years to forget how shitty it was when pis was ruling . 
  there 's russia in it . 
  i guess things here are pretty crazy if this can be taken as not-satire . 
  they 'll catch down with us after they turn into a post-islamic wasteland . 
  i guess we should form an intermarium as a counterweight for all these pesky westerners . 
  it comes from depths of our hearts , nationality is not an issue . 
  i did n't believe you and checked . 
  330 thousand people . 
  wow . 
  that 's like a really big town , but not a city . 
  it 's funny how you need only one country to break sanctions ( they need a consensus ) , but only one country to lure migrants . 
  it 's a matter of precedence . 
  `` cookies are soft and sweet '' can be either `` cookies are ( soft and sweet ) '' or `` cookies are soft and cookies are sweet '' . 
  it does n't matter which is which until you use a quantifier before that , with quantifiers it becomes ambigious . 
  jow is a horrible idea , it makes elections less democratic . 
  also it will be really hard to change back once it happens . 
   i like the video because of how genuinely excited they all seem to have blown some shit up . 
  that 's just nature of man . 
  if given chance to blow shit up always blow shit up . 
  we have a long history of fighting and helping to fight for independence ( one of our mottos is translated as `` for our freedom and yours '' ) , so it could happen . 
  however there probably would be a political divide in poland , as tusk 's party probably could n't say that while he 's president of ec . 
  teutonic order said they would be gone when they beat pagans around . 
  we just had to make sure they kept their promise . 
  why do you always team up with russia . 
  give us a breath . 
  is it too poor or is it too pork & w\u00f3dka ? 
   no one in their right mind thought that these guys had any power . 
  you believe in people too much . 
  there are people who actually fell for nigerian prince scams . 
  it was really easy for us to grow fast after 1990 , because relatively to western europe we started with practically nothing . 
  maintaining growth is the hard part . 
   we had a lot of growth from 1990-2004 and  it 's easy to have huge growth when you started with practically nothing . 
  soviet , not russian . 
  ussr was much larger and had different priorites than today 's russia . 
  i do n't think we 're the ones to speak such things . 
  crimea river . 
  sometimes we just do n't remember them . 
  if you drink and bike you are a danger on the road . 
  less than a car , but i 've seen a few swerving cyclists in my life . 
  i 'd rather avoid the mess of running over a drunk . 
  all and any measurement has uncertainity . 
  if you had a perfect measuring device and limit of exactly 0 nobody could drive , because there are trace amounts of ethanol produced as a metabolic by-product in human body . 
  these limits are made with uncertainity in mind . 
  bloody brits . 
  can you sign us up too ? 
  and there 's no drunk drivers in england . 
  they 're all under the limit !, 
  it even has a strong arm to lift things !, 
  if it 's disputable you hire an appriser . 
  probably there are some hired by the goverment . 
  it 's 10 % of value by law here . 
  no deals needed . 
  i ca n't say i remember anyone doing that . 
  we do n't want to get associated with russians . 
  three or four years ago it was like -20 c for two months . 
  it 's rather variable . 
  ate pierogi this week . 
  can confirm . 
  i wonder why it 's not stereotypical for us to eat schabowy , i ate like three this week . 
  sure , just stand in a queue over there . 
  here we make cheap [ pasztet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p%c3%a2t%c3%a9 ) from them . 
  basically , we we eat what comes out from that grinder . 
   `` the cashier kept her head and told him to rejoin the queue , '' said agnieszka wlodarska from the warsaw police . 
  `` she then called the police . ''  the man , who has not been named owing to reporting restrictions , apparently followed the cashier 's instructions and sat down with other people waiting to be served . 
  a brit ca n't resist a queue . 
  yeah . 
  we even have a slight inferiority complex towards czech when we 're not laughing at their language . 
  public debt is n't only a bad thing and in the grand scheme of things poland has relatively low debt to gdp ratio ( less than iirc 55 % by law ) . 
  ireland has ~ 120 % and japan ~ 235 % and they 're not doing that bad ( japan 's problems are related to demography , not budget ) . 
  also as debt to gdp ratio is what matters , take a look : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/government-debt-to-gdp ( set to max ) .
