  if you distilled its essence it could easily be a part of a monty python sketch . 
  especially the part in the middle . 
  it 's against agreements with russia to sell us gas back . 
  that 'd be cheaper than what we currently get . 
  only if you live in a happy place . 
  time to reinstitute janissars for fight against isis . 
  two brids , one stone !, 
  there was n't a russia back in 1400 . 
  edit : kievan rus was a part of lithuania and muscovy is less of an ancestor of russia . 
  explain why i 'm wrong before you downvote . 
  we tip our fedoras to this gentleman . 
  i just do n't get it how child protection service ca n't just take these kids away . 
  how is criminal education negligience not enough ? 
  they 're effictively condemning them to lifetime of poverty and crime . 
  pfft . 
  we hit 39 this summer . 
  country of polan can not yet , but we building underground rockets to run away from russia and germoney . 
   i also have noticed spanish here ordering 1 beer for the whole night i 've never heard of the fabled `` just one beer '' actually happening . 
  this is shocking . 
  at least it 's not being born french . 
  just anything that happened before ( or went into decline with ) industrial revolution is inversly correlated with global warming . 
  bonus points for mini ice ages in 1650s and 1770s . 
  statistically spanish inquisition is inversly correlated with global warming . 
  you need a deeper look into things to speak of causation . 
  it 's a very competetive field . 
  a lot of stress and little compensation . 
  is there anything that prevents national governments from legistlating more strict network neturality ? 
  you could always request such thing from mama merkel . 
  teutonic order much ? 
  ca n't blame them . 
  it sounds kind of like pasztet . 
  it 's great . 
  it 's pretty metal at least . 
  it 's the place where they gather all the dead people . 
  bring back dziady !, 
  replace catholicism with islam and read that again . 
  and do what with them ? 
  send them to work in uk ? 
  they 're not vowels though , besides \u0105\u0119\u00f3 . 
  just get the ouija board . 
  almost . 
  we do n't have any long vowels . 
  you 're just closeted about them . 
  you still speak them , only pretend not to . 
  they think putin killed the other kaczy\u0144ski . 
  this wo n't happen . 
  kukiz is all for reducing their own power ( the whole single constituency thing ) . 
  in 70 years people will be suing papers for writing about ukrainian death camps ? 
  his cat told him to go bold right away . 
  it 's not 2/3 of absolute majority , so if there are some people absent it could technically happen . 
  with this kind of majority they could amend constitution to impose theocracy . 
  i 'm not saying they will , but it 's the kind of power they 'll have . 
  unless pis amends constitution to institute theocracy . 
  their hard-won right as holders of absolute majority in sejm . 
  crown jesus as the king of poland . 
   hopefully this lesson will last . 
  people have already forgotten what life during last pis government was like . 
   psl may not get into sejm i 'd be very surprised . 
  palikot is fine as long as he does n't get any real power . 
  he lightens up the mood . 
  it means more seats for pis then . 
  jews happened / s, 
  you can close loopholes . 
  you can tax property instead of income . 
  there are options . 
  we 're getting fair bit of people from ukraine . 
  france has 70 % tax on the richest and i do n't see them crumbling to dust . 
  you just need to close loopholes and they 'll either pay through rises for poor people or taxes . 
  giving money to the poor is what makes economy grow , because they spend it as they get it . 
  giving money to the wealthy only lets them speculate more which produces no goods at all . 
  germans are great at setting up camps and providing work for their inhabitants after all . 
  it 's not changing subject , it 's saying that at least 3/4 of them are motivated by greed . 
  they 're going to rob me !, 
  oh wait , i 'm not getting half a million yearly . 
   nearly all syrian so , like a quarter of migrants ? 
  just sprinkle a fair amount of trivia and you can get a serious conversation going . 
   or maybe they were drunk , but i did n't notice . 
  you 're talking like you do n't know how to drink . 
  if people notice you 're drunk you 've already lost . 
  i think most people do n't want refugees not because of race , but because of religion . 
  islam has a really bad opinion here . 
  moderate ? 
  what . 
  they tried to ban abortion in case of rape . 
   some people have the right to rule and others does n't it could be just one person , like the cult of pi\u0142sudzki . 
   makes the masturbation and preservatives ban illogical . 
  any kind of joy and pleasure is sinful . 
  pls repent . 
  200 000 is peanuts compared to what is happening right now . 
  such is life, 
  just make more babies, 
   but their hard-left economical views steered me out of it with number of seats they 're going to get ( if any ) they wo n't be able to do much about this part of their political program . 
  a voice to be heard about social liberties is a good thing imo . 
  cons for kukiz : single member constituencies are a retarded idea that leads to two-party parliment and it hurts democracy a lot . 
  it is a matter of security and peacekeeping . 
  and i accuse un of being unresponsible bunch of do-nothing fuckwits . 
  for once there is an issue that russia , us or china wo n't veto on and they still ca n't do anything . 
  asking here gives a lot of bias towards people who use reddit , which is not exactly popular in non-english speaking countries . 
  demographic that uses internet this way might have vastly different preferences to typical person . 
  asking on the internet might not give accurate results .
