  to add to the others , afaik there 's a clause in the contract forbidding you from reselling to us . 
  especially as it would be cheaper for us to do so , even if you marked up price quite a bit . 
  do n't let them fool you . 
  the result product of this reaction is dihydrogen monoxide , which * is * a greenhouse gas . 
  until you realize people will still wear socks with their sandals , even though that they 're otherwise nude . 
  mosaic , mosaic everywhere . 
  one is closely related to the other . 
  you build up tolerance after time . 
  it tastes nowhere near as close to life as coffee does . 
  i do n't know about other poles , but i have a strong resolve to complain about poland no matter the government , economy or whatever else . 
  still not as versatile as `` kurwa '' . 
  if the small minority is n't stopped it does n't matter that it 's small . 
  you only need to be harassed once or twice to feel unwelcome . 
  i too want wroc\u0142aw out of this madness . 
  this place does ring a bell . 
  it just screams of jolly cooperation . 
  they control bosphorus , which is crucial to containing russian black sea fleet . 
  he 's a different kind of beast . 
  paranoia vs narcissism . 
   you do n't know my goals . 
  i gave you benefit of doubt that you 're not just an internet troll , which is the only reason why you could want to write emotional messages and without having a goal of being understood . 
   people reacting emotionally in here and then attacking me for being emotional are hypocrites . 
  i could n't care less . 
  i 'm not talking to them . 
   i do n't feel the need or duty to change anybody 's mind . 
  so , why are you posting at all ? 
   that 's not true everywhere , in the us and some countries speech like this is perfectly allowed if there is not immediate threat of violence . 
  that 's description of what `` banning hate speech '' entails , without saying where or if it applies . 
   all your doing is demanding people use the words you like . 
  that 's not me demanding anything , it 's the people from the article . 
  being for status quo is not demanding anything at all . 
   what the hell are you talking about here ? 
  that a desired property of law ( and that includes customs ) is that it 's reasonably parametric , so subsituting one group of people for another in its text wo n't make you anxious for its consequences . 
  that law is supposed to be for * everyone * and not only your in-group . 
  are you saying this standard is still too high ? 
  words are cheap . 
  that way i support fight with global warming , even though i commute to work by car . 
  60 vs 65 in poland . 
   look at the insane reactions here . 
  whataboutism . 
   why would people me ignore me when i speak emotionally ... generally that 's what people without solid arguments do and that 's how people treat emotional reactions in debates . 
   and why are you attacking the way i speak , while decrying this form of censorship . 
  i 'm not saying not to do that , only that it 's counter-productive for your goals . 
   then the listen to students , and then they become autocrats . 
  i am extremely wary of any group who claims to have monopoly on being just . 
  this has never ended well in all of history . 
  in the end my biggest ( but not only ) problem with the policy that it 's not generic enough and targets specific group . 
  hate speech as a concept is very simple and applies to everyone . 
  nazis ca n't say you deserve to die , but also ( in theory ) you ca n't say that nazis have to die as well . 
  this is good because you never know when you 're going to be labeled the bad guy by a rabid bunch . 
  this is specifically about being for non-men . 
  how 'd you feel if groups in it were reversed and it called for using `` gentleman 's agreement '' to be more inclusive for men ? 
  that kind of problem does n't exist for hate speech , if you take two groups `` everyone '' and `` everyone '' and swap them it 's still the same . 
  * that * is what equality is about . 
   8 \u00a7 who lays with a mentally ill woman , shall be sentenced to four years in the punishment room . 
  once upon a time , `` do n't sick it in crazy '' was a law . 
  you are being too emotional . 
  nobody is going to listen to messages written like this . 
  i 'm not saying what you wrote is not true , but also it 's not a good argument . 
  autocratic people often say that you do n't have to be afraid and then prove it wrong . 
  so , restricting hate speach is no go , but disciplinary action for saying `` mankind '' is okay ? 
   so you fine with banning radical speakers ? 
  if they 're advocating violence and claiming that all jews should be killed ? 
  yeah , i am . 
   suggestion now it 's a suggestion , tomorrow it 's `` racist '' to not use that and day after that it 's law . 
   more inclusive it 's also more orwellian . 
   banning ideas like you seem to be advocating not sure where you get that . 
  it 's not `` radical muslisms '' ban , but `` extremist speakers '' . 
  hate speech is not a good thing . 
   towards more equality it 's not more equality , it 's echo-chamber word-wanking . 
  what if it was a group of people who decided that words refering to wealth were bad and decided to ban all of them ? 
  there 's no more `` wealth of knowledge '' , that 's anti-poor people !, 
  or maybe we should ban the term `` black gold '' , because there 's word `` black '' in it ? 
  why are they concerned about what letters the words are made of ? 
  should n't they care about meanings of words instead ? 
  it 's about shifting [ overton window ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overton_window ) , not explicitely immidiately disallowing certain ideas . 
  it 's the long-run goal . 
  good luck stopping any invading saracens from coming through the windows . 
  just heating that would be enough to put a lot of people in the red . 
  if you 're doctoring photos for agenda reasons you 're not going to bother with copyright anyway . 
  and i 'm pretty sure there 's already a law against saying that you 're esa and `` the following is true '' publicly . 
  i do n't get where you got that . 
  typically people do n't mean the most extreme interpretation of what they 're writing . 
  and the context is that nasa 's materials * are * in public domain . 
  it 's almost as if you can turn everything into absurd if you take it too far . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it 's funded by my money as well , i feel that i should have the legal right to use it as my mixtape 's cover . 
  i find it weird that things funded by public money are n't in , you know , public domain . 
  if `` they '' are the rich fucks and `` the other side '' is everyone else then yeah , the other side has no means for something like that . 
  to provide funding for gay orgies , of course . 
  you 've got a point . 
  it 's morally indefensible , but it would solve the problem by disincentivising this kind of behavior . 
  just enough to not cut myself with superior yuropean langmesser . 
  for me the funniest part is how his stance is ridiculous and the plan he describes would not work by any chance . 
  even if he stabbed a guy he could n't rotate the blade like that without you know ... pulling it out . 
  not sure about other countries , but at least georgia is seen as being opressed by russia . 
  that gives plenty of sympathy . 
  just depressing and vulgar . 
  goddamn poles ruined poland . 
  i 've got a bad feeling that if anything happens to him macierewicz would fill the gap .
