recently pgnig told gazprom that it needs all the gas it can get , 100 % of the contract which is an absurd amount of gas . 
  gazprom could n't do it and it lost credibility . 
  it 's a good situation for us negotiate lower prices , because gazprom ca n't hold their side of contract . 
  everything takes time in eu . 
  it 's too soon to say that eu is inactive about it . 
  just did n't have time to move yet . 
  oh right . 
  they just got up and said `` we 're russia now '' . 
  not like unmarked russian milititary came and occupied the region . 
  there were female kings in history . 
  it 's a different position . 
  if people could form countries at will then what stops rich regions separating from poor regions ? 
   but it 's not like the azov battalion will try to invade poland once the conflict in ukraine is over . 
  i do n't think it 's a valid argument . 
  it 's not like talibans are going to fly a plane in the building after afghan war in the eighties . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying they 're bad . 
  i 'm just saying there 's a lot of potential for angry people . 
  some countries are very unhappy when it comes to * any * nazi imaginery . 
  i imagine a lot of people would be angry about it at least in germany and poland . 
  it is our exclusive right . 
  from what i 've heard , lithuanians are n't very happy about the commonwealth . 
  somebody is trying to stir controversy , when there is n't one . 
  there 's almost no poles in this region now . 
  it 's more of a kek in this case really . 
  putin is angry , because he thoght the soviet reunion plans would be easier to accomplish . 
  how dare you resist ? 
  like when you need to become a male hooker to pay child support ? 
  he 's trying to please two sides at the same time . 
  now he 's bashing russia , next he 's bashing eu . 
  but it 's from 2013 . 
  it will be interesting to see what figures for 2014 look like . 
  it 's probably posturing for the public . 
  just like estonia case . 
  microsoft bought them , they did n't have a say . 
  whoever sold the company is responsible . 
  they had android phones in works just before microsoft acquisition , but obviously ms scrapped them . 
  i think they had a chance if they did n't sell to ms. 
  i think it might be related to high homogenity of population , all minorities are tiny . 
  it 's ruskie like ru\u015b not rosja , it would be rosyjskie otherwise . 
  if it were a kindergarten then yes , that 's what you do . 
  military strong-arming is n't sustainable or desirable . 
  putin is a danger to stability of our region and china is not . 
  currently it 's not the time to play from high moral ground . 
  it 's a pragmatic move . 
  if moldova can get better terms in eu agreement then it 's only rational for them to do so . 
  perhaps if russia had something more profitable to offer . 
  where were these slavic tribes ? 
  not in austria or ottoman empire . 
  people migrated over time . 
  so sub-human in the commonwealth . 
  poland had like five lives already . 
  how much they had in reserves ? 
  wo n't last more than a year at this pace . 
  probably much less . 
  probably ca n't be called to a draft . 
  might pose problems if you decide to go on vacation to crimera or something . 
  as far as i understand we 've got a handful of great soldiers for expedition force , but besides that military is in a rather shaky state . 
  only hot water . 
  that 's why you only put cold water in a kettle . 
  somehow we 're relatively sober . 
  russia promised things in budapest memorandum . 
  does n't seem like they value promises highly . 
  not sure about other sanctions , but if putin got travel ban he would n't be able to fly here and lie to eu leaders in person . 
  except ferries ca n't move too many turists to crimea and back . 
  they 're busy transporting food already . 
  to be honest , i would n't be very upset if higher silesia wanted independence . 
  when we 're getting integration through eu the degree of separation of countries matters less . 
  there should be no non-elected bodies that have as much power as ec . 
  any place where bombs are n't dropping looks like a great place in times of war . 
  it is , i just forgot which one i 'm using mid-sentence . 
  perhaps if you can win them back they will be the most useful enemies of radical islam . 
  if only you could slice it in half and move people according to their opinion . 
  strange , i thought west generally recognizes palestine . 
  it was dpr and lpr who signed the ceasfire and dpr breaking it . 
  probably with putin behind the scenes . 
  the problem is that rebels do n't control themselves . 
  edit : use consistent naiming for dpr . 
  there 's plenty people who do n't see this as an obstacle to 180 km/h though !, 
  just call it secular roman empire and all will be great . 
  serious answer would be that federalization together with slicing countries into 10-20m parts would be great imo . 
  i think it 's how italians speak with italians anyway . 
  my guess would be somewhere among the syrian crowd . 
  she buys cream that is made 100 % of cream . 
  i 'm not even making that up !, 
   things like ( ... ) cream oh god , my mother-in-law does this so much . 
  cream in everything . 
  i can understand cream in barszcz and chicken broth , but there 's always cream in chicken gravy , pan mushrooms and do n't get me started on cream in goddamn bigos . 
  it 's difficult to find an old person that is n't obese here . 
  it 's all babuszki and beer bellies . 
  either we get fat with age a lot or postcommunist people ca n't stop eating . 
  i 'm simply calling your bluff . 
  there 's not a part of udhr that applies to this . 
  even if it were you would n't know , because you 're pulling things out of thin air . 
  please point me to a specific part of the declaration that is applicable as i 'm not quite well-versed in it . 
  do you know where to find documents to prove your grandparents ' citizenship ? 
  i would n't know . 
  especially if i was in mauripol and there were shells flying into the city . 
  it 's not that easy to get an asylum . 
  you do n't just go and say `` hi , i 'm from ukraine , give me asylum '' . 
  you need paperwork and specifically paperwork on your parents/grandparents/grandgrandparents if you 're going to say `` well , i 'm kind of polish so please let me in more than the rest of them '' .
