  that 's ignorant !, 
  please stay in moscow , it will make shooting all of you easier . 
  the one and only , crabimir putin . 
  if your russians are faulty you should file a return . 
  they fought on their own side . 
   well that should have nothing to do with the political relationship . 
  popular support is important when it comes to democratic political games . 
  the reality is that it influences relationships . 
  there 's still a lot to do on polish side of it . 
  soviets were as much agressors as germans were . 
  it 's true . 
  however something has to be done about perception of romania by poles . 
  there 's still this romanian = gypsy thing going on . 
  i never understood why russians host them in first place . 
  if germany does n't host them then russia should n't as well . 
  i think there should be a push to get rid of powerful lobbyists . 
  in my area tesco is worse than auchan or carrefour when it comes to big markets and loses on being close to lidl . 
  someone somewhere failed something very hard . 
  ten years ago tesco was ahead by a large margin . 
  i know of no stabbings in poland . 
  you must close your eyes better . 
  i wonder if you overlaid gdp map you could say that money correlates with cancer . 
  you goofed up , it 's not three fiddy . 
  that 's `` przyzwoitka '' in poland . 
  it 's not even one hellen of ships . 
  according to wikipedia 5 out of 11 noted cases of blood alcohol content over 1 % ( that 's % , not \u2030 ) were from poland . 
  you 're right , i felt something was off . 
  it does n't help you 're holandia in polish . 
  that half was contracted to a ~ ~ netherland ~ ~ dutch company . 
  jan pawe\u0142 ii protect us from heineken pls . 
  i do n't think nazis are remembered for their left-wing policies the same way hitler is n't remembered for his vegetarianism . 
  you can die from exhaustion if you use it for a few consecutive days . 
  happened to one guy who was bicycling for two days straight . 
  in the land of beer and atheism ? 
  plenty of people . 
  gorole pls, 
  starting from scratching our eyes out , more like . 
  surprise zabory . 
   famous salmiakki koskenkorva , better known as salmiakkikossu or salmari , which is salmiakki-flavored . 
  that 's a way to hate yourself . 
  the problem with nuclear power is that up-front costs are huge . 
  it 's much more costly to build a nuclear powerplant of equal power than a coal one , even if it 's cheaper in the long run . 
  i do n't think it would be statistically significant . 
  i 'm okay with statistically insignificant leeching . 
  that 's not a particularly convincing argument . 
  oh come on , that 's just paranoid . 
  people have an internal need to work . 
  also you do n't really need money to murder and rape and bomb people . 
  buying nitrate at your gardener 's shop is beggar 's money . 
  unless you 're earning much more than median wage it would n't affect your taxes much . 
   i said they had the same opportunities as you and me , not the same lives . 
  if you have to only learn and not do bunch of other stuff it 's way easier , you do n't need that much motivation . 
  i 'd be a fastfood worked if i had to go through all the stuff people i know did . 
  the thing with basic income is not that it 's all of income , only part of it , replacing all of current benefits . 
  unemployed get money , but employed people get both basic income and a wage , putting an incentive for employers to make jobs less shitty . 
  being able to not work for a few months and look for work makes for a better job market than having to work all the time or starving to death . 
  the idea that people wo n't work if they 're given money is spurious . 
  ask people who are unemployed , it 's a hell of boredom . 
  people have an inner drive to be useful , only a minimal fraction of people would use it to not work and they wo n't make good employees anyway . 
   they have every opportunity you and i have had dunno about you , but i did n't have to take care of two younger sisters and work part-time in summer . 
  also did n't have to deal with emotionally exhausting parents . 
  this stuff adds up . 
  there is a reason why the best indicator of kids ' future income is income of parents . 
   a communist revolution can also be solved by bullets not only that 's an appaling view it also does n't work , see 80s in warsaw pact . 
  the only country where it keeps working is dprk and that 's not a place where i 'd like to live . 
   it 's simply supply and demand that 'd be fine if you could change qualifications overnight . 
  also there are less and less meaningful jobs to do every year . 
  currently there is a bubble of bullshit jobs ( that create almost no value ) in telemarketing , retail and recruitment , but it 's going to burst ( or be automated ) sooner or later and you 'll end up with plenty of people without a job . 
  in today 's world there 's less jobs for uneducated people than people willing to do them and something needs to be done if you want to avoid a bloody communist revolt in twenty years . 
   and yeah , of course public infrastructure is just subsidies , what the fuck did you expect ? 
  that 's privatization of profits and nationalization of costs . 
  pick one or the other . 
   a business , on the other hand , ca n't force people into anything ever heard of monopolies ? 
   why does there have to be a war ? 
  because there 's a built-in incentive to fuck employees over . 
  minimization of costs and maximization of profits ends that way . 
  companies that exploit employees will perform better than those that do not and drive out the competition . 
  any public infrastructure turns out to be subsidising companies skewing the system against workers . 
  paying the same percentage of tax does n't mean paying the same tax when you take monthly costs into consideration , that 's one of reasons why vat is a regressive tax . 
  imagine a delivery company , where trucks deliver goods to people . 
  let 's simplify that the company consists only of truck drivers and a company owner . 
  why should they all pay equal tax for road maintainance ( truckers vs owner ) when they do n't share equal profit ? 
  the money does not come from from nowhere . 
  people who got net money ( paying less in tax than they get ) would be offset by those who pay more taxes . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  only 72 % in russia ? 
  what is this , western propaganda ? 
  tavarish putin deserves your 110 % . 
  gib back to polan . 
  it 's more historically accurate . 
  it 's never enough . 
  they 're a great filling for pierogi . 
  this day is no gold , only bigos . 
  anyone seen waterworld ? 
  i 'm not thrilled to be german either . 
  that 's an immanent quality of a banana republic . 
  they pay their costs ( e.g. 
  salaries , buildings ) in poland , that 's right , but profits do n't stay here . 
  it goes without saying . 
  pis and realism do n't mix .
