  judges never undestand when i tell them that . 
  flaczki , og\u00f3rkowa , kapu\u015bniak , \u017curek ... yeah , there 's a lot of soups that deserve more attention . 
  this might depend on person 's native language . 
  ati , nasa , esa and many local things like zus , nik etc. 
  are always words in polish . 
  stereotypes come from long before they immigrated . 
  in stereotypes muslim = arab or turk . 
  stereotypes might be a bit different than in uk . 
  here nobody would ever associate `` asian '' with pakistan or india , only china , japan and korea . 
  maybe mongolia a bit . 
  stereotype of an african is somebody from nigeria who you ca n't find in a dark room . 
  stereotype of a muslim is a brown guy in white robes and a turban . 
  everywhere will be to the left of britain if you warp definition of `` everywhere '' like you warp definition of `` europe '' . 
  edit : also uk is the only european country to get a blm protest . 
  i 'm pretty sure greece was fit to join eu , just not the eurozone . 
  much of southern europe is rather right-wing . 
  balkans and greece ( they currently seem to be in a pretty weird mix of left and right ) especially . 
  besides them , central europe , france , germany and sweden there 's not really that many more countries in europe . 
   it 's politically far more right-wing is it , really ? 
  as much i 'm personally against it , most of countries that are n't germany , france and sweden are n't really to the left of britain . 
  i 'd take that over kaczy\u0144ski . 
  in our case it 's just your typical power struggle / war . 
  for so many years the objective was to control the most number of people and soil . 
  being angry at each other is secondary . 
  in semitic region it 's about religion and racism , which concerns individuals . 
  that was a prototype . 
  you 'll get jesus arms-race soon enough . 
  jesus predicted that polan will into space . 
  that 's some next-level bordergore . 
  [ somewhere between 4 % and 6 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_employment ) . 
  in silesia all is coal . 
  roof is coal , road is coal , food is coal . 
   conservative christian social values & nbsp ;  1 . 
  ( politics ) political ideologies opposing political and social equality , especially conservative , traditional and/or reactionary politics they 're not neoliberal , which is us-style right-wing , but they 're definitively european-style conservative socialists , which is a [ right-wing thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-wing_socialism ) . 
  i 've seen them at hardware stores in gardening sections and there 's also hatchets there . 
  i have no idea about czechia , but in most counties it 's pretty legal to buy and own sharp swords , which would be more dangerous than a typical machette . 
  they pretend there are other reasons , but the simple one is that people with higher education are less likely to be for a populist right-wing party . 
  and judges belong to that group . 
  suddenly i want to join brexit . 
  down with the pants !, 
   i also hope they will vote more wisely on the next elections . 
  the people on the streets are not the people who voted for them . 
  their electorate lives in a siege mentality and all of this is fight of righteous government against the evil bolsheviks on the streets for them . 
  that 's uk english , not eu english . 
  get on with the times . 
  a land without ananas on pizza is a land without hope . 
  only until you get labor shortage . 
  there 's some people who move pernamently to uk or germany , but there 's many people who send part of money back home ( e.g. 
  husband working for few months in another country or for a few weeks on contract ) . 
  better roads and other infrastructure is * very * important for local business . 
  it 's not like it 's for show only . 
  it affects transportation of goods , cross-city business etc. 
  there 's also a class of companies ( e.g. 
  construction ) that can outsource workers over the border . 
  all of this rises competition for western countries , but it 's a positive-sum deal , economies together end up bigger than alone . 
  inequality is always a problem , but we 're not doing worse than other countries in that matter . 
  per capita we 're not getting more money than other eastern eu countries . 
  it 's just the cold , hard truth of capitalism . 
  freedom of movement of labor is one of core principles of the single european market and it 's going to work only for people who use it . 
  eu development funds are there to help develop poorer regions and at least here i ca n't really go ten kilometers without seeing a `` financed by eu funds '' sign . 
  it 's not that the rich european countries are doing nothing to help . 
  itt : turn back ye brave soul who came to read comments here . 
  do you expect putin to stop landgrabbing satellite states if the west was to stop all sanctions and actions against russia ? 
  was n't the west and russian relations warming up around the time south ossetia got `` protected '' ? 
  i 'm not downvoting anyone and you 're repeating yourself for the third time with something orthogonal to the issue here . 
  your replies seem to mostly ignore what i 'm saying to put up your own point , so do n't be surprised that people will get tired of that . 
  it 's not just the fish sticks , that 's just an example . 
  and the problem is not the ability to sell shitty fishsticks , but selling them as the same brand as non-shitty fishsticks elsewhere , which is misleading . 
  it 's about misleading customers by using the same trade mark to sell a different product . 
  the fact you 're getting the worse quality ones does n't mean that i should be okay with getting them . 
   goods have to contain what 's on the label . 
  how do i compare label from what i 've got here to the label you 've got over in germany ? 
  not to mention that not everything is listed in % contained . 
   if you do n't like it , buy something else . 
  i would if i could . 
  often there 's no competing products to be bought . 
  only until it becomes a starship in 29th century . 
  under the same exact label ? 
  it should and that 's what the fuss is about . 
  if they label it `` fishdicks : europoor edition '' it 's fine , but do n't pretend we 're getting the same thing for higher price , while getting something worse . 
  i 've seen enough `` non-violent '' internet communits ( and these were n't tankies ) preaching to hang all the `` bad '' people after revolution hapens . 
  they 're about as calm as right-wing facists . 
  extremism sucks . 
  if we were allied they 'd probably find a reason why poles should n't be on the shit list after all . 
  would n't help the jews , who were a big part of the population though . 
  a shitty deal , but a deal . 
  how is then  exactly . 
  hitler knew that if he invaded france or uk , then poland would honor the alliance and attack him . 
  that 's why he attacked us first , but there was no help for us from france and uk . 
  wrong ? 
  especially enough for :  now stfu, 
  declaring a war is different from participating in a war . 
   we were talking about western europe . 
  so , the previous also does n't apply to imigrants ? 
  specifically ,  practices of a religion that is thousands of years old wo n't really change that much in 80 years . 
  & nbsp ;  christianity lost its hold on politics in that amount of time . 
  it still has a pretty big influence on politics in poland . 
  having polish citizenship would have been difficult back then , considering that poland did n't exist . 
  by that criterium she had no chance to be polish at all , only russian or german if she did n't move . 
  japanese often drink their liquor warm .
