  before 1996 it was even higher !, 
   all it would do is escalate the issues except this line of thinking does not work . 
  we did n't get anti-missiles installed here , so russia would n't get angry . 
  what do you get ? 
  georgia and then ukraine . 
   besides that this would be pretty much the end of civilization anyway ... 
  i do n't see how chinese would get drawn into this . 
  we were the second nation in the world to have a constitution after usa , helped them fight for independence and generally hate commies ( they did bad things to us ) . 
  also we have some religious freaks . 
  that 's not w\u00f3dka , bimber . 
  also these cars are running on 96 % alcohol apparently , which same as spirytus for culinary uses . 
  pls no invade , potato is not oil . 
  economy is trick . 
  something something as old as humanity . 
  it was n't tolerance and inclusivness , but weakness of the crown and szlachta fucking up everything around . 
  opinion as old as humanity . 
  when were people fond of immigrants ? 
  afaik they want to make vysehrad group more important and we 're the biggest guy in it . 
  please stop !, 
  before putin sends vacationers to save the opressed russian minority here !, 
   i guess it works the way that legislators wants . 
  if you wanted to go for an overhaul of the whole tax system then yes , but it 's a far bigger thing than what they promise to do . 
  not just that . 
  story on how the system works in principle is such : in the begining there was no currency , 0 z\u0142otych . 
  nobody could pay for anything and so nbp printed money . 
  but who should get it now ? 
  the conutry ca n't just sit on money and wait . 
  so it gave low-percentage loans to banks , so they could borrow money to companies to finance investments . 
  and now companies need to earn money form other companies ( indirectly , mostly ) to pay their debts . 
  but now , there 's not enough money on the market to pay the loans with the interest !, 
  so nbp prints a little bit more money and loans it again . 
  borrowing rates and rate of printing money let it control inflation and a few other things . 
  that 's true , but it 's not how tax free threshold works . 
  lowering vat would be probably better as it 's regressive tax ( affects poorer people more ) . 
   not extremely religious - check i guess people have vastly different opinions on that matter and it influences policies a lot . 
  and you guys pretend not to be german . 
  it would n't look far from what would be ch\u0159\u0119\u015b\u0107 though . 
  it could make typographical mistakes worse . 
  i mean \u017a\u017c is bad enough , \u015b\u0161 \u0107\u010d would be even more confusing . 
   the change could help book publishers save on paper idk m8 thr r many w8s to s8v ppr though i agree , using z to change sounds seems like a weird hack . 
  i 'd expect that kind of thing from magyars . 
  it 's just a joke . 
  it 's not meant to be of any factual accuracy . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  aladdin disagrees !, 
  we 've got \u017c & \u017a , so \u017e is not needed . 
  rz is used on its own right . 
  i mean , for example if a word has r in some form ( dobry ) then you 'll use rz in its other forms ( dobrze ) , but if you 've got g ( ksi\u0119ga ) then you 'll use \u017c ( ksi\u0105\u017cka ) . 
  there 's list of letters for both rz and \u017c for this `` exchange '' . 
  obviously there are exceptions to this rule . 
  what 's wrong with trousers ? 
  even if you try to turn this into a gender issue , many women wear trousers . 
  the right kind of stonings . 
  so , you trying to continue the work of claiming that some austrians were germans ? 
   except the fact that ms. curie was polish i think it might be somehow relevant . 
  i do n't know how , i 'm not an expert on these things . 
  is n't she a politician already ? 
  acceptance of homosexuality is older than rejection of it . 
  in ancient cultures it was okay to be gay . 
  they did n't really distinguish this until rennesaince or so . 
  what 's wrong with oktoberfest ? 
  yeah . 
  i know that one guy with an alfa that stays more in the workshop than on streets . 
  these statistics are usually very biased . 
  i agree . 
  people glorify the startups fad too much . 
  i guess usual companies just make less interesting headline material . 
  it 's summer . 
  you can go pick cherries in germany for 10 eur/h . 
  many people do this as seasonal work here . 
  the great leader will carry them himself . 
  there are a few moderate-speed trains already , yeah . 
  this post was mostly a joke . 
  you have n't seen a granny running for the free seat in a bus , to put her bag on it . 
  just give us money to do that . 
   train cruise speed will range from 200 to 150 kmh as far as i remember . 
  not when it gets to poland . 
  20 kph tops . 
  these are shot glasses . 
  remember that ec president is polish . 
  he 'd have to pay taxes though . 
   warsaw  russian empire while i know it 's how it was at the time , i ca n't help , but feel angry right now . 
  was n't poland 's unemployment rate in 20 % s in 90s ? 
  yeah , a septa , like the tiber septim !, 
  i too do n't see the point of going to africa instead of europe , but :  sandy beaches  plenty in croatia oh come on . 
  that 's right , but poland should change its laws because they 're against freedom of conscience . 
  your face looks like heineken tastes . 
  if a polish man married a british girl who gave birth to anonymous-donor in-vitro baby the situation would be similar . 
  except for the fact that they could probably convince the institutions that he is the father , which would be a fraud . 
  aaand it 's just the french doing it . 
   it 's just assumed regarding every state-funded ( or eu-funded ) construction here there 's so much in common between our nations !, 
  glowing balls ? 
  you 'd think that sweden would be all over it already . 
  that 's what they do in the way of kings . 
  east of us this time please . 
  that 's 2000 calories per 40 km . 
  this is about 800 grams of pork . 
  they eat less or gain weight . 
  you burn calories by walking . 
  to make a kilogram of pork you 're going to need 6 tonnes of water .
