  for eu the need to keep everyone together outweights by far the need to have good economic relations with uk . 
  you may be 17 % of nominal gdp of eu , but the rest of countries is well , you know , 83 % . 
  i just do n't want anyone to bother me . 
  why are you ringing my doorbell , you brats ? 
  we all know that russians can not occupy latvia due to lack of bulbous moonshine ingredients . 
   interests of the polish state , which are not compatible with the interests of polish citizens that 's what they want to say , after all . 
   yet to be proven harmful  ld50 less than 200mg/kg pick one . 
  that 's not the point of the regulation ( as they 're aiming for cancerogenic effect that is present is smaller doses ) , but saying it 's not proven to be harmful is dishonest . 
  the thing is that making process has impact on amount of acrylamide in food . 
  too tight regulation would be obviously stupid , but reducing its content in e.g. 
  potato chips would be a good step . 
  you mean glorious russian empire under infallible tzar vladimir vladimirovich ? 
  the colours could be more lively , they do n't match my jacket . 
  they saying it 's an ez zone . 
  i suppose their online players do think that they 're better than they are . 
  what you need is goods , not money . 
  in overwhelmingly automated economy there is n't `` maintainance costs '' , only required goods and `` things i need to barter for technician work '' . 
  when you control whole production chain you do n't need money . 
  robots are going to mine and manufacture them . 
  all you need is a handful of technicians . 
  looks like the classic chinese `` send half our tanks together with one typically-sized platoon '' . 
  militiant vegans do n't seek jobs at slaugherhouses , why should religious people seek to be obgyns ? 
  that 's effectively eu-wide fptp with countries as mandates . 
  democratic vote is when people are represented , not governments . 
  it 's not that 99 % of people are for it , but governments representing 99 % of people . 
  there is a difference . 
  if there were a lot of unrepresented people , because their governments decided to ignore them ? 
  that 's fine by me . 
  i very much doubt that 99 % majority is so happy for ceta . 
  we 've had anti-ceta demonstrations in poland . 
  [ basically this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnyg-xu-7sq ) . 
  for people outside of russia it 's not doable , but putin is concerned only with russia and he has control of media there . 
  he 's able to spin it to gain more domestic support . 
  just look at buk that shot the passanger airplane . 
  we all know it was a russian launcher . 
  what you gon na do ? 
  putin is well known for not lying nor abusing situations to suit his needs . 
  what happens if raf shoots down a russian jet is only matter of how politicians will spin it . 
  baltics , you need more memes to get out of obscurity . 
  just look at eesti . 
  that e.g. 
  food additives are banned in eu unless they are shown to be safe and banned in us after they 're shown to be harmful ( well , unless they 're obviously bad ) . 
  lack of precautionary principle . 
  the problem is not the things you can taste , as you 'll be able to distinguish and pick brands for yourself . 
  the problem is things you ca n't taste . 
  i think there 's a strong association in public opinion of these deals with usa ( as in they 're a proving ground ) and we certainly do n't want usa 's food standards . 
  poles and brits do n't seem to be that different . 
  why ca n't we ~ ~ live in peace ~ ~ organize some swell football hooligan brawls ? 
  eastern poland is closer than the moon . 
  just saying . 
  they can just adopt euro . 
  gbp is going to be 1:1 soon . 
  if you give a bike to your brother as a gift and then demand it back you 're an asshole . 
  only after robo-trump got elected here in 2045 we became a great nation again . 
  crimera was given away by ussr willingly though . 
  it always gets me how it 's way more scary and sounds like a hollywood black mass than what black metal bands are playing . 
  listen to their older albums . 
  they were blacker when they were starting . 
  hindsight is easy . 
  you ca n't make political predictions if you assume that everyone is lying about their intentions . 
  these predictions are wrong now as we 've got additional information , but were reasonable to make back then . 
  like in year 2000 if somebody asked you if twin towers would be standing in 2002 they 'd say `` yeah , why would n't they ? 
  that was based on what your politicians said they would do , which they did n't . 
  absolutely nothing happened politically that concerns outside of uk . 
  all treaties are in effect and no formal proceedings have begun . 
  brexit is not a reality yet . 
   / r/europhile or / r/i ` manaziindisguise , euisfourthreich . 
  do you even know what these words mean ? 
  i do n't see how 1/5 of poland being `` you can place windmills/solar panels here '' and rest of it `` sux '' make for decent electricity production . 
  you 'd need to buy a lot of land from people there relative to all available land in these places . 
  you ca n't just pick cheap plots . 
  wind , solar and geothermal are great , when you 've got where to build them . 
  poland is still , dark and cold . 
  if we do n't want to use fossils nuclear is the way to go . 
  never saw one in wroc\u0142aw . 
  this sub led me to believe that all of you ran for jobs elsewhere and only people resident in spain are retired british . 
  it 's just any airborne particles of particular size . 
  fine sand qualifies and it also does wreck your lungs as good as the other stuff . 
  how many flairs have you seen on posts recently ? 
  these are n't exactly free . 
  we 've got more people here . 
  they should swear fealty . 
  unless your kids decide that it is n't worth the money to keep the old geezer in good health . 
  i 'm pretty sure that unlike italian mafia these corporations do n't stick to just one country . 
  nothing says `` winter food '' like a cup of mulled wine . 
  under the proposded law if they have a suspicion it was on purpose they would . 
  i wonder why you did n't end up in an abusive household or an orphanage ? 
  they did n't imprison women for miscarriages in middle ages . 
  should have pretended to come from syria . 
  asking multiple questions as one is completlely dishonest and unprofessional , unless what you 're actively trying to do is eristic . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  poles in germany do n't make a fuss about food , which helps with assimilation . 
  kids are n't supposed to . 
  besides that i do n't really see a reason to not drink it . 
  all poles that i know of who moved to germany adapted really well . 
  they speak german , eat german food and drink german beer . 
  there 's even a sizable portion who are ashamed to admit that they 're polish , which seems somewhat bad from here , but probably good for their integration . 
  i suppose something can be done about the last part . 
  and it 'd be way bigger than hre already . 
  we 're not against migrants in general , we 've got nothing against migrants from europe or far east .
