  that 's not a place where you want to send perfectly fine vodka . 
  together with ministry of love and ministry of peace . 
   the guy even has a background in forestry so i simply ca n't understand how he can make such ridiculously ignorant statements . 
  i do n't know , some kind of currency exchange perhaps ? 
  you need to start kidnaping kids quick , otherwise janissary regiments will get delayed . 
  spirit of jackson is strong in this one . 
  spoken like a true habsburg . 
  they were n't as heartless though . 
  i 've got quite a bit of faith in eu as a project and i belive we could gain something by getting a little more liberal as a nation . 
  that said , as of recently i 'm more and more wary of what 's happening . 
  i feel that `` the west '' ( and especially france and germany ) seem to have a tendency to want to boss us around , which is * absolutely counterproductive * with memories of ussr still alive . 
  if eu does n't let us feel independent enough as a nation , nationalist will thrive on this sentiment . 
  another thing is less and less certainity about not being left in the cold when it comes to putin . 
  it 's bad that people are losing business as it 's what pushes eveything forwards , but it 's an existential threat to us , even if currently small . 
  or you know , we could just not ignore things we promised to do , because nato protection feels important to us ? 
  i 'd rather not risk of `` well , you did n't fulfill your obligations before , get shafted by russia '' scenario . 
  i 'm pretty sure hitler did it unironically . 
  though an image of a sassy hitler is an amusing one . 
  it 's less weird than talking about jesus and being a capitalist at the same time , for one . 
   -- we do n't want x !, 
  so we make only countries that want x will do x. 
  we do n't want to be left behind !, 
  i 'm pretty confused about this . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's been a talking point for a bit of time , but for various reasons it has n't been implemented so far . 
  eastern eu is pretty unhappy about that . 
   the commission ** may ** adopt a decision making the commitments legally binding i would n't hold my breath for these restrictions becoming legally binding . 
  there 's not much political will for that , considering how long it 's taking for single gas market . 
  not without violating contract . 
  germany is n't allowed to resell gas to poland . 
  that 'd be cheaper for us . 
  poland only recently reached greece gdp per capita . 
  after this continous growth and greece 's crash . 
  we were n't on the same level in 2000 . 
  when building burns down people need to buy another one , raising demand for buildings . 
  double win for developers . 
  sounds like something people in cyberpunk distopias do and they never seemed particularly happy . 
  you need a way to boostrap dht , so shutting down all trackers would work . 
  steam 's working out fine . 
  theory is fine and all , but in the end , it turns out that you can sell product that costs next to nothing to copy and people will buy it . 
  no end of times in sight in gaming industry . 
  it 's poland , you 're comparing against coal powerplants . 
  it 's more enviromentally friendly to pulverize and dump the slags in the air than the current situation . 
  coal powerplants produce more radiation through thorium in soot than typical coal nuclear powerplants . 
  [ everything is krieg ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bsbqq9i.png ), 
  because the ratio of people who have an idea what he was talking about to people who have heard of him and think he `` believed in nothing , like that he did n't exist '' is almost zero . 
  til usa elected jesus as the head of state . 
  `` simpsons did it '' takes on a new meaning . 
  beijing is the pinapple of cities . 
  down with the britspeak !, 
  ananas , peking !, 
  fake it til you make it . 
   a game they 're setup to win they keep saying that the white man is aggressive , war-mongering and genocidial maniac and then proceed to declare war on him . 
  either they know they 're spitting bullshit or are the kind of people to fight a land war in asia . 
  quality frenchposting . 
  i thought they were hasten the coming of the great old ones . 
  he 's certainly qualified when dear leader 's blood flows in his veins . 
  `` polska '' comes from `` polanie '' , which is `` fields people '' , not `` forest people '' !, 
  down with the trees !, 
  polan can into space ( for beetroots ) . 
  poland does n't have the euro either , yet steam prices are in eur . 
  perhaps that 's not the right word , but he 's very dismissive towards non-western people he meets . 
  compare how he treats people in usa and in africa . 
  he 's a person i 'm pretty conflicted about . 
  there 's no denying he 's a racist twat , but his travel tv program is pretty interesting . 
  it 's way easier to pick who you talk and listen to these days using the internet . 
  it makes people stick to their echo chambers and not challenge their views . 
  before the internet you 'd talk to your neighbours and coworkers , now you can see thousands of people affirming your views and making you feel smug about yourself . 
  1 : 0 for darwin . 
  truely the rosetta stone of our time . 
  it 's currently difficult to get stoned in poland . 
  the easiest option for the real experience would be buying a ticket to saudi arabia , i guess . 
  korwin at least says he 'd megalize larijuana . 
  being stoned could make you mentally survive what he 's saying . 
  the fact that wroc\u0142aw has replaced most of post-german cobble roads in the last ten or so years should be a good indicator . 
  [ every time i see a headline like that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9fimc2lor8&amp;t=21 ), 
  makes you wonder why movie villains are rarely gay . 
  might be that the heroes would stand no chance . 
  sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from trolling . 
  i believe high election threshold is partially to blame . 
  were it one pp lower ( 4 % and 7 % ) we 'd get two more parties in , accounting for 12 % of votes . 
  they 're pro euromonies , but against doing what is asked from them . 
  like not messing up constitutional tribunal . 
  if it 's a leak and not a fabrication then she had a chance to not get told . 
  she could have tried not looking like a fool in the first place . 
  what 's up with french , rioting and setting things on fire ? 
  the news make it seem like every two weeks or so there 's a riot in paris and multiple cars ( or apparently people ) get set on fire . 
  it does n't seem to be reported from other countries , which makes it sound like it 's a national pastime of sorts . 
  is this a big exaggeration or is it really happening there ? 
  if so , why ? 
  portugese is the language you speak in ports , obviously . 
  i might be a cynic , but i doubt there 's going to be `` indepentent states '' in mid-term future . 
  it 's picking if you 're going to be ruled by usa , eu , china or russia . 
  normans get out reeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  propellers produce thrust by accelerating air relative to the craft and conservation of momentum . 
  if you try standing behind a starting propeller airplane ( or a room fan ) you will feel wind , which is a jet . 
  that compression is done for sake of improved combustion . 
  trying to compress air for sake of compressing air will only introduce drag . 
  how is an `` electric jet '' different from a piston propeller ?
