  if you consider the rest of it , animal housing etc. 
  it 's getting into ridiculous ranges . 
  tractors use energy too . 
  do n't you know how walking is a really inefficient mode of transportation ? 
  to walk you need to farm crops and feed animals . 
  if you compare costs of this to electric vehicles you 'll probably lose . 
  and i 'm only half-joking . 
   and that 's not even a naming issue , as it 's cygan vs rumun not since the politically correct movement to use `` rom '' instead of `` cygan '' . 
  it seems that poland has about the same population density as france , yet railroads here suck . 
  it 's improving in last few years though . 
   actually 99,9 % of them have never seen a single jew most probably they did , just did n't know . 
  all jews i met were exactly the same as the rest of poles . 
  getting rid of kaliningrad sounds good . 
  i wonder where ukraine would be placed with all the russian tourists . 
  yeah . 
  eastern poles ca n't even afford boars . 
   there 's nothing and no one to vote for . 
  this , so fucking much . 
  i did n't vote because i could n't pick between people who do n't represent my interests at all . 
  i even heard a lot of right-wing journalists saying that election results of chosing between right-wing and centre-right shows that there is no left-wing electorate in poland . 
  totally that 's why turnout was only a bit above 50 % . 
  he 's a crypto-roman so for him it 's east europe . 
  ouch . 
  such a zykle of misunderstandings . 
  g8 is literally g7 + russia . 
  you ca n't kick russia out of it . 
  all you could do is dissolve g8 . 
  they 're the goatse of europe . 
  possibility of negative demographic growth seems like a good reason . 
  how does that look when you take social status/money into consideration ? 
  chart you linked to could be explained by immigrants being poor or being more likely to immigrate to poorer areas . 
  there is a strong link between crime and lack of money . 
  what about the chart that shows how [ piracy prevents global warming ] ( http://www.venganza.org/images/piratesvstemp.png ) ? 
  correlation is not causation . 
  it 's just against his beliefs . 
  he 's not going to die for your sins . 
  you 're going to die for his . 
  it 's funny how a common latin adjective `` black '' is a bad word . 
  it would be a shame if a world war happened to it . 
  yeah . 
  it 's 22 ( more like 44 , who am i kidding ) six-sided dice , not two twenty-sided ones . 
  we found a nercron , boys . 
  customs officers would be more effective though . 
  you ca n't grow potatoes on a ship , ireland . 
  i thought you 're going to link to the all-cure firewater . 
  tbh i too would n't want to discuss anything with this clownparty . 
  just a puppet of her party leader . 
  `` allies '' is guess . 
  it 'll probably kind of like russia-kazachstan partnership considering power and size of states . 
  regaining territory after 123 years ( there was no poland between 1795-1918 ) of fight does n't mean that the fighting attitude goes away instantly . 
  i think there 's quite a difference between xviii-century-style landgrabs and xx-century industrialized holocaust . 
  apparently they 're scared of what a court would say . 
  to be honest i expected to see something related to goatse smuggled by an intern . 
   change of generations and shift towards economic libertarianism with conservative worldview of catolicism more like hidden cia prisons where human rights are trampled and corruption . 
  at least palikot & buddies is amusing . 
  it means that there are people who feel unrepresented enough that they 're going to vote for miller . 
  oh come on . 
  we do . 
  just not about this part . 
  please do n't expose time travelers . 
  they wo n't carelessly divulge important information about future otherwise . 
  not just sweet . 
  ruskie too . 
  it 's ok as long as you purge us with fire water . 
  cracow can into upper silesia . 
  it 's kind of like gondor . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but poland has negative population growth . 
   our sultans used to fuck boys !, 
  uk 's sultans did n't ever stop . 
  that 's the difference . 
  if i wanted to go the polish way , it 'd be * `` co , ja nie dam rady ? 
  '' * which means `` what ? 
  [ you 're saying that ] i wo n't / ca n't do it ? '', 
  and still , you could make vodka out of it . 
  knives would pose a problem to this , but they can penetrate kevlar sometimes too . 
  it 's one of layers . 
  if i understand correctly it 's more about decreasing weight and allowing more freedom of movement than increasing effectiveness by a lot . 
  probably one of `` hold my vodka '' moments . 
  made out of corn starch you mean . 
   think hard about where your life went wrong being on trans-siberian railway is quite probably enough to start thinking about this . 
  neither does greenland . 
  i bet danes are plotting something . 
  the other half of poles . 
  perhaps they asked people working in the uk . 
  it literally means `` warlord '' . 
  something something 1930s hitler . 
  but not a 2mw one . 
  checkmate !, 
  is there a 2 megawatt electromagnetic device up on the eiffel 's tower ? 
  he looks kind of like stereotypical 17th century polish . 
  i guess it explains the brotherhood thing . 
  except he 's singing gibberish . 
  i think you 're confusing them with norges . 
  the blurry one in top-left corner in the first image . 
  money could come from putin . 
  it 's not unimaginable with his support for other nationalistic parties in eu . 
  he 'll get -3 diplomatic reputation for annexing vassals . 
  i 'm not convinced about mixing champagne and beer . 
  it looks like a scanned analog photo . 
  allegedly !,
