  just revive the tradition of carrying sabers . 
  at least it 's way more posh than axes . 
  it used to be so until 1977 . 
  [ for the minuteman icbm force , the us air force 's strategic air command worried that in times of need the codes would not be available , so they quietly decided to set them to 00000000 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permissive_action_link ), 
  it 's probably because of orange-tinted light . 
  u w0t m8, 
  so all they have to do is place mandatory u-turn signs on the border ? 
  a lot of things have happened this year already . 
  sssspeak for yourssself , naked ape . 
  we ssssnek people are not . 
  we 've had our trouble with chechen refugees before . 
  all in all , deus vult . 
  this post makes me more at ease with everyone staying with 4g . 
  in the interwar period . 
  that 's what we 'd have to do to not break our agreement with eu if we passed the requirements . 
  we can avoid that without angering eu by artifically keeping them from passing . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's happening , only that it 's not `` lower unemployment = better '' when it approaches end of the scale . 
  also i do n't think a national bank could do much about workforce shortage . 
  we already do , there 's plenty of ukrainians working here . 
  you can avoid it indefinitely by deliberately not passing required metrics . 
  that 's what poland is doing . 
  czechia is getting on the the dangerous part of the scale . 
  there 's this concept called [ full employment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_employment ) , where everyone having a job is actually a bit above 0 % unemployment . 
  it seems to be somewhere around 4 % . 
  in theory this can cause bidding war between employers and hyperinflation . 
  i agree that meat has a much greater enviromental impact than vegetables , but when it comes to health exercise and portion size has much greater impact than slight changes in composition . 
  and fatty foods leave you satiated for longer per calorie , so it naturally comes easier to control portion size when you 're eating a fatty meat-heavy diet . 
  going to the extreme ( either vegan or keto ) is taxing on body , but even mixing it up a little bit makes it okay . 
  humans are much more adaptable to diet than most people think . 
  you just need to not get fat and move . 
   there is no tolerance for intolerance if only that was true they would n't have the issues of muslim clusterfuck . 
  beer is a vegetarian meal i can get behind . 
   40 days without alcohol that one 's tough . 
  eskimo rarely eat anything besides meat , fat and organs and somehow they 're fine . 
  they 've even got a lower rate of heart diesease than europeans . 
  if you hate muslims that much you can come to poland . 
  preferably with your monies . 
  perhaps jeremy clarkson would be up for it , if he 's offered a eu-valid citizenship . 
  the joke is that it * actually is * a better plan than uk 's leadership has . 
  red button or not . 
  looks more like basketball combined with football to me . 
  through a marriage in extended family i 've got a german in my family now . 
  he 's a little bit too proud about his grandpa in luftwaffe for my taste , but besides that he 's a pretty swell guy . 
  there 's no point in opening air routes if you 're going to close them in a year or two though . 
  if we cross out the english then i believe we should use the second most used language of the world : mandarin . 
  slavio is the way . 
  there 's this little part of me that sometimes goes `` what if you smashed that guy 's head into the wall ? '' . 
  it wants trump to get elected to see what happens . 
  i wonder ? 
  i 'd make sense if they wanted all the ancient sites for a cultural victory . 
  we 've been huge dicks to them in not so distant past . 
  there 's no way they 're going to be happy about this idea . 
  was eesti ever mocked for anything besides wanting to be nordic ? 
  why not invest in eastern poland ? 
  if they do that would n't violent tension rise between scotland and rural england ? 
  is n't uk law basically codified by court interpretation ? 
  it 's pot calling kettle black . 
  i guess nobody expected a leaving country would act like a cat seeing a closed door . 
  except ireland is in eu . 
  there 's going to be additional tariffs for uk , so they 're not going to be competetive against ireland . 
  are you saying that petru and kukiz are on the same level of batshit insane as kaczy\u0144ski and macierewicz ? 
  there is a difference between them , even if you need to look for it . 
  they 're pretty much fucked economically , if nothing else . 
  it 's understandable that they 're angry . 
  austria has to keep buying these medicore watercolors . 
  you know what happened the last time they did n't . 
  nationalism is strictly catholic in poland . 
  atheists are devil 's assbros for them . 
  it 's something that transcends nationality and connects us all . 
  we 've all been there , to work for better socks in our sandals . 
  no , that 's for oxymorons . 
  but it 's not a french dog . 
  soviets planned a defensive war of attrition . 
  their plan was to turn poland into a nuclear wasteland in case of nato invasion . 
  perhaps for germans . 
  we 're going to get thrown under the bus way before they get to germany . 
  we feel that germans want to treat poland as a buffer zone in case of russian invasion , a kind of `` let 's have war there , it 's lost to us anyway '' land . 
  it makes us doubt in nato 's resolve to actually do something in case shit hits the fan . 
  the underground city was called zion . 
  matrix movies . 
  living in the last human settlement on earth takes toll on your mind . 
  soviets attacked a lot of groups and that was because they opposed soviet rule , not for any other reason . 
  power was all that mattered . 
  these atrocities were n't in the name of atheism . 
  it 's just a consequence of letting australia in . 
  looking at people writing in esperanto in this post 's comments , english is certainly not enough . 
  with slovio you understand almost all of it if you speak a slavic language . 
  why not [ slovio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovio ) ? 
  it 's another constructed language , but has an advantage of a bunch of people who would already understand it . 
  violence is just adding fuel to their fire . 
  it 's * not * harming them as an organization . 
  sounds plausible . 
  though i 've never heard of this . 
  do you have a source for them denying it . 
  perchance ? 
  there 's always a guy willing to smash your car window to steal five bucks inside . 
  ~ ~ it 's not just that , there 's also trump being a buffoon and handing the fake check . ~ ~ edit : apparently i 'm easily bamboozled . 
  apparently being close to russia correlates with meeting the quota . 
  where are the proofs ?
