  previous government promised us second ireland , this one is making us the second greece . 
   2017 - ministry of defence macierewicz escort had a car crash on motorway . 
  they were going too fast . 
  macierewicz had no injuries . 
  do n't forget he just jumped in another car and went on his merry way , basically doing a hit and run . 
  that 's what it means . 
  it 's not international treaties , not pacts , just how warm or cold the general perception is . 
  yeah . 
  the whole constitutional tribunal circus did n't make other countries at all wary of kaczy\u0144ski 's authoritarian tendencies . 
  it probably was their egos weighting the plane down . 
  the fact that there was a crash is a russo-leftist conspiracy . 
  under normal circumstances god would not allow that !, 
  they are migratory species after all . 
  vampire bear assassins . 
  your move now , world . 
   well the name translates to `` white russia '' . 
  it 's `` rus '' as in ruthenia , not russia . 
  poland is divided strongly about 50/50 between nationalist catholics and liberal smartasses . 
  there 's a lot of friction and the divide is significantly geographic ( west vs east ) so people of one option tend to know mostly people whose political alignment is similar , thus making dialogue difficult . 
  as to why exactly they were elected : opposition got fragmented this election and a few parties did n't make the 5 % treshold . 
  that made 36 % of votes into 50 % + seats for pis . 
  just wait until they declare whole poland to be warsaw . 
  with 35m inhabitants that would beat tokyo . 
  barely . 
  nice try , estate agent . 
  it 's the beer and atheism that propels them so . 
  le [ pon pon pon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzc4hfk5p3g ) . 
   the worst that can happen to ( the u.k. 's ) trade is that we will trade with europe as we trade with the rest of the world at the moment i imagine that the worst for uk that could happen is seizing assets over unpaid bills and eu getting pissed enough to enact an embargo on uk . 
  you see ivan , rocket get no border check if it fly above . 
  they belong in trve permafrosted norvegian land . 
  china is far away , whatever they 're doing locally does n't affect us that much . 
  of course when the argument is human rights violations it does n't matter , but there are other reasons why i 'm weary of turkey currently that do n't apply to china . 
  why not go all the way and call it rohan ? 
  i 'm do n't know much about russian politics , why would he ( or his puppet ) not win another presidency ? 
  who would win in his stead ? 
  it was his wife , not his lover !, 
  `` earth union '' is not . 
  it worked in brave new world . 
  i 'm not saying that eu does n't have a stronger position , only that it 's not a really a `` win '' if all you 're doing is cutting losses . 
  eu is n't winning this . 
  we both lost when uk voted leave and now it 's matter of how much less can we lose . 
   there is no life and there are no sings of past life . 
  time to bring it there . 
  until that time when you get a wrong guy . 
  and it seems to be a very cost-effective option for now . 
  meat pierogi are popular . 
  usually it 's minced mystery meat + onion stuffing . 
  it can work like people , short term memeory that stores most that happens for a short time and then an algorithm taught on previous cases stores some of them into long-term memory . 
  you can link it to a delayed recall mechanism and it should work . 
  brains are n't some kind of magical mystery device on a basic level , it 's the gritty details and specific works that are opaque to us , but so are results of automated learning algorithms . 
   they 're capable of storing data in memory and performing statistical analysis which is basically what human intelligence is from outside perspective . 
  it happens and it 's annoying . 
  though there 's sometimes also people trying to get signatures and donations as well ... perhaps my dream law should prohibit these as well . 
  there are such laws in [ plenty of ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law#/media/file:blasphemy_laws_worldwide.svg ) european countries . 
  russia is not alone in this . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  i particularly envy the  meaning that if jehovah 's witnesses come to your door to preach - that 's against the law part . 
  well , canada is the second largest ( by area ) country on earth . 
  canada has about as many people as poland . 
   chinese contractor fucked up big time who could have expected that ? 
  how many billions did poland get from soviets ? 
  i 'd rather get money than not get money . 
  good to know that i can make a conversation in slovak with just `` jeba\u0107 '' . 
  truely a common language . 
  with no shared border we had little contact with our historical bros. 
  in the age of the internet it 's getting easier . 
  that 's why i 'm saying you 're right . 
  austria invaded and then turned into austria-hungary , so it does n't count as hungarian invasion , but could be counted towards occupation ( which is something different , though ) . 
  you 're right . 
  it was austro-hungarian part of partition , but austria alone did the invading . 
  partitions of poland , most notably . 
  probably counts austria-hungary , which did . 
  stalin was georigian , so it 's not that far off . 
  it 's not that we 're having a victim complex about any invasions . 
  the past was a time of many wars and it 's fine , sometimes you win , sometimes you lose . 
  it 's just the time they did a 3v1 and the time they did a 2v1 . 
  hecking cowards , 1v1 me bro . 
  it is the fatherland of space marines , after all . 
  overwatch futa at that . 
  it 's not a rule of the universe that you 're not allowed to own an army . 
  it 's law and it 's only as strong as people enforcing it . 
  if you 've got enough money with you factory owner buddies you certainly can stage a coup , if not just bribe the government or generals . 
  they warned of immediate economic crash because your pm claimed to immediately trigger article 50 in case referendum goes brexit way . 
  it did n't happen so these forecasts were moot . 
   instead of risking having a mob or some communist government taking away all of their stuff . 
  until they are rich enough to buy the army . 
  to be honest `` jew '' can be used as an insult in a lot of countries . 
  it has to do will all the newborn blood matzo . 
   the pronunciation is independent of letter 's position inside the word just to clarify : when in position at the end of a word sounds can change , they 'll usually devoice ( g \u2192 k , d \u2192 t , etc. ), 
  except going back to their lives part . 
  [ there 's more total mandarin speakers than english speakers , even if not by much ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers ) . 
  already waiting for liveleak videos !, 
  there 's already a language called literally `` common speech '' , namely \u666e\u901a\u8bdd . 
  stocks were pretty high before 2008 too . 
  i do n't understand why what he is saying would be wrong . 
  care to explain ? 
  or historical neighbours . 
  you ca n't pay taxes that are not part of the current law . 
  it 's crazy to think there are places where you ca n't play football on level ground any place you want . 
  yeah , it 's more like civilising world , not civilised .
