   not enough working military planes available ca n't they fly on broomsticks ? 
  i want a fucking million dollars and i 'm restless . 
  pls gib . 
  because they do n't * really * believe it . 
  the ones that do are ones that blow themselves up . 
  i mean , it 's a really easy way to heaven compared to lifetime of devotion . 
  just make sure no archdukes are shot and it 'll all be fine . 
  while you ca n't really fence it off more border guard patrols would improve the situation . 
  obviously only if they are actually allowed to guard borders though . 
  when you really wish for `` remove bordergore '' causus belli . 
   both someone who earns minimal wage and someone who earns 10 000 euro pays the same income tax this is false . 
  you did n't write about same income tax rates , but same tax . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  there are plenty of people who ca n't pass basic math matura . 
  for many students this will be easy , but there 's also plenty of kids that are mathematically in kindergarten . 
  what . 
  you pay taxes for anything above ~ 700 eur yearly . 
  i would hardly call being a vassal of ussr a victory . 
   germany lost ww2 , they do n't deserve it . 
  by that logic stalin won ww2 and deserved right to do what he wished with wilno . 
  so lw\u00f3w , tarnopol and nowogrod . 
  that 's almost as far east as mi\u0144sk . 
  should we give wroc\u0142aw back to germany ? 
  certainly not from ii rp . 
  what are you talking about , pre-partitions poland ? 
  are you the kind of `` lw\u00f3w nasz '' guy ? 
  poland was affected . 
  growth went from almost 7 % to close to 2.5 % . 
  i can be patriotic for poles in poland , not poles anywhere else . 
  pis did n't reign during 2008 , the global financial crisis , but instead during global bubble . 
  it 's easy to get growth this way . 
  ggg putin , uniting everyone west of them and east of odra . 
  they can come to poland if it 's such a big deal for them . 
  send wealths pls, 
  by friend 's boyfriend got punched in the face for walking during night . 
  if aggressive people want to fight , they will . 
  * a * trade deal . 
  not ttip . 
  i do n't know , the whole fucking point ? 
  leaks so far show it goes further than a mere trade agreement . 
  found the guy with elaborate arguments . 
  and her stance is opposite from everyone else who lived on the shitty side . 
  and the official reason was bullshit made to not get people too angry . 
  i 'm still waiting for the time when this law is used when somebody else than catholic is offended . 
  catholics are hellbent on insulting satan and nobody sued them yet . 
  fucking double standards . 
  english is a west germanic language . 
  just sayin . 
  we 're divided on many issues too though , so it would take some time to work out . 
  it 's worth a shot . 
  personal unions would make it so much easier to do . 
  goverment form does n't allow marriages though . 
  we 've got some historic ties too . 
  makes me kind of sad how usa treats us . 
  it 's wealth of feels , not monies . 
  polan can into pew-pew industry . 
  you can make classes of illegal activities rather broad with generic high/low social impact clauses . 
  polish criminal code is 125 a5 pages long . 
  i 'm pretty sure your precedent cases take a lot more paper , making them much more difficult for general public to understand . 
  it 's like with meat and slaughterhouses . 
  you can enjoy one without wanting to look at the other . 
  they lied so many times and got so many slaps on their wrists . 
  how long will this keep happening ? 
  in popular opinion there is n't a big difference between afghans and egyptians , so it 's natural people want a single phrase to describe them all . 
  you know , the place where all the sand , oil and turbans are . 
  what the fuck is wrong with being offended ? 
  being offended never killed anyone . 
  pedestrian rights are fine and all , but i wonder who will work on getting traffic jams flowing . 
  probably nobody and it 'll get even worse . 
  wroc\u0142aw is a fucking atrocity when it comes to traffic , i can get stuck in jams even when i finish work at 18:30 . 
  it 's all fine until one day you forget to put safety back on . 
  if we 're talking about thugs on the street i 'm pretty sure just waving gun around would be enough to scare them off . 
  1/3 of people are for them , they 've got plurality , but not majority of support . 
  it 's because the rest is so divided that such people get to govern . 
  taking a potshot in the dark : switzerland perhaps ? 
  in worst case there 's vatican . 
  ever heard of guerilla warfare ? 
  when you owe a bank a million dollars you 've got a problem , but when you owe a bank a billion dollar the bank has a problem . 
  that 's why they left . 
  you are putting too much thought into polandball memes . 
  they 're not that coherent and all of this is post-factum retcon . 
  this is just a pretext for establishing a new polish-chinese border . 
  that was just anchoring and shifting the overton window , so they can ban almost all abortion in future . 
  the `` see ? 
  we did n't ban all of it , we 're not that bad . '', 
  kind of thing . 
  i was thinking more of the mentally impaired ones . 
  they hope to get more members in the future that way . 
  depends on the field . 
  math and computer science holds reasonably well , the rest not so much . 
  `` ukraine in poland '' sounds like it 's about a new commonwealth . 
  i have no idea about this being a stereotype currently or not , but in soviet times it was like that . 
   do n't ( ... ) put religion above law that 's gon na cause some tensions between ukrainians and our government . 
  typically you do n't need to talk much , that 's true . 
  it 's when things get complicated you need to communicate clearly and then it 's really important . 
  it 's really a shame that they ca n't spend some time learning polish upfront ( and they do n't seem to have trouble learning it , it 's similar enough ) to get better jobs and help them integrate better . 
  a lot of those 17 % go towards uk citizens , so it 's not going to be that scary . 
  what 's important is trade difference before and after they leave . 
  it 's not going to be pleasant , but perhaps compared to uk blocking a lot of eu political efforts in the past it is for the best . 
  you need to look at political as well as economic needs of eu .
