ahh , capitalism . . 
  on average a muslim has a higher chance to be an extremist than a christian, 
  i was talking in some extreme term of invansion , like 2 million people rushing through the border, 
  the country that is purposely making a mess in the middle east, 
  i do point out and always do , but still there are some kind of ` whiteknights ' but in terms of religion who say every religion should be respected, 
  considering stuff in poland is cheaper than in western europe , your salaries are n't that bad right ? 
  germans have an average wage of 2500 euros but stuff is quite more expensive there , i guess, 
  yes but you are appareatly a prick if you critisize religion, 
   religious extremists lol , most muslims would be pissed if someone drew a picture of prophet muhammad, 
  denmark is not good for them . . what . 
  the . 
  great . 
  the eu should just start deporting anyone who claims him self a muslim in a 3rd world shithole , because they with their ideology and religion belong there, 
  and what ? 
  shoot them if they do n't listen to you ? 
  do you really think closing the border will do anything ? 
  imagine if before this shitstorm in serbia/hungary/croatia , greece and bulgaria decided to close its borders with turkey , what would happen , do you think they greece and bulgaria would be able to stop 500k people entering their countries ? 
   is a european to you someone who is ethnically white yes, 
  they are economic migrants , not refugees . 
  since they left turkey they are n't refugees anymore, 
  it is outrageous that we are allowing such a toxic religion into our society, 
  why exactly do you think that you can not cross your borders ? 
  uhh , but he is, 
  i feel like 90 % of srs is american, 
  yeah , if i dont vote for hdz i dont love croatia, 
  they do n't have any economic sense . 
  they do n't know what to do with fixing the economy . 
  their main adverts are just about war veterans , war in general , how religious they are etc etc they are supported by war veterans , older people , and war veterans who got their pension by corruption . 
  for example , my dad 's friend is about 40-50 years old ( not 100 % sure ) and like 15 years ago he went to a war pension and claimed he had ptsp . 
  he recieves about 7000 kn monthly ( about 900 euros which is , in croatia considered a big wage , not to mention a pension ) . 
  average wage in croatia is about 5000-6000kn . 
  that guy will vote for hdz . 
  i know a few more examples in my small circle , now imagine how many people like him have exploited the system in the whole country ? 
  as i said , older population votes for them . 
  young people vote for sdp and most . 
  just patriotism , nationalism , catholicism , serb-hate . 
  their leader ( karamarko ) is . . 
  i do n't even know how to describe him . 
  the internet is making fun of him every day . 
  i do n't think he can speak english fluently at all . 
  on a tv show he says his 5 points for fixing the country . . and 10 seconds later he forgets which 5 points he was talking about and manages to repeat only 3 . 
  one of the main advertisements for hdz are these ' 5 points ' and their leader can not even remember them . 
  even karmarko knows how stupid he is because he refused to have a clash ( not sure which word to use ) on a tv with other candidates because he knew he would be destroyed by milanovic and most . 
  karamarko can not make 2 sentences without sounding like an idiot . 
  hdz voters are an ignorant bunch that only look for their interests . 
  it 's not official yet because the government can not be formed without the approval of the 3rd largest political group most who will obviously have their own rules when they form the government with hdz ( conservatives ) or with sdp . 
  but hdz , filled with corruption , war criminals and system exploiters likes to be cocky and claim victory before it 's even concluded , classic hdz . 
  what a shame if they win . 
  they ruled the country from 91 ' -2011 with sdp only being in charge from 2000-2003 . 
  hdz is the reason croatia is ruined as a country . 
  they are a bunch of nationalists , religious fucks who are still talking about the war in the 90 's and blaming serbs for it . 
  i hope most will turn things around if they either join sdp or hdz . 
  what a shame that people still give their vote to these retarded fucks . 
  edit : [ this is how hdz celebrates before they even won it ] ( http://www.index.hr/black/clanak/seljakluk-i-pijandure-pogledajte-euforiju-u-hdzu/854657.aspx ), 
  tbh the human wall and the walnut are bad , but most is quite good . 
  a lot of them are young so it favours me but also means they are mostly ( hehe ) inexperienced . 
  i just do n't like that they have a hdz background, 
  i disagree . 
  sdp in 4 years has done more good than hdz in 20 years . 
  you ca n't fix a country in 4 years . 
  hdz is the biggest cancer of a political party in croatia . 
  i think that they are on the same level as that cringeworthy `` the human wall '' party but on some points i agree , i do n't see sdp is ` left wing ' at all or socialist . 
  yes we got high taxes ( which does n't suit us , we are not a nordic type of a country ) . 
  religion is still deeply implemented in our schools and political system . 
  the only difference i say is that they try to be the opposite of hdz , and hdz is very religious , still talking about the war etc etc. 
  sdp  hdz by far, 
  wait , what ? 
  she really believes in chemtrails ? 
   hopefully ~ ~ this kind of ~ ~ turkey never ever gets into the eu ftfy, 
  money is a relative thing, 
  you may be joking , but that 's exactly what the muslims would like, 
  it 's almost like people do n't want other toxic cultures implemented into their societies . 
  shocking !, 
  since i know batshit about economics , i have a question , can eu print money without causing inflation ? 
  good . 
  he ( nor france ) owes immigrants anything, 
  what i do n't understand why every news paper , journalist are so pro-immigration ? 
  even here in croatia , our biggest portal , index.hr are so much pro immigration that i had to dislike their facebook page . 
  not to mention this portal is ready to criticize everything , even tho they are left-wing , they still bash the actions of our left-wing government , they often criticize christianity etc. 
  but they never say anything about muslims or islam , which is def . 
  weird, 
   perhaps they should just go and live in a muslim country there is a reason why there is no developed muslim country . 
  islam is cancer , you can not be a first world country and have islam as your main religion, 
  brussels is ruined . 
  in 30 years it will be a muslim city . 
  right now , 25 % of the population is muslim . 
  now , since immigrants/muslims have more kids , i am sure the % of muslim kids goes up to 40 % worth mentionin that this 25 % estimate was 10 years ago , so now it 's surely higher than that, 
  just fuck this religion , they 've brought nothing good to this continent . 
  europe would 've been much better if we did n't allow any muslim in our countries in the last 70 years . 
  fuck political corectness , we do n't owe anyone anything, 
  not with that attitude, 
  actually its syrian but only by 1/5, 
  he is an idiot , but he has a point, 
  whoever said that is mentally challenged . 
  it seems like some people would really like that ethnic swedes get replaced by middle easterns, 
  how exactly is wikileaks a bad site ? 
  and yeah , the eu website would surely tell the harms of the deal to its citizens ? 
  dont be so naive, 
  just fuck off either you are acting stupid or you do n't know in what kind of country you live in or you literally missed every single ttip post that has been on the reddit or the internet . 
  it could possibly kill the internet as we know it .
