  ending nuclear power was a mistake . 
  renewables are simply not ready yet, 
  there is not . 
  do you think that strangers exchange accounts instead of just pirating it ? 
  how is that different to the steam geoblocking investigation ? 
  why only residence based blocking, 
  realistically on english content is impacted in a meaningful way . 
  probably yes . 
  if you need to use friends , the abuse potential is limited . 
  i still think it is more likely that merkel becomes chancellor due to cdus bigger vote count , but beardy is not chanceless . 
  which are the non-corrupt ones ? 
  it has to do with cultural and societal proximity and not geographic one . 
  evolution  revolution . 
  yeah but name part and word do not count as 2 word combined , imo cause they are not standalone words . 
  do you say to anything standalone lor ? 
  meanwhile vor exists standalone as well as beeren und schuss, 
  vor is a word and schuss is a word vorschuss is already 2 words combined . 
  of course the combined words are accepted words , but they are still combinations . 
  in the end economics is mostly empirical science and you have to try something out to find its effects . 
  possible that the euro time span has not been long enough to make conclusive statements . 
  we believe in oceans, 
  in reality it is 3 words combined to one, 
  i wonder why right-wing populist all over europe do not like the press . 
  they would for anyone who is not `` muslim-merkel '' . 
  obviously he is very pro eu , that that might dampen the attractiveness of him for this kind of group, 
  means that eu1 becomes on average slightly cheaper . 
  good news, 
   https://searx.me/ results are presented too densely . 
  does not look good at all and slows down reading speed . 
  jumping to the next result is difficult, 
  hope that people learned their lesson and wont for this corrupt party , which is responsible for this , next time . 
  what are the chances for this ? 
  the unemployed are just reducing the very unproductive jobs anyways , so only the productive ones remain . 
  its not related nor comparable, 
  different kind of inflation , since it was primarily caused by increasing energy prices while op was promoting inflation by increasing money quantity . 
  also a economic crisis hit france it the 80s . 
  it is not rare that economic impacts come delayed . 
  by very little , else you fuck up your economy and future lenders will factor in inflation in the interest rate . 
   inflation is completely a solution to debt . 
  that 's how the u.s. does it . 
  so the interest simply rises if you use it all the time . 
  in addition the inflation rate has limits . 
  you can not make it higher than 5 % over a long time . 
  inflation is not a solution to debt so control over currency does not matter, 
  you only need your economy to shrink at a slower rate than your debts . 
  at some point you have reached rock bottom , economy wise while still tilting lots of debt, 
  how much does changing the gauge add to the cost ? 
  not much if you were to believe the always bad news . 
  you would expect like 10-15 %, 
  70 employees . 
  that is nothing, 
  cause the concept and theory behind is super awesome and implementation can be fixed . 
  good ol' reddit-onomics . 
  if enough people repeat the same it * has * to be right . 
  would not work with the german breitbard version , sincere germans can read the german article . 
  if people check the sorces is the other question, 
  they are not openly hated but hated non the less by a big part of the population . 
  these numbers appear very low . 
  how much the us presidential elelctions cost ? 
  it seems that is all about begging and donating money . 
  just build a bigger dikes, 
  they just want to be contrarian or anti us anti western . 
  this means they have to love russia and putin, 
   could you elaborate ? 
  the pks data has it 's limitations . 
  i 'm sure it 's because they have problems excluding crimes against the foreigners law , but they do n't explain exactly why , so it 's the best i could do . 
  maybe leave out the pre 2015 data if you know it has to be wrong and the foreign law data can not be excluded . 
  eritrea rising from 117 to 1386 in 2 years is just stupid . 
   anyway , if you look at the correlations between variables for both scenarios ( with and without crimes against the foreigners law ) there is just a little difference . 
  little difference ? 
  with and without show completely difference results in ranking and absolute numbers . 
  in addition different trends are shown with foreign law and without . 
  with is dropping very hard , without is raising in particular in 2015 . 
  i am also curious for he population link from eurostat since i could not find it . 
  answer the question first, 
  does not seem trustworthy/useful if the per capita crime rate 10 foldes of certain countries . 
  of course the composition changes but that much ? 
  it is already the case now . 
  fake news is just another report button . 
  it is only fake news if it is provable wrong . 
  future predictions are not. , since the event has not happened yet, 
  do n't think so . 
  reported does not mean removed or whatever . 
  fake news is just another report button users can press . 
  the other ones like spam , child porn , incite to hate etc should already be abused today with very little effect . 
  it is actually very easy to detect fake news if you abide to the actual definition of the word aka completely made up stories to generate ad revenue . 
  if something is no provable it obviously is not fake but news like pope recommends/supports trump is easily identified as fake news, 
  it made no sense to let him alive . 
  but people were searching for a hero, 
  why outlawing foreign radio . 
  why not learning english ? 
  maybe french just shit on everything in polls ( like the president too ) but in reality still think differently . 
  you have to do the per capita thing yourself . 
  it is just an information source of raw data, 
  maybe use this publication next time ? 
  true . 
  but i think that it is just part of the answer . 
  there are less illegals from syria cause they always get refugee status granted than other nations . 
  well during the nazi occupation it belonged to nazi germany so german death camps in germany, 
  2016 is not over yet .
