  do n't think so . 
  the man is working and mom has to take care for the kids and households . 
  that means buying stuff and walk with the kids to the kindergarten/school or other activities . 
  dad has simply no time or volition to do the woman 's job , so the woman is * forced * to leave the house without burqa, 
  well i do not want to work but i am forced by society . 
  there always restraints by society, 
  because it is nothing new . 
  just old stats, 
  economy is mostly psychology of the actors and the outlook, 
  if i would be able to recognize shit it would help a lot, 
  my condolences . 
  that looks horrible, 
   hate crime laws does france have hate crime laws ? 
  gdp is a good indicator , but there should be other indicators as well gini coefficient shows the inequality of wealth, 
  what about the knife stabbing in japan . 
  i think it was earlier, 
  not even a 9/11 joke . 
  disapointed, 
  how many people were killed by bombs ? 
  do n't think it is a issue worth tackling  certain group of minorities . 
  which group . 
  the guns enthusiasts group . 
  wow !!, 
  that poor minority . 
   mentally ill people who kill people . 
  most homicides are crime related . 
  those mentally ill people are the mass shooters , which are very rare, 
  during the 4 year span between those shootings there were 120,000 gun deaths in the us and 115,000 of those were done with pistols an they were drug related . 
  nice statistics you got there . 
  according to wiki there were 8k handgun related homicides and more than 2k `` other guns '' . 
  so ratio was in 2004 around 1:4 . 
   full auto guns are a class 3 firearm which has the most background checks and extra taxes . 
  this would imply that those laws are based on logic or common sense . 
  in reality these laws are made as compromise to satisfy each side with idiotic rulesand classifications . 
   the biggest innocent mass killing in america were done with a single gun . 
  timothy mcvey with 365 deaths and the 9/11 attacks that killed 3500 . now all the sudden bigg terrorist attacks ( which have minor death count compared to gun related homicides ) are important . 
  so what is important now , actual numbers of media presence ? 
  i am interested . 
  what do you do ? 
  it self-employment as awesome as everyone says or is is struggling , cause you have to search for enough jobs, 
  the sandy hook guy used a carbine and the orlando shooter also used a semi automatic gun . 
  the difference between full auto and semi auto are negligible . 
  nobody shoots full auto anyways in real life conditions . 
  it all depends on executions/enforcements . 
  a law itself says nothing . 
   you 're thinking of illegal guns . 
  school shooter of winnenden used legal guns  assuming there were little to no illegal guns , seems to work on island such as britain or japan . 
  europe is more difficult on that subject, 
  yeah . 
  imagine he had an automatic gun or an assault rifle, 
  it makes them more expensive to buy on the black market . 
  this guy had to save money a long time being able to afford one, 
   and all the prop guns used for movies . 
  well do n't use ones that were functional and then disabled, 
  none . 
  i think it is mostly building up courage to carry out something like that . 
   it 's time to throw these maniacs into prison before they attack . 
  guilty until proven innocent . 
  someone who is plotting an attack does not have any right for freedom , it 's time to stop this humanism bullshit with terrorirsts just accept total government surveillance , then . 
  there were no significant indications for that, 
   few days later , sometimes a few weeks/months later , little by little we learn that lack of fundings , lack of cooperation between different services or organizations , lack of personnel , too much leniency towards well-known violent and radicalized individuals , stupid mistakes , lack of preparation or sheer incompetence cost people their lives . 
  the actual reason is that the gov can not surveil millions of pople that thoroughly and it is not wanted by the majority of the population . 
  not because of mistakes or failure , but because of intrinsic limitations of system and how western societies are built up, 
  where can i see the full vid of that guy, 
  i do n't wan na look like a apologist . 
  but when i want to get killed by the cops i wan na appear as threatening as possible . 
  crying allahu akbar seems like a good way . 
  link ? 
  what was the last amok run ? 
  so suicide by cop ? 
  how long does it take until the cops arrive and if the guy had the real intention of terrorism he would have killed someone in that time with an axe/knife . 
  or he was just stupid and overestimating his abilities, 
  you could only forbid scientology , cause they were so small . 
  if you forbid islam , there would be civil war, 
  `` only a sith deals in absolutes '' - einstein, 
   co2 balance with modern filters is not that bad . 
  filters filter particles not co2 . 
  ger still has the highest co2 per capita in europe, 
  has not changed since, 
  please no, 
  shhhh ... it only works cause nobody knows about it . 
  if everyone now wants to do it , it basically makes it impossible, 
  are refugees granted citizenship or just temporary asylum status ? 
  in the second case i would assume not so much , since current conflicts will be over by then . 
  i think that less the age and more the willingness to raise a child is a problem . 
  that is pretty much every european country after the 2008 recession . 
  most counties were hit much worse and the data ends 2014, 
  after a recession the economy grows faster than before , so it gets quickly to pre-recession levels . 
  4 % is not really much, 
  terrorism is all about psychology no real threat, 
  us is a big country and everyone is driving by car . 
  for similar road conditions they have to spend more money, 
  germany is not expensive than expected, 
  brits have an insane gambling habit, 
  android = potential market of 2,7 bil until 2019 russia os = potential market of 145mil of whatever rus population is . 
  if you divide the development cost by population it looks much worse for russia . 
  even russias tech comps can not finance that , cause their income is nowhere comparable to the big us software developers . 
  all the other stuff you mentioned is easy to program and cheap , it just needs like every social network the minimum userbase . 
  after you reached them it is easy . 
  the only somewhat complex/more sophisticated thing is russias search engine .
