in the end these trade agreements will just favor companies from countries that exploit their workers ( e.g. 
  levi 's ) and destroy the environment , as they will have greater margins and can offer products at prices that will drive proper companies out of business . 
  that is pretty non saying and unreflective . 
  why would ony the ` bad corps ' profit now ? 
  globalization and reduced market barries plus reduced/non existent punitive duties have been going on since more than 3 decades . 
  of course there have been bad corps , but on the other hand this exploitation helps poorer countries to build up their economy ( china ) . 
  you can sue everyone for everything , but the chances of winning can be virtually non existent . 
   how does that relate to companies suing a country because their product does not meet the country 's standards ? 
  well the chances of winning are probably very small in that case . 
  unless the limitations re unjustified , but this is rarely the case . 
   , oftentimes local companies that create local jobs ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ttip is because of that \\ ^ ^ more likely to create jobs than destroy them . 
  same reason why trade with china is advantageous . 
  in addition a countries goal should not be to keep jobs at every cost , but to increase wealth and productivity to either solve demographic problems or reduce working hours . 
  are you admiring germans or hating them ? 
  username and comments are conflicting, 
  why tho ? 
  the financial loss of potential trials will be by far outweighed by the additional income due to the free trade agreement . 
  just think about the end of nuclear power on germany . 
  germany all of the sudden changed their policy but energy producers had already built the nuclear plants with heavy investments , counting on a long term revenue by producing electricity . 
  so the comps ( rightfully ) sued the government and won , so they are eligible for financial compensation . 
  with this kind you want to give comps security , so they invest more in said company without having to fear unjust changes in law which disadvantages them . 
   this agreement , just like the tpp , will force countries to roll back their environmental regulations unless they get sued by unregulated american corporations for `` unfair competition '' companies can not sue for a change of regulations , just for money as compensation, 
  i thought the same with china . 
  imagine being born 50 years later , when china has finished industrialization . 
  it must be infuriating . 
  nice to see that the hakenkreuz is not on the list . 
  what a relieve, 
  good no politics bullshit or agenda stuff at a show which is about singing/performing, 
   ( and certainly will be completely once driverless cars receive general popularity ) sdcs will be the future by driving cost and labor down . 
  a shared fleet will be glorious , since the freeing workforce can be used somewhere else . 
  uber and normal taxis on the otehr hand require the same work . 
  but uber has a smaller entry threshold , so more people compete for the same job ( since the requierements are pretty low ) which drives down wages in a downward spiral . 
  and uber apparently does not pay taxes in the countries , so fuck them . 
  uber is not any more efficient than normal cabs and requires a 20 % profit cut . 
  yes , but you have to be at least 25 years old to move out and receive the money, 
  i am not sure what i am supposed to say to that topic . 
  i hope that china growth further and beats the us . 
  i also think that it is good for us europeans , since more economy on this planet means more demand for high tech and advanced stuff , leading to more reasearch and faster progression of the human race . 
  downside might be the environmental effect , but europe is not really negatively effect by global warming and environmental pollution in china is well , located in china . 
  feels bad man, 
  eh south park such a shit show, 
  nah , ` history is written by the victors ' is even worse . 
   does right mean winning , or correct ? 
  i would say being considered correct in a later , long time period with other values . 
  cause the germans are stupid and nuclear power is overwhelmingly disliked by the population . 
  you just ca n't make that unpopular decision , only to keep your plitical direction, 
   let 's not give them work permits , they still work but illegally, 
   fake european values quite the opposite . 
  germany/sweden was to good willing and naive ready to help everyone in need , but people were exploiting that naivety in search of a better life and not in search of security . 
   against the law i think is granting asylum to every single person that comes at your doorstep . 
  then you think wrong . 
  how would that be illegal , if they have a justified reason for asylum . 
  so what . 
  in social networks there always stupid people claiming stupid shit . 
  apparently people want to see trump in the role of the victim by the media . 
  who said that trumps ' idea of safe zone were racist ? 
   the 1-for-1 resettlement turkey agreement rewards them for allowing as many migrants as possible to illegally leave turkey in the first place so that they can then take them all back , which is ridiculous . 
  yeah but the refugees will not come to greece , it it is expensive and dangerous . 
  they do not profit if another person can get to europe . 
  i still ca n't fathom that we have a civil war in europe in 2016, 
  alienating the second largest religious group by declaring them a sect does not seem a good idea to me . 
  everyone supporting hate speech now hopefully also supports hate speech of imams and foreign funding of mosques, 
  freedom of speech only if it suits my case, 
  pegida is to extreme and just a protest organisation with no power afd on the other hand will has actual power and will stay on current ( high ) levels and go in the parliament, 
   extremely weak unions , people despise them as a socialist construct . 
  like in the us . 
  but i do n't get the attitude , cause unions have no state involvement , so they would even be compatible with an-caps . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage no rich countries in particular profit with free trade with poorer countries . 
  europe is just ahead of the curve . 
  in the age of automation it is in already the post employment age / s a shrinking populations may causes less unemployment , cause the workforce shrinks before the works does but skilled labor is missing . 
  it is hurting the economdy, 
  if you are not officially searching for a job ( or receive unemployment money ) it is assumed that you do n't want/need to work , thus you are not count as unemployed . 
  good luck uploading 2,6 tb via tor . 
  this takes an eternity, 
  finally a news site which has pics in a resolution higher than 800x600 why those low pics anyway . 
  i mean it is 2016 and internet speed is sufficent, 
  what do you mean running away from assad 's regime ? 
  if they would run away from assads regime they could run to isis or all the other fronts . 
  if they do n't want to join them they are then running away from both . 
  assads reaction and reign started the civil war but the enemies changed and frontlines changed, 
  why would those who support isis run away from them . 
  do they think that they have a chance to establish an islamic static in ge or do they just want to spread terror ? 
  there are just to many member states nowadays . 
  maybe it was possible in the early days , but it should be change to lets say a high percent hurdle . 
  but ... but ... his wiki article is in 35 languages and we have learned that the amount of languages in wikipedia directly correlates to a germans famousness/popularity . 
  thus he is 3.5 x famous as hallervorden . 
  yeah agreed til schweiger is germany 's most known actor he is what i would call `` legend '' tier, 
   does he have a wikipedia article ? 
  yes !, 
  like every somewhat famous person . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_k%c3%bcblb%c3%b6ck 6 languages https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gronkh  i never found him that funny and know that he 's a thing of the past , but it 's not hard to use external information to establish his past success . 
  this is because he is old and over time the shows/apperances/series add up . 
  you ca n't compare a 80 year old guy to a 40 year old one and compare their filmography  mhhh , various ( shitty ) movies , he had a show for 5 years on ard the rating are what is important . 
  there are so many presenter/hosts , which have their show since so many years  ard and one of his sketches has it 's own wikipedia entry ( just german this time . ), 
  did not know this . 
  i googled him but you do you measure the popularity/famousness of a person by internet results ? 
  number of results/length of wikipedia article ? 
  are there any polls toward the person . 
  no they only way is to use your personal experiences and environment to judge his famousness .
