  it is not aimed at young people per se , but young people are just the group with the biggest interest in that topic and have grown up with it . 
  exhibit one / r/the _ donald, 
  how much do you get after that . ? 
  long term unemployed etc. 
  people post muslim crime . 
  that is what matters . 
  let it be rape or beating , but mostly rape . 
  at least it was the case before r/de / introduced a similar rule, 
  bavaria introduced unlimited detention for potential terrorists http://www.sueddeutsche.de/bayern/gefaehrder-gesetz-bayern-fuehrt-die-unendlichkeitshaft-ein-1.3594307, 
  i do not think that islamist or terror are banned words . 
  referring to the situation in the country causing it not the party itself, 
  oh lucky that the situation is not so bad in germany, 
  what are the `` far right '' / right wing populist ones, 
  had to look it up tbf, 
  succeeded in reporting what the populus wanted to hear, 
  not disputing the content but such study is little more than an opinion piece, 
  why posting to / r/germany and not / r/de ? 
  germany are almost all non germans, 
  italy more productive than germany ? 
  what ? 
  biggest issue of those statistics is actually knowing how many people of a nationality live in the country, 
  there will be a ( radical ) change in migration with current political climate , if/when it turns out there is public support and pressure for that . 
  no point in extrapolating current policies, 
  you know that fertility drops significantly after few gens ? 
   they tend to do better in take home tests and work that requires diligence and hard work , while boys do better under timed tests , competition and challenging material . 
  well that shows that females are more eager and disciplined than boys , which is a very big part in performance . 
  i am also not sure how you came to the conclusion that boys are better on timed competitive tests , in my experience girls were best in most subjects but boys only were better iin male dominated subjects . 
  debatable if it is caused by different brain functions or mostly social, 
  german spd vs czech spd . 
  i am pretty sure that the reason is wages and that they are even lower than ee, 
  it could be an issue or it might not be one . 
  even if you were to assume that it is genetics and the avg iq fully nurtured is lower , the question is how much intelligence matters . 
  most jobs do not require you to be clever but rather discipline , structure and education . 
  obvipusly the jobs which req a high iq like sciences would suffer severly . 
  just make it hollow / s, 
  how is anarchism anti-capitalist ? 
  after all anarcho capitalists is a sub group, 
  do n't forget a badly integrated minority . 
  it has nothing do to with being indo european . 
  almost all words are written and pronounced completely different in english vs german and grammar also has lots of differences . 
  the advantage is tho that english has very little complex grammar and few irregular words , thus making it easy to learn no matter what language you speak expect for the spelling and pronunciation . 
  true . 
  a whole lot of triggering would have happened, 
  all hail to our savior musk, 
  i was referring to the social part in particular the christian view of marriage and family, 
  one could argue that conservative political social positions are derived from religious doctrine . 
  why is the photo so small and black and white if it is the most important factor to identify someone ? 
  the usual you pick the parts you like and ignore those you dislike, 
  why not putting a glass tunnel below the eiffel [ tower ] ( http://startrek-hd.de/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/wellalwayshaveparis_hd_091.jpg ), 
  death toll is pretty much unimportant as seen by most recent terror attacks where less people died . 
  it is all about circumstances and cause, 
  hopefully he money gets used effictively without much getting lost in corruption, 
  us as single country has many more options ot conttrol their icurrency and economy compared to the eu, 
  well there is r/documentaries a big sub , which pretty much only host links to illegal video steams, 
  soon these colliders will span all over the globe . 
  i would assume that adeline is for adriane 7 . 
  the article also mentioned the advantages of a party reusable rocket . 
  found something [ interesting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adeline_ ( rocket_stage \\ ) )  adeline ( advanced expendable launcher with innovative engine economy ) is a reusable rocket first-stage engine and avionics package concept by airbus defence and space that will have a booster 's main engines fly themselves back to earth after a launch using drone technology . 
  they would then be refurbished and be reused on another flight . 
  the design may be used in future evolution of ariane 6 , [ 1 ] however the concept is compatible with any liquid-fuel rocket . 
  [ 2 ] [ 3 ] the project engineers believe it could recover 20-30 % of the cost of a flight at an added weight penalty cost of perhaps 10 % . 
   after the stage is exhausted , the engine module is jettisoned for reentry . 
  at a certain point in the descent , adeline would pull up using its small winglets and steer itself towards a runway whilst gliding . 
  as it approaches the runway , landing gear and two small pusher configuration propellers would be deployed to perform a powered horizontal landing . 
  the concept would ** allow for reusing 80 % of the stage 's economic value : the engine , avionics and propulsion bay . 
  ** [ 3 ] the engines could be re-flown about 10 to 20 times . 
  [ 2 ] the approach could have ** several advantages over the spacex technology under development , [ 3 ] specifically it avoids the high stresses their booster engines experience during deceleration for a vertical landing and for a geostationary flight it would only require around 2,000 kg of fuel to return safely to the ground against an estimated 35,000 kg for spacex . 
  always knew that africa is the true economic powerhouse of the world, 
  it is not the real numbers it is the state of mind . 
  at least concerning dying or getting harmed in a terrorist attack, 
  better let saudi arabia fund those mosques instead of sweden, 
  how to fuck the system http://i.imgur.com/6hx7kqu.jpg, 
  it still makes no sense , cause at the end of the day you have to decide for polices which belong to one political spectrum or another . 
  you will never be able to satisfy all parties , in particular by just saying : `` here you got representation '', 
  people think that they are clever if they compare stuff to 1984 . 
  i am so educated and well versed . 
  well everyone who was willing to work abroad already does , so there is little emigration potential left, 
  do n't know . 
  think that martin schulz ( + macron ) would be good for furthering the eu , before the eurosceptic and right-wing parties come into the eu parliament next election . 
  it has but it does not make them `` quiet '' christian if gay marriage is almost exclusively the only real christian thing they do, 
  well gay marriage yes . 
  besides that not much, 
  it has to do with the christian image of family and marriage, 
  the only really religious party would be afd which is christian and jewish chauvinistic, 
  country thinks that not all deals are advantage for itself . 
  leaves the union . 
  thats why the sweetening is necessary, 
  would it not a possible compromise to allow a country to take a certain percentage of their debts as eurobonds like 10 % of total debts can be lend via euro bonds . 
  it is not local if non local websites report about it ( like bbc ), 
  american democrats interested in the fr presidential election, 
   3 ^ rd best news site in the middle east waat . 
  why not best ? 
  well it is much easier to grow if you are at the bottom or behind the technologically maximum economy, 
  just up the jail time too . 
  5 years would be appropiate depending on the amount, 
  ngoogle is actively removing illegal content while torrent sites pretty much exclusively profit from illegal content, 
  those operates bank on not being caught and with proper technological knowledge . 
  catching the operators is very hard/unlikely . 
  so that they are afraid in the very unlikely case of being caught . 
  imagine they would only have to pay back the earned money .
