  more bad news, 
  so do whatever the alt-right wants so the alt-right does not get more popular . 
  where is the logic in that . 
  i would also like to differentiate between normal right wing conservatives and the alt right . 
  you can oppose migration without joining a neo nazi supremacy group based on memes . 
  and the eu is somehow not composed out of nations and their politicians . 
  the politians of the member states of the eu were against it, 
  they do not have enough time turning into terrorists i suppose . 
  duration is limited, 
  is he retarded . 
  walking in the forest with an isis flag and complaining that nobody is stopping him . 
  lol . 
  i am against not granting actual refugees ^ tm a refugee status ( aka syrians ) . 
  much more problematic are the fake refugees/economic migrants in terms of crime rates . 
  deportations ( to afghanistan for example ) seem to increase so this is a positive development and the terrorist attack in berlin will probably fasten the deportations even more up . 
  how do you control the diversity for other factors ? 
  so is it a direct quote of him speaking incorrect english or did the writer fuck up ? 
   if it is * proved * that he is involved , we dissociate ourselves from it , '' proved instead of proven sounds very strange . 
  is it possible to use both or is proven completely wrong . 
   well in that case you 're still facing increases in production costs which lead to increases in price of products that at same time do not improve in quality - and thereby lose ability to compete with products that are made in countries where companies do not have to waste their money on overpriced ( and overqualified ) cleaning personal . 
  this is a political problem . 
  if countries compete in the race to the bottom it is theirs fault . 
  same argument with taxes where corps move to countries with lower taxes . 
  it is better to stop at early stages of that spirale then going it all down . 
   and at the same time there 's competition from less expensive countries . 
  pretty much nothing in the low wage sector competes in the international market . 
  most of it are services like cleaning/cooking etc which has to be done locally . 
   this increases labor cost making products and services in germany more expensive and lowering both living standards in germany and market competitiveness of german products and services would not increased labor cost in the low wage sector also drive innovation in terms of automatization thus leading to increased productivity in the long term . 
   you think this is n't a system for avoidance of scams ? 
  no cause these are exist scams . 
  you are an bitcoin exchange or drug dealer but do everything 100 % legit at the beginning so people build up trust . 
  after you have gained the trust you delay the product and run away with the coins . 
   it 's not the most effective way of making us all richer - mostly because nobody wants a tank , which also means nobody uses tanks to generate value for others . 
  spending your money for useless crap is obviously not a good idea ( aka broken window fallacy ) . 
  i would argue that the not anymore so poor people do not spend their money on useless crap since they are to a certain degree also an homo economicus , trying to maximize the use of their money . 
   and like always you 're getting from the one and less from the other . 
  ( oh and by the way , giving poor people more money means more tobacco consumptions and more profits for mc donald 's . 
  therefore you are changing the outcome . ), 
  yeah it is an intervention in the market , but a small one , since mostly the poor profit . 
  these poor people are less likely to work for a low wage or exploitive job since they are not forced to survive . 
  this increases labor cost and lowers labor participation . 
  but since these low end jobs are very unproductive in the first place anyway , their loss is not very harming for the economy . 
  the other things you mentioned like different buying composition is not necessarily bad for the economy , it is neutral . 
  the outcome is changed but still determined by the free market , only different demand . 
   i disagree . 
  people are already avoiding places that are known for scams - and creating systems to do so . 
  just go to the bitcoin forum and go to the scam section . 
  you can only avoid them after you got scammed , not before . 
  the rational self interest reputation does not work in an unregulated anonymous market . 
   yeah , but that 's the thing . 
  when everyone get 's richer but inequality grows , you do not actually get more poverty . 
  my point is that social market economy archives both overall economic growth + equality . 
  what is the point of removing a comment if you quote/copy it, 
   so , you agree that the free market is good and regulation in most cases bad and we therefore should not redistribute wealth because this will lead to a very bad outcome ? 
  regulation ! = redistribution of wealth . 
  less regulation but much redistribution of wealth is good , cause this means that the state does not intervene much at the economic process itself only after the result/outcome . 
   disrespecting other market participants property rights will lead to exclusion from the market . 
  ( nobody will trade with you any more when you scam them ) bitcoin aka anarcho capitalism disagrees with you . 
  scamming people is very effective . 
  irl is obviously different cause you are not anonymous . 
   i really belief what makes you accept social hierarchy is your prospect of improving your own situation within this hierarchy - or to say it in a different way : to get reward for success . 
  this works if people believe into the `` embarrassed millionaire '' thing . 
  if you can make people believe that they should not take the money of rich people , cause they will be rich one day themselves , than it works . 
  but even if society as a whole is believing in it , it has limits . 
  poverty can lead to crime and threaten social cohesion in contrast to a middle class man who has slightly less due to taxes . 
   erm , are you saying people are n't getting paid based on their performance ? 
  yes cause the state redistributes money and there are laws limiting the free market . 
  but the advantages of a capitalistic market driven economy ( in contrast to planned economy ) still applies . 
   because trading will in the long run result in more wealth for you then robbing and stealing . 
  individuals do not care what is best for the overall society . 
  they only care what is best for themselves . 
  people do not steal only because they do n't want to be stolen themselves . 
  if you could steal 1 mil euro without being afraid of being caught or stolen from yourself , you would steal yourself . 
   therefore the market guarantees social stability . 
  equality ( economic and social ) , rule of law , values , overall happiness , feeling of belonging ( aka no discrimination or racism ) etc guarantees social stability . 
   ( even though everyone is richer than in the beginning ) . 
  i would argue that the only reason why society allows free market capitalism/liberalism is because its efficiency . 
  one component is the healthy egoism of its actors so the market regulates itself with the invisible hand.point is that people only have to * think * that they get paid based on their performance , so the system works . 
  i do not like to be poorer than the rest . 
  human psychology i guess is the problem . 
  it is generally considered consensus that liberal/free markets lead to overall increased output with the downside increased inequality or concentration of wealth . 
  but creation is not the problem with liberalism . 
  liberalism creates overall more wealth . 
  concentration to few is . 
  good . 
  that they first tried to do it commercially with investors who are paying for it was stupid , tho . 
  there simply is no return of investment for the few professional users who pay for more precision . 
  most people use it in their smartphones for free , that is why it is good that is is funded by the eu, 
  even enoughschulzspam is a false flag operated by the same people who do the main sub . 
  all for the show, 
  / r/enoughschulzspam if you are tired of the spamming, 
  you say that . 
  are you not noticing that . 
  we need the missing arm bot on europe . 
  do it like below in the future . 
  haha believe i am a certified ^ tm economy student ( r ) , without having to back anything up . 
  just believe me, 
  but gers economy is monocausal . 
   also the graph is meaningless , two variables can grow at once and this does n't imply causation . 
  it shows that deregulation lead to rinsing low wage sector , which did not exist before .
