  this new os will get no where near to the matured alternatives . 
  and developing it to a sophisticated level would costs millions or even hundred of millions . 
  it is similar to reactos , which also got nowhere or bada from samsung . 
  developing oses is just too expensive , that is why we have a duopol, 
  there is the hen egg problem . 
  nobody at this ages gets kids , so there are no facilities , cause there is no demand . 
  i still think that the major factor is not due to inconvenience , it is due to society ( bad image ) and woman not sacrificing career for children plus they do not want to fall in the classical gender roles as stay at home mom . 
  exactly , still germans do not have children , cause they do not want to have them not because they can not afford them, 
  it is the eu fault cause they make housing so expensive , so ppl ca n't afford kids anymore . 
  bla bla like rich germany can not afford kids either just silly excuses, 
  what is the objective definition or difference between rape , sexual assault or nothing what is the objective definition between assault or no assault or between murder/manslaughter/unfortunate accident cause there is no absolute/objective line , nothing can be punished , according your logic, 
  all laws are based on moral guidelines and not objective principles . 
  no crime can be defined this way, 
  good, 
  just fill in the details with your imagination, 
   the cheaper the money is , the more risks people take . 
  and that 's what 's happened . 
  what crisis caused by low interest rates re you referring to ? 
  the financial crisis started with high interest rates , which got lowered as the crisis got worse http://www.econs.com.sg/wp-content/uploads/qe5.png, 
   because free trade deals work out so well in other parts of the world yeah , global trade is growing much faster than global economy , thanks to technological advancements and international trade deals . 
  this is why free trade deals are necessary . 
   since the hoarding reflects a desire to realign relative prices closer to what society really wants to be produced . 
  the hoarding comes from individuals who want to save money , cause they think that future prospects are not so bright . 
  individuals do not save money , cause they think that they can influence prices with it or they are calculating that the money will gain value in the future  the printing of money may actually increase the desire to hold cash , as we see today . 
  why . 
  if you see that money loses value due to more money being on the market , you will be more likely to spend it . 
   inflation / money printing leads to huge misallocations in the economy why would that happen , tho ? 
  you do not give out money for free , your are lending money to the banks for low/negative interest . 
  so only people who need/want money will borrow it . 
   because it rewards spending and punishes saving and production . 
  the value of money is watered out . 
  imild inflation encourages either spending or ** investing ** to make more money with your existing one . 
  it only punisches doing nothing with your money ( saving ) , so it is removed from the economic cycle for a long time . 
  saving is bad for the economy . 
  but why is that supposed to be bad ? 
   government subsidized $ 1 jobs , yes . 
   no , just a general non subsidized low wage sector , which was much smaller before . 
  not 1 $ jobs, 
  this would imply inflation , which is not the case . 
  the euro space needs more money printing , cause it has a too low inflation, 
  have you read the rest of the comment ? 
  the goal of the gov is to create wealth for the citizens , possible by investments . 
  comps are just a means for this goal, 
   what happens then ? 
  what can hungary do to avoid being affected by it , or any other country that stands alone or in minority ? 
  because i highly doubt the bureaucrats of bruxelles will accept their ttip being torn to pieces . 
  yeah some `` debunkings '' are nonsensical . 
  true but the country is in the eu and has to accept the decisions of the majority , even if it impacts them negatively . 
  you can not be part of a political union only reaping the advantages . 
  but this is always the case with the eu . 
   and when do we vote or have a say in it never , cause we do not have a direct democracy . 
  but the next time you vote for a party you can vote for one which wants to abolish it . 
   when it 's introduced in our laws or do we get to see it before ? 
  `` once negotiations are concluded , the texts will be published online '' http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/process/, 
  the precise info comes when it is finished/finalized, 
   the simple fact that a tobacco multinational was able to sue a government for a public health policy is insane . 
  why should that not be allowed . 
  if you invest in a country based on current laws and ciruncstances and said country changes laws all of the sudden , your money is lost . 
  as result you or others will invest less money in said country which is bad for the company . 
  if you , on the other hand , pay compensation for said company after a settlement , more corps will invest in you , cause their are less afraid of loosing money . 
  as a result you will gain more money due to increased investments , than you lost due to lost settelments with compensation . 
  infographics are the best source for sound evidence, 
   there has been n number of discussions on this sub and there was this whole release of ttip documents by journalists on how bad it is and how like everything else in the us it is written by the corporations , for the corporations . 
  yeah instead off basing your opinion of studies by professionals and experts , just base you option of fear mongering on armachir economists on reddit , which just try to push their views . 
  these views are anti , that his why only negative impacts are discussed/highlightened, 
   and who defines what `` bad '' is ( fat , sugar , carbohydrates ) ? 
  all of that is not bad if enjoyed in reasonable amounts . 
  it even is essential for nurishment alcohol on the other hand is toxic and harmful in any amount and not essential, 
  this sub is an utter joke almost all accusations and `` shills '' are wrong/baseless . 
  every pic of every brand is astroturfing, 
  cause diw uses `` forschungsintensive '' technologies as indicator , which is pretty high but high-tech is either `` spitzentechnologie '' oder '' hochtechnologie '' , probably the last one only . 
  so your source uses the wrong definition and expanded it to upper mid tech . 
  also keep in mind that ger has much more industry ( secondary sector ) as many other counties , percentwise . 
  even if the high tech portion of industry as a whole is small it appears big in absolute terms or in terms of percent of gdp, 
  but ger ist kwon for it mid tech area , which reflects in its gdp http://www.finfacts.ie/artman/uploads/4/germany-mid-high-tech-may102011.jpg germany ratio midtech : high tech 4:1 japan 2:1 usa 1,3:1 so yeah , most of gers profit comes from mid tech stuff and it is best known for it or if you look who mades the most high tech patents in eu , it is mostly foreign companies http://www.atkearney.de/documents/10192/7828589/fg-rebooting-europes-high-tech-industry-5.png/ab294526-5da2-4b4c-85e2-7c409792272b?t=1458747371721, 
  what high tech industry does ger have ? 
  and ignored, 
  hightech and germany good joke it is known for its machines and engineering not for its high tech, 
   nuremburg laws were not a secret no , but the the industrial extermination of the jews were public knowledge ? 
  the problem was that they jews thought that it could not become worse and that discrimination would be the worse to hapen to them . 
   why not ? 
  if they dont like the contract between them and the state then surely they should have left ? 
  i am repeating myself . 
  the contract was unlawful , cause as in real life , contracts are superseded by law . 
  in this case human rights and the materieller rechtstaat would have superseded said n\u00fcrnberger gesetze . 
  so the contract between jews and state was not legal/valid . 
  but taxes are not superseded by human rights , thus they are valid , if people are properly informed and have the possibility to move to another country . 
   what are human rights but laws ? 
  laws which limit the `` when you live in said country you agreed to the terms and conditions '' . 
  in addition they had no chance to move away and if you want to further your analogy/parallels , the jew did not know of these changes , that is why they did no agree to them  are you saying the treatment of the jews was ok ? 
  like always there are limits what you can write in your terms and conditions . 
  same with state laws , cause human rights supersede state law . 
  there is no english term for it but this is the difference between a '' formeller und materieller rechtsstaat '', 
  explain ? 
   do you want to deport me from my home because i do n't like you telling me how to live my live ? 
  yeah , either you move voluntarily somewhere else or prison/confinement would be the logical consequence . 
   funny , i never agreed to such a contract . 
  by living in country xxx you agree to the terms and conditions of said country, 
  taxes are more a contract between two agreeing parties with theft on the other hand , one party ( stolen one ) does not agree to the terms , that it why it is bad, 
  the deregulation on max ads on normal tv is good .
