  yeah cause the chinese live at the east cost and few at the himalaya, 
   percentage of people that think having the army rule the country would be a very or fairly good idea turkey 33 percent . 
   oh yes i forgot , actually loving and caring for your country have no meaning no it does not . 
  a country is not even a person , so how would i hurt it by not cheering for it . 
  do you cheer for other inanimate objects ? 
   you missed the point on the economical one . 
  if you see a bag of chips for 3 dollars produced locally/nationally you take that one instead of the foreign one for 1,5 dollar . 
  why do this ? 
  because it supports your own country 's development in production and tax revenue , not forcing anything . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage every country profits from international trade , due to economic growth . 
  this results in more tax income and higer salaries , due to higher productivity, 
   you cheer on the home team rather than foreign teams . 
  you cheerish your nation 's history more than others ' . 
  these things do not even have any meaning besides a sentimental one . 
  why would it matter  buying home produced rather than foreign . 
  which also does not make sense economically . 
  it is better to for each country to specialize in what they are good instead of forcing it to produce everything . 
  this helps both countries, 
  ger probably will give some subsidies in addition . 
  it is about the principle . 
  if it would be about tax evasion ( or refugees ) people would not say '' nl is making our laws ineffective . 
  never mind i am okay with that '', 
   no drugs are produced , possessed , sold or transported in germany consumption is perfectly legal in germany and for germans abroad . 
  people buy it nl and smuggle it to ger , thereby owning it . 
  not everyone consumes it in nl . 
  people like to smoke weed at home or with friends , not in another country, 
   we 've had open borders since ww2 , and coffeeshops have been allowed to sell soft drugs for a quite a while now . 
   yeah and everyone near the border is buying from nl . 
  this just proved my point people ( and politics ) just do no really care about weed , that is why they are ignoring it . 
   tolerating ( larger scale , up to 5 plants is already tolerated ) production as well as sale and possesion wo n't change a lot for the rest . 
  what happens if nl decides to decriminalize or legalize all drugs . 
  the current change in law does not do much but the principle of undermining neighboring countries laws is the problem . 
  what about the 70s ? 
   who cares about schengen , you guys make your own drug laws , we use ours . 
  people with common sense . 
  because nl would become drug hotspot of all neighboring countries , thus rendering these countries laws ineffective . 
  you either have to harmonize laws or reintroduce border controls . 
  let it be drugs , guns or other goods, 
  how could nl legalize marijuana if they are in schengen , where marijuana is forbidden in all neighboring countries . 
  would not schengen require a harmization concerning drug laws ? 
  people are often overestimating chinas economic growth . 
  also what counts there as middle class is not the same as in western europe, 
  aka send them to an island . 
  which island ? 
  we have n't figured out yet . 
  in italy , probably not . 
  even most young germans , which are much better in english , usually watch dubbed in german, 
   it should de facto be property of the family please no . 
  you make the decision and you should not put the burden on your loved ones, 
  http://data7.blog.de/media/695/5965695_3e2a79f699_l.jpeg http://www.ariva.de/forum/anonymize/http://static.twoday.net/karlweiss/images/statistik-realloehne.jpg also nice to see how much greece gained . 
  anti cyclical spending is the keyword, 
  real wages have stagnated since the 2000s while every other eu country was growing significantly . 
  it is their scheme . 
  just say idiotic/controversial stuff to get media attention then backpaddle or relativate your statements, 
  they were n't . 
  do n't think so unless the population is completely different than from germany http://i.imgur.com/znkshbj.jpg crime rates from 2014 are much better for syrians than for somalians . 
  of course the composition has changed since then, 
  this time is different . 
  i swear, 
  at some point you got diminishing returns if you invest more into infrastructure . 
  just look at the us . 
  shit infrastructure but economy is still booming, 
  what about the african union ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_number_of_police_officers increase of about 6 %, 
  a video would be nicer instead of a wall of text, 
   when posting the link i did not see where i could post additional info , hence link in immediate comments . 
  not uncommon on reddit ... make a self post with video plus transcription . 
  there you can put as much content as you want . 
  in addition your german source is garbage since most people here do not speak german and you posted the title in english . 
  so the people you mislead can not even check it for themselves . 
   i believe the top comment , upvoted by yours truly as well , holds the direct translation of the relevant paragraphs . 
  your link to the german source in somewhere in the middle as a child comments . 
  also very easily missable , cause it is a child comment . 
  the translated relevant paragraphs were made by someone else , so you can not claim responsibility for that . 
   in short - the title contains the full content and source in title . 
  cause you used a shit source ( content ) in combination with shit headline . 
  makes it even worse . 
  as to your transcription it is not on top and you have to search it under the 80s comments , so equally worthless . 
  because titles are always supposed to be summarizing the content not out of context quoting it . 
  yeah . 
  people just read the title . 
  it is the same in world news or gaming or any bigger sub . 
  the titles must not be misleading, 
  needs an intentionally misleading tag by the mods, 
   drink , drank , drunk . 
  this does not help at all and you still have to memorize all of them . 
   as someone who has done a little english teaching , something like word order in a noun phrase is really confusing for people who come from languages with loose word order or very different syntax rules . 
  word order is also very different . 
  only the very basic cases are similar and those easy case should be learnable so even germans ( or at least me ) are struggling at the beginning . 
  for example if i would write  this does not help at all and you still have to memorize all of them . < in german word order with literal translation . 
  `` this helpes at all not and you must still all of them memorize . '', 
  is has little grammar and regular verb forms . 
  only difficulty is spelling, 
   do n't be silly , language has nothing to do with it . 
  english = easy language learned by everyone around the globe . 
  people who get rich in a third world country want to move to a richer country and since they already speak english they either move to us or uk instead of completely learning a new language . 
  natural one or ( skilled ) immigration ? 
  why is the uk/us growing so much faster compared to germany ? 
  is it because of the language ? 
  even if he does not work , household is a woman 's job , so he wo n't do the shopping . 
  do n't think he is progressive if he requires his wife to wear a burqa,
