  if people are still watching tv despite the ads , why forcing the stations to limit them ? 
  online corps are paying much less taxes ( no local tax , employing less people etc ) than physical corps and they are more cost effective , so extra taxes for online crops/services are fine . 
  unemployment rate lowered pretty much https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/germany-s-unemployment-rate-data_chartbuilder.png?w=640 economy growth is hard to tell , what caused . 
  some say it was due to stagnant real wages , thus making germany as a location more competitive, 
  divided by population on reddit , then, 
  germany had the same called agenda 2010 and it was successful and greece is still far away from us style neo liberalism economy and some of the social rights were just excessive . 
  but greece is economically totally different and even the reforms do not make it any similar, 
  i do not see the issues with the visa deal . 
  it is absolutely overblown . 
  the advantages of visa free travel are minimal, 
  this blog looks like a zero reliable source the blog has a euro hakenkreuz flag i think that it is just anti european propaganda intentionally misinterpreting stats and facts . 
  no way that much money goes to ger , in particular if you think that the work has to be done locally by locals and that there other countries in which the money has to be distributed , besides germany . 
  maybe the 85 eurocent was referring to the money that goes to foreing countires but not total subsidy sum, 
  europe rules the world, 
  i do n't like the combination of rose and skull looks pretty edgy and childish, 
  corruption is a non-issue in most industrialized countries, 
  unfortunately many people think so free trade between countries benefits both countries . 
  why would any country negotiate/agree to something that is disadvantageous to them, 
  so worse case it stays the same and in best case it will improve looks like a no brainer to me, 
  an old joke  the european commission has just announced an agreement whereby english will be the official language of the european union rather than german , which was the other possibility . 
  as part of the negotiations , the ~ ~ british government ~ ~ member states conceded that english spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5 - year phase-in plan that would become known as `` euro-english '' . 
  in the first year , `` s '' will replace the soft `` c '' . 
  sertainly , this will make the sivil servants jump with joy . 
  the hard `` c '' will be dropped in favour of `` k '' . 
  this should klear up konfusion , and keyboards kan have one less letter . 
  there will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome `` ph '' will be replaced with `` f '' . 
  this will make words like fotograf 20 % shorter . 
  in the 3rd year , publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible . 
  governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling . 
  also , al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent `` e '' in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away . 
  by the 4th yer peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing `` th '' with `` z '' and `` w '' with `` v '' . 
  during ze fifz yer , ze unesesary `` o '' kan be dropd from vords kontaining `` ou '' and after ziz fifz yer , ve vil hav a reil sensi bl riten styl . 
  zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech oza . 
  und efter ze fifz yer , ve vil al be speking german like zey vunted in ze forst plas . 
  i do n't debate that is the black . 
  i say that to solve that problems the gov has to take money from the rich and give it to the poor ( mostly blacks ) the elevate or solve the problem . 
  http://i.imgur.com/mscz3ki.png in terms of income distribution germany and the us are pretty much on the same level . 
  it is just after the taxes that it becomes more homogeneous . 
  so having a less diverse more ethically homogenous population does not appear to help germany that much , it really it is the role of the state to reduce the societal issues . 
  the us has society issues ( homeless/poverty/divded between rich and poor ) , which gets worse due to guns . 
  germany has many guns but a homogeneous society in terms of income and good employment rate , so citizens do not turn into criminals . 
  uk has less guns but the society side is worse or people have a less pacifist mentality than in germany . 
  us has all of it , a shitload of guns , society problems and the wrong mentality ( killing is okay even for small crimes ) . 
  fixing teh society side would be expensive , since you would have to pay the poor fre money , mentality of the population can not be changed by the gov ( only laws can be made harder ) so the gov could limit the access to guns . 
  the good ol' its the teachers fault, 
   dark blue passport good question why the passport of the eu is not blue anyways . 
  just a scheme to push for economic liberalisation, 
  those white guys remind me of minions do n't like them, 
  is there some kind of graph visualizing this ? 
  i find articles about statistics without long term history and trends kinda stupid [ found ] ( https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/bialik-datalab-franceisrael-2.png?quality=90&amp;strip=all&amp;w=575&amp;ssl=1 ) something, 
  problem with gassing animals are potential gas leaks and that you can not do it in an assembly fashion but in portions of groups . 
  the shocking to sedate can be done in a continuous movement, 
  * stock videos, 
  maybe it just looks cringe because they are sitting still for the press to take pics like these sock vidoes where they smile an ass long time into the camera without moving . 
  bertdeathstare is your alt account from the future . 
  politics pretty much never influence your daily life . 
  it really is overrated, 
  at least he did not use the `` happy merchant '', 
  i hope this is post taxes or else it is pointless, 
  germany has the same problem, 
  how is it even possible that father daughter and grand daughter all are politicians in the same ( extreme ) party, 
  if you see them as connected it rather makes it less likely , cause the unlikely thing already happened . 
  it is because of the language . 
  english is an easy to learn language taught all over the world, 
  they wont select a trump figure, 
  china is very reliable and stable . 
  look how annoying and painstaking elections can be in the west , in particular with non-meritocracy based votes . 
   i do n't know what this is trying to say but trump just a meme to ride on the current circlejerk . 
  in particular for trumps `` hate '' for china . 
  finally some good news from russia everytime i look at for example russian google streetview or just pics of it it looks so depressing . 
  people need to get off the false impression that germany is super eco friendly with renewables . 
  at least we can be sure that our chancellor will not be crap , since both candidates are good, 
  when i first read the name tajani i thought it would be an indian . 
  build a wall around the banlieues and turn them into an ultra ghetto . 
  dat ugly brown shade, 
  read again , stupid, 
  trend is upwards for greece too . 
  greece is behind the rock bottom, 
  you follow the rules of a county you are currently in . 
  now matter whether you like or dislike these rules/laws, 
  why are they releasing his name and photo if he has already been caught ? 
  is it stupid or clever to put them all in one place ? 
  i mean when there are all at one place there is less interaction with natives , thus less crime to them . 
  but also gheottoization . 
  using bastard as insult has become totally useless, 
  true but a republican candidate would be disliked anyways , cause the republican political stances and values is so far off the german ones . 
  is it trade balance within the eu or total trade balance ? 
  who cars of politicians are down to earth . 
  i hate this crap , should not matter at all, 
  ehm problem is not the migration ban it is the travel ban from those countries , trapping people there for no proper justifucation, 
  more relevant to china , tho, 
  politics is one big compromise, 
  any sources for that ? 
   of course this gets downvoted to hell . 
  nuclear power is loved all over reddit . 
  why would this very popular comment be downvoted as hell . 
  it does not make sense for the rich or the elite to move from the us to europe , due to lower wage and higher taxes, 
  yeah but how common was that really ? 
  i think most are students , so not that implossible . 
  why not simply not granting refugee status to anyone coming instead of baiting them with status and benefits but hinder them to arrive ?
