thanks , i 'm arriving via amsterdam and will be living near chinatown so i 'll see what i can do . 
  train tickets are great value compared to the uk so i might even enjoy paying a reasonable price . 
  as for the language i 'd like to get to grips with it , mainly out of respect . 
  any advice on getting hold of a bike ? 
  an over produced edm/hip-hop/r & b hybrid with a male or female singer singing something along the lines `` woaaah oh oh ooooh '' before a guest rapper raps , `` yeah yeeah yeeeah , girls , bikinis , lamborghini 's '' ect . 
  i do n't care about his concerns , he has an extremely narrow view of the debate . 
  yes , people having to relocate for work should go fuck themselves . 
  i 'd love to know what shaped you into such a reasonable person . 
  absolutely , thanks !, 
  you dudes just might 've inspired a career change , ~ ~ alstublieft ! ~ ~ dankuwel, 
  i must say i 've never found amsterdam particularly charming ( not that i did n't enjoy it there ) and i loved living in hamburg . 
  industrial cities are cool when there 's industry still there ( plus a notorious techno scene ) . 
  cheers !, 
  thank you i 've visited once , though only for a night . 
  i can of course take your word sincerely , it does seem like a `` real '' city to me . 
  sold !, 
  i was n't disputing it, 
  just the trash talk on this thread , which of course means nothing, 
  i was offered a job in your fair city recently , i 'm seriously considering it . 
  despite what i 've been told i 'm just a big fan of port cities and rotterdam seems to be the king of those . 
  how i envy you . 
  since june 24 it 's been nonstop face-palming over here . 
  they 'll all be treated the same because unfortunately the average british persons geography is severely lacking and they would n't be able to tell the difference . 
  poles constitute the largest ee ethnic group so naturally they receive more attention whether negative or positive . 
  both of course , despite being an immigrant herself and having mixed race children from her former marriage to an immigrant from india . 
  my australian aunt reads the mail online and rants about the state of the uk constantly despite not having lived here for 20 years . 
  you 're condemning and condoning violence in the same comment ? 
  where we 're going we wo n't need eyes . 
  so no answers , just bullshit and vague notions of ` access ' . 
  you deserve a cabinet job . 
  showing your true colours i see . 
  go on ... 
  so what you 're saying is that you have shit taste and yet somehow people who actually bother to develop their taste in music are wrong . 
  fucking hell man , those are some pretty basic ones . 
  what point ? 
  a lesser percentage voted than the old so they should be written off ? 
  young people did vote , students overwhelmingly so . 
  the statistics to the contrary were based on the youth turnout for the 2015 ge and used in a disingenuous sky news report . 
  the referendum turnout was double those estimates , over 60 % in fact . 
  the idea that the youth did n't vote is continually perpetuated , i suspect , to smear the young and relieve the older generations of any guilt the might have for fucking their children and grandchildren over . 
  does n't help that this sub gets brigaded by smug brexiteers on a regular basis . 
  stop being so bloody fragile . 
  yes , how horrible it was for them these past 42 years . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most leave voters , given the opportunity would keep special privileges like freedom of movement for themselves , even if it meant not getting their precious blue passport . 
  yes indeed , it 's fortunate that the members our sovereign parliament favour the country they were born in over corporatist organisations . 
  i wonder if may is just high-balling in preparation for securing an exit deal , or does she really want to take draconian measures , which will in turn be reciprocated by the eu . 
  i had a flick through de telegraaf once when i lived in your country , it lacked the in-your-face sensationalism the british tabloids are known for . 
  but you 're quite right , it was mostly utter , utter nonsense . 
  i get the feeling that a lot of leave voters are just changing their tune to suite their purposes . 
  there was n't much talk of ` consequences ' by leavers in the run up to the referendum . 
  false equivalency , nice . 
  i 'm actually thinking about it , though i ca n't say i 've been here long enough . 
  i can understand you 're angry , but i voted remain and just want the best possible outcome . 
  if it comes between losing everything and my british citizenship , there will come a point where i 'll have to make a difficult decision . 
  not really trying to profit from the situation , i 'd imagine many of these people voted remain . 
  i happen to reside in france , i co-own a business , pay taxes and hire french citizens . 
  should i be thrown out because half of my countrymen are regressive shitheads ? 
  london certainly but bristol and manchester are just filled with huf cap wearing streetwear wankers and crusties . 
  i think it was by john harris , who 's a journalist for the guardian . 
  i doubt it but tell yourself whatever you like . 
  i 'll do as i bloody well please , last time i checked i had a british passport . 
  besides i would n't want to give people on here the impression that every briton is a pompous , mouth-breathing brexiteer . 
  some of my countrymen are so utterly lacking in self-awareness that they 'll happily drive the nation into the ground . 
  i 'll stay here in the republique thank you , even the most arrogant frenchmen are more bearable than the average brexiteer . 
  some of my countrymen are just a bloody embarrassment , sorry . 
  yeah unfortunately the media ran with the narrative and i suppose it helps the older generation feel like the young deserve to be fucked bloody by brexit . 
  i do n't disagree with the rest of your post but your statement about the uninformed young not voting is false . 
  the idea that the young did n't actually turn out in the referendum is an incorrect sentiment perpetuated by an initial sky news report , based on figures from the last general election . 
  the youth turn-out was actually double those estimates . 
  the irish and since you ask , the french , do n't understand why they have such a bad reputation . 
  spelling `` lose '' as `` loose '' - check, 
  i 'm seriously considering the french foreign legion . 
  well , in case it is n't obvious already , our politicians are dangerously incompetent and incapable of planning for future scenarios . 
  except those 49 % would merely have been disappointed , rather than losing their right to live and work in europe , watch the economy go to hell and deal with the possibility of losing their jobs . 
  true and personally find it unforgivable , some even attempted to justify it . 
  except for , you know , the ones who did turn up , voted remain and got fucked regardless . 
  that 's not to say i 'm not angry at my peers . 
  nah you keep those chavs . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  sail downriver to medway or something , set a bunch of ships on fire ? 
  i 'd like to see that hahahahaaa, 
  i would attend `` church '' services quite often , that always shut them up , though i had to pretend to be a practicing christian for nearly a year . 
  if the liberal metropolitan elite had n't ignored and patronised these people they would n't be drawn to populists like hitler !, 
  well only time will tell but yes `` hard to exaggerate '' , really ? 
  please do n't take this away from us . 
  make france ~ ~ great ~ ~ hon again, 
  ahem , privateers thank you very much . 
  you 're going to have to elaborate on how this has anything to do with `` enlightenment ' values '' . 
  of course , that old chestnut . 
  everyone who voted remain is a guardian reading elitist . 
  people like you have such a massive chip on their shoulder that they can barely see a thing beyond it . 
  i left over a year ago and i 'd lived in germany for 2 years before that , i regret nothing . 
  i 'm not interested in your personal problems . 
  you do n't want them in the uk but they 're `` traitors '' if they leave . 
  you sound reasonable . 
  excuse me but what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  +60 % turnout = most . 
  you almost sound bitter or something . 
  well said i also got my start in germany , hamburg to be exact ; during those wonderful post-recession years . 
  i 'm sure it was a very frustrating , alienating time for most young brits .
