o look romania a corrupt country lecturing others , 
  why would i leave im not in eu i do n't recognize it i 'm in croatia + eu will fall apart soon , 
  support for wilders free netherlands, 
  i think yes will win, 
  how come hungary is the most reasonable and has to push such plans instead of france and germany is it because of the history of those two countries ? 
  well can you blame him ethnic tensions are now more important then ever in a world til recently dominated with a multicultural idea, 
  germany with nukes so they can bully more in the eu ? 
  i 'd rather see hungary with nukes . 
  i 'm not surprised, 
  it 's true eu has a bunch of regulations that just serve as money theft, 
  they do n't like you anyway plus it 's eu what will the do give a harsh statement ? 
  you have a chance to side with us and destabilize eu , they ca n't bill you for stuff that is yet to happen the agreement is non valid if you leave, 
  in the eyes of europhiles they see their eu as something that is good and strong at the same time but let 's face it half of europe or even more does n't believe in the idea of eu the sooner us dismantles it the better it 's too centralized and wants to be use, 
  when nwo decided to destroy europe and it 's countries by blending them in to one dictatorship, 
  shows how much they care about democracy, 
  weak leaders and weak policies that wo n't deter smugglers and migrants atlest not until they know there is an european navy waiting to save them and transport them to europe and most important of all money to made . 
  relaying on foreign forces to guard your borders is utter madness as it can turn into extortion . 
  what will stop the smugglers and migrants is a decision of returning all those rescued onto libyan shores , fewer people will pay smugglers as they will see few sucede in getting to europe thus lowering the death count at see . 
  free catalonia , support from croatia, 
  her niece and france 's youngest mp, 
  ungrateful lot arent they those cold germans , 
  judging by the votes i triggered quite a lot of them , 
  quite the contrary we are subject to eu-western propaganda more these days, 
  nice, 
  you go le pen free france, 
  nope we were part of communist yugoslavia , nothing really changed its just people were less likely to portray themselves as christians back then, 
  it just shows colonialism is present, 
  man i feel sorry for you , i always saw governments going after sugar tax as a violation of consumer rights to consume what they want . 
  how exactly ? 
  i dont think so spain can deploy troops faster and british military isnt what it used to be, 
  soros ? 
  by force, 
  hope it does, 
  as a trump fan i must say this portugal you wont be second, 
  spain should reclaim gibraltar, 
  correct one of the reasons he talked about changing nato rules if others do n't pay up, 
  yeah i somehow doubt trump would let europe fall to russia, 
  yeah poland and others have nato, 
  well since trump wants nato members to get to 2 % spending it is needed anyway, 
  nice but eu flag kinda ruins it, 
  hey when will you guys answer for srebrenica massacre ? 
  o and i wouldnt call it leeching as my country is extremely bad from getting eu funds but nice try do :p, 
  well it was one of the better empires bosnia was in, 
  its not about coverage nobody will wage a war for another country, 
  wow trump the man you can never be too careful, 
  yeah but us will be droping theirs soon so it will be only eu but not all members are for new sanctions, 
  hah i doubt germany with merkel can be second , switzerland will be second most likely, 
  im just saying its kind of sad people do this they need to realize no one is willing to help them ( directly ) and sanctions wo n't change russia 's mind, 
  well they did play the old . . people want sovereignty thing as an excuse, 
  i guess sweden thinks they are being funny, 
  well it 's kind of hard not to remember you guys are filling the news all the time . 
  do you still need it ? 
  russia is part of europe you probably ment eu, 
  wow the danes ... yeah he must be scared :d p-i-e-t-r-os-m-u-s-i its only ok when they do it treaty of utrecht means very little by your logic if in the near future russia and ukraine cease hostilities and make peace it will also make everything that happened before ok ? 
  well im sure they feel the same about today 's political climate, 
  well japan has a trade surplus when it comes to trading with us, 
  man i envy you guys you have a president that actually does the things he promised in the campaign , granted those that didnt vote for him must be pissed but for those that did it must be refreshing from a political stance . 
  since when do germans decide on the matters of eu ? 
  o wait you are telling me big countries control the eu no . . no . . no way it cant be ? 
  but really this is bad the nation itself should fix this themselves no need for threats from the outside . 
  if their democracy is strong enough they will solve it with their politicians . 
  yep i wouldnt call sweden and belgium with no go zones . . free, 
  im sorry but us needs to be first where else can you walk around with carrying weapons , plus lets not forget the refills, 
  eu if it doesnt want more migrants crossing the mediterranean should for once put its differences with russia aside and work together in stabilizing libya, 
  similar things can be said for the left i mean communism did kill some 100 milion people if were going after whose ideology is worse, 
  true there is correlation between having a large muslim community and terrorist attacks, 
  o really im sorry but if you ca n't see that having three presidents and all the assistants isnt a huge buirocratic mess made for intentional money grabbing i cant help you . 
  de-radicalize these individuals yeah like thats gon na work you should have taken their citizenship and leave them in syria, 
  like hell it is all they do is push their agenda with no opposition, 
  he threatened an idea of the unelect bureaucracy and for that he has my sympathies, 
  austria-hungary they gave us railroads :d, 
  sweden is still considered a country ? 
  i agree its really funny who eu is turning into a new warmonger now us and russia are a threat . 
  it just shows they want more power and greed is following . 
  ukrainians wanted to move ahead before trump relaxed sanctions on russia , not saying russians are innocent far from it but it was peaceful until a few weeks, 
  we that 's how it usually goes you do n't accept someone in and then treat him bad , anyway atlest one european country has it interests at heart, 
  as if it 's suppose to surprise anyone big countries abuse all the time, 
  more jobs for british people, 
  it 's the same in europe especially when it comes to big media houses, 
  how different are his political views then merkels ? 
  i have yet to see altright attack someone but i have already seen those that claim to be liberal and leftist to attack people and burn cars  just because they voted for trump, 
  well i will celebrate as well better be shitty but independent than under eu boots, 
  i knew it from the start that fake stories did n't won the elections for anyone and probably wo n't ever . 
  what in my opinion won the elections in favour of trump is that media gave him free advertising and criticized him non stop which created a boomerang effect they wanted people to hate him so much that it backfired . 
  i myself rarely see fake news it 's mostly news being overblown in some manner but that itself does n't make them fake it 's just some news agencies like to push some parts of the story more , it 's normal for left leaning news to criticize more on the right spectrum and vice versa, 
  two can play that game i guess your ira ? 
  and snownova how is it any different then bbc or independent that promotes multiculturalism , gay relationships ? 
  if breitbart promotes christianity and ignores or criticizes others it 's their right as free press, 
  i 'm european and i do n't fear breitbart instead i welcome it as it this needed in europe 's news climate which is too liberal/leftist and biased . 
  latest happenings on reddit like banning altright subreddit shows us that the establishment is scared of the truth and their soon to come downfall, 
  it isnt straight evil but unbiased it is , and i assure you i did n't see it on mainstream pro western media , 
  from unbiased news sources it seems like ukrainians are to be blamed the most for the recent activities and even the germans and the oess think so as well . 
  they recently made some advancements and seem to have an intention of escalating it further in hopes of destroying trump 's efforts to drop sanctions on russia . 
  poro\u0161enko even made a visit to germany in hopes of some help but it seems he didnt get quite as much as he hoped for you must understand they relied on us but with trump on the helm ... source - https://www.logicno.com/politika/opsirna-analiza-pogorsanja-sigurnosne-situacije-u-donbasu-i-ukrajini.html its not in english but you can translate it, 
  your government, 
  of news that criticize eu or certain candidates in upcoming elections that are being marked as fake news and policed on social media like facebook by a group with a strong bias towards one political view like snoopes, 
  people , do we really want another failed state at our doors ? 
  imagine if something was to happen there the number of people that would swarm europe , that 's why i see erdogan as a necessary evil . 
  and you think russia and turkey belive each other that much ? 
  thats how i feel about eu and their censorship,
