invasion , not liberation . 
  typical western mindset . 
  libtard fascists are angry people didi n't vote as they wanted . 
  the sweet sound of butthurt . 
  we are serious . 
  ukraine is a serious country . 
  you checked wrong . 
  he studied physics in warsaw and sociology in yale . 
  he tries to play historian but is shit at it . 
   gross  historian pick one . 
  it 's a nazi complex . 
  old habits die hard . 
  eu unity is a myth . 
  impossible . 
  everyone is for himself and western europe still thinks of eastern europeans as subhumans . 
  what is your problem ? 
  legit info is good in my book . 
  proved to be reliable more than once . 
  certainly better than the laughable shit from msm . 
  just use r/syriancivilwar for information about syria . 
  there are a few syrians from aleppo there . 
  chill nutjob . 
  if the terrorists didi n't embed with civilians there would n't be high casualties ( which are still low , the civ-terrorist ratio ) . 
  eastern aleppo is still in their hands exactly because they use civilians as hostages . 
  western commitment to aid jihadis intensifies . 
  i see the `` russia responsible for immigrant crisis '' propaganda is bearing fruits . 
  civil war was the goal , that is why terrorists in the crowds started killing security personnel . 
  fake foreign inspired protests , ammo , weapons and intelligence support for terrorists and biased coverage to get more puppets for new proxy war with russia and iran . 
  ouch , hypocrisy levels off the chart . 
  and we now know , the opposition planned to prolong this pointless drama to january 2017 . 
  liberal lunatics got stirred up and used by politicians , again . 
  it was never going to pass , do n't know how anyone could believe it would . 
  they would be committing a political seppuku . 
  it 's called holocaust industry . 
  chill jihadi lover . 
  if the terrorists did n't use civilians as shields they would n't die . 
  simple . 
  yeah . 
  there is literally 0 coverage . 
  i do n't think i remember anything about yemen in our media in the last year or two if ever . 
  funny how no one ever mentions chemical attacks on gov held areas . 
  cool story . 
  sure . 
  awesome accountability . 
  i 'd like to kill people i hate and get a free `` get out of jail '' card , bu i 'm just a regular slave , not an untouchable politician . 
  is is just one group of radicals . 
  every major anti gov group is radicalized and have ties with is or aq . 
  without the fanatics to act as shock troops the rebels would be irrelevant . 
  lol . 
  how biased can you be . 
  the us constantly escalates because it wants `` muh regime change '' . 
  american criminals are not interested in ending this war and the new cease fire further reinforces this . 
    15 year old twerp babbling about the rebirth of the `` great catholic poland lol . 
  never seen such a sight and nationalism is not seen as fashionable . 
  it was always here . 
  another hysterical bullshit smear content from a traitor . 
  i 'd say there should be zero tolerance for european fascists . 
  it 's the owners decision who he want 's and who he does n't want . 
  haha . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  west was always more nationalistic , xenophobic and on top of that murderous . 
  the only reason the ee is labeled as xenophobic is because we are not self destructive idiots getting flooded by criminals and hostile demanding caveman . 
  many western butts are hurting . 
  we are not even close to the racist shit we and us did . 
  at some point . 
  but not now as we still to this day suffer the effects of german savagery and 50 years of communism . 
  a lot of nazis held prominent positions in post war germany . 
  for example this scum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinz_reinefarth . 
  traitors take insults as compliments . 
  it 's very telling about them . 
  and of course the obligatory shit talk , putin , spies , shills , agents everywhere , we are doomed . 
  are you a gw reader ? 
  you sound like those cretins . 
  you are a disgrace to polish people . 
  smearing your country on every occasion you get . 
  dank may mays are world heritage . 
  good . 
  no lowering eu standards for us junk . 
  especially in the food department . 
  people like you are another reason people distrust western msm . 
  putin this , putin that . 
  spies and trolls everywhere . 
  someone has to die . 
  i only hope it wont be a non-french european . 
  you would be amazed what shit people write about nazis when it 's time for some soviet bashing . 
  democracy and some rules i do n't care to investigate . 
  russia is n't alone in this . 
  in poland the government ( pis ) has 234 seats and the whole opposition has 226 . 
  the disproportion is slightly smaller but it 's the same situation . 
  the communists will happen . 
  commies are the second largest force in russia . 
  vladimir is the best choice for russia . 
  well , it never happen in the past , right ? 
  europe is truly pathetic if such thing is worthy of being news . 
  irrelevant . 
  i 'm talking about online media . 
  i have yet to see aggressive trump supporters . 
  i 've only ever seen clinton rabid animals attacking people , bullying their own families and destroying property . 
  mentally sick people . 
  typical left , when someone does n't agree with them .
