what a pathetic little cunt you are . 
  let 's hope for the best , but prepare for the worst . 
  right , you do love to spout uninformed bullshit . 
  thanks for confirming , lad !, 
  nice to know that you got absolutely no idea about the concepts of the reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  spouting bullshit when uninformed , so hot right now !, 
  good . 
  they 're bordering on insanity . 
  state elections rarely show a nationwide trend here . 
  hell , i 'm a member of the spd and have voted for candidates opposing my party in regional/statewide elections , because i was voting tactically/viewed the positions of the other parties on that level as better . 
  i 'll still help in schulz ' campaign and vote for him in the nationwide election . 
  yeah , made up insult . 
  there is `` strohdumm '' , which means `` as stupid as hay '' and essentially you could put many words right before `` dumm '' or `` doof '' and everybody would know what you 're saying , because it 'll all mean exactly the same, 
  her policy always was an emergency policy though . 
  this has not changed . 
  closing the routes after de-stressing greece was an integral part of that emergency policy . 
  otherwise greece would 've never actually been de-stressed , seeing as people would 've come in in the same numbers as before the started the emergency policy . 
  i 'd like to see a different chancellor in power , but she has never been shortsighted and to assume that her immediate emergency policy never included closing the routes after helping greece out does n't do her justice . 
  it might as well be the bone that russia throws towards the eu and the us to assure that assad can remain in power without sanctions from either of these powers . 
  establishing the safety of russia 's puppet dictator like this really would be absolutely no surprise . 
  has been done repeatedly . 
  they 're gon na consider parts of syria safe places , definitely . 
  we 've seen it happen in so many war-torn countries before . 
  it has been done over and over again and yet here we are with you saying `` they will never do this ! '' . 
  serbia was also declared partially safe even during milosevic . 
  if nothing else they will push for a un peace force to secure certain areas of syria . 
   with assad winning in syria , do you really count on that ? 
  libya is also far from stable . 
  oh , definitely . 
  murderous dictator or not , we have declared numerous countries with murderous dictators safe countries . 
  you seem to be utterly misinformed about what constitutes an unsafe region . 
  spoilers : it 's really fucking tough to get an entire country recognized as an unsafe region . 
  most of iraq for example is deemed safe . 
  same for afghanistan . 
  a safe region means that these people will be sent home . 
  you accuse me of falsehoods over nitpicking the three year rule and you say that ? 
  do you actually not read your own articles ? 
   but merkel 's statement on monday was far from an admission of error . 
  while she regretted not having the country sufficiently prepared for an influx of refugees , she stressed that thousands of asylum seekers flocking to europe had been inevitable . 
   the underlying message ? 
  merkel does not regret any of her major decisions in dealing with the refugee crisis . 
  instead , she would rather go back in time to many years before summer 2015 , way before germany 's `` rendezvous with globalization . '' she regrets the organisation of the entire ordeal . 
  not her actions as such . 
  you actually do n't read your sources , do you ? 
   alexander has meticuously researched the refugee crisis and put together what he found out from the inner corridors of power . 
  a brief summary : at the beginning there was a decision to open the borders as thousands of refugees in hungary wanted to go to germany , although there was already an order to close the borders . 
  merkel and her ministers did not dare to go with the original orders , as they feared the images of rejected refugees could harm them politically . 
  merkel also did n't dare to say that that this was an exceptional decision , because the germans ' readiness to warmly receive the refugees had really surprised her . 
  instead , she swam on the wave of the `` welcome culture . '', 
  she did not point out that this was an emergency decision and as a result , more and more came . 
  uncontrolled . 
  uncoordinated . 
  unregistered . 
  the refugee policy got out of hand , even though authorities in the local areas had for months tried to do something extraordinary . 
  she viewed this as an extraordinary step that was necessary to keep a humanitarian crisis from happening and to de-stress a collapsing greek system . 
  you have just proven my point , because this was exactly what i was arguing above . 
  she did n't do this because she was so open and whatnot . 
  she always knew that it was a pragmatic necessity , just as deporting them will be one . 
  you 're overestimating how much that matters . 
  the german parliament determines which regions are safe and which regions are unsafe . 
  not the story of a refugee . 
  you 're attempting to make a case by forgetting important tidbits . 
   is allowed to stay 3 years falsehood . 
  [ they are allowed to stay up to 3 years ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/aufenthg_2004/__26.html ) . 
  reality is that they can stay that time as long as their reason that got refuge granted does not stop existing . 
  had you read the original source or even the text you linked carefully , you would 've known this . 
  one way or another - be it safe zones in libya or syria safe zones , many people will be deported within the coming two years and will never have the chance to see the 5yr rule work in their favour . 
   that we know of - this does n't count illegals that 's a silly statement . 
  illegals are not refugees , are unable to apply for refuge and will either be deported to the first safe country they entered or back to where they originally came from . 
   with ~ 1.3 million refugees ( that we know of - this does n't count illegals ) , the german courts are already overloaded with migrants suing for asylum after being denied . 
  by 2020 , the number is expected to rise to 3.6 million . 
  another very uninformed statement about reality at german courts . 
  the situation was terrible back when the crisis was absolutely atrocious , but has improved greatly and will continue to do so , with the balkan route closed and the mediterranean route losing momentum . 
   on top of the court system comes the difficulty of enforcing the decisions . 
  illegals do n't remove themselves , they tend to hide underground . 
  whenever they are found , they will be deported . 
  the bundespolizei and the zoll are not reluctant like the us and sanctuary cities as a concept do not exist . 
  this behaviour has never and will never lead to being able to live permanently in germany . 
  your idea of a pivot is ridiculous seeing as the same laws that existed before the crisis are being executed now . 
  her stance did n't change one bit . 
  gon na get the full 100 % next time !, 
  that 's not even true . 
  only those that did n't care to inform themselves were n't aware that she was taking them in to de-stress the situation in greece . 
  she always had the intention to send them back as soon as legally possible . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that she switched her position , when she quite frankly has n't . 
  lol, 
  you have no right to tell me or he german society how to define `` german '' . 
  mhm . 
  really showed me . 
  you are definitely correct !, 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  this was n't at all topic of the original argument that you just teabagged into . 
  embarrassing . 
  just want to point out that the federal republic of germany legally is the same entity as the german empire of 1871 , the weimar republic of 1919 and . 
  the nazi reich . 
  so , technically it was n't our predecessor occupying you . 
  it was us . 
  best wishes !, 
  sure !, 
  right , but the argument i was arguing against said there were no reparations .
