   then it 's safe to assume they will [ leave ] the moment they 're asked to pay into the pot the leave was implied as the poster before this poster used it, 
  no , i promise you that russia would care . 
  did you not know that the eu in itself is a defensive pact already ? 
  if an eu country gets attacked , it 's an attack on all eu countries and if even one of those was a nato country , the nato defensive war clause would get triggered . 
  just fyi . 
  i 'm so tired of that argument . 
  sovereign states have a right to join nato on their own accord if nato countries agree . 
  russia has no business demanding which treaties bordering countries may or may not join . 
  of course . 
  i agree on that . 
  it 's certainly a tough call . 
  i generally would argue that a non-binding referendum is pointless . 
  you either have it binding or you do n't have one at all and just look at polls . 
  personally , i 'm not that interested in whether or not the dutch population was against or for this treaty . 
  i 'm just unhappy that there are non-binding referendums . 
  all or nothing when it comes to this , everything else just leads to a situation that wo n't make anybody happy . 
  but i 'm not arguing that . 
  it 's not my logic . 
  my logic is that a vote with a turnout that low regardless of the outcome is not legitimate in my understanding of a functioning democracy . 
  you can say it 's my logic as often as you feel like it , that does n't mean it is . 
  yeah and that 's where i disagree . 
  democracy lives and dies through participation . 
  i 'm defending it because it was non-binding and participation rate was embarrassingly low . 
  if a government was elected with a participation rate of below 50 ( imo even below 60 ) , i 'd think it was illegitimate as well . 
  who ever said that ? 
  stop implying nonsense so that you can have a retarded straw man . 
  what 's the point of arguing if you just construct a broad and generalized statement out of my words ? 
  this is not a partisan issue . 
  you 're trying to make it into one . 
  not every referendum is legitimate . 
  not every referendum makes sense . 
  and abstaining from a democratic election is a legitimate form of protest . 
  stop trying to interpret everything in your way . 
  even though you implied differently , i was n't doing that . 
  you are . 
  and it 's embarrassing . 
  nah , i do n't agree . 
  referendums all over the world ( hungary is also an example ) have been collectively ignored by the people that did n't want it to gain traction in the first place . 
  voting in it means legitimising it . 
  not correct . 
  what stopped them from voting was the assumption that non-voting meant that the referendum was meaningless . 
  i would n't vote , if non-participation had that meaning . 
  not in practice . 
  de facto and de jure , the frg has always been treated as an equal entity and the legal theory accepts this approach as the working and valid one . 
  the frg is not the successor . 
  the frg is the states that existed as german nation state beforehand . 
  if you speak german : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtslage_deutschlands_nach_1945#v.c3.b6lkerrechtlicher_status, 
  this is not true . 
  the federal republic of germany is the same legal entity of the german states coming before it up to 1866 with the foundation of the norddeutscher bund . 
  the german democratic republic however was an entire separate entity that ceased to exist in 1990 . 
  no , legally speaking germany is nazi germany ( and the weimar republic , the kaiserreich and the norddeutscher bund from 1866 ) . 
  come and see . 
  maybe !, 
  doubt it . 
  uk wants access to the financial services market especially to stay competitive to financial institution within the eu . 
  the situation in the canadian treaty is not as free as the uk would need it . 
  and this is just one of the many issues here . 
  canada also has a more restrictive trade deal than what the u.k. wants when it comes to the common market access . 
  you catching my drift ? 
  it 's a basic fundamental part of how the eu negotiates trade deals . 
  no free movement of people means no free movement of goods and capital for the eu . 
  a position i am very glad to have . 
  because he was trying to speak german because it 's an epic meme xddd, 
  it 's the opinion of the people i 'm describing and my description is based on the polls of our big polling institutes . 
  i think you 're misjudging the feelings in germany . 
  we had an even more pro-eu candidate surge a few months ago . 
  merkel has taken on his topics since then and regained her strong position . 
  nobody here except your 10 % afd are talking about how to `` regain independence '' . 
  germans know reform is needed . 
  smh , how uninformed can one be ? 
  yeah , the education permit or the working permit . 
  i do n't see what your problem other than your agenda is . 
  working and studying permits are very well known scans of former commonwealth states regarding u.k. migration . 
  i was talking about human trafficking in general . 
  this specific article is without a doubt about actual eu states . 
  also mind you that romania is not in schengen . 
  it certainly makes it easier , but sadly this kind of human trafficking especially from ukraine for example also happens without freedom of movement . 
  this is not about asylum as much as it works with a working and then the marriage permit . 
  these `` asian crime gangs '' are a known factor in the u.k. well before the refugee crisis ever came up . 
  this is commonwealth migration . 
  not refugee migration . 
  i just want to mention that to have the distinction out there . 
  try reading up on all of this before you say baseless things . 
  it 's even worse , because uk 's gdp in this is more like 1.4 compared to india 's 1 . 
  saying that we could n't have done that anyway is absolutely ignorant . 
  by that logic , cdu is also doing terribly . 
  i never said they were declining . 
  there 's just no big surge happening . 
  it 's normal movements . 
  five years , they were down , 10 years ago they were at their aforementioned maximum that they never reached again in actual results . 
  this big surge just is n't happening . 
  that 's not what matters in a plurality system . 
  if the cdu lost all of their seats and the spd gained all of them , that 's not a win for the afd just because they managed to get to about 7 %, 
  i was told by an anti-eu user yesterday that the eu would collapse in about 50 years . 
  i was really excited to hear that as his folk told us we would be done in five years last time i checked . 
  coming through in the clutch !, 
  do n't forget that a lot of the party funding ** comes from the state of germany ** , which i personally find way more acceptable than mostly private financing via donations . 
  i do n't believe that getting back to old levels of strength can be seen as surging , but that 's just me . 
  the eu needs a clear reform policy , but it 's not as dire as it is being made out to be , if populists get 13 % , when they had 15 % in the past . 
  they won five seats , but are still not even at their highest point back when they got 15 % two elections before .
