  that 's why i and many others are watching it . 
  do you not get that because you 're too busy with your victim narrative ? 
  trump wanted to send a chief diplomat to the eu that outright said that he was coming to `` tame '' the eu . 
  i 'm ok with you not being concerned one bit about an ally 's official saying this outright . 
  i am . 
  poland might wan na have a word with you over that one, 
  why do you worry if your neighbour has men over that have clearly said that they see you as an enemy ? 
  this does n't say that poland has any bad intentions ( whatever that means ) or that the west does n't trust poland . 
  still , why * wouldnt * you worry about your neighbour having guys like that over ? 
  anything else would be irresponsible . 
  posting ben `` label everything because my drawings are so bad that nobody recognises what i wan na say '' garrison out of all people . 
  low quality , just like the british government, 
  constitutional definitions , hell legal definitions as such , are changed all the time . 
  lol , this guy, 
  i disagree with you on that . 
  i never got upset and i had the time as i was in public transit . 
  calm interaction with people is a key to civil discourse , no matter who 's talking . 
  i do n't see how discourse is anything bad . 
  it 's not being looked at like a bad country , but if you take all the benefits like the billions germany has given them in funds and then refuse to take the obligations , you sure as hell can bet that they 're gon na try and cut your benefits . 
  that 's a matter of causality . 
  if poland believes that the eu is overstepping boundaries , let 's settle it in court . 
  unless the us is inherently fascist , that 's not fascism . 
  that 's literally checks and balances of a democracy . 
  so much for it all being fascist . 
  god bless . 
  japan did not willingly enter a treaty system like the eu , now did it ? 
  hungary , czechia , poland and so on did , however . 
  again , if they wan na leave , they 're free to leave , but let me tell you that 's rather unlikely , seeing as they enjoy all the benefits of the treaty they 've entered . 
  simply put , the eu comes with benefits and drawbacks and all three of these countries signed off on it . 
  if there is anything these countries do not want , it 's time to settle it in court . 
  why would us states take the feds to court , i ask you ? 
  why is that even necessary ? 
  that 's fascism !, 
  because court battles are a thing in democracies ? 
  would be actual fascism if there were decisions from the top instead of a debate and if need be public court decisions . 
  that 's how things get settled in a democracy or are you trying to say that every court battle between the states and the feds in the us is fascism ? 
  lol , you 're so determined that your ideology is right that everything you see appears as fascism to you . 
  nice !, 
  your post is all over the place . 
  first , hungary , poland and czechia are not being forced . 
  they have the choice of either taking people in or paying their fair share of the cost by not receiving mad much money as they do . 
  mind you , by your understanding , it would be fascism that germany , france and others have been subsidising countries like poland and hungary for more than a decade , which is absolute nonsense as well . 
  both parties in this have entered the eu voluntarily and are welcome to leave if they do n't like it . 
  having disagreements on certain topics and trying to have your opinion go through is not fascism . 
  in fact , it 's democracy . 
  not to mention , merkel did not do any of this because of political correctness . 
  she did it because greece might have collapsed , had their load not been lightened and that would 've had terrible consequences for the entirety of the eu . 
  i do n't even need to comment on whatever you mean when you 're referring to the antifa , because antifa has nothing to do with the eu . 
  explain how this is fascism in any way , please, 
  * buy, 
  nice edge !, 
  london ? 
  yep . 
  cheers !, 
  this is simply untrue . 
  nothing else i can add to that , because there 's no discussion when you just lie about what the eu does . 
  well , their own guideline states otherwise , so we 'll see, 
  it 's about the continental public . 
  as long as may is in power , the eu is gon na be as tough in the uk as can be . 
  may has made clear that she wants to be an adversary and not divorce on amicable terms . 
  getting this story into international papers , especially english speaking ones , is a good way to spread this story all throughout europe circumventing language barriers from working as a blockade . 
  i hope we 've settled now though that the council explicitly views the sum they asked for as a matter of negotiation . 
  it 's about the continental public . 
  as long as may is in power , the eu is gon na be as tough in the uk as can be . 
  may has made clear that she wants to be an adversary and not divorce on amicable terms . 
  getting this story into international papers , especially english speaking ones , is a good way to spread this story all throughout europe circumventing language barriers from working as a blockade . 
  i hope we 've settled now though that the council explicitly views the sum they asked for as a matter of negotiation . 
  nobody thinks you 're one and the same . 
  stop lying about what my nation thinks . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  this is about finding a common ground in negotiations about this topic . 
  and yes , setting negotiations up in stages is normal and i am in favour of it . 
  if a country wants to join the eu , chapters are also opened up in stages . 
  this makes clear that these stages stand on their own . 
  and are n't skippable . 
  stop painting it as `` eat it or die '' . 
  it 's a separated stage of negotiations . 
  edit : the actual sum if any will be much , much lower . 
  this whole hysteria stoked by the english media is just the eu 's attempt to gain public support to use that as leverage . 
  right , but it literally says that phase 1 is a negotiation . 
  that 's way different form the `` they got ta pay that ! '', 
  ridiculousness you were pushing . 
  it 's a question of negotiation . 
  again : pretty poor reading comprehension . 
  no , it 's literally saying that this is part of the negotiations , which means that they are going to settle the amount of the obligations by negotiating . 
  pretty bad reading comprehension , lad . 
  so literally did n't show me what i asked you . 
  hopeless case . 
  ok , here 's your chance : show me where it talks about the money being a requirement to start negotiations in the guideline . 
  it is not a law . 
  stop throwing around terminology you know nothing about . 
  the eu does n't put out any `` laws '' . 
  there 's no point in going further into this win some of who does n't care about the topic , but about the narrative . 
  http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2017/04/29-euco-brexit-guidelines/ it is not . 
   the european council will remain permanently seized of the matter , and will update these guidelines in the course of the negotiations as necessary . 
  negotiating directives will be adjusted accordingly . 
  these are guidelines . 
  a negotiation plan is not law . 
  for real though , it 's time to stop . 
  this is a terrible project and everybody knew it from the very beginning .
