  not actually true . 
  this spam was so full of the same copypasted spam comments when i wrote my comment . 
  maybe they 're deleted by now , but this entire thread was without a doubt getting brigaded . 
   i find the biggest problem here to be that there 's no debate . 
  just random screaming about the comment section being fucked up . 
  [ read article 3 ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) of the german constitution . 
  ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0028 ) we 've had these kind of things happen before and germans dismissing it as plain racism with no actual value behind it other than quenching an irrational set of fears with no actual effect in reality - we 've had this discussion over and over again in germany btw , which is why most people are tired of it - is mostly them having heard this `` we just do n't want brown skins here '' over and over again in the past . 
  and before we get to the `` the constitution only defines rules regarding the state '' - no , it 's simply not true in germany . 
  in germany we have something called indirect third-party effect that determines that our basic rights also apply to citizen-citizen relationships once it comes to a legal dispute . 
  in this case , [ \u00a7 19 agg ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/agg/__19.html ) clearly builds up on art . 
  3 of our constitution . 
  the action of the training centre is simply illegal . 
  there is no debate about this , because we 've had this over and over again and society as a whole has come to the conclusion that acts like these are illegal . 
  so , who are we supposed to argue with ? 
  with all the people that try to tell us what germany is like despite never having done research about the actual living conditions , the historical circumstances of our laws , our traditions or our society ? 
  that 's not worthy of a discussion . 
   ending in last decade what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  neo-nazi inspired violence is a big and very much an alive topic in east germany . 
  we 've had literal bombings done by neo-nazis in dresden ( where i lived for the last several years ) just last year . 
   the reaction to christmas market attack was just disgusting . 
  mourning over it was disgusting ? 
  i 'm sick and tired of people like you that try to reinterprete a society they 've never experienced or know anything about by studying it . 
  i love my home , but to just ignore its problems is a truly terrible choice . 
  people like you do my home a disservice by pushing your narrative instead of addressing success and issues that actually apply . 
  you realize that we 've had a series of murders by a neo-nazi terrorist organisation ( nsu ) and tens of buildings were firebombed by neo-nazis , right ? 
  all within the last decade . 
  acts of political violence committed by neo-nazis have always outnumbered all other forms of political violence . 
  as an east german , to say that east germany does not have a problem with neo-nazism simply means that you have absolutely no clue what you 're talking about . 
  not like arguing on the internet makes sense right now either . 
  this comment section is hot garbage , jesus . 
  brigading has never been as sexy as it today , it seems . 
  please do n't write adf and sdp . 
  sdp was the party of germans in the sudetes . 
  it just irks me every time, 
  germany . 
  we need a counterweight . 
  multiple if possible . 
  any chance you 'll introduce that electoral law reform before the election after all ? 
  no , i am . 
  lol , u mad, 
  very few of them , but sure . 
  you underestimate the loss of clout . 
  bush already was despised in great parts of the allied countries , but he was still seen as the manifestation of american rage over a horrible tragedy and people at least `` understood '' why the us did what they did . 
  trump on the other hand is in a whole other level . 
  you do n't have to believe me , but european trust in the us will not be restored after 4 or 8 years of trump like that . 
  american foreign policies without the clout are a shadow of what they used to be . 
   and i will gladly participate lmao . 
  always makes me laugh when somebody out of his mother 's basement plays the keyboard warrior . 
  not what the poll was about though . 
  you should come visit, 
  i ask for your forgiveness . 
  thank you for pointing hat out . 
  i ask for your forgiveness . 
  and germany . 
  / r/germany and / r/de ( de is actually germany , switzerland and austria tho . 
  all three national subreddits are not really notable except for foreigners ) edit : it has come to much attention that / r/austria is rather active . 
  give it a visit !, 
  servant to the interests of the german state , am i right ? 
  let me correct myself a bit then : there is simply no universal interpretation ( not even biologically ! ), 
  of when human personhood begins . 
  that 's what i meant to say . 
   that 's my point , and that 's what makes status of being human subject to personal interpretations . 
   despite international laws and treaties on human rights defending the right of humans to live , abortion is legal because judges reject to recognise the humanity of unborn children , even though biologically and historically human life is considered to start at fertilisation . 
  lmao , you 're just completely wrong . 
  there is simply no universal interpretation ( not even biologically ! ), 
  of when human life begins . 
  stop lying . 
  german law in its own system clearly defines what human life is . 
  just as inciting violence is clearly defined and not open to the amount of interpretation you 're implying . 
  you say your friends got judged because judges interpreted `` muslims out '' as inciting violence . 
  you know what i can say to that ? 
  fuck off to wherever you got these lies from . 
  you have no proof whatsoever that ** that ** was what the criminals you call friends got tried for . 
  really , you should stop lying and talking about legal systems you have no clue about . 
  it is fairly funny though how you do n't understand fun about `` your culture being made fun of '' , but then go on to talk complete nonsense about legal systems . 
   well , you see , if some interpretate differently what the concept of human life is , there is significant subjectivity to laws . 
  of course . 
  from state to state . 
  but within germany , there exists a high degree of uniformity of the understanding of legal concepts . 
  not to mention that there are n't even international treaties that specifiy when `` life begins '' . 
  you 're talking complete nonsense . 
  at this point , it has turned from `` funny '' to `` sad '' . 
   abortion . 
  despite international laws and treaties on human rights defending the right of humans to live , abortion is legal because judges reject to recognise the humanity of unborn children , even though biologically and historically human life begins at fertilisation . 
  that must be the furthest stretch i 've ever seen on this website . 
  ** i was talking about the cases of `` kick out all muslims '' you were supposedly talking about ** . 
  also , having a different definition of where life begins is not interpretation of the law . 
  not at all . 
  [ the state of israel for example uses a jewish concept for their definition . 
  ] ( http://www.reclaimingjudaism.org/teachings/when-does-life-begin-jewish-view ), 
   that 's why i 'm saying it all depends upon who interpretates laws . 
  it does n't , really . 
  show me a single court case in which the judge did n't go with the general meaning of the law . 
  german judges have very little freedom regarding the definition and interpretation of laws . 
  we 're not a common law country . 
   cntinual calls for muslims to be kicked out can just as well be seen as part of an campaign with intent of destabilising the mental well-being of muslims and muslim families and as such their life chances within society , which do n't seem to me as innocent things . 
  again , socially ? 
  sure . 
  social stigmas are not a legal issue . 
  legally ?
