  others * want * the national opinions of the csu . 
  we 'll see in the coming months , wo n't we ? 
  welcome to switzerland !, 
  how does that matter ? 
  it 's still a hack . 
  i know where you 're coming from , but that 's not it ( afaik ! ) . 
  intended meaning or not , i like the meaning hat was associated with it over time . 
  not to mention that i just like the german tricolore all together . 
  bosbach is a conservative ( cdu ) . 
  i 'm not a conservative . 
  yet i feel exactly the same . 
  the other poster is correct . 
  the interpretation of `` from the black of the night through the red of the blood to the gold of the sun '' was only put on the uniforms later on . 
  before that , it was simply convenience . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  you have to decide which one of want to keep until you reach the age of 24 . 
  also , please note that most people with turkish heritage in germany have a german passport . 
  not a turkish one . 
  no , this is literally true by definition . 
  an ideology can be extremist ( which you even admitted here ) . 
  this ideology is extremist . 
  case closed . 
  somebody took official stats and combined them in a way that nobody can actually recreate . 
  we 've had this particular graph in the german sub under a week ago . 
  just because somebody links to source does not mean that they actually were true to the sources . 
  somebody took official stats and combined them in a way that nobody can actually recreate . 
  we 've had this particular graph in the german sub under a week ago . 
  just because somebody links to source does not mean that they actually were true to the sources . 
  these stats are completely unreliable and come from a dubious source though ... edit : somebody took official stats and combined them in a way that nobody can actually recreate . 
  we 've had this particular graph in the german sub under a week ago . 
  just because somebody links to source does not mean that they actually were true to the sources . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  your reality seems to be pretty weird . 
  have a good one . 
  your hyperbole was still garbage and just telling you that is n't `` going full rainman '' . 
  you just do n't like being called out . 
  mhm , curious `` real world '' you got there in which people do n't care about atrocious comparisons . 
  seems like you 're in bad company in real life . 
  regardless , you should n't be this upset over somebody telling you that your comparison is bad . 
  it 's my right to tell you that . 
  nobody said anything about allowed or prohibited . 
  just shows you in a light in which your `` argument '' can easily dismissed . 
  what 's the point of a hyperbole that makes no sense in the real world ? 
  the comparison with a goddamn aggressor nation in ww2 is quite preposterous . 
  it 's still just about some comments on the internet . 
  one side raped and murdered , the other talks shit online ,, 
  lad , it 's people on the internet . 
  and even then it 's only a few of them . 
  bayreuth here . 
  i was burning for all of june . 
  we had barely any rain . 
  this summer made me fear global warming . 
  this can not become the norm . 
  how are we supposed to be productive ? 
  yeah , the statistics we have about the greek that migrated here speak the same language . 
  i hope that greece can become what it deserves to be as well . 
  i also hope that the rift that has opened between germany and greece can be closed as well . 
  i am certain that we will make it . 
  with or without the repayment of this loan . 
  it is more important to have greece reform its system so that it can get back on its feet than not cutting the debt in the future or stretching it out to a payment date in the very far future . 
  we can only make it together . 
  very well . 
  rate of `` gymnasium '' ( our best form of high school ) attendance of greek ( or greco-german ) kids is higher than german kids without any migratory background . 
  nowadays however more greeks are leaving germany than migrating to it . 
  greeks and greco-germans integrated and integrate themselves very well in germany . 
  stupidity is subjective . 
  you 're acting as if perceiving decision a to be stupid , but not decision b is hypocritical . 
  it 's not . 
  whataboutisms never were strong arguments . 
  they had some advocates in their party for hebephile relationships very early on , but it died down quickly . 
  doubt there was a ruling on that . 
  yeah , these maps wo n't ever be accurate . 
  being eurosceptic is too broad a term . 
  i think you 're switching it around here . 
  financial hardship is the reason why people turn to collectivism . 
  the public display here does n't make them peaceful . 
  i 've seen plenty of peaceful antifa protestors , but that does n't the essence of antifa peaceful . 
  sure thing , fam . 
  me criticising you automatically means bigotry . 
  i 've always argued against both that aggressive euro nationalism and your overstatement of how oh-so terrible everything has become . 
  clearly bigoted . 
  sure , thing !, 
  again , no point in arguing with someone that bends everything so that it fits their narrative \u00af \\ \\ _ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ _ / \u00af, 
  yeah , you 're twisting reality to fit your narrative . 
  you complain about brits being the target of a lot of shittalking on here and then do n't give a fuck if others get shittalked . 
  you apparently also have the right to decide on which insult is strong and which is n't . 
  you 're acting like nobody was talking shit and banding up against the brits until the brexit vote , when in reality the brits were always shittalked and treated as the black sheep that vetoes everything and tries to put loopholes everywhere . 
  you 're ignoring facts that are inconvenient and only care about what suits your narrative . 
  it 's embarrassing to witness . 
  i addressed the point that `` island monkeys '' and `` perfidious albion '' ** literally always was used as insult against brits , brexit or not ** and you just said `` oh , stop talking about insults i was n't talking about ! '' . 
  you ignore that this is n't a new phenomenon in the real world , though it might be in your own social media bubble . 
  it is seriously embarrassing how much you wan na fall into the victim role over a shittalking that has * always * taken place within the eu . 
  so , yeah . 
  you 're just as bad as euro nationalists , but even less self-aware . 
  there 's no point in arguing with you . 
  you :  who the fuck calls germany nazis , maybe in your mind that 's something that goes on all the time but i assure it 's not acceptable in civilised society . 
  also you :  i never said people do n't call other countries name you 're lying through your teeth and it 's frankly disgusting . 
  have a good one . 
  there 's no arguing with someone that lies as frequently as you do and has normalized it as much as you have . 
  did n't know vivec was still alive .
