  saying `` kick all muslims out '' is not illegal . 
  show me a single case where that happened . 
  the is not a single one . 
   it 's the issue when people talk about laws they do n't understand how subjective the interpretations of such is , and why having a good lawyer is so important . 
  this is the point where i understand that you simply have no idea of the german reality in courts . 
  what else is there to add ? 
  you 're talking out of your ass to justify your ideology . 
  you know what that is ? 
  that 's funny to me . 
  more like purposely did n't put it in , because i trust you to recognise sarcasm :d, 
  factually incorrect !, 
  by that i mean everything you just said !, 
   all you white people shall be burned alive once we take over germany inciting violence . 
  illegal . 
   all muslims should be kicked out of germany not illegal . 
  [ and here is proof that just saying `` foreigners/muslims out '' is not illegal . 
  again , please talk to them . 
  society would appreciate it if they stopped doing actual illegal things . 
  well , your friends seem to be pretty uninformed then !, 
  i 'm a law student and can tell you that if the police comes around for facebook comments , it 's because there were threats or other illegal things in their post . 
  making fun of something or someone is fine . 
  even statements such as `` i do n't like black people '' are perfectly legal !, 
  going any step further - which your friends must have done and i stand by that with my good name , because i 've taken interest in checking out all of these online comment court cases - is of course illegal . 
  talk to your friends about how inciting violence is a crime and why they should n't do it . 
  you 'll help both them and society !, 
  i can ridicule any group i want to ridicule . 
  not sure what you 're talking about , but what you say sounds funny to me !, 
  well , i disagree . 
  it 's funny to make fun of things . 
  that 's the concept of making fun of things in a nutshell btw !, 
  damn , i got trolled by the chief dw troll !!, 
  another dw propaganda article in favour of germany , am i right ? 
  i see , so you can indeed not take a joke about your own ideology . 
  does n't mean we can disregard the benefits we pay in hard money . 
  not to mention - the overall benefits you 're talking about are long term . 
  very long term . 
  the actual payments from us to them have already happened and are happening every day . 
  i for one am a big fan of this kind of solidarity , but some people seem to object . 
  that kinda stuff always gets me laughing . 
  suddenly all of those earlier hateful posters against `` fellow white europeans '' do n't mean anything anymore and the right-wing tries the concept of brotherhood . 
  nice . 
  it really is n't ironic tbh, 
  so you ca n't joke about your political ideology ? 
  it 's simple : the people expected more than that from the spd . 
  she gon ' win , son, 
  and i agree with that . 
  however , that 's not opposed to what i 'm saying . 
  society is indeed different from the class warfare that was being fought back when the spd was still looking to create real socialism by reforms back in the kaiserreich . 
  nowadays the spd definitely has to move from strong socialist reformism to a more centrist approach to succeed . 
  i agree with that . 
  however , there could be a centrist reformism towards a better society . 
  as of now , the spd has no goal whatsoever . 
  no specific idea of what the future of germany should look like . 
  they would catch way more centrist people that vote cdu if they did n't just offer `` angela merkel 's managing wealth policies 2.0 '' . 
  that 's because merkel is great at her own policies that simply `` keep it together '' for germany already . 
  why vote for something that promises exactly that , but a tiny bit more leftist ? 
  the spd does not have to become more left-wing . 
  the voters it would need and the will of the people itself is in the middle of society . 
  of course , class warfare as it was going on back in the times without a strong welfare state are over . 
  no need to go and attempt bringing that back . 
  however , offering now vision as a progressive left-wing party is ... not ideal . 
  36 % in votes , so a bit more in seats . 
  do n't worry though , it 's rather unlikely that it 'll happen . 
  we have n't had a reformist author in decades . 
  it was n't about him . 
  he was great when he was announced . 
  it was about the fact that the spd , my party , has no reformist social democrat vision for germany to offer . 
  just doing what merkel does - managing wealth - , but with a centre-left instead of a centre-right twist is not enough . 
  sadly , the spd has n't realised yet that they need to offer a better future for germany and a way there instead of just walking the way that appears in front of us . 
  writing an article about secularism and what happens when it collides with society ? 
  how dare they !, 
  keep going !, 
  see the post above this one for a good example of `` everything i do n't like is propaganda '' . 
  everything i do n't like is propaganda !, 
  ach , i wish !, 
  instead it 's the people restricted that oftentimes binge drink !, 
  poles for example have been good drinking comrades to me , but they never know when to stop . 
  germans are used to drinking within a social limit as they 're used to drinking outside !, 
  the more you know !, 
  in one of the countries that infringe on the basic human right to drink alcohol outside ? 
  oh no , thank god . 
  i have never lived there . 
  however , i have visited many countries that have enacted these inhumane rules and it was a grey and unhappy sight , let me tell you . 
  the people feel the cruel hand of autocracy wherever they go . 
  freedom will prevail though as it is an inherent part of every human . 
  that 's fine . 
  i do n't want the help from people that regard life in these kinds of dictatorships as normal !, 
  freedom !, 
  yes . 
  find me all the countries that do this , title the list `` countries that need to be reset '' and i will sign it . 
  only few things could make me more opposed to our political and social system in germany than prohibiting drinking in public places . 
  every country . 
  every single one that does this needs to be overhauled . 
  if the state takes away your right to drink in public , justice is a thing of the past . 
  that is absolutely unacceptable . 
  almost an australian situation . 
  detestable . 
  taking freedoms that are as integral as public drinking away is the point of no return . 
  great on a regional level , but embarrassing on the national level . 
  most people just stop registering the stuff on the national level and just vote for them based on the regional success .
