  they 're still four seats down from their height . 
  lots of love from germany !, 
  let 's make the eu the heartfelt project she deserves to be . 
   he thinks he knows what life is like in ireland after being there for like three weeks l m a o m a o, 
   he thinks he knows anything about ireland hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaaaaaaaahah, 
  and now from here we have to work for a new vision of europe and a change for france . 
  we now have the chance to be great . 
  we have n't made it yet . 
   he thinks ireland has no culture hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaaaaaaaahah, 
   france is an irrelevant country hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaah only / r/t _ dumbass supporters , hahahahaha, 
  9:30 pm , i sadly do n't have a link, 
  yep , that was pretty obvious early on though . 
  for example , it 's funny to see how americans oftentimes ca n't believe just how universally hated trump is here in germany . 
  they just ca n't wrap their head around how different these two countries are , despite both being `` western '' . 
  that 's / r/t _ dumbass level . 
  that 's the thing . 
  he did n't say that . 
  / r/t _ dumbass fake news propaganda was unpresidented this election . 
  i still do n't it !, 
  have you ever accidentally your whole sentence while being angry that people love their country and the european union more than your ridiculous idea of the world ? 
  i have never accidentally a whole sentence like that . 
  suuuuuuuuuure your folk have been telling us that we 'd be falling within the next five years . 
  now it 's 50 !, 
  we 're doing an amazing job !, 
  i thank all my fellow europeans for this piece of work . 
  they are though . 
  i love germany and i want it to prosper in the future . 
  i also love the eu and want it to prosper in the future . 
  i am a patriot for both . 
  suck it !, 
  not true , no . 
  65 % turnout at 5 pm . 
  i thought exactly the same . 
  hehehe, 
  there is . 
  these are pollster numbers , not proper numbers . 
  doubt that it 'll matter in the long run , but still . 
  fp\u00d6 is not polling at 40 % for all of austria . 
  simply untrue . 
  you 're a liar to further your cause . 
  lol , considering the positions of the fp\u00d6 then and now , you disproved yourself . 
  yeah , alright . 
  the violent nature of the chechen regime is entirely fabricated . 
  alright . 
  listening to naidoo too much , are we ? 
  wow , now you 've done it . 
  `` central europe '', 
  i just want eu to finally become more equal , both in inner power and importance tbh also , do n't ever mess with geographical terms again or we 'll have to disagree . 
  do you want that ? 
  personally , i 'd love `` poland hosting a summit of 12 core members of the eu to coordinate common interest representation '' we need a counterbalance by the south and east for the west . 
  many of these countries are not central european . 
  the leak was propaganda ( in a non-judging usage here ) to tell the eu-27 population what to expect from its own leaders . 
  nobody gives a crap about your little election . 
  that 's not what actually happened . 
  bad opinion piece , if you ask me . 
  mostly because the `` le pen is gaining ground '' is based on her gaining 2 % since the first round . 
  that 's nothing . 
  no crash by macron . 
  not comparable to clinton for example . 
  hungary is not central europe . 
  norway is n't even part of the eu . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this is / r/europe , is it not ? 
  this is a post about a european fascist organisation , is it not ? 
  stop moving goal posts . 
  well , got ta have people like you that love being an embarrassment . 
  stop lying . 
  antifa is a despicable organisation and is treated as such . 
  never have i seen a positive report about antifa in europe except from meme tier news outlets . 
  ouch . 
  you have not understood the metaphor if you think yours fits better . 
  not even the same foot position , lol . 
  it 's a cringey march of wannabe fascists, 
  you 're not seriously trying to say that they are n't trying to look like edgy para-military forces , right ? 
  they 're just bad at it . 
  they even got the armbands , but did n't have the money to actually go through with the look . 
  not even uniforms smh, 
  completely independent of the organisation and it being good or bad - they look ridiculous . 
  just like some teenagers and some lowlife skinheads . 
  you actually have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  gdp/capita is not as well liked as you make it seem , especially in econ circles . 
  and the whole `` no taxes '' is just uninformed . 
  / shrug what else to expect from americans these days, 
  a regime that has never been an existential threat . 
  you fell hard for the `` america has to be the world police !!!! '', 
  narrative . 
  good job . 
  we 've been warned about iran for three decades now . 
  this is exactly the fearmongering my original post was talking about . 
  not to forget your condescending tone . 
  nice . 
   however nuclear experts regarded the threat as insignificant . 
  mhm . 
  nice fearmongering . 
  nah , you 're completely mistaken . 
  there 's just no point to argue with somebody that consistently ignores the opinion shades of grey that are possible and treats every verbal opponent as the polar opposite to his own opinion . 
  polite people would call you `` a very opinionated individual '' . 
  tell me more , please !, 
  sure thing , buddy.\u30c4, 
  this is one of the most delusional posts i 've seen in the last month lmao,
