why would that make an article lousy ? 
  empirically , the so-called reforms in e.g. 
  greece have led to excessive suffering of people . 
  and as far as i know , there has n't been any significant progress economically . 
  people ca n't afford to have children anymore ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/18/greece-birthrate-austerity-measures-healthcare ) ) , by 2012 34.6 % of the greek population were in risk of poverty or social exclusion ( [ 2 ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=ilc_peps01&amp;lang=en ) ) . 
  i guess you could find quite a few more indicators that the austerity regime made life really shitty . 
  if this is the empirical consequence of austerity , it does n't matter whether those responsible for that regime intended something different . 
  so the question here is whether or not his analysis is right . 
  in any way it 's a perfectly normal assumption , which is additonally and ironically outside of germany widely accepted . 
  oh , i do n't care how anyone * feels * . 
  this is politics , it 's about how people * act * and which results this action leads to . 
  there is just no opposition showing . 
  oh yes , there are a few demonstrations , but firstly there of no avail , secondly it 's doubtable * what * could be a right course of action , since the surveillance is as much a consequence of the technology we employ as its vastness leads to a struggle to find the right words to grasp what is actually happening . 
  just one example for my latter point : putin now is the practical guaranty for free speech ( with snowden ) , a core liberal right , which was essential to describe something that was surely not good , but at least somewhat better than the rest : the free world . 
  that topples the very practice of democracy we used to consider living in . 
  how should it be possible to exercise public reason now ? 
  and you need to add the perspective of the bigger picture here , too : there is not only the vast surveillance , but also a what is described as post-democracy , a clearly unfair ( even measured by its own standards ) economy ( by some described as neo-feudalism ) ... 
  i do n't know where to stop either . 
  and this are all just liberal ( in the german , fdp before 1982 sense of the word ) measurements , they are just touching recent developments . 
  this is a shocking example of the gulf between the reality and the very own standards of our society . 
  and please , do n't see this in black and white . 
  the german government wo n't do a lot . 
  as far as i know , the nsa may know everything about us , but at least they did n't more or less directly kill people or paid those , who did as the german intelligence apparatus did ( in case anyone forgot about the killingsof the nsu and the active involvement of the german agencies in that ) . 
   what is happening in the major cities ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  nothing regarding demonstrations . 
  `` everyone super angry with usa now '' is not quite right , it 's more a discomforted climate between the us and german government ( which basically is the same as the old one , until the new one has been formed ) . 
  the `` str\u00f6bele meeting snowden '' thing is a good example . 
  a member of parliament meets someone , who is officially prosecuted by the core ally of germany ; even though str\u00f6bele is n't and wo n't be a member of the government , it shows that the conflict is more one between two states than one fueled by uprisings or even popular opinion . 
  it 's however discussed in some papers , which surprises me , as i thought they would n't have the breath . 
  if you are able to read german , i strongly suggest gumbrecht 's analysis of the conflict in the faz : http://blogs.faz.net/digital/2013/11/01/verbirgt-sich-in-abhoer-entruestung-399/ . 
  when it 's written , it looks like italian or latin ( and linguists tried to convince me it 's a romance language ) , but when it 's spoken at least i think it sounds eastern european . 
  i 'd like a series of facts about the eu . 
  it 's often said to be not very democratic , it 's unclear to most of the public how and if guidelines set by the eu are binding for national law . 
  if you take a few widely reported issues , there would be a lot of material . 
  sadly , i 'm not competent enough to do that . 
  in this kinds of facts i would be interested in , even if the eu is n't identical with europe . 
  but really , if you 've some questions and think people may be interested , just try them . 
  in theory everthing is gray , as a proverb over here says . 
  oh , oh , another good idea : explain proverbs :d, 
  i do n't think personal attacks help any arguments . 
  to call bullshit ( or : an opinion i think is bullshit ) bullshit though , is qualifying a * statement * . 
  this is necessary in a discussion whether you do it explicitly or not ( or : ignore it ) . 
  when i start a statement with `` this makes me so sick '' or something like that , it 's clear that i state my sentiments * at that point * . 
  but that 's silly , really . 
   both arguments explain it . 
  and yes , in a football setting violence against the other group , whoever they are , is normal and expected . 
  that 's the reason why there are so many cops in football stadiums and the fans are divided into seperated blocks . 
  i do n't think we are improving our respective arguments here ; i did n't , however , mean so much attacks on other football fans when i used to word `` attacks '' , but especially '' \u00dcbergriffe '' . 
  attacks on kebab shops ( as a lot of them happened in e.g. 
  dresden ) etc. 
  i suppose i misunderstood you in that respect . 
   it changes the credibility of their analysis and possibly their methods . 
  well , i judge the credibility of ones arguments based on their argument . 
  this is , incidentally , what i meant when i wished for a rational discussion . 
  to be honest , i think that 's a waste of time , but my potatoes ( you see how my germaneness influences me ? ), 
  are done now . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't see many arguments in your posts . 
   sentiments about germany 200 years ago have no relevance today i very much tried , and spend for far much time doing that , to rationally argue and not just state sentiments . 
  that you see it as such shows how much * you * are biased . 
  also , i tried to show it is influencing germany today . 
  the concept of longue duree , just as an example , known by history , is a concept that generally shows how * much * history is influenced by structures for which 200 years are no time . 
  that may seem like a lot , but to only treat something that happened that long ago as such , is a prejudice . 
  a very clear example : most of the german law ( i mean the bgb ) is still rooted in the law found in the first instance of the german nation . 
  and the word * german * in the sense used now to describe a modern nation , stems from around 1812 . 
  these are at least the roots ( even though the modern concept of the german nation is in a lot of aspects quite different ) of the concept of a german nation , we have now . 
  to further use my metaphor : what happens to a tree without roots ? 
  do n't the roots influence the grow of the tree and condition of it 's leaves ? 
   more violence against foreigners during a world championship is easily explained by more opportunities and hooliganism it 's not . 
  how should it be ? 
  are more foreigners ( which means `` more opportunities ? 
  '' , i suppose ? ), 
  necessary for more attacks ? 
  no as there are a lot of foreigners you find in your everyday life . 
  do you mean more ( well , mostly  men are gathered ? 
  i do n't think attacking someone marked as an foreigner , is something which just happens naturally when some germans are together ( even though that would nicely prove my theory  ) . 
  hooliginasim is n't something that is necessarily connected to attacking not-germans neither . 
  you see , you need a reason why there were more attacks on foreigners . 
  neither of your arguments explain that , in fact they depend on the assumption that attacking foreigners is somewhat a normal behaviour , something to be expected . 
  that is an even stronger version of my theory . 
   biased studies by far-left sociologists i did n't know that any political association changes the value of an argument . 
  heitmeyer surely is neither far-left nor biased , his study `` deutsche zust\u00e4nde '' was appreciated by most of the intellectual ( for the lack of a better word , i mean the very postive in more important magizines and newspapers ) german public . 
  it is very interesting that you see heitmeyer as a far-left sociologists , while his concept of gruppenbezogene menschenfeindlichkeit , one of his main interests , is challenged by exactly those ( see for example : [ gerhard henschel : ein rassist bleibt ein rassist ! ] ( http://www.freitag.de/autoren/der-freitag/ein-rassist-bleibt-ein-rassist ) ) . 
  just for your information , a lot of the most important sociologists like foucault or even habermas were at least rooted in what whould be considerd now as `` far-left '' . 
  even in hegel , one of the grandfathers of sociology , you find a deep affection for the french revolution , if you will a precursor of what is nowadays called `` far-left '' . 
  that does n't devalue their statements . 
  well , i do n't suppose my arguments convince you . 
  this is a heavily charged discussion , but i would like it still if one would try to argue rationally . 
  how is that relevant here ? 
  i will try , though . 
  merkel is successful , because she is the perfect media chancellor . 
  she has seemingly no core opinions . 
  while the cdu , her party , was strongly in support of nuclear energy , after fukushima she completely turned about that issue . 
  and she sold that as a learning process , even though her reasons were clearly the shifting popular opinion . 
  people believed her though . 
  if you are able to play your politics according to the opinion of the masses , you are deemed to be successful in elections . 
  in the same time , she adopted a lot of social democratic ideas and thus served the parts of the cdu concerned with social questions as well as some of the spd voters : the cdu , a party usually concerned with keeping women at home , gave every parent a legal claim to a place in a kindergarten for their kid . 
  with that kind of social democratic policy , she kept the spd small and had no big protests to fear . 
  on the other hand , she is `` mutti '' ( which means `` mom '' ) , as which she is often referred to . 
  she is n't good at debates , she is good at giving people the feeling that everything is alright , that there is nothing to fear and much more important things in their private lives , since she is caring about politics , thus the people do n't need to worry .
