  firstly , i find it odd how you can see people react based on their national background . 
  i think turnusb is quite right : before we ask for the right of the claim , we should ask how we are involved in the topic . 
  the article reports on two different claims ( 1 ) reperations , ( 2 ) a forced loan to the deutsche reich . 
  both claims have been wildly reported and supported by a number of greek experts . 
  i for one am neither a specialist in international law nor finance , but think that it 's too easy to say that germany ( which germany , btw ? 
  the frg paid just about 3bn in reperations ( iirc ) , while the gdr paid several times more ) has paid its debt and that the greeks are just coming for * our * ( well ... ) money . 
  so i think turnusb 's remark was quite right ... afirejar : why did you open the question of the greek bailouts ? 
  * this * is entirely different from claims . 
  and please note , that the bailouts are mostly generating profits for the german economy ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=malcqbod9qc ) . 
  the greek people , however , suffer as no population in modern times has suffered before , when it was not at war . 
  yeah and it tries to falsify a conspiray theory maintained by a group of ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ conspirators , who claim that germany is , according to international law , not existent but the deutsche reich ( in the borders of 1937 or 1939 ) is still around . 
  they are really strange , but have some suction with some nazis . 
  even if they were right by law , some tanks made it quite clear that the deutsche reich is n't existing any more . 
  here wikipedia explains it much better than i do : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kommissarische_reichsregierung, 
  sorry , germany was n't very good in paying back the debts of the reich . 
  this is generalizing the problem too much . 
  to a large degree they were suspended after wwii . 
  for example , the germans owe several billions to greece ( see : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-commission-concludes-germany-owes-billions-in-war-reparations-a-893084.html ) and there is at least some truth to this romanian claim . 
  the figure might be wrong , still it should be a general topic now germany has a stable economy to repay the debts . 
  umm , i meant that it 's hard to not blur diverse living condition by using seemingly neutral terms as `` germany '' . 
  it seemingly means `` all people of germany '' , when its proper sense here would be `` the german economy '' . 
  the difference between them is huge . 
  to veil that is `` ideology '' . 
  i think you meant `` ideology '' as in `` school of thought '' . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  what is wrong with politics playing theatre ? 
  i trust a good drama more than a politician who says he is * authentic *  . 
  to put it differently : i did n't really got your point . 
  i mean , you * can * read a lot about keynesianism and neoliberalism in the papers if you look for it . 
  sure , here on reddit it 's easier to communicate in snippets like those you wrote about . 
  the same goes for the pub , i suppose . 
  but i 'm neither sure people do n't understand that both propositions have a lot of consequences and premisses nor that communicating in snippets is just that . 
  but i 'm really not sure about it . 
  yeah you are right , i think . 
  that really shows how deep ideology goes : even on a mere level of words it 's hard not to blur the diverse living conditions . 
  saying `` germany '' is sometimes to easy , i suppose . 
  yeah and the greek people are to a great degree living * already * in a really shitty condition . 
  their health care system is n't really working anymore , they suffered income decreases by more than 20 % . 
  are they responsible for any of what happened ? 
  even if they were , europe is about creating a good place for anyone ^ ( well , it should be ) . 
  not making life even shittier , which is essentially the consequence of the mostly german economical behaviour . 
  this is such an obvious answer , naurgul . 
  thank you for pointing this out . 
  i ca n't believe how many people are still believing that treating the greek economy as if it their budget were that of a private household would be helping anyone but the creditors ( or the german economy ) . 
  a while ago there was a great documentary ( in german , there is probably a french version out there , too : http://videos.arte.tv/de/videos/staatsgeheimnis-bankenrettung--7561076.html or for an active video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=malcqbod9qc ) on who actually profits of all the financial aids . 
  no wonder , it was mostly germany : - / . 
  yeah , i think this is true . 
  there are some historians arguing that a lot of arabic countries gave islam a much heavier weight in reaction to the occupation of the region . 
  so islam and the way it is practiced now would be not a religious problem , even the deeply * islamistic * movements , but something akin to a * dirndl * or the so called traditional * kilt * , nothing more than a reaction to the special conditions of modern times in a certain population . 
  i think this is well know for afghanistan , as the development of al qaida as counter terrorists against the soviets has been often reported . 
  but the thesis here is broader : that what is perceived as an * archaic * religion ( meaning countries practising the sharia ) is much more a ( 1 ) a reaction to the colonisation or , to put it differently , a way of dealing with modern times , ( 2 ) a complex historical development ( as the influence of a certain variaty of strict islam was quite literally fuelled by oil prices , which gave upheavel ) . 
  look , with muslims the problem is that they are mostly migrants . 
  in german politics , when you want to make a racist comment about the turkish , you rather talk about muslims . 
  it 's easier . 
  on another level , there is the narrative that we live in a christian-jewish culture , which is , of course , bullshit , since many countries only exist because they went * against * religion and a lot of the cultural canon we only knew due to the arabic tradition ( e.g. 
  large parts of aristotle ) . 
  so this fuels anti-muslim hatred and seems to allow for a rational discrimination against them . 
  and while all this prejudices exist , migrants often live in really shitty condition . 
  there are studies that show that if you have a typical german surname you are prefered to someone who has a arabic or turkish surname , even if their grades are better . 
  combined with the heavily selective school system , this leads often to a certain segregation of migrants , who are often muslim . 
  there is a saying : `` class matters more than culture '' , which means that the economic status of a person is much more important than their cultural background . 
  if you are cut off of even the silly live capitalism allows , e.g. 
  a job with a salary which allows a decent living , what do you want to do ? 
  so , yeah . 
  there might be a problem with muslims . 
  but to a large degree it 's been made by the majority of society . 
  `` religion '' is often a wrapper , that is used to veil the real problems and which allow an easy media narrative . 
  on another level there is also a certain problematic element in some muslim traditions ( e.g. 
  the sharia ) -- but i really do n't see it a ) being supported by the majority of muslims ( quite the contrary ) b ) any real problem that is a political topic in any proper sense , so i think that c ) the perspective i described above is much more accurate to the situation . 
  and it 's anyway something you need to think about before raising the other questions , as it shows that oneself is often deeply involved in producing the muslim stereotype , one later criticises . 
  / / / oh , did n't mean to reply . 
  anyway . 
  probably it fits here , too . 
  here is an article about the mass of the data : http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jun/08/nsa-boundless-informant-global-datamining#_ but really , i 'm not sure . 
  and do note that most of the information is raw ( i.e. 
  : not a dossier about a person as the stasi data were ) and has only an intelligence value in connection to a lot of other raw data . 
  sure , i do n't disagree with this . 
  i do think , though , that stating the surprise of a lack of protest is having its own right . 
  and i 'm not sure if people do n't get it or if they just do n't see a chance for a political intervention . 
  the even more complex sopa , pipa , acta were welcomed with a huge storm of protest . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  it might also be an explanation that this is not the first revelation of this kind , there was echelon . 
  but still the sheer mass of the collected data is just ... a mass . 
  there was this great visualisation : http://apps.opendatacity.de/stasi-vs-nsa/english.html, 
  all hail to king ludd . 
  yeah , i think this fatalistic view is sadly right in this situation . 
  i feel the same . 
  however , this is essentially giving up on democracy and its core liberal values . 
  so we should at least try to do something about it . 
  it seems so strange to me that we learn that all this paranoid phantasies are sadly true and we are essentially watched all the time . 
  even encrypting does n't help much , it seems to me , since all the communication data is stored for quite a period of time . 
  what i really find outraging is the lack of a political momentum . 
  there are no protest marches , there is no opposition visibly . 
  it 's really strange . 
  maybe we should just abolish all the intelligence apparatus . 
  but beside fringe parties , there is no one talking about this obviously systematic problem . 
  i think the matter is more complicated as hungary currently uses the refugees as political pressure in the current eu debate about the distribution of refugees . 
  also , even though the current hungarian government may not like that : but human rights also apply to hungary . 
  sorry , i can understand them . 
  it 's the logic of everyday live to economically calculate your chances .
