  it serves me . 
  i do n't serve it . 
  patriotism topples that relation . 
  ^ ( that got so damn long . 
  i 'm very sorry . 
  if anyone read it , thank you . ), 
  :-) ( point is , even jokes are political . 
  maybe especially jokes . 
  i know that may sound very clich\u00e9 . 
  i do n't care . ), 
  i do n't understand how pan-germanism is relevant here . 
  surely , there are more factors to consider when talking of the german nation than i 've -- and i do n't know much about pan-germanism , to be frank ( however , 1848 is quite a complex and ideologically-laden topic , the `` new '' germany tries to establish kind of a clean history in calling on 1848 and it overlooks that a lot of the protagonists there were stark anti-semites , to just highlight one point ) . 
  i made the points i made because they show why `` nationalism/patriotism '' is something very special in germany . 
  yeah antisemitism is n't in itself a german speciality . 
  just look at hungary or greece today . 
  however , historically we have to differentiate between ( 1 ) anti-judaism with its clerical traditions ( the jews as those who have killed the messiah , which is a concept that has/had has it 's roots all over europe and their colonies ) , ( 2 ) anti-semitism in a specific german sense ( which does n't mean it was limited to germany , but that it had , maybe : has , a very long tradition here and a tradition which is deeply linked to the german idea of a nation , which was my point here ) , a sense which is highlighted especially in the concept of `` eliminatoric antisemitsm '' . 
  and while the jews had to live in ghettos all over europe in medieval times , in germany a lot of these ghettos were only demolished with the wars following the french revolution . 
  sorry , i think the internet is n't just a place to share memes or jokes . 
  on whom do i impose , anyway ? 
  well , i meant the idea that blood is the most relevant factor if you have to decide whether one is german or not . 
  this is essentially `` race '' . 
  up until the 2000s the jus sanguinis ( for more information on this crude tradition : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis ) was the dominant paradigm for deciding the question of being a german , and it still is to a large degree . 
  this is in stark contrast to those considered french in the french revolution , for example : it was essentially anyone who liked their ideas ( or who was thought of as such , you could be a member of the french nation even against your will ) . 
  point is , that in germany `` nation '' has quite a different tradition than in most other european countries , and especially different from the usa , uk and france . 
  germany as an idea , as a nation only arose in defense against napoleon around 1812 : some key figures of that early nationalism were people like ernst moritz arndt . 
  germany as a nation , as a political reality was founded after the defeat of france , it was founded by the ruling classes , by the forces of the past , i.e. 
  the nobility in a time when the middle class was already strong in other countries . 
  this is just a sketch , because this is the internet  . 
  the idea of `` nation '' means in france the whole world , it is the idea of a political community founded upon common values , essentially not limited to a certain `` race '' ( as in the german tradition ) nor a country ( see e.g. 
  or here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/what_is_the_third_estate%3f ) . 
  in the us , this is quite the same . 
  all these nations were the results of a bourgeois or civiv revolution -- in germany , it was the result of the old ruling classes beating france . 
  germany was already in its beginning an idea that was exclusive , which essentially needed the idea of the other -- be it the french , be it the jew . 
  and , uh , well , this tradition took its toll from 1933-1945 . 
  these years were not an exemption , they were the consequence of what `` germany '' traditionally means . 
  even after the soccer world championship in germany , when there was a new , easy `` patriotism '' here , as the media said , statistically the attacks on people thought of as `` foreigner '' were higher than before . 
  the idea of a good patriotism is wrong , as the study `` deutsche zust\u00e4nde '' argues ( see ( de ) : http://www.uni-bielefeld.de/ikg/gmf/pdf/ergebnisse_2006.pdf , esp . 
  ( however , this study does n't prove my argument that the attacks on foreigners were higher , as i do n't have much time left , google it for yourselve :-) ) . 
  here is a summary of the recent discussion in germany regarding nationalism ( de ) : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wissen/fahnenmeere-zur-em-party-patriotismus-ist-nationalismus-1.1394854 and these points did n't even cover the general question why an affectionate relation to ones nation is anything desirable in a democracy . 
  i get really sick over these `` but the others are patriotic , too '' - bullshit . . 
  if you look at the historic tradition , german nationalism is politically wrong . 
  if you look at the recent discussions , studies , figures they prove the same . 
  so your claim that germany should celebrate it 's nation like the others needs very , very good reasoning . 
  i do n't see that in that cartoon . 
  it has been pointed out that the trend in germany is relevant , * because * of the situation the greeks are in . 
  what is supporting the german economy ? 
  the export . 
  what is export ? 
  other countries buying what germany produces . 
  why do they buy it ? 
  because it 's cheaper than what they produce . 
  what does it entail ? 
  that their economy * transfers * their money to us , which means a structural deficit , i.e. 
  the core problem of greece or france . 
  what could you do against it ? 
  ( 1 ) reducing the wages in other countries like france in order to have a better position in concurrence with esp . 
  germany ( as most of its exports go the eu and to a large degree france ) . 
  ( 2 ) make german products more expansive , support the german economy from within , which means essentially higher wages . 
  it 's that easy , sir or madam . 
   people have as much as never before , if they would care to take an unbiased look . 
  you yourself cited the rise in atypical work and the low wages associated with that . 
  the typical german income ( taking inflation into account ) is as much as it been around the 1990ies , iirc . 
  you have a false perception of society . 
  especially in germany , work or better labour has a huge cultural appreciation . 
  you work for work 's sake , if you will . 
  it 's still one of the most important ways of integration , of being part of a large group . 
  aside from some people , the large majority of germany does n't think rationally about work . 
  ( and that is before considering all the sideaspects of the welfare regime , as the constant supervision etc. ), 
  ( however , * i * would like a great big welfare check each month and instead of working , i could plant some trees , care for my garden , talk with people , write about politics , be often in the pub and sleep till noon . 
  that sounds like a good life to me ... ), 
  umm , you really have your numbers mixed here . 
  you ca n't treat the hartz 4 basic income for four people as if were the wage of one person working . 
  hartz 4 has to constitutionally guarantee a decent living standard . 
  to live with 1,704 with 4 people is not that easy , but it 's the combined alg 2 for four people , not just one . 
  also , i do n't see how that is even relevant here ? 
  yeah , of course on of the reasons for the recent acceleration of low-wage-jobs is the rise of so called atypical jobs . 
  it has been shown several times that this rise has been due to the effects of agenda 2010 . 
  so what is your argument ? 
  that low-wage-jobs have an economic reason ? 
  what would that explain ? 
  the problem is , people do n't have enough to get by on a daily basis . 
  we are as rich as never before as a society , people should have as much as never before !, 
  it 's that easy . 
  well , other people have pointed out that you have picked the one line of work in which people are well organised and have still okish wages . 
  however , means `` verabeitendes gewerbe '' also those producing cars for vw or whomever as a service ( `` zeitarbeiter '' ) ? 
  i think for a proper proposition about the relation of wages and productivity , we should look at the wages share ( the part of the national income which is distributed to the wages ) in relation the gdp . 
  if you look at this , germany is below the eu average : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/adjustedwageshareusafrgjapan.png, 
  france , do n't reform your country as we did here in germany . 
  you will transform a lot of jobs in low-wage-jobs , have the employee in a much more inferior relation to the employer . 
  the middle class will erode ; in germany all we have , if we are lucky , is work , which is often badly paid . 
  and our cheap labour costs are putting you under the pressure to reform your economy . 
  so if you reformed your economy , who would be safe , who would be next ? 
  maybe a solution would be an european campaign to raise the wages in germany substantially . 
  the article is , anyway , shy of knowledge about the consequences mr. schr\u00f6der 's reforms had . 
  germany is to a large degree not doing well at all , if you look at the living situation of most people . 
  its rhetorics are , to put it mildly , strange : it swarms with words like `` necessary '' , implying that everyone knows the situation is bad and it must change in the way germany has changed in order to survive . 
  which is just not true -- i described another perspective above . 
  talking about rhetorics , i also do n't like his figure of the left as the new conservatives . 
  when were the left ever about change for change 's sake ? 
  `` progressive '' was based on the values of the french revolution -- it meant a society , which becomes more just .
