   he most hilarious bunch of them are usually fount on r/atheism [ 1 ] pointing fingers at religionists , armed with a little knowledge and used very badly . 
   when you do n't have an argument you get turn into a down vote brigade . 
  so , you have any ground for that accusations , from for example my post history or something , or are you just retreating to ad hominem / guilt by association ? 
  unlike many other countries germany , like sweden , claims some sort of moral superiority over countries that do n't take so many refugees . 
  also our countries are among the best in talking about `` muh environment '' but when it comes to actually taking some action , why not invest into some autocratic regime in eastern europe whose favorite past time the last two years has been vacations with arms in neighboring countries , kidnapping of estonian officers and ukrainian pilots in their own respective home countries and supporting a barrel bombing maniac in the me . 
  so edgy . 
   i 'm almost certain that the shot was an case of mistaken identity i do n't think ( or hope ) anyone with iq over 2 actually argues otherwise . 
   ah , i remember now . 
  they 've only got a single example of the craft , but the lugansk republic does apparently field an su-25 . 
  source is in russian , google translate helps . 
  [ 1 ] thanks for the source . 
  i knew they were talking loud and often about their captured plane but did n't hear about it going up the air . 
  again anything coming from lifenews needs to be verified by external sources and when i google this info i get only russian media and some . su domains making that su-25 claim lol . 
  again , even if ukrainians were paranoid about an actual russian army at the time i doubt they 'd have deployed combat ready buks just for the heck of it . 
   i 'd really like to give them every chance at a proper understanding and completely rule out any fuckery from the ukraine before i go fully pinning the blame on the novorossiyans . 
  i really feel this position is somewhat far fetched . 
  pretty much everything points toward a shoot down by lnr/dnr , but claiming responsibility from a milita without any clear structure and accountability makes little sense . 
  i think russia must bear responsibility of providing powerful weaponry to a bunch of monkeys . 
  for contrast , the us have been careless with distributing arms to insurgent groups around the world , but they at least have had the sense of not sending them sams with a range of 10km + or heavy artillery systems ... 
  if that has been needed , the us themselves got involved for the most time . 
  you ca n't possibly argue that investing in fossil fuels from an aggressor country in 2015 is good timing ? 
  i have n't seen any reports of dnr/lnr flying any such aircraft . 
  the only thing that they have been flying that i know of are one ancient piece of aircraft from early 20th century for some commemoration and russian drones . 
  sure ua army would be wise in keeping some buks of their own close but i doubt they 'd have them on combat alert if the adversary side does n't have any active duty airforce , do n't you think ? 
  wonder what would happen if lufthansa had been the victim instead of ma . 
  and german companies need that sweet sweet profits from north stream ii . 
   the ukrainians are saying the same thing about the russians ... i 'd filter out the crappy volleys of accusations coming from the warring factions . 
  the thing is it is now confirmed even by the russian side ( took only a bit over a year ) that it was a sam that shot down the plane . 
  now we have the very simple question to ask ourselves - why would ukraine have active sams if dnr/lnr do n't have any air force . 
   but ideally he would be deported rather than flayed again , depending on their law . 
  thanks for the links and discussion , will check them out at another time . 
  time to go to bed , 
   however we do have private infrastructure today , like the internet . 
  much of it is purely private and it works , and competition makes it cheaper . 
  sure , but even that was strongly encouraged by our governments . 
  and you can check the frontpage of reddit if you thick that a `` free '' internet market is infallible , like in the us . 
  actually you can see a much higher class mobility in socialistic countries like norway and sweden than in countries with weak governmental agencies such as us . 
  another thing that does n't seem to work too well is the hospital system where even if you 're insured you still can be fucked because the ambulance brought you to the wrong hospital where your insurance did n't have any deal with . 
  in sweden the privatization of schools has been a disaster where the companies simply decrease the teaching hours in order to withdraw higher win margins . 
  i 'm not saying that governments never do any errors and the political class has a lot of flaws and do crazy stuff every day , but they 're not necessarily worse than companies . 
   it is everywhere around you , also there is this graph based on world bank etc numbers :  http://markhumphrys.com/bitmaps/economic.freedom.gdp.2006.gif[1] thanks for the source , i was hoping for something more substantial than a graph with little context . 
  the terms are not defined , the individual countries are not indicated etc. .  why do you think sweden got so wealthy before ? 
  was it because of a big welfare state ? 
  no , it was because of entrepeneurs , and and an investor friendly environment , before the welfare state even started to exist . 
  singapore and hong kong are also great examples . 
  they were sumps and villages 50 years ago , but look at them now . 
  yes , it is true that entrepreneurship is the sole reason for the welfare we have in west . 
  its foundation is a stable society with transparent courts and strong protection of private property as well as a stable government and a steady stream of workforce with relevant skills . 
  it is however academically dishonest to imply that taxation would hinder this progress since the roads that are built by the tax payers are used by the companies . 
  the people working for the companies are educated in tax funded schools and universities . 
  i have never heard of a functioning state where each company owns its won road network . 
  or a country which relies big corporate to finance the education system . 
  obviously something that keeps my tourettes in check unlike you . 
  can you please show me any research or example where this actually has worked . 
  so your solution to a better society is that everyone does tax fraud like for example in greece ? 
  even incompetent politicians would make better use of that money than that money just being transferred to cayman islands and sit there for ever . 
   the problem as i understand it is the swedish democrats are seen as kinda far right extreme party , so if the mainstream centre right parties agree to deal with them it may cost them votes in the election to the left . 
  it most definitively would . 
   it 's the same thing in the uk with ukip , ** even if they 're not that extreme they 're seen that way ** , so no party can support/work with them . 
  to be honest the same can be said about sd . 
   the alliance opposition could still block other legislation we have [ all kinds of crazy propositions ] ( https://www.riksdagen.se/sv/dokument-lagar/forslag/motioner/sankt-dansbandsmoms_h002sk201/?text=true ) that never pass parliament . 
  in fact something like 95-99 % of all suggestions do n't pass . 
  the means to reign is always the money . 
  this is how the government actually delivers its promises , not by trying to put new laws into practice but by just governing with a different priority . 
  the right had to negotiate that certain things would not be included into the forthcomming budgets , this way the alliance could keep their face by 1 . saying that they defended their voter 's interests . 
  this is dirty , but they 'd at least be able to claim that the left ca n't deliver their pre-election promises . 
  funny , i was on a lecture about hiv/aids by a gay guy who had it and told of his ( amazing ) story . 
  basically his conclusion was that he cought it while travelling in saudi arabia because allegedly it 's actually very easy to find another guy since they are so segregated by gender . 
  well they basically gave carte blanche for the government to push their agenda . 
  an opposition is supposed to oppose that . . 
  the alliance could have demanded concrete promises on key issues instead of the '' * if * we win , the left wo n't block us in 2018 '' . 
  sigh , this is so far from the truth ... 
  how many supporting the right ( not sd ) including me were arguing is basically that the right gave up their right to be an opposition . 
  i know my mom who is generally pro-russian all things combined dislikes her because she `` unjustifiedly paints russia and soviet union in dark colours '' . 
  but my mom is just a * homo sovietikus * i suppose . . 
  anyway , made my day !, 
  edit : svetlana used to be a columnist in our local swedish newspaper too . 
  great sunday morning discussions !, 
  i never laugh out loud at jokes on the internet . 
  but this time i actually laughed . 
  this is such a `` fuck you '' to russia . 
  i 'll be tuning in for russian butthurtness on their national tv later tonight !, 
  as an electrical engineer , that is such a bullshit way of looking at the problem . 
  first off , no one is claiming that wind & solar or wind or solar is a mighty hammer that will solve all problems . 
  it 's one of the part solutions . 
  why should we * not * build wind if it 's economically viable ? 
  electricity generation is intimately coupled with geographic location . 
  some countries can have a lot of solar - , some a lot of wind - others a lot of hydropower . 
  no single technology will solve all problems locally but together they will at least reduce our dependency on russian gas and terrible coal power plants . 
  tell me , is that a bad thing ? 
  i honestly expect people to speak up against it . 
  because if you and i do n't take a stand how can we demand that others do ? 
  if we do n't speak up , the crazies will be unchallenged and they will be able to shift focus to their advantage . 
  as if that 's a merit . . we as a species are retarded at times . 
  i 'm not happy about it either : / . . 
  could never imagine height could be a deciding factor when picking a victim . . 
  i 'm baffled by the response in this thread . 
  i sincerely hate the russian regime but you ca n't go about and assault people on the streets because of their ethnicity . . 
   sheeps, 
  in swedish he 's called `` farbror '' which is also dad 's brother . .
