  that 's probably why he is n't popular among ordinary swedes who prefer more toned down politicians . 
  could you suggest more reading on which universities are considered to be diploma mills in poland ? 
  i know a great many of swedish youth that ca n't get in to med school go to polish pay schools . 
  actually , getting news from reddit is n't a bad thing as some news hipsters might argue . 
  what 's good about reddit is that i can access news from sources i 've never even heard of before . 
  surely they might be activist sites or/and proper news agencies , but if you see the `` hot '' page , you 'll mainly see only major news networks like bbc aljazeera or wsp . 
  just because i was notified of an article on reddit does n't discredit the article itself . 
  but one should n't just turn autopilot on and assume good news are being made just because it 's the times or something either ... 
  i bet russia would apply to such a union like they did apply to join nato . 
  dude , computers . 
  nobody except school children does calculations manually nowadays . 
  wh\u00e4t are y\u00f6u guise t\u00e5king abutt ? 
  from what i know they 're quite neutral on people from what * they * consider european . 
  since greece/italy is kind of considered to be the cradle of european civilization greeks and italians will do fine , but will not be hailed as brothers either . 
  they 're mostly skeptical/hostile to immigrants from countries that they consider to clash with swedish culture . 
  that said , this is only an educated guess since i 'm not a sympathizer of that party . 
  why should one sort it out by the factors of `` ethnicity '' and `` race '' only ? 
  why not add some other suitable parameters to measure among rapists , like say shoe size , hand size , height ? 
  because you know , just because one is born black/white/jewish does n't really automatically give the person a set of skills and/or personal traits ? 
  you know that there are 5/7 parties that are at 15 % or below . 
  so with that kind of logic about 5/7 parties are extremists . 
  however , these 5/7 small parties themselves would gather 38,8 % of votes according to the latest data for feb. 
  i heard you guys are not treating the russian minorities well . 
  knock knock . . 
  swedish resident here . 
  have n't heard of this lng terminal before , so we do n't mind i guess . 
  despite joke and all , it 's still funny to see how empty the streets are in moscow when he does this . 
  the city is jammed all the time in all directions 24/7 normally . 
  yeah , except russia does n't really produce a sizeable amount of domestic goods that are in demand even by russians . 
  russia has very limited product development that can compete with us/eu stuff . 
  but their sugar daddies are . 
  oh trust me , sweden is very much for sanctions against russia . 
  our minister of foreign affairs was extremely skeptical against north stream and blocked it until even germany etc insisted that it should go through sweden . 
  reminds me of my grandparents that were saving money for a car for their son once he got back from the army . 
  in that time the soviet collapsed and all he got was a couple of shoes . 
  how is that a joke if it 's true ? 
  as a clarification , a non-citizen of sweden needs to have lived at least 4 years to vote locally . 
  so it still demands some kind of attachment to the area . 
  that sweden has the highest suicides rates in the world . 
  [ it 's simply not true !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ), 
  i do n't know if its the miserably lousy eu elections campaign in general or that the june list has n't made itself heard . 
  i consider myself to be quite up to date with world and domestic politics and have n't heard of this ... 
  i would pay a good money to see channel 1 russia justify putin 's personal fortune . 
  also : nukes in hands of unknown people with shady past . 
  yay !, 
  as an electric power engineering student , i approve !, 
  before when i was young and foolish , i was taught `` americans ca n't make beer ! '', 
  and sure , your major brands are quite close to horse piss , but you have some amazing small craft breweries . 
  some of my favorite beers come from american miniature breweries rather than the famous german or even belgian breweries . 
  i am not too informed about the serbian conflict that would contribute to a constructive discussion , although from what i know i do agree with you . 
  however , unlike serbia , ukraine is suffering from a person we did not elect - putin and his imperialist dreams . 
  while i do n't agree with the many of current ukrainian parliament 's decisions , russia has no say in this . 
  and therefore they should keep their hands the fuck off . 
  i 'm with you to criticize the western powers when they fuck up , and i did indeed protest the iraq war , but this does not justify russian fuck-up . 
  i 'm sure putin will have video cameras in the booths to make sure that the elections are conducted correctly ( according to him ) !, 
  maybe even putim himself make sure that the people vote as he feels is right . 
  russia 's fleet is stationed in ukraine , not the other way around . 
  this gives them a tile of land where they can have a base and some ships parked . 
  not the right to intervene in ukraine 's domestic issues . 
  whether ukrainian government wants to continue to rent out the tile of land is not russia 's final decision . 
  that 's the bottom line . 
  what does germany 's situation pre wwii has to do with this ? 
  ukraine has never ever been an imperial power with aggressive history toward its neighbours ( unlike germany , russia etc ) . 
  what does the us foreign policy and world policing has to do with ukraine 's right to remain a peaceful state ? 
  since when does us ' bad ways allow russia to be exactly the same kind of douche bag ? 
  whether the troops are welcomed by the locals or not is not relevant . 
  russian troops are according to all relevant definitions , russian troops are invading ukraine . 
  what the west does around the world is not ukraine 's fault and why should ukraine suffer from russia 's aggressive and illegal foreign policies ? 
  why not let the crimean population then have a vote ? 
  why fly fucking helicopters all over the place ? 
  got a link ? 
  no rivalry . 
  ice hockey olympic final of 2006 never forget . 
  we still have an inofficial war with them in every comment section . 
  i already love them . 
  you know , just because we make a shift towards emission free cars we do n't need to invest into emission based power generation ... you can work on both at the same time quite nicely ... 
  as a soon graduated electrical engineer ( and doing my thesis in germany ) i am always peeking at the car maker 's job sites . 
  to be honest i 'm astounded by the amount of offerings for electrical engineers . 
  it comes only second to mechanical engineers . 
  exactly , who says `` pounds four point five '' ? 
  you vote everyday with your wallet . 
  whether you like it or not . 
  your choice of groceries impact the environment way more than your choice of car for example . 
  all hail world leader the democratic republic of north korea !, 
  that 's one nation that goes its way without taking to the middle ground . 
  what is medvedev supposed to do if you ban apple ? 
  we have to start somewhere and the consumer can exercise his voting rights using his money . 
  i 'm amused that everyone is outraged by 4.5 # / beer . . 
  you mean like russia practicing an assault on gotland with 33k soldiers . 
  oh it was this year btw . 
  if you ban imports , that 's kinda unavoidable , is n't it ? 
  which all for some reason tend to be about how shit it 's in russia . 
  and most likely the german taxpayers , because i do n't see how vw will be able to cope with a fine in the class that is being speculated right now . 
  so i 'm dying before my 50ies ? 
  op is just polarizing and putting two peoples against each other . 
  `` the polish take english jobs '' `` the jews take our money '', 
  quite hollow descriptions to be honest . 
  ha , it 's in karlsruhe !, 
  i 'm doing my erasmus here right now !,
