  that 's not far off what actually happened https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ygjyryj-qy, 
  yes you just confirmed what i said . 
  but avoided my point . 
  which 10 yo is likely to understand what nutrients are , how many of them are needed etc ? 
  especially if they are fat and do n't have a healthy attitude to food . 
  you happen to know of some gas pipeline going into ukraine from some gas producing country that i 'm not aware of ? 
  feel free to tell the ukrainian government too !, 
  i 'm sure russia will find a way of demanding money of ukraine for that too . 
  it 's not like because you 're fat you have an abundance of nutrients stored there and can start dieting . 
  lol , that 's not how a free market definition looks like . 
  you 're free to look it up . 
  it 's not a * free * market if the supplier can mandate price . 
  nice dodging the question btw . 
  judging by her looks from a biological perspective ( fertility ) she 's quite subpar . 
  yes i 'm aware shes hot an all but honestly , seeing the hipbone protrude like that is a bit ... unsettling . 
   we are member of ec !, 
  talk about ec then , not eu . 
  [ come at be brah ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gs3nkmc.png ), 
   at market price for the gas so what is the market price for gas ? 
  [ the german price \\ ( $ 379 \\ ) ? 
  or the ukrainian one ( $ 485 ) ? 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/contentinfographics/gazprom-russia-gas-leverage-europe/25441983.html ) you talk as if it a free market . 
  also the `` outcry '' was mainly caused by russian media ( which also shows where you get your info from . . ) . 
  the ukrainian government clearly said `` we 've got enough in storage , so we did n't pay for the next gas delivery '' . 
  but since ukraine pays upfront i do n't really see the problem . 
  do you ? 
  yeah i agree 100 % that bmi is a piece of shit . 
  who the fuck are norway to welcome anyone into the eu anyway ? 
  that 's like my neighbour inviting people over to my house . 
   shut down all freebies [ please tell me more about these russian freebies . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/xb0ueasjxsu/maxresdefault.jpg ) after that tell me how ukraine now should pay for being occupied . 
  then we can talk about the national debt norway has to the germans for being invaded in the 40ies . 
  dude . . that 's pretty thin and is n't `` standard '' how women look like . 
  look at her hip ffs . 
   what 's wrong with 10 year old girls going on diets if they 're actually fat ? 
  just the fact that dieting in the puberty and pre-puberty age can quickly fuck some things up . 
  all the organs , the brain and bones are developing to support an adult body . 
  if you start dieting as a 10 yo , you probably do n't know a lot about those things which can lead to some nasty problems later in life . 
  better talk to a doc and have a meal plan than using cosmo . 
  which is more likely that a 10 yo . 
  will do ? 
  the cosmo thing or go to an actual doctor ? 
  thing is body fat needs to be measured using some equipment and know-how . 
  to calculate bmi you need a scale and know your height . 
  it 's sad that some medical professionals still use bmi but yeah ... the simplicity of the terrible bmi model is hard to beat . 
  z\u00fcrich does have a big dick . . 
  did i say something factually incorrect ? 
  well people do n't seem to have a hard time calling hezbollah a terrorist organisation since they indiscriminately shell israel and use human shields . 
  so what is exactly different to the terrorists supported by russia ? 
  your point being ? 
  must be why volvo 's sales are surging lately . 
  which has more to do with ford 's management than with volvo as a carmaker . . 
  minecraft was sold for more money than the volvo cars brand . 
  sure , you are correct that there are different cultural differences in approach . 
  putin however intentionally uses confrontational rethorical style and he always comes off like being a street guy . 
  i do n't know if it 's his heir from the glory days of st. pete or simply an adopted style of speaking to the masses . 
  one thing is for sure , he does n't sound like an intellectual human being when he delivers his speeches . 
  it 's all head on collision . 
  yes . 
  and he commonly uses `` guy talk '' in his speeches to show he 's a `` serious guy '' . 
  basically using gopnik style speeches . 
  i 'd like a cia coupe . 
  what 's the quality of their cars nowadays ? 
  i woulds say it 's * the * concern for the russians . 
  they get plenty pissed each time you mention missile shields in poland etc. 
  they know that they do n't have anything to bring on the economic scale nor on the conventional warfare scale . 
  they rely on their nukes quite heavily . 
  after a un security council meeting they stated `` some of our partners seem to think that one can win a conventional war against a nuclear state '' . 
  who needs agriculture when you have lightning fast intrawebz ?? 
  just down load your meat . 
  i 'll let you know when we 're about to collapse . 
  do n't hold your breath though . 
  that has been said for decades . 
  come again in 20 years . 
  but kebab is tasty !, 
  are you a turkey ? 
  this alone is more interesting than this thread !, 
  nice undercover with flair and all , mr russian santa . 
  thanks lisboa toursit agency !, 
  seriously though , i 'm tempted !, 
  remember that the nok fell quite shaply recently due to the oil price making norway cheaper for foreigners . 
  sweden does n't depend on oil exports as norway , so our currency is stable ( actually with deflation problems ) . 
  there is nothing wrong to go to some cool country side village . 
  but if i were to plan a weekend trip , i would n't go for norfolk or something , i 'd go to paris/london/berlin / prague/rome . 
  the capital city is generally more attractive with lots of museums and sights . 
  same goes for sweden , stockholm is the most expensive city . 
  but i do n't blame them actually because stockholm * does * have a bunch of attractions that other cities can not match . 
  same goes for london and paris . 
  the only outliner i can think of straight away where the capital city is n't the most expensive is germany & berlin . 
  berlin has tons of stuff to see and is really cheap . 
  well it 's two equally minded mini dictators that like to use military and religion for their personal gain . 
  in this sense it 's like seeing a boxing match between two brothers . 
  based on my short exchange with you , that would prove nothing because i do n't trust you telling a single word of truth . 
  ard is a respected journalistic outlet that does n't have anything to gain from lying on this matter . 
  guess who 'll trust on this !, 
  then i guess there is nothing wrong with this . 
  carry on as usual . 
  i would rather have good 4g coverage that does n't jam in the peak hours than free wifi operated by uneducated and inexperienced people . 
  and a forum where they bought slave nr 12 . 
  and then slave nr 12 who was bought free for usd 18000 .
