  doing alright making war . 
  they already got a battleship doing just that . 
  called merkel . 
  and beat sweden in hockey more than once in a decade in championship games . 
  you 're 146 % right comrade . 
  sounds like what were heading against in sweden . 
  big immigration with little to no efforts to welcome the newcomers into the society . 
  well , get used to putin , because you wont be able to choose any president in russia . 
  more like that time when he offered amnesty . 
  that 's like saying troop relocations should n't happen during cease fire, 
  let 's agree that giving russia an offensive weapon and getting some money in return is different than selling some civilian shit to russia for said money, 
  you know , sweden is just fucking unbelievable in the defense regard . 
  `` yeah lets not have military anymore , cuz putin will back off when he sees our non-violence military '' . 
  knock knock , time to fucking wake up and take responsibility for your own safety . 
  would sweden help if finland attacked ? 
  no , do n't think so . 
  why should the us come on a white horse saving us from a situation we put ourselves in ? 
  just do n't fucking read the youtube comments ... 
  you 're so correct . 
  russia is just like a 16 year old that has finally caught up with dad on hight and thinks it kan kick dad 's ass . . 
  yes . 
  dude , considering how posted russia was about sanctions of the us yesterday , imagine what would happen if eu did the same . 
  russian economy would implore within weeks . 
  official twitter https://twitter.com/mas/statuses/489795857101750272 unofficial video from locals . 
  may be , but really ... girkin has made a [ comment ] ( http://imgur.com/lgrikdw ) the important bits :  `` in region of toreza they just shot down a plane an-26 , lies in proximity of the mine `` progress ''  we 've warned about entering our airspace . 
  here you have a video of confirmation of the `` bird fall '' . 
  he obviously got it wrong being an-26 . 
  also a video from locals is uploaded with debris still flying around . 
  oh holy fucking shit ... if this is what i think it is this might be a game changer in how europe is gon na go with this . 
  i am biased as i am an ukrainian expat in the eu , but i am ashamed of eu 's inability to act powerfully . 
  there are eu economies that can wage proper economic warfare without taking as much damage as russia . 
  it would really screw russias efforts to finance this hellpit in my native land . 
  and still have to obey most of eu laws . 
  even paying the fees . 
  yeah , it 's especially cute when you russia apologists play that racist card , when in russia and russian media there is an euphoria of russian chauvinism . 
  also , ldpr is pretty much the same as svoboda but has 12 % of the seats in parliament . 
  so if you gon na play that card , please clean your yard of bullshit before pointing fingers . 
  thanks , did n't really know what he was talking about !, 
  \u00c5\u00e4\u00f6, 
  good thing they 're protecting the peaceful citizens from evil right sector though ... / s, 
  considered moving to saudi arabia ? 
  i mean sure , it hurts the countries with whom russia does this with short term . 
  especially the small farmers . 
  but who will want to strategically increase its business in russia if they keep doing it ? 
  they 've lost ukraine , the most russia dependant country , it 's not like poland and romania will change their minds `` oh , those 20 cows were not sold to russia , better be their political bitches '' . 
  they 're just gon na have to stop doing business with russia . 
  best thing about being in a nordic country is constantly denying access to poor estonia to the glorious right to call itself nordic . 
  will do it tomorrow man !, 
  great idea !, 
  public transport is a thing . 
  i mean if you 're interested of joining a club , one * could * say that it 's only fair for the joining member to be on good terms with already existing members . 
  i would n't say that applies to doctors but very well for nurses and other personnel in the hospitals . 
  that 's quite big !, 
  because authoritism is all about control . 
  trust me , not even a stray dog gets to fart without putin 's consent . 
  you forgot the iraq war and conchita wurst . 
  my browsing history aint no history , bro . 
  i 'm myself am from ukraine and am half russian half ukrainian . 
  i would say the russian speaking half actually * has * rational reasons to want to be close to russia . 
  because , you know , business . 
  however , i do agree deeply that politically speaking the russian speaking part of ukraine always has been a drawback for ukraine since ukrainian part of the population ( as could be seen during euromaidan ) is indeed way more european minded than russians , who do not identify themselves as europeans , nor want to strive for european values . 
  but one must remember than eastern ukraine always has been the industrial heartland of ukraine . 
  interesting approach by the religious countries . 
  especially poland and turkey . 
  i 'm impressed by the speed they wrote , published and distributed the variety of books of an event that was less than 6 months ago . 
  how ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  sweden : the `` rasbiologiska institutet '' ( institute of racial biology ) in our arguably most prestigious university gave a lot of inspiration to hitler . 
  also sweden castrated a lot of gypsy minority well in the 70ies iirc . 
  nah  do n't worry , i 'm just an engineering student , so i am not planning to be poking your brain any time soon . 
  fucking tell me about it . 
  i want allowed to proceed with a brain surgery ... 
  have you been on strike recently ? 
  smells like homosex propaganda !, 
  it means great britain . 
  but ... that 's what russian state tv says over and over !, 
  is n't it true ?? 
  i think you are correct . 
  especially in these times of right wing extremism on the rise in all of europe , we need to make credible efforts to address some issues , one of these is radical islamist funding of our schools . 
  we have a similar problem in sweden in the town where i 'm from . 
  the most recently built and very fancy mosque is saudi funded . 
  it was great to see some minor attempts by the muslim community to protest the building of a saudi funded mosque . 
  unfortunately it got little attention in liberal media , because everyone is afraid of being associated with brown right wingers . 
  i think we 're shooting ourselves in the foot when we close our eyes to sensitive problems in minorities . 
  it is very touchy but needs to be addressed if we do n't want to end up in the 30s again . 
  yeah , except eu/russian exports from ukraine are pretty much on the same level ( 25 % each ) with the eu being the nr 1 . 
  also , after when the current shitstorm is sorted i doubt ukrainian exports to russia will exceed those to eu in the foreseeable future . 
  especially how russia uses the customs as an extortion whenever some country 's politicians do something vlad does n't like . 
  example : ukrainian dairy products and polish meat . 
  the latter one is especially hilarious since polish meat complies with eu standards . 
  true , i for one am democrazy . 
  fascists gon na fascist . 
  ... so what does that have to do with swedish spoilt youth leftist activists/terrorists ? 
  i 'd happily discuss golden dawn 's uprising and the issues around that , but please inform me about the justification of violence towards nazis first of all , and justification of violence towards liberal swedish politicians and even ordinary people who happened to move in to the flat where a nazi previously lived . 
  or even east european guest workers being beat up by `` the protectors of the working class '' . 
  for starters , what does the greek neo nazi uprise have * anything * to do with the swedish afa and rf beating up liberal politicians and beat up guest workers from slovenia/slovakia ( pardon my ignorance my memory fails me and i 'm not rewatching ug for this ) for no reason at all ? 
  oh yeah , those were `` mistakes '' by the `` selfdefense '' that regularly carry around knives and other funny stuff like molotovs and axes they randomly plan in people 's homes ? 
  fuck off with the violence apologizm . 
  we have courts and police for a reason , and we 're not going back to medieval self `` justice '' system . 
  so , almighty brownycow , please educate me who has the right to call him/her-self swedish or not .
