  sweden : astrazeneca, 
  growing up in ukraine , i had an adidos tshirt . 
  was great !, 
  i see he 's working hard on going out louder than i thought was possible ? 
  i am impressed !, 
  putin 's daughter lived in the netherlands until recently too . 
  funny considering how homogay the netherlands are . . russia has a history of the elite being at least partially abroad . 
  many writers etc fled to paris after tsarist russia fell . 
  a lot of academics fled after the ussr collapsed . 
  similar things will happen when shit hits the fan next time . 
  and that is not even a question of if but rather of when . 
  [ i fucking knew it lol . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4davvj/iceland_pm_i_will_not_resign/d1piwj3 ), 
  it 's only fair though . 
  why care about that useless list if you can have fairytales told on tv how grand your country is  . 
   most of us over here happen to take pride in our history , all of it . 
  so how is being proud of mass executions , gulags and other wondorous things is working out for you ? 
   germany average yearly consumption 1732,23 kwh for 422,32 $  ` merica average yearly consumption 4692,23 kwh for 408,88 $ germans also actually insulate their homes ... 
   i like big houses and living in the country . 
  the thing is , at least in w-europe the railroad and public transport is decent enough to make it a viable option to a car . 
  where my parents live ( country side ) they have a parking lot next to a bus stop so people can drive a few km to the bus stop and then get on the bus to get into town . 
  meh , like erdoganophobia or mugabephobia . 
  i do n't want my country to have such terrible leaders . 
  so putinophobia is reasonable in that context at least . 
   they see themselves as equals to usa but they are n't equal to the usa in any aspect but one - nukes . 
  the us has better * education * higher standard of living * less income inequality ( sic ! ), 
  * longer life expectancy * more patents * etc. 
  russia comparing itself to usa is pathetic . 
  a lot of bark and very little bite . 
  and their interests are not respected because they include [ kidnappings of foreign officials on foreign soil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eston_kohver ) . 
  they include invasion and annexations . 
  if their international policy is revolving around strongarming and bullying smaller nations around them , why are they so fucking surprised when people ask them to fuck off ? 
  famous last words . 
   at some point we have to address how often large , `` legitimate '' businesses not too long ago ( well , ok , fairly long ago now ) bribing was tax deductable in germany . 
  so i bet the corruption among legit biz is huge . 
  his approval ratings are in the basement already . 
  he called out nyt as being a russian propaganda arm . 
  no fucking way he gets re-elected unless putin helps him out by firing up the conflict again just in time for elections . 
  even then , people will probably elect someone else just out of spite . 
  shit man , he 's so uncomfortable it makes me uncomfortable ... 
  what opposite is happening , that citizens steal the `` rebel 's '' vehicles ? 
  really ? 
  they 're ruling themselves already . 
  `` nice car , random citizen , it 's mine now . 
  this is self-rule . . 
  i mean i rule '', 
  so edgy . 
  sounds an awful lot like the germans were thinking in the 30ies . 
  the most european eu country !, 
  that 's great and all germany , but when are you going to step up your internet game ? 
  or just redefine the infrastructure to include high speed internet . 
   0 % unemployment that is simply economically retarded . 
  in an ideal economy there is always some unemployment but the unemployed never stay in unemployment for long . 
  there * must * be competition for jobs , otherwise unreasonable things start to happen : 1 . 
  a professional can suddenly demand unreasonable salary . 
  in order to reach the 0 % you could be assigned to do really mundane tasks that actually do n't need to be done . 
   the u.s has a worse inequality than many european countries and russia has worse inequality than usa . 
  that ought to tell you something . . 
  judging from recent years ' events , ukraine does n't seem to be that interested in soviet ~ ~ russia ~ ~ union, 
  `` but only if i can keep my bmw '', 
  the fuel prices do n't care about ppp . 
  what 's funny bout the us electrical grid is that in some areas it 's cutting edge , while in others it 's lagging by decades . 
  take the fact that the us grid is n't synchronized yet , as an example !, 
   having a stable exchange ration to the currency of your biggest trade partner is helpful for business . 
  you have to keep in mind that the fluctuations are global . 
  a few years ago the usd was extremely cheap and now it 's very strong against the $ and the sek . 
  then to complicate stuff further , the currencies fluctuate in relation to each other . 
  as you say , currency inpredectibility is hard on business , but we 're not in the situation of ukraine , russia or venezuela where our currencies lose 50 % + of the value over night . 
  that 's not unreasonable since there is something of a devaluation war going on right now . 
  lower valued currency =  your country 's products are cheaper and more competitive on the market . 
  so currently there is an independently same strategy being persuaded by our central bank and the ecb . 
  easier said than done . 
  to do something else you need qualifications etc. 
  being a farmer in the first place makes it probable that you live on the country side with limited other business opportunities . 
  so you pros have to sell your home and move somewhere with your family . 
  i hope you understand how big this is on a personal level . 
  we have a sovereign currency and we 're in deflation half time time . . 
  our industry is booming like crazy . 
  as an engineering student i had 3 job offers before graduation . 
  note that i am not a spectacular student either . 
  i 'm not terrible , but still . . 
  furthermore our weakened currency against the dollar is n't really a hindrance either as it lowers our comparative pricing . 
  additionally , our government is taking in immigrants like crazy and is borrowing money and employing in the public sector currently . 
  so we have a boom currently . 
  some clouds on the sky are of course the long term plan for the refugees , our monetary policy is currently fucked and our housing market is absurd . 
   huge grain of salt more like a sack of salt ... 
   look at this case : * it 's an online personal feud taken too far , not evil government silencing critics * . 
  i dunno man , sometimes a cigar is just a cigar and not a conspiracy . 
  you are certainly correct . 
  i did not mean to imply that hurr durr evil kremlin is everywhere . 
  what i ment to imply is that laws are deliberately made vague in order to keep dissident in check by arbitrary enforcement . 
  this particular case is an example of arbitrary enforcement . 
  there is little chance that if a random ivan wrote `` god is dead '' in his vk that he 'll be prosecuted . 
   not that i believe the law about religious feelings is just or that russian police can be trusted , but this is far from just saying there is no god . 
  and , truth be told , if i heard `` go ahead , sue me if you do n't like it , '' i 'd be tempted to as well . 
  being an asshole is not really illegal , is it ? 
   this though is a showcase for the ineptitude of the local judicial system , not some of shady big brother machinations of the kgb . 
  do n't you think that laws are written vague with the very reason to be enforced arbitrarily ? 
  when there is a stupid law that everyone hates but is enforced uniformly , it is easy to avoid breaching that law . 
  when a law exists that is not enforced uniformly , but only if someone important is * maybe * offended , it will be enforced .
