  and kills a jew or two, 
  those who wo n't get the help will be labeled as unpatriotic and prosecuted so it 's ok . 
  and you know what 's even more fun ? 
  on russian state tv they 're running around interviewing some individual farmers that were hit by sanctions . 
  description is `` russia sanctions the single biggest sector of expense of the eu '' which is technically true but implies that russia ever was a major customer of those subsidized farmers . 
  so basically , `` mighty russian sanctions are killing europe . '' . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or not , usually i just rage and turn it off . . 
  well , am i defending the swedes ? 
  because this site is for lunatics from / r/conspiracy and please explain how a ukrainian aircraft with a ceiling of 5k metres will shoot down am aircraft on 11km height * and the missile hitting it in the fucking front * . 
  i bet you would be a bit pissed if uk would deliver warships to nazi germany in 39 . 
  same as the reason they use yandex . 
  it 's russian and was early on im russian and was primarily concentrated on russian speaking people . 
  i think if you live in the old eu countries in a town of 100k + inhabitants , you can get by without a car for daily needs , but for flexibility most people with income still own one . 
  topkek from swedish perspective . 
  i used to live outside of g\u00f6teborg in sweden , but still within reach for g\u00f6teborg 's public transport . 
  i had to pay  100 $ / month for public transportation . 
  it does n't fit putin 's tough guy attitude . 
  better paint them fighter jets white too . 
  is there a super upvote button so i can upvote you all glorious motherfuckers submitting links and list ? 
  no , because we 're sane . 
  look at all the cocaine the reindeer smuggled !, 
  good thing they got the bastard . 
  cyka, 
  if any town in europe as much as can see a russian soldier , i 'd want putin 's head on a platter for public exposure . 
  if we 've learnt anything in the last year about russia is that their official position is worth jack shit . 
   why is everyone constantly violating swedish airspace ? 
  they hate our freedom . 
  do n't you remember how passed carl bildt ( our fm ) about the north stream ? 
  no way he 'd let russia get sweden hooked on the russian drug, 
  how high are you ? 
  where do i get it . 
  so , what does ukraine have to do with all this ? 
  were we bombing iraq or something other that i was not aware of ? 
  do you actually think the sanctions made by russia are made by people who thought of consequences first and acted accordingly ? 
   yet another joke : once in united kingdom , france and russia was signed an order about anal rape of all citizens in every saturday . 
  because of this the citizens of the uk elected new parliament , in france mass protests led to a revolution . 
  in russia people started to queue for anal rape in friday to get home in saturday earlier . 
  but did the british overthrow the parliament * according to constitution * / s, 
  and those who do n't want it get it stuffed down their throats . 
  whatever fluffs your goat . 
  they 're in germany and the eu have n't imposed any food ban , so i suppose business as usual . 
  probably selling mistrals . 
  i do feel sorry for the ordinary russian . 
  both , this year 's produce will drop , next year 's produce will decrease due to expectations . 
  i would say swedish media suffers from `` small pond syndrome '' . 
  everything is so inward focused for a country that is extremely international minded . 
  the feeling is that swedish media writes more about swedish media itself than other stuff . 
  do n't worry , putin strictly said that the food shortage wo n't affect prices . 
  do n't ask me how , but i 'm sure the czar can annex a country or two . 
  it 's history is ( or so i heard ) that when putin evened chechnya with the ground , he basically gave the region buttloads of money to prevent them from rioting again . 
  the mayor of voronezh got jealous and asked putin to bomb voronezh too since he needed more money . 
  since then , the phrase kinda got the meaning as the guys above said . 
  * for the smell of coffee, 
  i agree , we can bash the public faces such as putin , but we should not insult a whole nation . 
  that way we will polarize even the people who factually agree with us . 
  indeed , no one can ignore the us . 
  dude , i do n't know what to beleive anymore . . 
  if you read the news coming out of russia lately , where 66 % think their country is heading in the right direction and if you read commentary of for example [ this ] ( http://ura.ru/content/primenews/07-08-2014/news/1052187045.html ) ( in russian ) article people seem to be for this , and who say stuff like `` i want to eat high quality food , including that made in europe/us '' they get `` gtfo to europe then , we 're fine here . 
  if prices will rise - we will pay '' . 
  soon they 'll start bombing voronezh too !, 
  if you mean sweden ( i 'm ukrainian by birth ) , i think it is widely agreed that sweden was n't invaded mostly for convenience reasons during ww2 ( ie sweden gave passage to german troops when they were winning and sold iron ore to whatever side was winning . 
  but it is of course a bit more delicate than that . 
  dude , i do n't disagree , but your input is n't really constrictive . 
  pretty much everyone was forced to take sides even if they did n't want to . 
  ww2 is a terrible tragedy . 
  mtg is n't really a well respected media institute with respected news agency . 
  mtg is more of entertainment enterprise . 
  i do n't even know if they have any news on their channels . 
  mtg mostly broadcasts shitty american shows like days of our lives and the like . 
  considering that putin was n't even president at the time of georgia conflict it is even more telling how little of a president medvedev really was . 
  what you say is true , but ussr was the one who carried out the dirty work and suffered far more than the us and uk . 
  also ussr inflicted most damage to nazi germany . 
  i know what russia currently is doing is terribly wrong but let 's not paint everything in the colours we like just to pat ourselves on the back . 
  please note , that above info is second hand information , but animal raising depends on environment , food etc. 
  yeah , basically what i understand is that russian meat is chewy compared to australian and brazilian ( and ukrainian for that matter ) so the consumers prefer ( red ? ), 
  that meat over russian . 
  just watched the news from russia 's first channel . 
  putin said that the sanctions wo n't increase food prices , at the same time an `` expert '' told that this will now give free way to improve domestic market because domestic products were not preferred by russians and now will have to buy it . 
  yeah , how this will not increase prices only a phd in putonomics can tell . . 
  people in soviet knew about western stuff , marlboro cigarettes were in high regard and normally only high officials had them . 
  putin himself admitted owning a banned copy of a beatles album etc etc. 
  that last sentence really put a civ5 touch to your comment . 
    why does russia feel the need to interfere in ukraine 's decisions ? 
   well , why does the eu feel that need ? 
  i mean , back then in 2013 when things were relatively calm , it was the eu who told that ukraine must decide between eu and russia and rejected trilateral talks , completely ignoring the fact that russia is major ukraine trading partner and kind of shares a whole lot of other things . 
  that fired up maidan ( many ukrainians thought that they 're going to actually join eu ) and all following events . 
  sweet jesus , swallowing every bit of propaganda , are we ? 
  first , eu said that ukraine could join the eu trade agreement * and * russian trade agreement for all eu cared . 
  it was russia who were stern saying it 's either them or us . 
  nobody thought ukraine would join eu , people were first and foremost tired or putin 's crony who stole billions from the yearly budget . 
  ukrainian people are used to live with corruption , but yanuk 's rule ment * surviving * corruption . 
  people got finally fed up with broken promises and revolted . 
  it was not even about trade deal as much of getting rid of the people in power . 
  it 's not against rules invading your neighbour countries without declaration of war and using soldiers without id marks . 
  that 's ok , it 's just when putin and his cronies ca n't go shopping at harrods it 's unfair . 
  nah , he 'll increase tax on eu made cars to boost glorious cars made in mother russia . 
  was n't he the one laughing at them ? 
  cheers, 
  any direct link to the original article, 
  since russia lost ukraine 's people politically , and they wo n't be looking back in a good while , the only thing putler can do is turn it into a frozen conflict georgia style where ukraine will forever be crippled by `` peacekeepers '' and wo n't be able to focus fully on its internal problems and eurointegration .
