  but i guess evidence for you is if you yourself were there , in that case feel free to try it out . 
   did you even read what i said ? 
  yes i did . 
   i did n't say it works in the ring , it 's because it does n't work . 
  if it worked , it 'd be used . 
   in fact i said the opposite . 
  exactly my point . 
   there 's probably several reasons for that . 
  like the fact that it does n't work . 
   i do n't know much about aikido i can tell . 
   , but i know it teaches wrist locks . 
  it 's kind of hard to use that when the wrists are taped up do n't you think ? 
  no it 's not , have you seen mma gloves ? 
  you have your fingers free and your wrists are exposed . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.affordablemartialarts.co.uk/images/caged%20steel/mens/fight%20gloves/cs%20pro-series%20mma%20gloves%20red.jpg ) the reason wrist locks are n't that common in mma is because it 's hard to pull one off against someone who knows what they 're doing . 
  i have n't seen any aikido throw in mma , or any aikido based fighter being successful , care to show me any ? 
  of course mma is unarmed combat , that disqualifies weaponry such as sticks , knives , guns , rocket artillery etc. 
  and no , i do n't think a pony tailed semi-fat actor from the us has anything to show actual law enforcement . 
  sorry for being doubtful . 
  if it was useful in any situation at all , it would be used in the ring . 
  you commonly see techniques from all over the place : karate , judo , bjj , wrestling , boxing , thai boxing , sambo just to mention a few . 
  well yeah i 'm an engineering student  . 
  as a student about to graduate , i really can tell . 
  it 's crazy and i am very happy to be graduating now where i can be picky with job offers . 
  for sure . 
  but do you really think the russians have n't already bought western machinery ? 
  so that leaves only the workers ' efficiency , even if a european worker is 2x as efficient , he 's still more than 2x as expensive as a turk or some other worker from the stans . 
  in addition , its much harder to abuse a worker from poland or germany than from kazakhstan . 
   why are mothers proud of their children ? 
  because they raised the kids to become the people they are . 
  if they raised them good , then parents can take some pride in fostering decent human beings . 
   why are sons proud of their fathers ? 
   those are n't their achievements and actions . 
  i am not . 
  my mom 's achievements are hers alone , unless i 've been able to help her somehow . 
  i am very happy with what she has achieved in her life but i ca n't say i 'm proud of that . 
   you can have patriotic feelings for a state you were n't born in , you know . 
  genetics has nothing to do with it . 
  absolutely . 
  you can love a certain society without being born there or have any heritage from there . 
  imo being proud of something should be reserved to actions not something one can not influence . 
  it is nothing wrong to love the country you are born in too . 
  being however proud of something you did n't have anything to do with is just silly . 
  30 % loss in energy sector would make the eu collapse quite quickly though . 
  what will our manufacturing industries do when energy prices spike ? 
  what will the common citizen do when they ca n't afford to heat their houses ? 
  you know quite a few of eu citizens died last time there was a problem with energy delivery from russia in 2009 . 
  eu would certainly collapse , sure we would push russia into an abyss but we would follow soon after . 
  i 've paid income taxes in germany without being a german national . 
  should i be proud to be german ? 
  for 10x the price ... 
  it 's not like russia gained a lot of purchasing power lately that they can afford hiring cheap swedes or even bulgarians . 
  you can be proud of your achievements and actions , not the genetic flux of being born in a certain state . 
  [ 1st war ( civil ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_chechen_war ) [ 2nd war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) [ 3rd war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014%e2%80%9315_russian_military_intervention_in_ukraine ) [ 4th war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_military_intervention_in_the_syrian_civil_war ) all in 2000 or later . 
  russia does not want to `` align with the west '' as they consider such alliances `` a threat to national integrity and independence '' . 
  it is russia who although included in wto keeps imposing random bans on random countries ' products . 
  it is russia who was let in into g8 back in the day when russia did not have any significant economical sway . 
  russia started to impose bans on us and eu adopting their orphans . 
  seriously , us&eu let russia quite easily off the hook for the 2008 war . . how can russia breach ( noncontested ) national air space of dozens of countries over the last years and not expect retaliation ? 
  funny , a country ( russia ) participating in 3 international wars and 1 civil war in 15 years is considered peaceful . 
   for example i do n't think david cameron ( even as much as i hate him ) wants to weaken encryption so he can look through for private files for devious thoughts , i think like all politicians he wants to be seen doing something that had public support so he can keep his job . 
  look , i as a non-uk citizen do n't trust any of your politicians ( hell i barely trust ours . . ) . 
  if the whole `` give governments a backdoor key to encryption '' starts to pass we have ** serious ** problems , even if our current government does not abuse that system . 
  imagine how hard it would be for companies to keep r&d secret . 
  lets have a plausible scenario : 2023 : a major financial crisis erupts that puts 2008 into shadows . 
  the us/german/chineese / whatever government realised that their automotive industry has lost track of the development and needs to be bailed out badly * and * needs to make up for lost market shares by stealing competitors ' technologies . 
  since the government has a huge pressure not to let the industry to die out and get millions of unemployed people , they let nsa/bnd/mss / whateversec access some of the competitors ' prototypes . 
  bang , we 're in deep shit . 
  lol , the thing is we have two pitbulls at each others throats right now and for once putin does n't have any leverage . 
  so what he gon na do . 
  if he continues to piss the turks off his proud crimean fleet will be a sitting duck in a small pond surrounded by nato . 
  in addition to that , his proud mediterranean fleet for which he is basically fighting a war for to keep , will need to be resupplied by air or through the suez or gibraltar . 
  both are big ass detours . 
  putin really has nothing to bring to the negotiation table against turkey . 
  what 's even funnier is that he has built his macho persona which kind of requires him to strongarm the situation . 
  ggwp, 
  kurds are n't happy with assad . 
  boliden probably . 
  it 's funny , i 've lived in germany twice in my life and kind of never met people who are into boxing . 
  although i know that it is huge there . . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  what would that lead to ? 
  prove my point even further ? 
   the guy makes chechen fighters salute to putin chechnya is pretty much a mini north korea inside of russia . 
  putin bought kadyrov and now kadyrov provides what he promised ( for example 97 % of chechen people voted for putin , the guy who bombed chechnya just a few years ago ... ), 
  interesting , never though i 'd find a perspective where ramzan can be considered moderate ... 
  or just reforming the pension system . 
  if we 're to build sustainable societies we need to figure out how to deal with shrinking populations too . 
  although it 's not as bad as portrayed , it still got fucking worse . 
  apart from our syrian tourists we also have some heavy gang wars going on where a car bomb killed a family including a 4 y.o. 
  girl ( the family father was a gang member ) . 
  such brutality and blunt methods have not been used before . 
  just last weekend my brother got bumrushed by an immigrant kid in nordstan who started beating him in the head without a reason . 
  my brother was just running through nordstan because he was late for a bus . . ( for outsiders : nordstan is the most central shopping mall we have , next to the central square . ), 
  i love g\u00f6teborg for all its chill working class mentality , the music scene , the coast line etc but we need to be fucking serious about this problem . 
  the thing with putin is that he 's basically a russian berlusconi . 
  he may be an asshole , but an asshole that is in the right political electorate . 
  there is a strong macho culture in russia therefore putin is popular . 
  however , it is really impossible to say how long he will stay in power . 
  it can be another 15 years ( or until he dies of natural causes ) or it can be another 15 days because some dramatic developments .
