  why should a person 's skin color matter ? 
  according to your logic , a white person from say ireland , is more swedish than a black person born and raised in sweden ? 
  [ yup , 9.8 % did . 
  i am very sceptical if this will proceed as you think it will . 
  from how i see the situation is basically , russia gave/gives support to donbas separatists when they still considered to invade eastern ukraine . 
  now they do n't , else they 'd done it already , and it 's too late for that . 
  as long as the ukrainian army is professional enough to avoid civil casualties , nobody will give a fuck . 
  remember , most people in donbas support being a part of ukraine . 
  mostly old communist fossiles still support russia . 
  it indeed is . 
  he seems to be something like the second coming of the swedish fm carl bildt , a bit cocky , outspoken and smart . 
  `` supplied '', 
  russian , ukrainian , swedish , english and german . 
  all fluent . 
  would like to learn spanish and french . 
  you 're welcome to visit my gf 's mom . 
  make sure to dress in shiny clothes and wigs  . 
  oh , and the rule is that no matter what song won it 's the wrong song that won , except if sweden wins . 
  also after the final on russian national tv . 
  said that wurst was a nice person and had no opinion on his/her private business . 
  he was n't really condemning wurst on russian tv as i saw it though ... 
  oh man , in sweden it 's on pair the swedish national team playing the play off in the world cup or something . . 
  i shit you not when there are records of 4 + mio ( out of 9 ) watching it . 
  all the media hypes it for 2 weeks , we have juries and stuff discussing all the contributions and doing bets with no end . 
  it 's like the most swedish thing ever . 
  i think the country will seize to exist the same day in distant future when they announce that they 'll stop doing the eurovision . 
  you probably remember that shitstorm in the russian studio with politicians and russian popstars ranting about c. wurst that was all over / r/europe ? 
  well in that show they had a skype call with the ukrainian artist/comedian verka serdychka/andriy danilko who is very popular among the senior population i russia , and ( s ) he called them out on that . 
  good show . 
  germany is the most eu friendly country . 
  actually if there was a vote today , either parliamentary or general , i think sweden would say no . 
  i too think that sweden needs to multiply its military expenses but not sure about the nato bandwagon . 
  yes it does . 
  it 's an easy view , as john cleese has said , and i fully agree . 
  here 's sweden 's wannabe new york post paper on this vid : http://www.dn.se/nyheter/varlden/sex-och-vald-i-dansk-eu-valsfilm/ our media sure is chauvinistic sometimes ... 
  i got ta admit though ... this is seriously good !, 
  [ we do n't kill ourselves nearly as much as you 'd think . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ), 
  kind of is , do n't worry . 
  justnazithings, 
  sure it 's 100 % . 
  but gas is barely used for anything here . 
  we barely have a pipeline infrastructure , so if russia turns off the gas in mid winter i 'll still be warm at night , no worries brah . 
  sweden imports only nuclear fuel and fuel for vehicles . 
  swedish energy sector is very resilient to russia , do n't worry . 
  i 'm excited to see how ukraine and russia will trade points . 
  or rather if they 'd do it just like they used to do or not ... 
  after a second glance on your previous statement i must clarify , foreign students are `` utbytesstudenter '' not `` svenskar med invandrarbakgrund '' if you see my point . 
  that is , the students i 'm talking about are students who go to the university at home and then do their masters here . 
  sweden : gothenburg and stockholm `` compete '' a lot . 
  which is basically the small brother gothenburg is trying to compete with stockholm , while stockholm sees gothenburg as the `` countryside '' . 
  so yeah we got that going for us in gothenburg ... gothenburg is nicknamed `` little london '' partly because of the shitty weather , but also somewhat because of its traditionally large foreign population . 
  [ sweden had a state institue of racial biology up until 1958 and continued force sterilization until the 70ies ( !!! ) . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statens_institut_f%c3%b6r_rasbiologi ) hitler even saw it as a scientific inspiration for his political viewpoints . 
  [ sweden has a developed fika-culture which is quite unique . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fika_ ( coffee_break ) ), 
  ( bavaria is not germany ), 
  no title , as far as i know i think only a general description of his job . 
  so basically :  hans bj\u00f6rklund  sales and customer support or something of that sort . 
   `` in addition i must admit that the 3rd world students often perform better than we swedes do , so i do n't think its unjustified that the foreigners get the spots . '', 
  i 'm sorry but where on earth have you gotten this information ? 
  i know that atleast when it comes pre-universities people with foreign background perform considerably poorer , are you sure it 's the other way around at universities ? 
  sure , i attend chalmers ' masters programme and have been quite involved in development of education within my programme . 
  i can only quote the head of my programme ( since i 've worked close with him ) and according to him , the foreign students earn more credits/academic year than students who come from the swedish b.sc . 
  so if i were to correct my initial statement : foreign students within my masters programme are better than swedes ;-), 
  i have n't heard this version where she only missed to quote herself , but if the case is so it 's not really plagiarism but rather poor review by the university imho . 
  i mean , if your dissertation has questionable referencing it simply should not be published with the university 's stamp on it . 
  but it should n't really be punishable backwards as in `` oh we did a questionable approval of this kid 20 years ago , lets withdraw their title '' . 
  that 's why i was surprised by the results !, 
  i have n't considered doing a phd . 
  i think i 'll have to reconsider . 
  yeah , it 's quite odd for swedes . 
  we are taught to question authority , and something that can be loosely translated as `` flat hierarchy '' is something that swedish industry takes pride in ( and i agree , promotes a lot of creativity ) . 
  a colleague at my part time job was a sales director in a medium export firm . 
  he said that he really had a hard time to convince his boss to order him visit cards with `` sales director '' on , which my colleague insisted was necessary to have if one was to be seriously taken in the german speaking countries . 
  cyka, 
  ca n't get more swedish than this . 
  agreed . 
  andriy danilko/verka serduchka is a ukrainian comedian/tv personality . 
  did quite a good parody actually . 
  interesting , i thought sweden would rank lower . 
  in my field ( engineering ) more or less only foreign students do phd , while the swedes go find a job . 
  i think there are a few reasons for that . 
  a phd wo n't nessesarily give you a better/more paying job in the long run . 
  i think the foreign students have something like 1 month of time for finding a job after graduation before their visa expires . 
  so it 's for natural reasons easier to do your thesis for a prof who 'll know you personally for the next round of recruitment . 
  in addition i must admit that the 3rd world students often perform better than we swedes do , so i do n't think its unjustified that the foreigners get the spots . 
  also , really not surprised of germany 's pole position here . 
  i really do n't know any other country ( maybe except austria and switzerland , but i have n't been there that much ) where people would put their title on their mailbox ... 
  remins me of putin 's body type actually , short and bulky . 
  dat lenin-sixpacks . 
  that does n't really contradict to what i said before . 
  in sweden it can be sunny all 24 hours in the north while in the south it 's light like 3.30-23 .30 . 
  and in winter its night all 24 h in north and in south dark pretty much from 17-09 . 
  i 'm sorry but i may be retarded , what 's daylight ? 
  aah , the legendary german whine about the db always makes me laugh . 
  `` the god damn train is 4 minutes late * again * . '', 
   yeah , in spain we have longer daylight . 
  my bright at fuck sun in the middle of the night wants to have a word with you . 
  english is very easy .
