ah yeah pork-jelly . 
  we ate it with horseradish and mustard if i recall correctly . 
  never learned to enjoy it as kid and have n't really tried it since . 
  fun story : me and my swedish gf were visiting my relatives and they gave us pork jelly to taste . 
  something my gf never seen before . 
  then my relatives continued boasting how they do n't use gelatine out of the bag but only go to a butcher they trust to buy pig 's legs to boil for hours and get the gelatine out that way . 
  the confused & disgusted face and the attempt at hiding it was hilarious . 
  sweet , as someone who grew up in countryside ukraine in the 90ies , i still remember some of the habits mentioned in the article . 
  especially the cubicle chopped mayonaise sallad or herring in jelly . 
  my mom , still misses the soviet styled bread . 
  the one we can buy in sweden she just calls air . 
  `` back in soviet times , we had proper bread where you got full from two slices '' . 
  interested !, 
  denmark , you have nice neighbours !, 
  donbass ' region 's seats are vacated until elections can take place there . 
  but into crazy stuff !, 
  you know , cutting people is illegal . 
  still surgeons make a living out of it . 
  i see no one demanding banning their practice too . 
  same goes here . 
  sure . 
  but my point is that with freedom to move and take your money with you would work against nationalism sentiment and thus limit the territorial disputes to administrative only problems and not culturally/ethnically charged problems . 
  with free movement of capital and people i do n't see why territorial disputes should matter . 
  you mean liberate oppressed alcoholics in homosex sweden ? 
  must have broken the law when my japanese knife was transported here then . 
  i must be on fsbs top 10 most wanted list by now !, 
  i 'll be eagerly waiting with you . 
  my state is quite far from sorry . 
  i do not come from a wealthy family but i enjoy going to my university for free and where the rich kid 's dads do n't buy their kids diplomas . 
  and i 'm currently in the eu erasmus programme on exchange . 
  i 'd say my state is quite nice opposed to median russian . 
  i like how the author kind of starts being annoyed by his own tips . 
  a lot of ukraine has continental climate . 
  so kiev , charkov get pretty cold in the winters ( colder than nl ) . 
  that 's what a check mate looks like !, 
  in sweden i think the most markets enforce their own policy of not selling energy drinks to people below 15 or so . 
  always funny to be checked when you already bought vodka and just need some red bull . 
   that 's until you go mad with power and declare yourself the new king of the uk . 
  that 's alright . 
  after then he wo n't need your support . 
  godspeed estonia , maybe you can into nordic after all . 
  i saw some article regarding a similar issue in a swedish paper some while ago . 
  basically the thing was that the average score of a music album reviewed by the swedish music reviewers was above average ... 
  i heard the destination of choice in russia is donbass region of ukraine . 
  i 'm not a eurosceptic . 
  quite opposite actually . 
  but do n't you agree that if the average on a 1-10 scale is 7,3 it 's somewhat weird . 
  well to be honest greek culture heavily influenced eastern europe too : christian orthodoxy , the alfabet etc. 
  no , he 's avoiding a vodka ban . 
  you probably start with 8/10 if you even show up . 
   adidad is dead , all hail abibas . 
  i had a shirt named adidos . 
  good times . 
  would prefer living in bulgaria before russia 10/10 times . 
  almost . . 
  so he expects affording it if they close down all the public ones ? 
  but you still got the private hospitals , why do n't you go there ? 
  in common speak for a place to qualify as a small society , it has to have a pizzeria . 
  i 'm in germany with my visa debit card . 
  i could n't even pay at the swedish ikea with my visa card . 
  it 's super weird for me , as i rarely have cash on me in sweden . 
  you can have a thick accent and still be flawless in any language ... 
  why did you remind me of this fact that i just seemed to have forgotten ?!, 
  evil . 
  and inflate the housing markets on the swedish west coast . 
  stupid sexy norwegians :(, 
  i fucking hate it when my gf 's does that . . 
  i do think like too dark , and my girlfriend thinks i like industrial grade light . . 
  sweden : we now go there to work . 
  ( norway ), 
  just like how imperial european countries perceive their colonial greatness and the actual colonies . 
  that made putin popular in the first place too . 
  he still made undemocratic development happen . 
  but crimea is easy to defend, 
  but guys , where is the * proof * ? 
   an attack on a eu , but non-nato member would be more complicated but the same thing would probably apply . 
  at least that 's what sweden hopes . . 
  pretty much until eastern ukraine is a locked down transnistria 2.0 and ukraine is crippled forever with insurgents and a `` discriminated russian minority '' . 
  which will prevent ukraine from closing ties with eu and nato . 
   tell that to the scottish national party . 
  though tbh i do n't think ethnic russians are much of an issue in scotland . 
  yet . . 
  agreed , we 'll have to stop exporting lava to them . 
  yeah similar situation but i 'm 23 and am a studnt . 
  i 'm considering renting and hoarding money waiting for a crash . 
  no way in hell i 'm buying an apartment with an expected pay-off time of 110 years or whatever the average is in stockholm . . 
  problem hits you even if you rent an apartment . 
  as can be seen by the market crash in 2008 , inflated housing hits car industry , retail , everything . 
  well , if i own an apartment or a house it 's mine . 
  i ca n't get kicked out and it is a solid investment over time . 
  in addition , any rent that is being played goes not to any shady landlord but to the state which is a reinvestment into society and not the landlords accounts on cayman islands . 
  depressing statistics . 
  and no one in the current election campaign is even targeting this . 
  basically we 're doing the errors of the us pre 2008 . 
  swedish housing market is insane ... 
  i am a student in the last part of my education and have been doing some attempts of calculating how much do i need to save and how much i need to pay off the mortgage every month to have a chance of being a 100 % owner of a 2 room apartment in an average part of my town ... fucking depressing . 
  `` there are nazis riding a rocket !, 
  it 's heading towards us !, 
  it 's yarosh himself , it says so on his business card ! '', 
  somewhat relevant video ( 2.05 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vui-qgcfxua&amp;list=uu2c_jshtl725hvbm1arsv9w,
