  you know it 's illegal to call for independence under current russian legislation ? 
  it is published by many many years in famous russian prisons . 
  so any poll regarding independence of some region in russia is pointless . 
  france is a country with a non uniform culture . 
  many parts of france can he claimed by neighboring nations . 
  the genius of the post ww2 order is to accept the borders as they are and not open the can of worms which is the current borders of the nations . 
  especially sweden , norway and all the other pesky imperial countries and their legacies . 
  it 's not the australian 's fault is it ? 
  the contents of the quote are horrible but they could be said by anyone during a drunken haze . 
  is it really reasonable to prosecute random facebook rants like that ? 
  it 's not like the person was publicly saying this on a rally with demonstrants cheering on . 
  is it really reasonable to be sentenced to years in jail for an opinion on facebook ? 
  the russian justice system is prosecuting people selectively to institute fear and please do n't beat around the bush about it . 
  i always thought conspiracy was a sub * about * conspiracies , not actually nutters pushing an agenda . . 
  omfg . 
  really ? 
  agree or disagree with his opinion but that is hardly incitement for genocide . 
  i admit . 
  it was a hyperbole . 
  and i live down the street from two of the shootings that happened this fall and when i wanted to move i was offered a flat next to the parking lot where a guy got executed in his car . . sure you 're maybe safe off as a white swede living in a villa suburb but inner city and the lower income neighborhoods are n't as nice . 
  it 's not aleppo , but this violence is not really what i want to have as a standard for `` safe living '', 
  sure . 
  i mean it 's not like there has n't been any shootings during daylight in the center of the city as of lately ? 
  or shootings in populated areas predominantly occupied by families with kids ? 
  grenades and full automatic rifles used ? 
  we do have in fact a gang turf war . 
  if you disagree , ask the local police . . 
  this year alone g\u00f6teborg has been a war zone for criminals with handgrenades thrown through windows killing preschool kids , car bombs , executions on parking lots and in living areas . 
  a murder attempt with several shots on one of the busiest streets in the city during daytime . 
  shit this is only the stuff i can remember on the top of my head and i could n't even be bothered mentioning some of the stuff cuz i 'm on mobile . 
  the point is , only russia points the finger at usa while doing fucked up shit covertly . 
  so i do n't like the comparison simply cuz i think russia should be judged on their merit ( or lack thereof ) without playing with relativism . 
  russia can try and portray themselves as relevant where the fact is they 're not as relevant as they 're trying to be . 
  they 're only relevant when they 're being a nuisance , not when they 're trying to be constructive ( when were they last time ? ) . 
  usa ( this is the last time om paying attention to the comparison ) is relevant in constructive dialog as well as hostile activities . 
  that is the difference . 
  russian bombing of children and civilians in aleppo is not justified by some `` and you are lynching negroes '' rethoric . 
  however that is exactly what senior officials do . 
  they somehow shift blame for victims of russian bombs on american activity . 
   really ? 
  both do realpolitik with russia being more low-budget brutish , directly involved in dirty work and often not bothering to come up with sophisticated excuses . 
   us has done : coups , proxy wars , straight up war based on made-up casus belli ( saddams ' wmds ) , opportunistic arming of groups that would later become terrorist groups , outsourcing torture , being cool with one authoritarian while toppling another , global surveillance including allied states ( thx4tip snowden ) , drone programs ...  stop kidding ourselves the us is crystal-clear enforcer of good with no hidden motives driven by self-interest . 
  are they the lesser evil for the 1st world countries ? 
  for number of reasons yes , however the aftermath of us foreign policy in middle east and north africa is not helping . 
  russia is a piss poor country which does n't compare to the usa in any metric . 
  not in bnp , not in hdi , not in life expectancy , not in military power , not in education , not in infrastructure , not in anything . 
  well , except nukes . 
  so please if you wan na compare russia , compare it to some comparable country , like pakistan . 
  that being said i did n't defend usa . 
  my point is that russia does n't compare and this comparison is solely a point made to delude the debate about russian wrongs . 
  let 's discuss those , this thread is not about usa . 
  us and russia do n't compare . 
  why are you doing it ? 
  you 're just continuing your trolling . 
  there is a culture of corruption in the country . 
  arresting every single official would result in anarchy since civil functions would seize to exist . 
  it is you who are the one who argues with a hidden agenda . 
  it 's that or you are arguing like a 15 year old . 
  do n't delude yourself or others . 
  nothing is gon na bring you more downvotes than complaining about them . 
  you still did n't answer my question . 
  what is your solution ? 
  behead the political elite of ukraine cuz they 're corrupt , just like french revolution ? 
  sounds like putin 's wet dream to me . 
  please propose something realistic . 
  your point is that nothing should be done and change expected anyway ? 
  or what is your constructive point ? 
  or that they strangle you or snap your neck during a crash . 
  i also love the fact that my wealthy uncle in ukraine who can afford a new car which makes a noise when the seat belt is not fastened had bought an extra seat belt dongle to stick into the seat belt fastener ... 
  that 's still not an argument . 
  i am wealthy enough to get a visa to anywhere . 
  i 'm still deterred by visa application cuz i simply ca n't be bothered . 
  furthermore so what if the average ukrainian is not wealthy ? 
  if you run a shop do you only sell to wealthy people ? 
  we have a visa free policy with a lot of poor countries already . 
  which relationship with russia ? 
  why would russia care about another country having visa free regimen with another bunch of countries ? 
  does eu need to consult russia regarding brexit too ? 
  or maybe regarding some other arbitrary issue like taxes on emissions ? 
  so what 's the point of norwegians having a a visa free entry to any country ? 
  i 'm sure norwegians are wealthy enough to pay the visa fee ? 
  your logic is a bit ... 
  russia firmly believes in trickle down tankonomics, 
  not offended at all . 
  just stunned by stupidity . 
  please continue . 
  btw , your parent comment contains no questions . 
  sorry to burst your bubble . 
  amazing . 
  you sure are able to do a thorough analysis of my personality based on a oneliner reply . 
  is this how thorough your analysis of western media is as well ? 
  when the world does n't fit your facts , it 's not the world 's fault . 
  you know ... 
  the people who for example are expected to endure major cuts on public medicine etc. 
  idk that 's like saying `` communism is nice , just cuz china 's and ussr 's versions are unpleasant when implemented does n't mean it should be '', 
  indeed !, 
  that further proves my point actually . 
  i ca n't think of a single pleasant nationalist vibe apart from football tournaments . 
  if it makes it any easier to understand , `` hatten \u00e4r din '' means `` the hat is yours '' . 
  from the pool of unemployed judges ?
