   3 $ of decrease to your salary you get 1 $ here are numbers . 
  two of them . 
  if you are then retreating to saying that you just made an example , well then i can say something equally moronic . 
  why 1 $ per 3 $ ? 
  why not 0.5 $ per 1000 $ ? 
  so how exactly does that `` benefit the superrich '' ? 
  if it remains status quo . 
  go back to stormfront or something, 
   they have no honour neither do you, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i understood the forwarding had predominantly practical reasons , but it 's still illegal under eu law and i think it 's a good thing austrian authorities did this . 
  maybe we finally can get some decent re-destribution of refugees . 
  our poorest southern european countries should not have to deal with this alone . 
  america is a city . 
  germany as a concept is not older than usa ... germany was always fragmented and that is what has been its strength actually . 
  decentralized diverse economy . 
  shit , germany 's economy is arguably too good compared to the rest of eu . 
  how did austria authorize this ? 
  i mean eu legislation says a refugee is to register in the first eu country of arrival . 
  of course . 
  that 's our way of winking at our old pals from scotland . 
  it 's a terrific city !, 
  well worth a visit . 
  source , living in karlsruhe , 
  yeah , it 's kinda interesting to see us and russia to bomb the same targets . 
  sweden : northen sweden - silent drunks and leftists ( and alround cool guys ) southern sweden - half-danes whose dialect sounds terrible stockholm - stressed out it consultants and general whiny bitches sm\u00e5land - cheep guys who are kinda good at entrepreneurship . 
  g\u00f6teborg - cool guys and fishers . 
  absolutely objective description . 
  it 's not great but we 're not nr one as it is often claimed . 
  i 'm not worried . 
  i would just like to see rotenberg et . 
  going in lada nivas . 
  you know , like true patriots . 
  would be interesting to see what the elite thinks when they suddenly ca n't buy mercedeses, 
  come again ? 
  you 're just jelly of our moose meat and blonde vikings . 
   that will end up killing you real early . 
  of jealousy ? 
  as context , the practice dictates that if the government can not pass their budget through parliament , there should be a re-election . 
  where only sd were to win . 
  to avoid this the wildly unpopular d\u00d6 ( december agreement ) was made between the government and rightwing where basically the right wing gave up all say in budget questions ( ie giving a free pass to the left wing ) . 
  making sd the only viable opposition party ... 
  it 's all about * not * discussing anything with sd . 
  not actually trying to push own politics at the moment . 
  i 'm not sure which is more scary , sd and their incompetence or the current leadership 's incompetence ... 
  his plan is to be carried out of the kremlin . 
  either soon or not soon . 
  that 's the only plan he has . 
  sure , i 'm not denying that , and i even could consider it if it were not for the fact that it has barely been upgraded since the 70ies . 
  no new security features , no comfort comparable to anything on the market . 
  you want a lada ? 
  considering russia 's low foreign debt , russia could borrow itself out of the currency crisis ... 
  but yeah , this has nothing to do with russian adventures abroad . 
   what was invaded ? 
  ukraine  crimea went back to russia , no invasion , not even a shot fired , they just nullified 1954 gift certificate . 
  meaning any paper russia has signed is worth less than toilet paper ? 
  because if they do n't honor what they said in 54 , why would they honor any trade deals signed to any other nation or company ? 
   in what exact are are you talking when you say `` invasion '' ? cause i dont see russian troops in ukraine at all.rebels backed by moscow yes , but invasion from inside is not really invasion.tatar could do same thing russia is doing , organize armed resistance backed by west.its legit apparently.and lets see how that will go down . 
  you know what russian troops on ukrainian soil are , by definition ? 
  invasion . 
  even fucking putin admitted that he ordered the operation . 
  time to get updated on the facts . . 
  that is such a selfish thing to say . 
  everybody wants to live even though hardship . 
  i quit !, 
  no but for real it 's difficult to so some of the signs are difficult to so with my swedish keyboard :(, 
  cool !, 
  i was wondering why it was written like that . 
  dammit !, 
  cool !, 
  i 've been doing some spanish on duolingo lately !, 
  i can say some awkward sentences like : yo soy un penguino ... 
  interesting that uk is surveyed , although they certainly have the right to an opinion , they are not in the euro zone . 
  if you look at how many people think the recovery goes well , you have germany at 26 % and spain at 17 % , although a significant difference , not that great either . 
  i think all in all the consensus is that eur zone is doing poorly albeit not terribly . 
  would get sanctioned by russia again ? 
  but true . . 
  what is more interesting is  the dutch study , the commission has confirmed that it is now looking into fragments that can come from an anti-aircraft missile of the type buk . 
  the fragments found at the scene . 
  thanks , obama !, 
   while it was initially announced that the deal could be worth more than $ 400bn for gazprom , russian officials now estimate it could reap significantly less due to the global fall in energy prices . 
  a benchmark barrel of oil cost roughly $ 100 at the time the deal was announced ; these days the price is hovering around the $ 50 mark . 
   with revenue potentially falling and construction costs of $ 100bn or more , the china deal could turn toxic for gazprom . 
   overall , the price tag of the new politically driven pipelines could exceed $ 125bn -- or more than double gazprom 's current market capitalisation . 
  given the company 's financial situation , executives have a lot to worry about in the immediate future . 
  interesting footnote is that gazprom is a state company , therefore i 'm sure the chineese have some clause in the contract that it has to be bailed out if gazprom were to collapse . 
  so that means that the taxpayer of russia is the guarantor of gas to china . . 
  are you implying evil west is not crumbling from the sight of smashed european peaches ? 
  you know , there was a deal not to redraw borders after ww2 since the desire to redraw borders was what started ww1 and ww2 . 
  guess which modern leader broke that deal ? 
  is it strange that some countries have some revanshism against that said country ? 
  they ca n't even get the name of a major tabloid right , how much should we trust them anyway ...  aftonbladest, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  ca n't you organise a bail out package for them too ? 
  i 've not heard of doctors struggling making ends meet in western countries . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  i read yesterday in one of sweden 's most respected newspapers about `` lights out london '' . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.svd.se/miljardarer-later-lyxlagenheter-sta-tomma ) really fascinating read about 4mil # apartments 20k of which are empty . 
  i never visited london , but if i were to , this urban zombie would totally be on my bucket list . 
  which translates approximately to  -- it is terrible that a person with medium salary , for instance a doctor , no longer can afford a living in london .
