  fit so well with your reply . 
  not saying he 's correct but you could be doing it subconsciously like by scratching your face of something . 
  lose your phone , ca n't even log in to email provider because of two way verification . 
  now you can even travel home !, 
   never let a good crisis go to waste . 
   the legacy of ussr , a lot of technologies ( nuclear energetics or , in this case , biochemistry ) were developed independently . 
  so there is another set of substances i do n't see how this answers my comment . 
  if i 'm a professional athlete and my culture mandates to drink herbal tea before a challenge ( i mean it 's not unreasonable that some civilization could developed this ) , and suddenly the main herb in my herbal tea is banned , i 'm sure as hell not going to continue my tradition if i do n't wan na risk being banned . 
  afaik the banned drugs list is public and every athlete ( and/or athlete 's doctor ) is responsible to be updated . 
  to partake in the olympics is not some right . 
  i 'm sure russians are n't dumber than the average westerner . 
  if there are enhancing drugs that are n't banned and are available in the us or eu , i 'm quite sure the russian athletes would acquire them in one way or another . 
  dude , everything russia needs to say is that this is a plot by the western world . 
  no need for `` proofs ? '' . 
  edit : case in point : http://m.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/4tf8q6/russia_operated_doping_programme_at_sochi_winter/?sort=confidence&amp;utm_source=mweb_redirect&amp;compact=true, 
  this looks like a trump quote ... 
  but jews seem to have no problems disobeying other `` laws '' from their scriptures , so why ca n't this be questioned ? 
  why ca n't you just question that you 're committing a genital mutilating of a child ? 
  but let 's question the actual custom at hand . 
  is it really needed ? 
  if my parents did n't cut my dick like some kind of cavemen , i can not be a good jew/muslim ? 
  misread your post . 
  edited my post . 
  sorry about that . 
  an authority is in its right to correct misinformation spread about it . 
  if a state firm responsible for the drinking water is accused of producing undrinkable , should they just shut up about it or just wait until the retarded journalist decides to change his mind ? 
  good god . 
  build a wall on the border to scotland !, 
  so which mistakes did farage and bojo commit ? 
  except the brexit ofc . 
  but if i hand them out in thousands i 'm sure there would at least be a notice from the police that it is not true . 
  especially if i disguise the leaflet in form of a `` newspaper '' ( ie dailyheil etc ) . 
  i do n't see how such a leaflet is criminal though . 
  it is a blatant lie but you know freedom of speech etc. 
  so if i write on a leaflet that all whites are being killed on the streets by blacks , the police `` should n't waste taxpayer money '' on refuting my lies ? 
  this is spreading of misinformation . 
  authorities are interested that misinformation is at least refuted . 
  how is this weird ? 
  of course they 're no opposition , they 're gone . 
  that 's a tautology . 
   and never was must be why politically engaged people and journalists go missing or are arrested all the time . 
  has this year 's election been hastily moved forward in order to distrupt the opposition campaign ? 
  or is the opposition in such shambles after the pogroms of recent years that it is no longer needed ? 
  see who showed up . 
  now that you are here , please tell me why i got banned from / r/russia without any nofication of violation of rules ? 
  you just went full retard , son . 
  never go full retard . 
  and heir ? 
  not sure if google translate or terrible russian . . 
  carries no responsibility for any action . 
  first of all , i 'm merely a filthy immigrant . 
  but you 're right , please tell me why you 're in your right to be proud of the chance of being born on a certain piece of clay . 
  who are `` we '' ? 
  were you directly involved in ww2 ? 
  if not why are you even taking any credit ? 
  i suppose you 're judging doctors without borders on the same premise ? 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  but i 'm not sure how ukraine is to blame in this particular situation where russian ( funded ) separatists are killing ukrainian servicemen . 
  am i wrong ? 
  if you check his profile his pretty much a standard russian immigrant in the west . 
  just allround protecting russia and spewing shit on ukraine . 
  why should britain have special rules ? 
  if it does n't pay to the eu to join the single market why should everyone else ? 
  it 's okay , he 's gon na say he 's sorry !, 
  it 's a clear case of viking . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  the funny part is it 's still the experts who get to deal / negotiate through the mess anyway . . 
  that 's literally how they justify all the retarded bullshit they pull . 
  i 'd love to care enough to google putin 's direct quotes on this but i 'm off to celebrate midsummer and enjoy my democratic freedoms in sweden where i ca n't be stripped of my citizenship for writing something on facebook . 
  sk\u00e5l, 
  russia loves to compare itself to the us , in reality however usa and russia are incomparable on every issue but one ( nukes ) . 
  good bye russia , see you in 70 years after another `` greatest catastrophe of the 22nd century '', 
  do n't ask a brazilian , they wo n't remember either . 
  if we get rid of `` special exemptions '' slowing our progress down , enjoy your own tits . 
  those clowns will claim responsibility for a car crash if it gives them publicity . . 
  i 'd wait for more reliable sources . 
  me neither and i am speculating , but if the allegations are true , i 'm sure it 's not improbable to find some links to some betting firms and fifa officials . 
  i 'm sure there can be a lawsuit regarding scam . 
  especially since there are many betting firms involved , i 'm sure they have an interest that the event is not rigged . 
  what are the logical arguments to leave eu though ? 
  we do n't need more protectionism and separate regulations . 
  the difference is a brexit is not a collapse of the eu . 
  a ger-exit is . 
  something something russophobia . 
  even in an article that casts ukraine in negative light . 
  you are incredibly consistent at least . 
  look , russia officially trained to do an amphibious assault on gotland and bornholm . 
  i do n't see any so obviously provocative drills in nato . 
  do you have any recent examples of big nato drills to attack russia ? 
  also , why the fuck is russia training to attack sweden ? 
  sweden is not nato and is not having some medieval ambition to expand its territory . 
   russian forces rehearsed the invasion of norway , finland , sweden and denmark during a military exercise involving 33,000 troops , according to a new study of baltic security . 
   the manoeuvres , which took place in march , assumed that a western-backed uprising against president vladimir putin was taking place in moscow . 
  under the scenario posited by the exercise , russia responded by launching a simulated assault on four regional neighbours . 
  first of all : lol , russia is attacking sweden because its dictator is allegedly being toppled by nato . 
  second of all : russia is simulating an attack on a nato member effectively triggering ww3 because dear leader is in danger . 
  and third of all : russia did practice an invasion of gotland as recently as last year . 
  on an unaligned country which has no `` oppressed russian minority '' . 
  please tell me about massive ( 10k people + ) drills of invasions of sweden by nato . 
  no one , yet .
