  it 's uncle scrooge in english  . 
  but it 's confusing , in swedish it 's joakim von anka . 
  you forgot that trump is an anti vaxxer too . 
  so if i get layed off all i need to do is to smack my boss because i 'm more dangerous unemployed than with a job ? 
  great logic , can i use it to get a job too ? 
  it 's funny , ukraine is like a vortex sucking up lost russian tanks !, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i have a vpn though  . 
  i mostly thought it was funny that gema happened in this context . 
  lol i 'm in bw now and am gema blocked from seeing that . 
  and this engineer did all different department 's jobs , programming , mechanical engineering , project management etc. . 
  more like everything sticks , it 's he is just not ashamed walking out in public covered in shit . 
  strong nations look forward , weak nations look into the past . 
  you 're following the classic explanation route of a putin backer . 
  if possible , deny . 
  if not , downplay it . 
  notable examples : `` nemtsov was a nobody '' `` the * majority * of the rebels in donbass are locals '', 
  hostile take over in 3 ... 2 . . 
  is it proven that it is a political move though ? 
  if it is i agree with all your points . 
  if not i am not so sure . 
  do you need some tinfoil or are you already stocked up on that ? 
  the government is too free to choose who they do business with . 
  this is a bank closing its customer 's accounts . 
  happens everyday . 
  let 's not scream wolf before we know whether the british government is behind this or not . 
  what sanctions are restricting russian economy ? 
  that some oligarchs ca n't travel to the french alps ? 
  or that russia ca n't buy western military tech ? 
  which sanctions exactly will prevent russia from building hospitals and schools ? 
  you break it , you fix it . 
  at least the us tried to rebuild iraq somewhat . 
  i doubt russia will do anything similar . 
  so russia has no responsibility for all the orphans it creates ? 
  but bombing hospitals deliberately is justified ? 
  fucking warmongering scum . 
  if russia is going to bomb civilians , they sure can take some responsibility and shelter some kids ? 
  or is it too much to ask an orthodox superpower ? 
  how many syrian refugees does russia take ? 
  also , a lot of measurements do n't make sense to do in volume . 
  weight is a much better measurement for for example flour . 
  how are ounces and cups more natural than grams and liters ? 
  i have several differnet cups in my kitchen . 
  the smallest is about 150 ml and the biggest is around 350 ml . 
  so what 's the point of talking to him ? 
  he needs our goods more than we need theirs . 
  for every deal we strike with him we increase his power to fuck us over elsewhere . 
  if you 're so well educated on the matter then you 'd know that government subsidies to specific companies is not a thing that the eu supports ... 
  i do n't think you know how eu works ... 
  low taxes and special tax deals with specific companies is different though . 
  what do the petitioneers do ? 
  distract you with signing something while looking though your bags ? 
  her outspoken goal was to die . . she can die already for all i care . 
  she 's had her chance . 
  leave the daughter and bite the big bazooka already . 
  exactly . 
  russia normalizing a nuclear holocaust on national state owned tv is no biggie . 
  it 's the us 's fault somehow anyway . 
  are you implying this is staged footage ? 
  there is a saying . 
  if you owe the bank a million and ca n't pay , you have a problem . 
  if you owe the bank a billion and ca n't repay , the bank has a problem . 
  `` you better present me proof that there is global warming . 
  but do n't post me those damn temperature graphs . '', 
  i do n't understand why people ( especially russians ) keep comparing russia to usa . 
  those two are not comparable . 
  one has highest level of economic development , elite universities , etc etc. 
  the other does not compare in any department apart from maybe nukes . 
  so comparing that the us behaves as a normal country in international affairs is not really relevant to the discussion . 
  you ask for a proof . 
  then go on disregarding potential proof . 
  good job . 
  jacking off regularly improves sperm quality . 
  so i 'll just sit here and hone my master race sperm . 
  i 'll have myself some kosovo instead : ^ ), 
  no , they 're just saying among other things that wada tampered with the urine samples . 
  totally not denying . 
  but we can voice an opinion . 
  yup . 
  it 's not like you can be charged for having anything sent your way . 
  hahahahaha cool story bro . 
  as an mma fan , where brazilians are fairly good and have a big fan base , brazilian fans are the worst . 
  even drunk americans are n't as annoying . 
  special sauce ... , 
  which again is a problem of resource allocation . 
  the swedish private sector is on steroids right now . 
  that . . and nukes . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archipelago_of_gothenburg speaking as a gothenburg resident : seriously , get on a boat and just go the the archipelago . 
  even if it 's raining ( although admittedly it 's much better when sunny ) . 
  it costs next to nothing - normal buss ticket fares apply and you will see some very nice views as well as houses that you will covet . 
  and the actual fact that they 're pretty much publicly endorsed by putin . 
  morals aside ( i agree with them ) , their actions are kinda illegal . 
  they 're violating people 's properties and often hop on to their cars etc putting themselves into danger . 
  just because someone is commiting a crime , i ca n't commit one too , even for a `` good cause '' . 
  then again , i guess this is the kind of publicity stunts that you need in a country where the trust of the police is at 14 % . 
  a delicate issue . 
  i mean you can go to some poor country buy good grades and get admitted to a high ranking school . 
  you can always buy better grades . 
  your turkish flair litteraly looked like the hammer and sickle on my screen . 
  i thought `` they introduced ussr flairs now ?! '' .
