  it is the foreign investors ' fault , says tracy weaver i 'm not sure what is more detached from reality in that sentence , the london prices of housing or her estimation of what medium salary is . 
  yes , the ownership is not swedish anymore but their business is booming with the ( hostile ) take over of kockums by the swedish state and a major fighter jet deal with brazil going on . 
  most of their business is located in sweden even though their owners prefer not paying taxes offshore . . 
  yes , military branch of saab is doing quite well . 
  and another confirmation that our school system is terrible . 
  and there is political apathy regarding this question . 
  great . 
  not really , if you have more valuable denominations as coins you will have more coins circulating . 
  coins are inconvenient since you can not stack them properly . 
  is that how bulgarian thieves operate nowadays ? 
  this is what bothers me most as a swede . 
  our most valuable regular coin is ~ 1 $ . 
  so we have bills from 2 $ and up . 
  whenever i go to the eurozone my pockets suddenly become stuffed with a ton of metal . 
  which i 'm not used to bring actually worth much . 
  it 's just parking money in sweden . 
  i imagine how horrible it must be for poorer eurozone countries where coins are even more common . 
  it 's a banking city , what did you expect ? 
  also it 's worth pursuing in educating the muslim minorities in gay issues simply because there are also muslim gay people who are really between a rock and a hard place in today 's society . 
  with meems and cats i hope !, 
  the more you know . . 
  how would you grab the head if not by its hair ? 
  actually she does n't hire a tractor . 
  do n't ask me why , she has successful enough kids to feed her and send her through western europe on trips but she ca n't let her old ways . 
  she lives in kharkiv region . 
  why ? 
  my grandma in ukraine farms more than that while being retired and somewhat ill . ( although she would n't need to , but she wants to kill her time ) . 
  bitching and whining that everything sucks is easy . 
  doing something about it takes balls and skills . 
  not wanting to govern shows lack of at least of one of those things . 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
  it 's populism 100 % basically . 
  digging journalism at its finest, 
  and then russia defaults once again . 
  like , seriously ? 
  this news coming out of russia lately surprise you the most ? 
  what about some glorious stuff like investigating whether the baltics ' decrlarations of independance were legal , or that `` gay propaganda '' should be banned ? 
  or that ukrainian jet that shot down the malaysian jet ? 
  or i do n't know , the arbitrary ban on food and medicine ? 
  or i do n't know , that russian soldiers were found `` lost '' 100 + km inside ukraine ? 
  please note , that all of the examples above were always stated by some officials in russia , not media . 
  media has made even more fun `` news '' . 
  to answer your question russia expects nothing , it 's just normal russian trolling politicians wanting some 5 minutes of glory on national tv saying `` we flipped uncle sam off , we stronk '' instead of doing some long term politics and ensuring a national welfare and its people . 
  been asleep for a year or two ? 
  shit , that 's usd 1160 / person and year , which makes it less than usd 100 per person and month ... 
  many of us produce more value per day . 
  someone threw a dime over the border ? 
  well swedish royal family stems from france . 
  and now with our current queen being half german half brazilian , our next regent will be what , french stemming quarter german quarter brazilian queen . 
  not even mad , because victoria is awesome . 
  and it 's not like this money was going to building infrastructure anyway . 
  it 's money freshly from the printing press to greece . 
  is this spending by government or are private funds used by universities also included ? 
  i feel germany for example has a huge backing from their private sector when it comes to uni funding . 
  tell me , how does someone like you view the events of august/september last year ? 
  i mean ua army makes major advances every day and pretty much almost has surrounded the `` rebels '' and ( as you 've admitted ) russian ex-cons . 
  then * suddenly * all hell breaks loose and ua army is on some desperate retreat on all fronts . 
  sure , the unit does n't give a lot of intuitive sense of what it actually is . 
  but if i were to calculate something using that unit , this is just another stupid source of error . 
  unfortunately not . 
  i was reading a paper for my thesis the other day . . http://i.imgur.com/dtzsjct.jpg considering magnetic units like wb and t are defined for metric systems and need to be recalculated to non-metric systems , it 's simply retarded . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tesla_ ( unit ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weber_ ( unit ) at least americans have the common sense to use seconds and hours in the right way . . 
  is it worth killing a person over a tv and a toaster ? 
  you also have to take into account what kind of firearm is owned . 
  at least in germany and sweden you can either obtain a hunting rifle `` fairly easy '' or if you want something more exotic like a pistol you * need * to be a member of a shooting club and continuously practice and compete to keep your pistol license . 
  not really `` imma buy a gun and shoot some cans in the woods '' . 
  holy shit son . 
  that is amazing level of professionalism . 
  how long is the police training in the uk ? 
  that performance was plenty weird . 
  so from my experience the artistic value is probably pretty high . 
  setting the bar high . 
  i would n't buy power tools elsewhere but a specialised shop . 
  there is such a difference between cheap tools and proper tools . 
  do n't forget to buy new , easily assembled ikea furniture when you are done burning your current one , 
  certainly it would n't look good from a publicity point of view but the guard could claim that he thought the gun was being grabbed . 
  if you grab for the gun the guards have quite a few rights on their side . 
  just look how he actually pointed the rifle in the direction of the grabber . 
  this ... this is beautiful . . 
  that was tame . . 
  the guard could have interpreted the situation as the guy was reaching for his gun where the guard could take way more drastic measures . 
  got any tips for german online brokers ? 
  but you have to understand !, 
  russia feels threatened by nato , that 's why it 's trying to protect it 's rights of attacking countries that are not yet in nato . 
  yeah i guess it sucks to be me and being not dependant on my parents income . 
  we pay world 's highest taxes in scandinavia because we believe that you should n't depend on your parents . 
  so what 's the difference between a kid from middle class living of government aid for a kid from middle class living of his/her parents ? 
  difference is we are not dependant on our parents but solely on our success at uni . 
  and the upside is even if i do n't get along with my parents i stil get money . 
  it 's true though . 
  what is the diaspora'a view of a country they left possibly decades ago ? 
  russian tv and nostalgia which both usually are painting russia in unfairly positive colours . 
  that 's because the diaspora 's image of russia is 99 % russian tv . 
  my mom is from ukraine and * even she * is a putin `` understander '' simply because her news intake is 95 % russian tv . 
  those government money come with strings attached . 
  like taking enough courses etc. 
  so like going to your job and doing your job and get payed accordingly . 
  so what 's so funny ? 
  maidan was n't predominantly anti russian at either . 
  russia bred the anti russia sentiment quite well on their own .
