  to get started with . 
  but when you reach a certain level , everything you learn is just exceptions and exceptions and ... 
  so english is very easy to learn on a basic level , and i think this is some part of the truth why english is spoken so widely even by uneducated people in poor countries . 
  but once one reaches a level of approximately the one slightly above daily communication , well tough luck , go and learn all idioms , their weird spelling , go get used to that the same words can be spelled differently etc etc. 
  that being said , i like the english language and would n't unlearn it for anything , 
  beautiful dog you got there , kind sir !, 
  i as a europhile person am very annoyed by this . 
  exactly this is some of the fundamental problems with the eu . 
  the average citizen has little clue about how it is ran , who is in charge of what , how the parliament is organized and all . 
  i do not claim to know it either , but at least i have a vague feeling of it and want to participate . 
  it is however impossible with the media coverage in sweden , especially during this election . 
  for example today , on the eventing news , the two major rival parties ' heads had a debate . 
  it was n't about eu elections but about the national elections in autumn ... 
  sweden . 
  i am really pissed by the lack of : 1 . 
  media coverage . 
  the political parties ' activity . 
  seriously , sweden generally enjoys some of the highest participation scores world wide , [ not quite as good as putin ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--mxbnhci2--/18k1daz57fwuujpg.jpg ) but good [ enough ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/countryview.cfm?countrycode=se ) ( national elections ) . 
  but for this election , which i see as one of the most important in recent times , with all this ukraine bullshit going on , there is zero commitment by the parties . 
  the other day i saw a modest advert on a bus station made by our election authority and actually spotted an ad for centerpartiet ( a party which enjoys < 4 % of support in recent polls ) on a bus . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's like nobody dares to make a campaign because they do n't want to risk losing support for the national elections later this year . 
  pitiful , really . 
  i think you mean [ 6-5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ckacuffbza ), 
  press freedom is n't about writing whatever you want without an repercussions . 
  if you can back that info up , you can write whatever you like ( see snowden & wsp for example ) . 
  writing something that is a lie without being held accountable is n't a right . 
  if you can back your findings in court , you can publish . 
  that being said , i 'm not a fan of active witch hunt on lunatics with a pen . 
  lived for a year in germany . 
  can confirm for accuracy . 
  this reminds me of the vodka flow in europe . 
  norwegians shop their vodka in sweden . 
  swedes ( depending on where they 're from ) shop it in either denmark/germany , poland or baltics . 
  ( just taking a trail of these ) the germans shop in poland , polish shop in ukraine . 
  ukraine ( my other homeland ) brews themselves because none of our neighbours is cheaper . 
  exactly !, 
  fb is 60 % shit , but there are great gems . 
  such as the cooking forum , the language forum is great as well . 
  travel forums are nice . 
  you have to take the good with the bad and cherry pick . 
  oh , sure . 
  mom hooked up with a swede in late 90 : ies , when i was about 10 we moved to sweden . 
  was a bit messy to get pul ( permit of permanent residence ) since apparently fake marriages are a thing . 
  after a while we got pul . 
  iirc one can apply for swedish citienship after 4 years after pul and/or ( not sure which condition or both ) 4 years of residence in sweden . 
  supposedly . 
  we got a permit to apply after 6 years for no reasons given . 
  that 's how i 've come to sweden . 
  since i lived in germany as well , but now am studying in sweden  . 
  i 'm sorry , not sure what your question is . 
  how i came to sweden and became a swedish citizen ? 
  speaking from swedish pov , i 'd say keep out of the euro until you actually gain from entering . 
  i was very pro euro when we went voting , but now in hindsight i 'd say it was a blessing that my side lost and we never joined the euro . 
  i do n't know about romania , but i can tell that sweden had some good experience having an independent currency , such as a government can devalue the currency if it feels it 'll boost the economy etc etc. 
  which romania with the euro could not do . 
  the euro is fine for countries with stable economy that have products that are always in demand ( ie germany and other countries with high tech industries and/or other valuables ) . 
  but romania and other countries ' selling point is often not the `` made in romania '' stamp but the price . 
  to be able to keep their main selling point romania needs to have the option to have its own fiscal policy . 
  same for me . 
  born had my childhood in ukraine , now a swedish citizen on my way to move to germany . 
  hard to say , i identify myself politically as a swede and am very happy for the youth years in sweden and much of the swedish culture . 
  i do however find swedes ( or is it swedish culture . . ? ), 
  to be a bit too precise , too correct for my ukrainian upbringing . 
  so i like the somewhat less reserved germany a lot for that reason . 
  still `` ordnung und sauberkeit '' but not to the extreme like sweden . 
  was living in germany for a while and was swedish citizen at that time . 
  was quite fun to introduce myself as a swede , because the next question i 'd get is `` why are n't you blonde ? '' . 
  so i kind of do identify myself as european , or a cherry picker if you 'd like . 
  i know that feel bro . 
  ukrainian born and raised , now swedish citizen . 
  people do n't really see ukraine as mainland europe but rather as a shitty/poor frontier country to the mighty russia . 
  as cheap manual labor . 
  good , cheap manual labor unlike some other countries . 
  my gf : s stepdad is a fisherman who is part owner of their fishing vessel , who went to do big maintenance works in gdansk or gdynia ( do n't know which ) and said that their work is as good as swede 's work but half the price . 
  a nazi newspaper , really ? 
  yup, 
  i think it 's one of a promise to restrain further sanctions , as we all know although the russian government denies it , they do have a tremendous effect on russian economy . 
  especially now when they got almost a million new pensioners from crimea . 
  varenyki with mashed potatoes and mushrooms is a must !, 
  try it next time and do n't forget the smetana !, 
  ukrainian checking in . 
  bortsch is ours , whatever the ruskies or balts say . 
  he 'd better be wanted for the abuse of ukrainian language . 
  [ context ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mykola_azarov#cultural_and_political_image ), 
  let 's make a geography exercise shall we ? 
  according to common definitions , europe 's eastern boarder is the ural . 
  now take a ruler on your map and place it from ural through ukraine and to the atlantic ocean . 
  you 'll see that ukraine while not exactly in the middle , it still could qualify as central europe . 
  so the term `` in the middle of europe '' is not inaccurate . 
  surely i do hold sydsvenskan in a higher regard , but fact is that are rumours , which may or may not be true . 
  this way of accusing and assuming guilt would not hold in court and thus should not be applied by media . 
  because if it is applied in media , then we obviously do n't need courts anymore to determine who 's guilty , just a big enough media outcry . 
  until aftonbladet behaves in a proper way i do n't see anything reported by that paper to hold any sway in anything . 
  to me a material sourced by ab is equal to an unsoursed rumour . 
  dude , aftonbladet has defamed politicians without any reason before . 
  try googling littorin . 
  carl bildt is just about the most respected swedish politician and has done some good work . 
  he 's basically the ibrahimovic of politics . 
  talks alot , but also does walk the walk .
