  change your flair to russia already , will you ? 
  well certainly , but i used peaceful as a relative term here , compared to syria , libya etc. 
  many people were killed in ukraine during protest too . 
  actually , peaceful revolution is also one of key european values . 
  just look at the collapse of soviet union including gdr et al. 
  democracy for one . 
  in ukrainian it means just `` buried things '' . 
  that name was always a riddle for me . 
  i was visiting a greek friend the one time i was in greece and regarding the food , whenever i was alone walking about , the food was so-so , not bad but not terrific either . 
  when my friend showed me nice places it was absolutely awesome . 
  the sites though ... absolutely awesome . 
  he does however make a solid case of voting for georgia , god damn !, 
  never thought of going there , now i 'm having second thoughts !, 
  now that 's something i 'd support . 
  putin has a proud tradition of congratulating people who were `` elected '' and then turn up running from the law . 
  `` russia takes care of their own '' . 
  got anything to contribute ? 
  this already happened . 
  remember those russian special forces guys who got captured ? 
  well the officials made the wife and the parents of the guys `` admit '' that the guy quit their service . 
  cute , he still hopes blatter can come for his birthday like another gentleman did . 
  there will be people coming home in the future . 
  either for nostalgic reasons or for work . 
  soon enough poland etc will have big enough high tech branches to be attractive for westerners too . 
  the key is slow progress and stable politics . 
  . . turkey ? 
  but then the swedes evolved . 
  i strongly disagree with you but i do n't think you should be downvoted for answering the topic . 
  if you are interested in a discussion , i would like to ask you a few things . 
   the truth is that there are many more catholics in europe than atheists and that is * what the catholic church teaches * why is this so important ? 
  i always wondered why a church should dictate how you believe or practice your religion . 
  and how do you decide which church exactly , there are many varieties of churches whose opinions range from `` burn the fags '' to churches where being a gay woman priest is fine . 
  i like how voltaire allegedly put it : the holy roman empire is neither holy , nor roman , nor an empire . 
  just do n't tell the church . 
  what do actual saudis work with or do a normal day ? 
  i 'm really disappointed kim could n't come . 
  you 're forgetting motorised dashcams . 
  fucking immigrants , we provide them our welfare sand and they just shit on us by taking their own . 
  je suis , france, 
  this is so meta . 
  vodka manufacturers in west making fun of russian stereotypes , and russian vodka manufacturers yet manage to outstereotype everyone . 
  i myself am ukrainian by birth and do root for ukraine on all key issues at hand . 
  ofcourse i find that the west should do more but i ca n't really demand anything . 
  however the west must use carrot & whip method here as the guys in the top of the society are still the same people as under yanukovich . 
  if not the same then people who were forged in the same era as yanuk . 
  so they are all basically in the parliment for the benefits to their businesses . 
  what ukrainians want and if west wants to see the debts repayed , it would be wise to use that whip for reforms to push forward new young politcians who are not forged by in the 90ies chaos . 
  however you are right , ukraine is the one of two who moves in the right direction . 
  it gets even easier from there !, 
  depending on if you count bombing of cities ww2 style as a a a legitimate military operation or not . 
  let 's not forget chechnya . 
  and caused immense pain to tens of thousands of families . 
  imho , we must not forget but we must be able to forgive and be forgiven . 
  in russia , repaying loans can be done in ways other than monetary . 
  depends , i still dream of seeing iran like [ in 1960ies ] ( https://i1.wp.com/i42.tinypic.com/244ce8i.jpg ), 
  since when is sending shit up the space is the only relevant metric ? 
  what about you know stuff like roads , internet penetration , healthcare , environment , average life length ? 
  you know , stuff that matter to everyday john/fritz/ivan . 
  it does n't mean the state directly runs it . 
  but as i said , i disagree with the decision , eventhough i 'm a `` russophobe '' according to the audience in / r/russia ;-), 
  i may be do n't agree with the decision to kick her out . 
  but it is not censorship in any way since it is not the state doing it . 
  i do n't put any judgment into it but considering all the countries in the world , i can think of more than 100 countries who would be way more devastating than us would they have the firepower . 
  it does n't really matter if us has 150 billions or a chewing gum and 3 spiders in fort knox . 
  they are basically the guys who provide the world its reserve currency . 
  the us as a state ( and its companies ) is a garant for the value of the dollar, 
   and we 've cracked the danish counting system . 
  which is more than can be said about the russians . 
  i firmly believe this is the reason they made a nuclear threat recently . 
  home coming is warrior . 
  what happened with the protection pact of 1994 with ukraine ? 
  if we count such arbitrary numbers as 24 , i 'll count last 15 . 
  usa : iraq , afghanistan . 
  russia : georgia , ukraine . 
  fucking hell ... approx 5 mins for the fall from 38k feet ... 
  imagine being there . 
  where exactly would a kid be detained for a country pin ? 
  russia really needs a better pr agency . 
  let 's say there are zero indicators that point in a direction that is good . 
  no political reforms even now are being passed to adapt russian economy . 
  you do n't understand . 
  that story about a ukrainian plane was never there to convince europeans . 
  it was there to keep ordinary ivan being clueless about the situation . 
  if russians realize how they have been blindfolded about the situation they would be piased and putin 's support would plummet . 
  all this is just a play for the gallery . 
  we can simply compare the number of synapses torn in male circumcision ( i 'm talking about the `` hood '' ) and various other circumcisions for women which may involve sewing together the vagina or cutting of the clitoris . 
  i 'm quite sure what is more painful even though i 'm a guy . 
  soon gb can annex parts of sweden by protecting english speaking minorities !, 
  disregarding the message , the pic is quite cool actually . 
  was surprised there are saudi metal bands . 
  wonder if they too sing about drugs sex and alcohol . 
  so if we count medvedevs time at the table as putin 's then putin is at approx 5500 days which means he soon beat brezhnev and is half the time of stalin . 
  it is not unreasonable to think that putin will be `` re-elected '' in 2018 and will sit then until 2024 . 
  which will give him approx 8700 days at power ( again , i 'm not counting medvedev being at power ) . 
  fuck , imagine dealing with this guy until 2014 ... 
  he 'll be 72 in 2024 btw . 
  happy alzheimers nukes everybody . 
  i love how empty the streets are . . 
  it 's more about dickwaving than anything . 
  we have this retarded kid in class , russia , who simply ca n't let go of old ways .
