  i ca n't now buy 50 shades of grey but i can take a 5 minutes walk at 2 am and have some sexy time with a hooker . 
  good going , germany . 
  ( currently residing in germoney , if my flair is confusing you ), 
  and it 's on steam sale !, 
  which is typical russian politics . 
  boast about great projects before the terms are agreed and then strangely nothing happens . 
  but hey that 5 minutes of tv time was cool . 
  russia always comes out big and then scraps everything . 
  what was it , they 'd build a manned moon base by 2015 etc etc. 
  care to give a hand ? 
  i do n't know how to ... 
  it does n't work that way in sweden thankfully . 
  downvoting a fellow swede feels almost as good as downvoting a dane , 
  might be because you 're somewhat swedish ? 
  in sweden jaywalking is a crime but without a punishment . 
  it 's basically only illegal so if there is traffic , you wait , if you do n't disturb the traffic , then it 's alright to jaywalk . 
  source : done it in front of the police a number of times and have n't been fined . 
  oh fucking shit , talk about deflect and divert tactics . . 
  a few times even . 
  i must say that 's a pretty terrible result considering how much resources they invested into creating the numerous of falsified reports and on top of that with nearly 100 % media control . 
  i 've seen plenty . 
  even in tacky colors . 
  i 'm not sure you understand . 
  i did not say that one brand type charges are the way to go nor that it will go that way . 
  for the simple reason - cost . 
  not sustainability . 
  you have to realize the car makers are n't fighters for a greener society inherently , they just do it because 1 . 
  it 's good marketing . 
  the time is ripe . 
  so obviously being a for profit car manufacturers as they are , they will either themselves or with a push from the eu come to terms on a standard . 
  probably it will be a mix of both . 
  it will simply take time to develop a technology which will satisfy all enough to do it . 
  remember this is not just building a car , this is actually infrastructure which is not something car makers are comfortable with . 
  obviously gypsies stole them . 
  that sort of thing will be expensive and would take years to develop . 
  you have to realize that it 's not * solely * due to the fact that others see tesla as a competitor a bit ahead that they refused this . 
  there are many technical criteria that need to be met when charging electrically compared to just have a hose which you can push gasoline through . 
  there are some cooperation projects in the industry ongoing on developing charging sockets etc that would fit most but the problem is the good solutions are expensive so they would really make it impossible to make `` an affordable '' e-car . 
  what is also problematic is the electrical grids are not built for this kind of loading . 
  this technical problem gets obviously more complicated by the business strategies of all companies . 
  actually . . http://www.metronews.ru/novosti/kim-chen-yn-v-pis-me-pozdravil-vseh-rossijan-s-dnjom-rossii/tpoofl---nok4cijyqcq5s/ google translated :  north korean leader wrote a letter to vladimir putin , which conveyed greetings to all russians , but also noted that russia has achieved great success in the socio-political , economic and defense sector 2015-06-12, 
  i heard russia is a reliable partner nowadays . 
  sorry , took a while . 
  google translate with some of my modifications :  as a simple girl from the moscow region - how to become famous ? 
  it is enough to come to donetsk and poke a stick in the severed human head . 
   this is what sasha from zhukovsky . 
  the link her page , she had not yet removed it - https://vk.com/id247193863  only at first glance it seems that this gesture . 
  no , this is not a gesture , but most ordinary everyday russian occupation . 
  it looks like putin , `` russian world '' . 
  pregnant `` rebel '' from moscow in donetsk , on the banks of the river kalmius . 
   but suddenly she notices in the water a severed human head :  2 . 
  and poking it with a stick , taking pictures , to update vkontaktik . 
  what 's wrong about it ? 
  it 's fun ! . 
   in fairness it should be clarified that sasha did not poke with the stick , but rather her husband , a `` militia '' . 
  sasha just photorgraphed and updated vk [ * russian fb * / u/poopedwhenregistered ] . 
  got his head , then made a selfie with - `` militia '' - husband . 
  cool walk , friends in moscow will be jealous . 
  as you have noticed , we have a husband with stars . 
  his page - https://vk.com/id261333870 [ * looks like russian prison tattoos / u/poopedwhenregistered * ]  7 . authoritative comrade . 
  maybe he cut off the head ? 
  they , of course , the orthodox . 
  deeply religious . 
  how else . 
  serve in the battalion `` vostok '' . 
   11 shooting machine guns . 
  throwing a grenades . 
  have fun , not like at home in moscow . 
  sasha walking the deserted donetsk . 
  now the city belongs to the same russian invaders , as herself . 
  sasha rests . 
  interestingly , in zhukovsky [ where she seems to be from ] are there parks , squares and boulevards like in donetsk ? 
  or had to stray at the rubbish bins ? 
   russians , welcome sasha and her husband soon enough . 
  they are sure to return home . 
   i do not know how many years russia will have to apologize for this occupation . 
  and we will not forgive . 
  first donetsk residents will not forgive , from whom creatures like this sasha from moscow , seized their hometown . 
  characters worried , started to clean pages . 
  mom urges :, 
  that 's just another argument that is used to justify his power . 
  ( no putin no russia etc ) . 
  same could be said about stalin , mao , hitler . 
  zappa disagrees  you ca n't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline . 
  it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . 
  wonder to how many countries putin could have said that to without lying . 
  true , the invasions of finland , baltics and poland come to mind too . 
  oh here we go . . it was 70 years ago . 
  stop milking that cow will you , that cow died long ago . 
  actually i do n't care as long as the result is the same . 
  this has actually been a very hot topic for at least a year now . 
   fair and balanced did you do it on purpose or was it by accident that you mentioned fox news slogan ? 
  can confirm am ukrainian , have large nose . 
  causes a lot of inconvenience when making out . 
  of course if people are being beat up they will respond . 
  but some victim shaming is nothing foreign to russian foreign policy sympathisers . 
  before they started beating students up and sending out mass sms to people in the general area of maidan about how they are on a governmental watch list about public disorder and before they started charging the crowd . 
  yes . 
  it was peaceful . 
  but then again your `` only legitimate president '' then passed laws against protests so then it suddenly became illegal to protest .
