  russia did practice with 33k soldiers as recently as last year though . 
  all while a hostile neighbor ( which has in recent times invaded you twice ) is continuing a military buildup ? 
  the russians managed to scare the fucking swedes into spending more on military . 
  swedes , a people who have n't seen war in 200 years . . 
  oh , you 're a smart one !, 
  care to solve the world hunger and cancer while at it ? 
  it sucks for ukraine now . 
  but let us remember that it is the corrupt politicians that make money on the state company that is transferring the gas . 
  so tbh it will push ukraine into reforms even faster . 
  ( i hope ) . 
  their side ? 
  you mean france or libya ? 
  cuz imo both sides have quite impressive lists of crimes against humanity . 
  did i imply racism at any point or do you just enjoy pulling stuff out of your ass ? 
  or do you mean the implication that france bombed libya and created a power vacuum is not france 's responsibility ? 
  so you wan na be as good as the saudis ? 
  good on you for the high aspirations . 
  so what are your suggestions ? 
  so far you 're only bitching about mine . 
  did i claim that that 's the rule or is it something you pulled out of your ass ? 
  i think if you bomb someone into oblivion you kinda owe it to them to help rebuilding a society . 
  if you do that you can 1 get rid of that gruesome dictator you speak about . 
  2 avoid a large portion of the migrants cuz at least they wo n't have a formal reason ( not being officially prosecuted ) to flee . 
  you 'll have the economic migrants but you have to deal with them differently than the fugitives . . 
  no the problem is that by bombing a country into oblivion , i think the country that did perform the bombing has the responsibility to rebuild it . . 
  meddling in uk 's internal business . 
  was a participant in preventing ( in retrospect only delaying ) a military junta in the kremlin . 
  i agree . 
  if it 's not kremlin.ru then it 's not credible enough . 
  it actually is n't a bad idea . 
  a tip is to browse insights on pornhub . 
  i enjoyed reading the analysis of the super bowl this year , 
  this kind of analysis is very labor intensive . . 
  so if you have more experts / asylum seeker then you get better results . 
  i doubt germany can muster a decent quota of regional experts given their enormous intake . 
  i agree . 
  did n't find the australian that special tbh . 
  i liked the swedish song the best , and i somehow managed to hear it for the first time tonight although i 'm from sweden ... 
  / thread in all honesty , i agree . 
  similar arguments can be made about swiss german as well . 
  they pronounce and talk so differently that it 'd make sense for them to establish their own grammar and spelling guidelines . 
  your argument is very convincing . 
  if you jail all political enemies , obviously no one will ever gain governing experience . 
  check mate . 
  you know it 's not really a human right to either visit ukraine or to participate in the esc ? 
  i 'm still baffled that russia is even trying after conchita wurst , not to mention after ukraine won . . 
  you do realize there is a slight difference in distance at sea between northern africa and southern italy as compared to indonesia and korea ? 
  or are you actually that stupid ? 
  dear t_d poster , explain to me as a resident swede how sweden has muslim problems . 
  seriously , your righteousness is a bit annoying . 
  you also do n't sincerely see the difference in having china as a barrier to immigration ? 
  you must be actually stupid . 
  amazing argument . 
  do you have another one ? 
  korea is still fucking far from south east asia . 
  really ? 
  what did i get wrong then . 
  he is replying to an article which in a statement supported by numbers claims that some countries are better than others for women to live and work in . 
  that guy 's reply to the article is `` but feminism makes me feel bad cuz it says that female dominance is good and male is bad '' . 
  which is litterrally a `` muh feels '' kind of answer . 
   muh feelings that is litterrally your argument against number based facts . 
  exactly , so how are european sanctions against kobzon 's et al property in europe are hurting the average ivan and olga ? 
  directly . 
  not some bullshit counter sanctions . 
   i do n't think annoying some officials is a victory of any significance . 
  in its bare essentials i like to think of all politics as `` some officials annoying other officials '', 
  i do n't understand , did i say something factually wrong ? 
  what about kobzon who was very annoyed that he was sanctioned and could n't get some decadent german medical treatment because of his presence on the sanctions list ? 
  must be why russian officials seem so eager to get off that sanctions list . 
  is there a practical difference ? 
  why would n't you be permitted to post your own thesis ? 
  you should own the copyright for it . 
  http://imgur.com/wmi2vq3 gothenburg in winter is amazing . 
  there is a lot of protectionism going on in the eu food market . 
  i 'm not sure why you feel the need to point that out . 
  it 's not exactly a secret , almost half of the eu budget goes to subsidies for farmers . 
  eu food standards * are * superior . 
  we do n't determine some country 's food stuffs as a health hazard depending on whether we have a good political relationship with the said country or not . 
  it is only natural to die from poisoning . 
  would n't you agree , comrade ? 
  as is tradition . 
  i honestly ca n't . 
  interesting theory !, 
  definitely worth a consideration at least . 
  just look at the olympics . 
  it was basically a money laundering scheme . 
  olympics is a much smaller project than occupieng two large cities and thereabouts . 
  i really doubt he 'd do that . 
  it 'd be reaaaaally pricey to do such an act , especially considering famous russian economic policy called corruption . 
  instead he can pull off a safe election win with much cheaper methods . 
  or you know . . 
  the time lines of nations are n't really linear and arguing some historical claim to this or that country is plain retarded and should n't be done with force . 
  do it like the scotts did it . 
  like the greelanders do it . 
  having a poland flair i would n't use that rethoric . . 
  just like yassir arafat , the eu etc. 
  that price does n't mean shit . 
  trump 's whole run was based on plausible deniability . 
  can any scholar actually make a summation of his policy ? 
  can trump do it himself even ?
