  and this is how wars start , 
  oh , the plebs can not make a decision ? 
  remember that the ones in power now are the sons of franco ministers . 
  if greece does n't pay it 's debts italy , spain and portugal ( in those three the amount of greek debt exposure is almost 3 % of the gdp ) will take a blow so hard that is very possible that it will trigger a default on those three , then triggering a default on france and germany and then a default on the usa , china and russia . 
  ah ... the wonders of globalization . 
  why do n't you teach them ? 
  germany have a degree on defaults since 1953 , 
  http://investmentwatchblog.com/list-of-european-bank-exposure-to-greek-sovereign-debt-default-some-will-fail/ yeah , and they should be glad . 
  the eu is applying what imf says and we are in deep shit , south america did the contrary of what the imf said and their economies are growing by the day ( and as someone who works close to latam companies i assure you they are getting to us ) so , if i was a greek i would rather try alone that with imf . 
  your best answer is a little story about a management error ? 
  what about those m16 on vietnam that caused thousand of usa dead soldiers ? 
  what about the shortages of basic equipment in the iraq war ? 
  what about the thousands errors of the same kind that the usa had incurred ? 
  you sir are talking bullshit and you know it but your little ego does n't allow you to accept the fact that the world does n't need the usa , the world existed for thousands of years without you and will continue to fare if the usa disappears . 
  it was more the other way around : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya seriously , stop being delusional . 
  defaulting gives you the opportunity to try and start again even when in the immediate short term it means poverty . 
  what the greeks are facing is living in poverty without hope or living in poverty with the chance to recover . 
  and that is what the eu does n't want to see . 
  you guys helped , do n't get me wrong , and we thanked your great grandfathers profusely and even today we remember them , but they were n't that decisive . 
  in lybia the usa did n't do anything outstanding and deployed more or less the same that the other countries involved , in fact , due to your military size compared to other actors you guys committed very little . 
  you can live in a bubble if you want and be all the delusional you want but the eu can and will fare well without you guys , that it is easier with you guys around ? 
  yes , but that does n't mean that we can not defend ourselves . 
  given the fact that they are your grandfathers ... 
  we did pretty good without you guys for thousands of years . 
  even in wwii , contrary at what hollywood tries to sell , usa did n't save the day it was a combination of nazi mistakes and the uk and urss fierce resistance . 
  the only time that the usa did saved the day was after wwii with the economic aid to the ruined europe and even that have played well for the usa because it was thanks to that debt that you guys turned into the world 's most powerful country . 
  you sir deserve my respects . 
  but with those illegal contracts you can coerce your employees into working unpaid extra hours , not taking vacations and overall renounce to a lots of rights and protections . 
  what saddens me is all that people saying `` is the greeks fault !, 
  they should be more austere ! '', 
  when all what is happening is to save the deutsche bank and they looted greece to save the german banks and if needed , they will loot every country necessary for this even the german people . 
  it 's not a problem , usually they have a contract with a company that handles the bureaucracy . 
  those recurrent temporal contracts are all illegal but those little companies ( the big ones usually follow the law ) know that what they are doing is illegal and the government knows to but because almost nobody sues and the numbers look good for the unemployment rates nobody tackles that . 
  it 's all about changing the banks debt into public debt . 
  no , it was taxed . 
  and those greek banks used that money to pay the loans they took from german banks . 
  when i see `` fixing greece '' i do n't see `` getting better lives by creating real oportunities for the people '' , what i see is `` lets take whatever we can and run for it '', 
  in the last 5 years i 've seen a huge change on the public opinion on this issue . 
  at first everyone was `` we need to help them '' and now it seems more `` lets sink the boats '' . 
  my father always said that calling someone black a `` people of color '' is like saying `` do n't call him black , in top of being one you do n't need to remember him that he is black '' and therefore that term is one of the most racist terms ever . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_constitutions the first compilation was in 1495 , so it means that the catalan identity was quite formed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_nationalism#the_origins_of_catalan_national_identity by the year 1150 appeared the first `` usatges '' identified to be catalan . 
  i speak : catalan , spanish , english and japanese ( although i 'm forgetting it cuz not using ) i would love to learn : swedish , old norse , french and italian, 
  just put them in the first fly to africa . 
  wow !, 
  that 's ancient news , the public opinion changed a lot . 
  sweden , is that you ? 
  those numbers are according to the church , here ( for spain ) : http://cadenaser00.epimg.net/ser/imagenes/2014/01/21/sociedad/1390274004_740215_0000000000_noticia_normal.jpg this map show percentage of students that choose ( well , their parents ) religious studies subject on school . 
  you sir , are an idiot that denies the true and swallowed the fascist propaganda . 
  why do n't you try the following ? 
  talk to your elders the ones that lived franco 's repression and find some of the still living ones that lived the war and listen to their histories , then , we talk . 
  thanks to a traitor called franco who destabilized the government . 
  yes , the political power had problems but they were trying to solve it but the church and the traitor could n't wait because the legitimate government were trying to suppress ecclesiastic power . 
  thanks to a traitor that pissed on his vow to protect the country and turned his arms against his fellow brothers and sisters , but yeah , everything was the elected government fault not the fascists . 
  just wait to september 11 . 
  our president . 
  do we have a deal ? 
  the brother of a friend was murdered in barcelona by a bunch of drunkards that were sitting on a bank and decided to kill the first one to pass in front of them . 
  people tend to forget that cities at night are dangerous and you should be careful with what are you doing and where you are . 
  i personally do n't think that this attack have something to do with racism , i think it has to do with a couple of apes drunk as hell and that can happen everywhere . 
  in my country , especially on catalonia , gypsies have access to great social resources to integrate them and some do and if they do n't tell you would never know that they are gypsies . 
  with that said the main problem with gypsies is that they are gypsies and proud of their traditions , did you know that on gipsy law robbing a non-gipsy is n't a crime ? 
  that says a lot . 
  let me repeat it more clearly they do n't integrate because they do n't want not because we does n't allow them , they are proud of that lifestyle . 
  so ... almost all countries are like russia you saying ? 
  i worked for the justice department of spain and seen some shit that you would ' t believe it will happen on a developed western european country and the judges telling me that this is typical at a eu level . 
  to put it simple , it does n't matter the country , if you have money and power you can do whatever you want . 
  the fuck ? 
  what is wrong with sweden ? 
  seriously swedes put your shit together . 
  sounds like almost all southern europe ... makes one sad . 
  if greek social economy resembles spanish one the rich can go fuck themselves to another country cuz they are n't creating any job . 
  in reality , the rich do n't create jobs or improve society in any way the only ones that create jobs are the little entrepreneurs that create tiny companies that employ from 3 to 20 people . 
  no , thanks . 
  we have enough with the moroccans and pakistanis . 
  ra should have a temple built by his followers , they exist too on spain but are far less on number . 
  you would be amazed by the quantity and variety of pagans on europe , i meet people who follow the roman gods , people who follow the egyptian gods and a couple more from native american gods to old siberian gods . 
  wow !, 
  i love that coat of arms !, 
  ( catalonia ) the legend says that guifr\u00e9 el pil\u00f3s was on his deathbed after a battle and the french king put his fingers on his wound and then painted the 4 lines with the fingers on the guifr\u00e9 's golden shield and said `` those are you arms '' . 
  the reality ? 
  no one knows for sure cuz those 4 lines lost his origin on the mist of history sooooo much time ago . 
  about the spanish flag ... we do n't talk about that flag on catalonia . 
  because is the all-father . 
  well , 3 generations back part of my family came from north europe or so it seems but that 's not why i 'm an asatruar . 
  to put it simply i felt the call of odin . 
  if i recall correctly we are around 4000 people but it can be more . 
  we have several asatru congregations and coe ( the one i belong ) is one of the most organized and for every mayor date we hold a meeting in our temple . 
  i 'm a pagan , an asatruar , and asatru in spain is recognized as an official religion so , our temple is recognized by the state . 
  `` today they also started building the first pagan temple to be built in a 1000 years in europe . '', 
  last time i checked spain was still europe and we have a pagan temple dedicated to odin in las navas , albacete , spain . 
  they have a very good chance , most people in here are pro-independence because is the less bad choice , if podemos present to them a good plan for spain they can get a good amount of support . 
  usually , both sides are brainwashed . 
  neither obama and the eu or putin wants the best for they 're country and his people , all they want is money and power . 
  or another ave station to quickly vandalize more eggs . 
  not necessary , this country ( and sadly it applies to spain or catalonia , does n't matter political view ) is full of idiots that does n't find any value on our historic patrimony and destroy it just for \u00bf fun ? 
  good luck finding one ... 
  my city talked to the patriarchs and reached something like and agreement . 
  it was something like `` all of you behave correctly and we let you be '' and of course , the city also sent lots of social workers to talk with the locals and the gipsies , if one of them robs or something similar the city retires all social aid to him and unoficially the cops just go there and beat the crap out of him . 
  since that our problem is mainly muslims and latino bands .
