  then everybody should go fuck themselves because that guy rights have priority over the other . 
  the generalitat passes a new tax on banks ? 
  fuck them !, 
  the pp government creates the same fucking tax but with a 0 value so it invalidates the autonomous one and the story repeats and repeats again and again . 
  okay , i invite you to come to catalonia and see for yourself whats happening then i dare you to go to any other part of spain ( excluding euskadi ) and try to pass as a visiting catalan and experience for yourself why my parents had to leave a bar on sevilla because they sounded like catalan people ( and my father is from madrid ... ) and they threatened to kill them . 
  or why when the building where i work suffered a little fire a man that was passing in the street yelled `` putos calanes ah\u00ed os quemeis !, 
  '' ( fucking catalans you should burn ) , or why i had to defend myself in toledo to avoid being physically attacked and i can write many many many more examples of aggression . 
  a country with one quarter of his working population on unemployment and gap between the poor and the rich widening by the hour is not falling apart is heading to oblivion . 
  and you `` good spaniards '' still vote to the same retards that led the country to this mess ... congratulations on being idiots but as a catalan i do n't want to see my country ( catalonia ) destroyed by your blindness . 
  i 've never said that spain tried an ethnic cleanse , i said that for the powers of madrid the only good spaniard is the ethnically castilian . 
  that means : a guy who is proud of the spanish flag , likes the `` toros '' , speak only castilian , is christian and traditionalist . 
  as you can see there are many people outside catalonia that does n't feet in the description but as i stated above , the powers of madrid not the people of madrid and sadly the first ones are the ones that rule the country . 
  examples of how they brainwash you into hating us : http://www.ara.cat/en/catalonias-ombudsman-catalanophobic-prosecutors-following_0_1343865680.html so many tweets that the ombudsman had to take it to the prosecutor office !, 
  as for my experiences i have no mean to provide you proof more than to teach you a few sentences in catalan and dare you to say those sentences on toledo or madrid and see for yourself what happens . 
  how cute , you found one of our idiots . 
  can you explain for me , if spain respects catalonia , why most of the people i know had problems in catalonia for talking catalan ? 
  or why i had to defend myself from violent attacks when i was on toledo just for being catalan ? 
  how can you explain the thousands of tweets asking the government to send the army and literally kill us ? 
   not an expert but what more can do spain for the plurality of the country ? 
  respect the other identities from the peninsula ? 
  because right now , for the government , the only good spaniard is the one that is ethnically castillian . 
  clearly , you have no idea how big corporations ( the only ones that can afford to move ) work internally . 
  you have the ceo that more or less manages the company , but this guy answers to the board of directors and those answer to the stock holders . 
  at the end the only thing that matters are the numbers alone . 
  well , i searched for the numbers and every country on your list is seeing the foreign investment rise , in greece it plummeted in 2010 but is recovering at huge steps . 
  for catalonia , ignoring 2010 that was a weird year almost doubling the normal amount , the investment is very stable . 
  or are you perhaps , talking about the almost untaxed fortunes sitting on banks that does n't contribute on anything to the country and society ? 
  if you are talking about those one they can grab the money and run whatever they want . 
  yeah , companies and banks will run because dismantling infrastructures that costed billions and moving them is the cheaper option not the one that every fucking company and bank is saying they will do : if they have the central in barcelona , open one in madrid or the other way . 
  pretty much like any other multinational those days . 
  what you people have to understand is that companies does n't have ideology they go where the money is . 
  i do n't know why some politicians still say that because pretty much everyone knows that as a country we will have to apply for eu membership . 
  well , first we should hold a referendum to know if we want to join that thing because i 'm not the only one against it . 
   aragon ( which catalonia was part of ) . 
  because the independent county of barcelona ( later known as catalonia ) ruler married the daughter of the king of aragon , so catalonia was independent and has been independent multiple times through history . 
  the claim for independence so strongly is fairly new , we asked for better deals with spain and got a no and our president got hit in the nose by the door , then we talked about going more into a federation but it was dismissed fairly quickly because spain was even more against it , so we have no other choice . 
  you have to understand that the actual organization of spain is what the traditional powerful families from madrid want because they are strongly benefited from it so they do n't want to change anything . 
  and no , we do n't hate the rest of spain . 
  occitan and french are dialects of latin . 
  shhhhhhh go vote ciudadanos and calm down . 
  catalonian right wing is left wing compared to the ppsoe . 
  do n't believe the words but the facts , catalonia as a society have always been gay friendly , we always welcomed and integrated immigrants without problems . 
  maybe in the economics parts is where the right wings of spain and catalonia are more similar . 
  imagine that new york produces 1000 dollars annually and gives 500 to the rest of the state but still can live pretty well with the remaining 500 , then a huge crisis sparks and instead of 1000 dollars you make now 700 , the rest of the state still takes 500 and when you say `` guys , can we reevaluate how we split the money ? '', 
  they say `` no , but we can loan you some money '' . 
  add to this simplified example the fact that we are very different culturally speaking and politically even more different and then , add to this the fact that we always been mildly hated by the rest of spain just for being different and you can make and idea . 
  why do you attack homeopathy ? 
  homeopathy did nothing to you or any other . 
  german efficiency . 
  tordesillas is a town famous for their cruelty towards animals and the people of that town are usually portrayed as bigoted rednecks . 
  are you , perhaps , from tordesillas ? 
  and not the only one there is . 
  i am a racist . 
  i am a racist in the form that i hate those who threatens europe and the values and rights our grandfathers died for . 
  i 'm socially liberal , i do n't care if someone is gay or what religion is but i care a lot about personal freedom and those people from africa and the middle east most come from societies that those concepts does n't exist and they are n't interested in learning . 
  sure , maybe not all of them but sadly the majority of them . 
  most of left wing people are like me and thats why left wing parties are having trouble connecting with their bases , they still live like 20 years ago . 
  then we have people line you who does n't understand that islam is not a religion but a political system designed to spread . 
  if you want to maintain your peace and freedom you need to be prepared to fight against the one that desire neither . 
  so , you condenn all abrahammic religions ? 
  because as an asatruar i had my share of christians and muslims telling me my religion is shit . 
  it looks like you do n't understand how law and government works . 
  you can have 2 of those at the same time , even contradictory ones , in the same region . 
  it depends in how many people try to enforce the second one . 
  the first one is enforced by the police and you comply with it because fear of prison , the second one is enforced by the will of the people if 10 % of german muslims are decided about following the islamic law then if someone leaves islam have a true right to fear he will be assassinated even knowing that the culpruts will face prison . 
  somalis does n't count ? 
   saying that la raz\u00f3n is a newspaper is a joke you have a solid point in there but foreigners did n't had to suffer marhuenda so i described it by the format it is delivered . 
  in here every one of them is biased but there are two nation wide media that are insultingly biased : tve ( the state tv channel ) is so biased thanks to the pp that almost no one watches it anymore , and la raz\u00f3n , a newspaper so biased that have been sued and lost multiple times for spreading lies . 
   i get the feeling that catalan politicians are only now talking about independence our mainstream politicians were n't talking about independence until we , the people , demonstrated by millions to show our desire for independence . 
  do not let madrid 's mainstream media fool you , mas is n't pro-independence he wants a fiscal pact and nothing more . 
  but the catalan people is pushing our politicians to go for independence and until madrid does n't acknowledge this we ca n't even start to discuss . 
  i do n't know what some idiot from the generalitat said but in here we think that the ave is a waste of money . 
  as it is the central corridor that those idiots from madrid wants . 
  and no , catalonia is n't pampered , catalonia paid for everything we have because 16.000 millions is what the central government recognizes but the real numbers are higher because most of the transferred responsibilities came with a funding , have you seen that money ? 
  because catalonians neither . 
  we need to cut a lot on everything because madrid does n't pay what is owed to us . 
  and finally , as a food for though , maybe the other peripheral identities of spain would be better off without madrid . 
  there are more or less 200 powerful families descendant from the old nobility or franco 's regime and they control spain , for them is first madrid , second madrid and if something is still available then it will be shared by the rest . 
  i was waiting for someone to say that . 
  have you ever checked how can this be possible ? 
  madrid does n't have industry or any productive fabric of respectable size . 
  how can they have this injustice ? 
  easy , when madrid and , for example , toledo agree to create a road connecting the two all the costs are imputed to toledo . 
  if do n't recall bad 85 % of madrid 's infrastructure is accounted to another communities making whatever they pay seem like they are giving lots . 
  so , refusing to continue the economic abuse that the spanish government does against catalonia is `` nationalistic bullshit '' ? 
  good luck with your pensions when we are out , 
  rivera is a scoundrel that would love to destroy every bit of the welfare system and state protection to the workers . 
  every 11 of september we have to hear him and his lies about catalonia and how we oppress people who does n't speak catalan and how bad he was treated in school because he wanted to speak spanish . 
  i worked with a guy that grow up in la seu d'urgell ( a catalan town next to andorra ) that paid his education and car with smuggling in the 80s . 
  with a `` pacto fiscal '' is not a big surprise ... 
  i worked for the justice department so i 've seen lots of them ... for the general public a good idea would be to lookup on the internet a genuine court notification and compare , usually the fake one is bad enough to not be an obvious crime . 
  a telecom company says that i owe them 70 $ , i say that is n't true . 
  they sold `` my debt '' to another company that pursue people to pay , so far they called me saying they are lawyers and they will sue me and sent me a fake court notification , they stopped when i called them and threatened to go with the fake court notification to a real court but most people would simply pay thinking it 's real . 
  because the memories kept by the instituto cervantes of the king of that time are n't a valid source . 
  because the fact that the decretos de nueva planta explicitly talk about abolishing the catalonian courts and impossing the spanish language as the mandatory one in the administration are all wrong . 
  hey !, 
  i gave you an option , is up to you to take it or not . 
  the fact that you can see more than a dozen different countries ( yes , countries ) each one with their own laws , traditions and identity doesnt mean anything to you , for you all spaniards are the same and does n't have any cultural difference . 
  because the instituto cervantes is sooooooooooooooooooooooo pro independence ... 
  https://ballandalus.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/11th-century-map-of-spain.jpg history , that thing that castillians does n't want to know .
