  by northern europe i mean finland , denmark too the you have belgium , new zealand and canada too as good examples and there are more . 
  why expanding the fiscal pressure to all the society ( instead of only the middle class ) and fighting corruption while increasing work wages are bad for the economy ? 
  it will make the money move and that is good for an economy based on consumerism like the spanish one where the service oriented business are the usual . 
  it seemed to work for northern europe . 
  why it would n't work ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  still dodging the question ? 
  and do n't forget that pp have lots of stalled judicial investigations because they hold power , if the new government of psoe is n't strong enough and podemos have significant power those investigations can be restarted and ciudadanos can become the only party of the `` moderate '' right-wing . 
  are you , perhaps , a worker in there ? 
  your proof ? 
  because to this day every accusation of such nature have been demonstrated to be totally bullshit . 
   hum  and by far podemos have done much more good for the spanish population since they are holding power on big cities than the ones accusing them did in 30 years they had the power to do it . 
  and it 's true and that means i have to accept it even when i voted other parties but i live in one of those cities and you can see how the city is improving and how some marginal areas are starting to improve . 
  out of arguments so early ? 
  crash course on spain news : do n't believe or give any mind to something that is n't backed up with a judge 's sentence . 
  does n't matter if left or right winged everyone lies and make up news to attack the others . 
  i do n't like podemos but i hate more when people lie and attack based on what one of the most biased newspapers on the country says without any proof . 
  treason to spain is quite popular and accepted . 
  no one from that list committed treason yet and podemos never said that they want to separate from spain . 
  the other ones said they wanted to do it democratically and negotiated so treason seems pretty far to me . 
   btw , bringing up the shit pp does , does n't defend podemos . 
  i like to compare things in order to explain concepts and was using a real traitors party for this . 
   also , now that i see your flag , do n't you think that treason to the state is a good thing ? 
  what am i missing here ? 
  no , i do n't think it . 
  what are you missing ? 
  maybe a proper education on critical thinking . 
  you mean pp ? 
  because signing the ttip like they did is purely the definition of high treason ( http://dle.rae.es/?id=afzsuui ) and making sure that for the first time in fucking history the sons will have a worse life that their parents . 
  but hey , the bad guys are the ones from podemos . 
  you guys need to review what treason means . 
  the only ones committing treason right now are the current establishment because they sold spain 's sovereignty and pissed in his honor and that 's the 2 things you have to do to be treason , using an outside power to help you fight the ones in power is n't treason if it does n't go against the interest of the population of spain and by far podemos have done much more good for the spanish population since they are holding power on big cities than the ones accusing them did in 30 years they had the power to do it . 
   however , elmundo has an excellent reputation of fucking with pretty much everyone , and is a kind of chaotic neutral , if anything leaning towards ciutadans . 
  you do n't believe it even yourself , anyone who have a functional brain knows that el mundos it 's pretty much another shit . 
  you know perfectly well that in spain does n't exist any major newspaper that is n't extremely biased . 
  nope , it is n't . 
  at least with anything regarding podemos of something similar to a true leftist movement . 
  today in publico.es they say that there is n't such report, 
  el confidencial is pretty much like fox news or the sun a tabloid for populism from the most outdated right-wing . 
  i miss living in molins de rei , catalonia . 
  a new cap with motivated personal , never waited more than 5 minutes when having an appointment and never waited more than 20 minutes on the ed . 
  minds ? 
  shhhhh he is the plan z for the separation with spain , we all fake russian accents and then he annexes us !, 
  i think it is until 28 of december . 
  it depends on what happens with catalonia . 
  if catalonia does n't do anything podemos can win the elections but if there is an imminent threat of secession then the right wing will rally under pp and win . 
  pp can not negotiate with anyone cuz they antagonised with everyone during the past 4 years . 
  psoe can not negotiate with pp because his base hates pp and it seems that neither podemos , nor ciudadanos will form a coalition with him . 
  podemos will only gain if there are new elections due to being demonstrated that they are a real alternative . 
  ciudadanos can only abstain to not loose more voters . 
  so , from my point of view new elections is the only outcome . 
  it would be an electoral suicide for psoe . 
  regional leaders not the president of the nation . 
  he said `` si no gano las elecciones , lo mismo me voy '' ( if i do n't win the next elections , i may resign ) . 
  you do have a point on that and the right-wing tend to stick together but i do n't think that soraya can resurrect pp . 
  i do n't know if putting soraya in front of pp would be good for them . 
  pp voters stream from old , very conservative people and christian from rural areas and i ca n't picture those guys voting for a woman . 
  and for podemos , i think that a possible outcome could be everyone banning everyone else to force new elections . 
  http://www.20minutos.es/noticia/2619122/0/comparativa-noviembre/paro-afiliacion-contratos-cobertura/rajoy-zapatero/ my bad , more or less we have the same people working but with worse salaries and worse social protection . 
  more ? 
  it have been growing non-stop !, 
  now we have way less people working than in 2012 . 
  you would be surprised http://blogs.publico.es/vicenc-navarro/2015/11/13/ciudadanos-es-la-derecha-dura/, 
  the problem is that the poor asturians do n't see a peny , that 's what we denounce . 
  that 's what he means , because spain needs to suck on another tit . 
  thats a lie , catalonia have always been an economic powerhouse way before the civil war . 
  what franco did was to let things be and rebuild ( partially ) what already was working . 
  but it was the same with almost everything , most of franco 's doing was already planned on the second republic but in this country people believe that before franco this was a fucking wasteland and then he came and saved us all . 
  you have to do both , but that requires lots of money and little corruption and spain have a surplus of the second . 
  you know that the basque country pays to the central state a fixed amount every year no ? 
   madrid is even a more extreme tax situation of catalonia . 
  it gives away double in taxes than catalonia . 
  there have been numerous claims that madrid infrastructures are n't accounted to madrid making it seems that whatever madrid pays is an awful lot more than it receives but the central government still does n't make public the `` balanzas fiscales '' , a move that would end this discussion fairly quick . 
   municipal sports centers are paid by the municipality , and it 's much cheaper to build one in the fucking middle of albacete than in barcelona . 
  salaries are easy halved , the terrain is often already municipal and it creates local jobs for the zone , so people do n't mind the waste . 
  tell me , alma de cantaro , what good does to the economy a sports center on a town in the middle of nowhere with a population of 500 ? 
  no good at all , thats the answer . 
  but the major keeps the his share for the building costs even when on almost all of those cases , the building remains closed after finishing because there is no money to maintain it . 
  barcelona can do exactly the same but instead we lent lots of municipality owned terrains to multinationals that created the 22 @ area , now a hub with thousands of it companies . 
  but yes , it is better to build a totally unnecessary building and create 4 or 5 artificial jobs that generate no revenue to the economy . 
  andalucia almost tripled it 's gdp . 
  it sounds good no ? 
  then you learn that almost 60 % of that gdp is from tourism and the rest is almost all farming , while industry is little to none . 
  you really think that such economy can be sustainable ? 
  every fucking month i pay more than 1000 $ in irpf and my blood boils when i see pictures like the one that aleixasv has posted , or when i see a fucking little town in the fucking middle of albacete with a municipal sports center better and bigger than the best one of barcelona . 
  and those formed guys come to barcelona or madrid due to the fact that the only work available is as a waitress . 
  so , why spend more money on regions that for 30 years neglected the economy ? 
  why we should give money without any control ? 
  so ... lets continue doing the same forever ? 
  give money to the poor regions that have been receiving money for more than 30 years without using it to generate a proper economy ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_and_freedom dem\u00f2cracia i llibertat , it 's basically cdc ( ciu before they split ) with a new brand to try and hide the corruption affecting them . 
  please do n't compare , i give to you that ara is usually biased but la razon directly fabricates the news how they want . 
  read then judge . 
  you did n't read your sources did n't you ? 
  because it is decentralised on paper only . 
  you did n't read your sources did n't you ? 
  let me laugh at this . 
  i 'm hearing an official statement on tv saying that this news are false . 
  no , what that say is that foreign investment is growing breaking records so that would mean is there are n't that much insecurity . 
  http://www.idescat.cat/economia/inec?tc=3&amp;id=0806&amp;lang=en hmmmmmmmmmmm,
