  so , i can wear a nazi uniform on top of a kkk robe ? 
  it 's a obscenity because religion ( deeply rooted but religion nonetheless ) not anything else so , why accommodate one religious view and not the other ? 
  we have problems with all the muslims communities . 
  they are the only ones that want to make everyone else to accommodate to their needs instead of the other way . 
  you know how is the only way to know if someone is jewish , christian , buddhist or any other religion that is n't islam ? 
  because they chose to tell you when they are comfortable . 
  you know how to spot the muslim ? 
  search for the only one demanding ( not asking ) for special treatment on the workplace in order to pray or follow stupid outdated religious belief or the only mother in school asking to change the scholar menu to adapt it to their middle ages views instead of making a homemade meal the only day of the month that they serve something your belief forbid , like any other religious kids on school . 
  this , a thousand times this . 
  you can not hope for radicals to integrate , they do n't want our views and traditions !, 
  they despise our ideals , if we want to integrate them we need to force them to integrate . 
  i can not go nude they can not wear burkini . 
  `` o follamos todos o la puta al rio '' ( we all fuck or we throw the bitch to the river ), 
  in europe live thousands of differents community from all around the globe but we only have problems with one , wonder why . 
  so , we should accommodate the arbitrary needs of some people that still live in the dark ages in case some of them may lose some liberties . 
  you can not be tolerant to the intolerant . 
  but what if you really like to work ? 
  how many years since that ? 
  because i live at literally 1 street from el gotic and it 's noisy and packed of tourists too at any hour except for a half a dozen streets that are half hidden and does n't hold anything interesting . 
  i live in the city center and tourism made me reach the point where i actively do whatever i can to piss off tourists ( staying on the legal side always ) , because they ring the door bell drunk at night ( usually british ) or they start to fight yelling at 4am ( british again ) or they just stay in a group of 10 to 30 persons in the middle of the street blocking everyone ( germans this time ) or just act like assholes 24/7 ( italians mostly ) . 
  they can say that they are citizens of the daesh !, 
  it 's all about recognizing their right to be idiots . 
  of course , first they must renounce any european citizenship then they can go die on the desert . 
  extremadura surprised me ( on the good side ) . 
  what you should do is start to contemplate the possibility that you are n't leftist but just idiot . 
  maybe that would be a solution . 
  it replaces the one that want to leave . 
  me too . 
  fighting for spain ... it dependes on the what and who of the invasion and in the end i would see it as fighting for catalonia but fighting for the eu as a whole it looks worthy . 
  it 's not useless . 
  right now , the strait of gibraltar is controlled totally by spain . 
  had morocco taken over successfully that rock they could have expanded morocco 's territorial water enough to control half the strait , that 's why we were in the brink of war with them . 
  in spain a 5 $ bottle it 's a pretty good wine . 
  http://www.bodegaspalacio.es/nuestros-vinos/listado-de-familias-marca/ficha_tecnica.aspx?id=61973 this one costs around 5 $ and it 's one of the best i ever tasted . 
  5 $ a bottle ? 
  that is a very good wine . 
  300 $ a bottle ? 
  that 's nonsense . 
  the problem they have is that spain 's wine is sold for a third of what french 's wine cost and the quality it 's pretty much the same ( in a general sense ) . 
  you clearly never tasted spanish ( or catalan ) wine . 
  it 's french wine , nothing loss . 
   i do n't know why people are downvoting you . 
  i do n't care , i come here to voice my opinion while others voice theirs and learn from them . 
  as long as someone replies with a good answer i 'm happy . 
  in my experience those open border people are a minority but as i said , in my experience so i can not say for certain . 
  in my case i define myself as left-winged ( a weird one but one nonetheless ) and i 'm in favour of closing the borders shut until we get our shit together and learn how to integrate people . 
  continue reading . 
  to arrive by sea you have to cross spanish waters so ... 
  the powers from madrid care more about power than money , specially if the money lost it 's from taxes . 
  they accepted the lost of 40.000 millions of euros from taxes in aids to the banks just to maintain their friends on the reigns of the economic power . 
  you clearly do n't know how the powers on madrid think ... if they close the border and `` teach a lesson to those llanitos '' they get lots and lots of voters and the sanction will be payed with tax money so they do n't care . 
  closing the border in a show of `` strength '' and `` patriotism '' would give a lots of votes to the pp so i would n't discard the possibility . 
  oh please , do that and spain closes all means of transportation in and out to gibraltar , in 2 weeks the rock is out of food and other basic stuff . 
  do you see how idiotic it sounds ? 
  spanish have a saying for this situation `` a ver quien la tiene mas larga '' ( lets see who have the longest dick ) and those contests should be reserved for drunks and kids not governments . 
  i do n't know which left are in the rest of europe but in here many people ( not politicians , those live in their own world ) from the left say that immigration should be strictly watched and if a migrant commits a crime kick him out . 
  no , but it 's a gamble . 
  there 's a real threat of terrorism attacks and you see a lot of people screaming and running and one guy standing with something in his hands while you have a fucking assault rifle in yours . 
  it is a gamble or not ? 
  and a gamble for being shot by the police . 
  you have to inform the local government if you want to organize something like this , so measures can be taken to ensure that what have happened does n't happens . 
  they are still lucky because in barcelona right now police patrols with assault weapons and if they mistake you with a terrorist ... 
  it is a country : country : a nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory . 
  nation : a large body of people united by common descent , history , culture , or language , inhabiting a particular state or territory . 
  what we are n't is a sovereign country but a country nonetheless , 
  in this case , i think it would be preferable to make them clean all the monuments and mop all the museums of the town . 
  so ... you have never been to another city ? 
  except for the financial capital thingy ( that may change with brexit ) the rest is exactly the same with almost any other european big city . 
  what is more important is to have demonstrable experience , a github full of projects and contributions speaks louder than a hundred certifications . 
  but of course , certifications does n't hurt . 
  devops are in demand , not as hugely demanded as developers but in demand nonetheless so there is more competition . 
  puppet is a good thing to have because several companies have it even when they are shifting to docker the legacy is there so is good to have it covered and something more on the devel side like a cert on ruby or python would be good too . 
  do n't go there , use linkedin . 
  infojobs is for low pressure with low pay it jobs . 
  on linkedin you can find startups on barcelona where , it 's true , there is a lot of work and you need to be good at it but for a developer the salary goes from ( without counting taxes ) 30k to 90k ( if you are crazily good ) a year . 
  i work on the field as a devops/developer and i have been on the startup scene for almost 10 years now , feel free to message me about startups on barcelona if you have doubts . 
  in the paper we have lots and lots of autonomy but when put on practice everything have to be asked to the central government for approval and bow our heads . 
  if enough people ask for it then yes . 
  but it 's still zapatero 's fault , even after 4 years of pp with absolute majority . 
  in my personal environment everything is pretty much the same , shitty salaries , shitty work and no prospect of a good future for the moment . 
  at least is not going worse . 
  i can almost see rajoy saying : `` see ? 
  that 's why we need to privatize the pensions . '', 
  like the one that taxed empty houses owned by corporations that had them only to speculate ? 
  or the other one that prevented people to freeze on winter `` la ley de pobreza energetica '' ? 
  or the one that prohibited bull fighting ? 
  and so on and on ... 
  check how the german landers work or switzerland that is real federalism . 
  what we have here is a weird merge that have the worst of centralism and the worst of federalism . 
  dude , your reading skills are one of the worst that or english is not even your 5th language . 
  it looks like valencia got independence the hard way !, 
  open a book not sponsored by aguirre and then we talk history . 
  said everyone before almost every fucking war on the planet . 
   independece of catalonya would only be achieved if spain allows it . 
  in fact , that is only if both parties want to maintain a standard of living . 
  if by any chance we decide to throw everything out the window and start a civil war it can be done , it 's highly unlikely yes but the possibility exist and that is something that spaniards tend to forget and with the economy going down the hill and pp attacking more and more catalonia little by little that possibility grows bigger . 
   spain is already practically very federal ; all of the autonomous communities already have a lot of autonomy in a lot of sectors ( education , healthcare , etc. ) . 
  until you try to pass a law in catalonia , then the pp goes to the constitucional and veto it . 
  like the thousands that came to protect the legitimate govern of spain against a traitor that raised to protect the church and the powerful ones ? 
  at least the guy works for a living , that 's way more than other princes .
