  i 'm not the one that made a big statement . 
  sources ? 
  please do . 
   catalan government has a debt of 236 mill of euros with pharmacies [ 1 ] in september 2015  catalan government ca n't pay the debt of 300 mill of euros with pharmacies [ 2 ] in october 2015 one of the things we want to solve with independence because montoro recognises that catalan people pays 8000 millions each year that does n't return in any way to catalonia and if montoro recognises 8000 ...  s&p sinks catalan rating to bb - [ 3 ] meh  independentism provokes a migration of corporations to other places of spain [ 4 ] that 's false and you can use the official data instead of a tabloid that competes with la razon on lies per line . 
   21 % of catalans are just above poor line . 
  there were an increase of 1 % from 2014 [ 5 ]  1 of each 4 catalans ca n't pay for basic needs [ 6 ] other thing we want to solve with independence . 
   judge orders police raid of cdc hq in of corruption probe [ 7 ]  jordi pujol and his family asked for an illegal commission of 3 % i do n't see what those corrupts have to do with independence . 
  you are right , the ussr had less corruption :p, 
  a guy saying `` wololololo '', 
  seriously ? 
  because in my street there are a couple of spanish flags hanged on windows and everyone knows who is who and no one have told nothing to them . 
  i have friends that are unionists and they told me that no one have threatened them . 
  sounds like the usa, 
  the head of catalunya si que es pot voted yes in the consulta and icv , part of the coalition , is favourable to independence . 
  i 'm not comparing them , i 'm stating that the law is n't sacred . 
  if humanity had accepted that the law is sacred and never is wrong today the president of the united states would be a slave picking cotton . 
  that happens here too and we are considered the progressive ones . 
  the shocking part is , at least here , homophobia is rampant on the elderly and the young ones . 
  maybe because in those good times no fucker from the pp had as a hobby attack us and convince other people of how bad we are ? 
  and by the way , when my grandmother left her little town on andalucia after the civil war the people of that tiny rural town told her `` watch out with the catalans , they have horns and tails because they are evil '' and many years later when she returned to her town to visit she had to explain that catalans do n't have horns and tails . 
  maybe the problem comes from longer than you think ? 
  because mas represents catalonia and the will of its people from the beginning of its existence and the same goes for rajoy and spain . 
  you spaniards some times make me want to leave the fucking country , not with independence , leave the fucking peninsula for good and never look back . 
  you guys are so fucking dense some times that makes me wonder how the hell spain got to today . 
  it would be pointless because genetically we 're pretty much the same in western europe . 
  i live in the center of barcelona and the only halloween things are for young adults parties , never saw children doing anything related to it . 
  in catalonia we have `` la castanyada '' so we do n't need some american consumerism . 
  this one for example . 
   no more `` aforamientos , changing the electoral law and a bunch of other things that were unthinkable with the past bipartidism . 
  hahahaha , wait until you know rivera better . 
  he is a huge liar that only goes to wherever his interests are so if you think that he will trigger changes better go take a seat to wait . 
  so , as an asatru practitioner , a religion recognized in spain , i can go to school with a sword ( it represents my faith on tyr ) and with a lance ( odin ) ? 
  those are sacred items for asatruars following your logic i should be able to bring those everywhere . 
  this is observed on the geneva treaty , if a new nation if born from a secession of a previous country , the debt should be negotiated . 
  if the new nation gets , for example , 20 % of the debt it should get 20 % of the previos shared actives , like the military . 
  the accepted debt can not be so huge that impossibilite the new nation growth and economic viability . 
   basic right like freedom of speech , of assembly , etc ) requires a referendum in the entire country those rights are heavily attacked by `` la ley mordaza '' and i have n't seen any referendum about that . 
  can it be that it 's more a situation of `` i use the constitution only for things that i dislike '' ? 
  you can have all of it for yourself . 
  he choose the territories at the most expansive moment of the aragon crown . 
  we have very different ideas on how we see life . 
  i 'm not saying our are better or theirs , all i 'm saying is we have colliding political opinions for almost anything . 
  nope , you are very much correct . 
  they say we are being manipulated like a mantra because they do n't want to believe that this is the will of the people . 
  we have idiots too , you know . 
  ninjas . 
  a competition to see who covers an arbitrary length more quickly . 
  in fact , it 's very efficient !, 
  are there more doors than windows ? 
  no , then it 's better to use the windows so the car get emptied earlier . 
  http://magnet.xataka.com/why-so-serious/34-vinetas-de-humor-grafico-de-los-70-que-lo-explican-todo-sobre-el-panorama-actual wow , those were made 40 years ago and could have made today . 
  add to that the fact that the transition from dictatorship to democracy was a joke that left the scars of the civil war bleeding but with a blanket on top and you get people with irreconcilable positions on politics . 
  the pp chose it by chosing the day of the investment debate that marks the start of the time down to elections . 
  why they did it ? 
  historically the more people abstain the more representation pp gets . 
  dude , in that wikipedia page they are discussing if it 's something worthy of mention because it seems to be used only by a small circle of us based idiots . 
  the economy is getting better so it 's starting to look like a clever plan to get out of the crisis :p, 
  til that anan\u00e1s is a valid spanish word for pineapple ( http://dle.rae.es/?id=2w7yb0e ) even when everyone uses `` pi\u00f1a '' instead of that . 
  man , i learned a spanish word from an englishman ... what a day . 
   starting mid-september , more than half a million 18-year-olds living in italy are eligible to receive vouchers valued at more than $ 500 each . 
  the vouchers will allow recipients to visit museums free , go to concerts for reduced prices or watch movies . 
  from this to -  money in exchange of no terrorism . 
  man , it looks like `` elmundotoday '' . 
  i applaud this . 
  i would love to see the same in here to be honest . 
  i downvoted you because i have never ever heard of that ( even when i grow up with some neo-nazis friends ) and to me that looks like a pathetic attempt to draw attention to you by pointing something absolutely ridiculous that contributes nothing to the discussion . 
  they say that third elections will be spot on christmas day . 
  it looks completely impossible . 
  the pp of rajoy have antagonized with everyone , rivera is pacting with him because new elections will hurt him the most but that 's it . 
  read it well . 
  when you read an article on wikipedia , specially if a scientific one , you should also read the links and annotations because those give the context . 
  do n't play dumb , every country with enough history have killed and enslaved millions . 
  it 's what makes us human . 
  it 's funny because i met several people from crimea and they are absolutely afraid of returning to the hands of the government of kiev . 
  they told me that the neo-nazis of kiev ( remember who they are ... ) have threatened them with mass slaughter of every non-ethnic ukranian on crimea . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_categorization ) read it , there are races among humans . 
  estonia , sweden , ireland or denmark . 
  to me that looks like cherry picking what you like and what not . 
  from what i 've read the nazis leaders did a really good job in keeping everyone out of the loop ( something really easy to do before internet ) even replacing the military with the ss on the camps due to leaks . 
  my wife and i want to go to venice on december but we , as people who suffers barcelona tourism , do n't want to increase the problem . 
  how do you suggest that we should approach our visit to venetia ? 
  in fact , yes . 
  you spend more to create a better economic framework that generates more revenue that allows to pay the debt . 
  it 's the same principle that companies follow , when companies are through a rough patch they spend more to try to increase their market share and survive . 
  and we should fight to change that , in 2016 , people can not dance because it offend the medieval belief of some individuals instead of allowing more medieval idiotic behavior . 
  because , at least here , holidays are n't christian . 
  sure , it was the case some decades ago but when we switched to democracy we decided that workers needed x holidays a year and people was already used to those days being off so it was an easy choice . 
  the burkini part hurts my european identity by people that using it sends the message `` i do n't want to integrate in your culture . '', 
  so , if they do n't like the culture here they are very free to go to another country with a more friendly culture towards their religious views . 
  i would , but if i talked to her his husband would probably hit her and i do n't want that . 
  so , another case of `` isolated incident '' and `` they do n't represent islam '' to the mountain of thousands of them ? 
  https://krita.org/ for the photoshop part . 
  the cost of a rhel server is on the hundreds of euros whereas a windows server 2012 with the same functionality is on the thousands . 
  i live on a neighborhood full of muslims from almost all of the muslim countries ( el rabal , for those that know barcelona ) and only know one guy that is integrated and the poor guy can not enter the mosque because the radicals despise him . 
  also when i was a kid in the next street lived a muslim family fully integrated too and we played with the kids and protected them from the other muslims because they literally were saying `` you deserve to die for playing and getting along with the non-believers '', 
  all of this is based on the premise that they will want to integrate when they see how good and advanced our countries are and adopt a more european way of life but that is wrong . 
  they do n't want to integrate , they think we are in the wrong and that they are in the right . 
  we have been trying that and does n't seem to work that well . 
  why ? 
  fear of discovering you like both sides of the street ?
