  it feels good at sex , try it . 
  what a marvelous political analysis . 
  podemos = mainly socialists . 
  iu = mainly soft communists . 
  i would expect people that say such statements to provides sources to back up their claim , something the right winged people seems rather unused to . 
  you are bad catalan , why are you dancing when you should be working ? 
  you mean those allegations that were discarded by the supreme court ? 
  in catalonia and mainly barcelona , go to the rural areas of leon or albacete you will be amazed on how kind and welcoming those people are until they open their mouth about politics and society . 
  utter despair . 
  being an spaniard feels horribly the more you learn about politics and how the country works , that nothing you do will change anything because franco left `` todo atado y bien atado '' ( everything tied and well tied ) and that the `` two spains '' still exists and hate each other with a ferocious intensity . 
  here mediocrity is rewarded and pursued , if someone stands out thanks to hard work and talent the people say `` he got lucky '' and tries to demoralize him . 
  almost everyone goal is to become a public servant to have a job where they can do little and get paid . 
  the political system is so rigged in favour of the most conservative areas of the country ( for the senate , the votes of the areas that helped franco 's betrayal have way more power than the ones that did n't . 
  and you need the senate to change the constitution ) , areas so conservative that still think it 's ok to execute someone if they are gay , leftist or non-catholic . 
  and those are the less populated areas of the country . 
  utter despair because here people are tired of corruption but still vote for the same corrupts every four years and congratulate each other when they evade taxes . 
  and total sadness that a country with such grand history , art , culture and scientists have never been able to defend that history and nourish it , instead is pissed on and nothing is done to encourage new generations into stepping on the shoes of that history . 
  there are few countries that allow you to become stateless . 
  if all the eeuu recognizes it , the rest will follow . 
  the immigration control authority ** may ** not extradite the foreign national unless the said nation accepts the foreign national . 
  that 's the key , they wo n't get into a trouble with china or the usa but vietnam ? 
  they could n't care less about them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_national so , anyone who is n't japanese . 
  now and then in / r/legaladvice you see some post of someone that have become stateless because the usa allows it 's people to resign citizenship and it starts a shithole of problems for that person . 
  we should create a puppet government on an island somewhere that his only function is to give citizenship to that kind of people . 
  http://www.immi-moj.go.jp/english/tetuduki/taikyo/reisyo.html * ( 1 ) destinations of deportation in principle , the immigration control authority will deport a foreign national to the foreign national 's home nation . 
  however , if it is impossible to do so , the authority will deport the foreign national to the following locations by paying due attentions to the foreign national 's intention . 
  a country in which he had been residing immediately prior to his entry into japan b. 
  a country in which he once resided before his entry into japan . 
  c . a country to which the port , where he boarded the vessel or aircraft departing for japan , belongs . 
  d . a country where his place of birth is located . 
  e . a country to which his birthplace belonged at the time of his birth . 
  f. any country other than those given in the preceding items . 
  * they also say : * the immigration control authority may not extradite the foreign national unless the said nation accepts the foreign national . 
  * but i have heard that they do not enforce that last one with countries with less political power worldwide . 
  it 's not impossible at all . 
  japan does it constantly , they put you in a regular plane to whatever country and literally they say `` not my problem '' . 
   if someone dropped me in catalonia and i had to ask for directions , i would n't know if i was in catalonia or extremadura well , your observational powers seem pretty lame . 
   ( and considering that in none of them there is a majority for independence , it seems like nothing is going to change in a long time ) when have been the referendum to know that ? 
  they have an external point of view , and that is valuable . 
  i tried local food but the hotel staff knew that i came from spain and asked for my opinion because they though that it was `` real '' iberian food . 
  when i was visiting sweden for some days i stayed on a 4 star hotel on the center of stockholm ( the company was paying ) and one day they had `` iberian cold meat '' for lunch , it was horrible like the worst i 've ever tasted . 
  a finnish guy eating chorizo bought on lidl . 
  the wonders of today !, 
  who goes to sleep with the arse itching , wakes up with the finger smelling . 
  hell , i 'm not even english and i hate the tories !, 
  that is n't known . 
  as the previous guy said : no one knows , it is a unprecedented legal matter so it will take some time and lots of talk to know what happens . 
  he could n't because some little thing called globalisation . 
  if he tried to do that the left would have caused an uprising and another civil war , he did what he had to do in order to maintain the oligarchs . 
  and we do n't owe him shit and if he hold no power , why he have a fortune of thousands of millions ? 
  when he came to spain called by franco he had literally nothing . 
  and less kings . 
  i 'm starting to think that it 's impossible for our governments to be that blind to the natural clashes that come from letting lots of people from another culture , and this is all a part to minimise the talk about ttip . 
  if it is n't the case it 's horrifying too because it would meant we are ruled by absolute idiots . 
  that 's how , i hope , the majority thinks . 
  but we are discussing the reality and not the possibilities . 
  it 's war tactics 101 , i do n't know what hollywood put on your minds but since ww2 it 's pretty common to attack hospitals and civilian facilities to demoralise the enemy population and make your enemy soldiers deal with your soldiers and a desperate population behind them . 
  it is horrible and sad ? 
  yes , but that 's how the world is . 
  one from pp also said `` some people only remembered their father when there was public money to get '' [ article with the idiot saying it ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2013/11/23/5290a49261fd3d94778b4572.html ) so it 's no wonder they attack each and every effort to remove the traitor 's honours . 
  i 've never meant to say that there was `` exceptionalism '' you have madrid for example that resisted like no one else the attacks of the traitors . 
  and you have thousands of people from every part of spain and outside who believed on the republic and gave their life for it . 
  i never said that basques or catalans were the only one to suffer or suffered the most and if someone says so hi is an idiot . 
  everyone who 's family did n't support the traitor suffered a lot . 
  so you want to honour a traitor that killed thousands of the people he promised to protect ? 
  a fucking traitor that made millions sacking out spain and making his family so rich that still to this day the franco 's are one of the most powerful families of spain ? 
  honouring people that tortured people just for fun decades after the war ended ? 
  so it 's preferable to send 14 year old boys ( my grandfather for example ) to war you say ? 
  and how do you know how spain would have turned ? 
  the escorial is a work of art so any second you pass on the valley instead of the escorial is a loss of time because the valley is one of the most horrendous things you can see . 
  http://www.eldiario.es/ciencia/esculturas-valle-caidos-desmoronan-chapuzas_0_59844351.html we need only to wait and it will fall on it 's own . 
  there is a law because people demanded it , lots of people , but the previous government , all sons of franco 's minions , left it unfunded so it would have no effect . 
  a lie yeah , that 's why barcelona was bombed almost as much as madrid and in the old town there is still lots of bullets holes but hey !, 
  our grandfathers were quite happy with that traitor and approved of him ... 
  and you can live in a street with the name of the one that ordered the execution of your father or grandfather . 
  if it was for me i would remove every name of franco 's side members from everywhere except for the history books . 
  today is this particular law , tomorrow free speech . 
  if you break a law it have to be with the backing of your population in order to legitimate that move . 
  if not , the only thing between you and a totalitarianism regime is a single step . 
  the majority of us does n't have anything but our best wishes for spain and spaniards . 
  when someone says `` puta espa\u00f1a '' ( fuck spain can be a translation ) he usually refers to the powers on madrid not that poor guy that wakes at 6am to go to work . 
  the more power you have the more money you can get your hands on . 
  you seriously think that any prosecutor will go against the president ? 
  especially one with a total majority of seats ? 
  even when his father treatment was charged to the moncloa ( something against the law ) the prosecutors said they wo n't push charges and waived the case . 
  yeah because the power that a property register holds is far greater than the one that president have . 
  you seriously believe him when he says it ? 
  and about pujol , still do n't know what that corrupt have to do with this other corrupt . 
  i know people like that , they are usually white middle up class raised on a neighbourhood where the most multicultural thing is that chinese restaurant on the corner . 
  they grew on a comfy little bubble and do n't know how really bad are some other cultures when mixed with ours . 
  and it surprises you coming from rajoy ? 
  that guy stayed in power just to get richer . 
  basque as fuck . 
  they are doing it . 
  that 's beautiful !, 
  i have to go to cantabria someday . 
  i 'm a catalan patriot but i do n't feel anything for spain , sure if it is attacked unjustly i will defend it but that 's it . 
  that 's the sad truth about the spanish identity , fascists stole it for themselves . 
  i did n't heard of it since urdangarin married the infanta , that was the last time .
