  you can come and live with us , if you are and honest working person you are more than welcome . 
  ciu : right wing democrats . 
  pp : right wing authoritarians . 
  pp are the descendants of the ministers of franco and they think that spain is owned by them . 
  valencia and balearic islands speak catalan ( as they respective language institutions validated ) because they were conquered by the crown of aragon and repopulated with people from catalonia . 
  there are several languages and identities inside the peninsula and the castillians powers ( not the people ) have tried systematically to erase those identities in order to make their ideal spain . 
  they achieved more progress in some regions than others , in catalonia nearly 90 % of the population is able to maintain a conversation on catalan and most people identifies themselves as catalonian . 
  again , is not the differences that makes us want to part ways with spain , is the belligerence and intolerance of the castillians . 
  just the memories of jaume i and his son alongside the maps that have been conserved until today and other things . 
  have you ever been exposed to alternatives ? 
  and every galician speaks your language , yeah . 
  because the kingdom of murcia , that 's why . 
  the last 300 years have been castillian powerful families trying to erase the identity of the surrounding ones and replace it with the castillian one in order to expand their power , in some areas they achieved good results ( valencia and galicia ) in others they did n't ( catalonia ) . 
  the terms `` king of the hispanias '' was created as an abbreviation to the titles of the kings that came after the catholics kings because writing : rey de castilla , leon , navarra , aragon , murcia , conde de barcelona , principe de catalunya , rey de mallorca , de napoles , etc. . . was a pain in the ass . 
  hating the gabatxos . 
  it was n't a union as we understand it now , every kingdom under those two crowns retained full independence from one another . 
  most people agree that spain was formed in 1715 with those `` decretos de nueva planta '' that impossed the laws of castilla and dissolved the governments of the others . 
  in fact , the flag was catalonian , the coat of arms of the aragon kings were 4 moros decapitated . 
  it changed with the wedding of the count of barcelona with the daughter of the king of aragon . 
  and then you 'll need another form because the one that told you the normative did n't read the new memorandum explaining the new rules , then you will have to pay 3 $ to get the new form and wait 2 weeks to have it with all the necessary stamps if you are lucky . 
  good for you . 
  can you please share with the rest of the world your ways ? 
  it is clears that thousands are wrong and you have discovered the way to live with those people . 
  you clearly have n't lived near a romanian gipsy camp . 
  is a thyssen-krupp elevator ( i 've never seen any other elevator in fact ) but a really old one . 
  no one on a medium sized group of young people ? 
  and even if they are relaxed , not blocking the street is something that people would call civism . 
  in my building there is a holiday apartments company , and the tourists come to get the keys . 
  the elevator is fairly old and can not lift more than 2 people , lots of tourists from all over the world enter the elevator 4 guys at a time and the elevator starts to beep and they look at the elevator like it 's an alien invention not knowing what to do . 
  do you seriously say spain is the only country with elevators that beep when overweighted ? 
  so , people turn into idiots while visiting other countries ? 
  maybe there is an explanation to this ... 
  i live in the city centre ( pla\u00e7a catalunya ) of barcelona and it 's impossible to walk , herds of tourists that are absolutely ignorant of their surroundings blocking the streets . 
  the other day a group of germans where in the middle in the street , i asked politely in english that they move to a side so people can use the street . 
  the result ? 
  a sheepish look in the eyes . 
  at the end i had to push them to a side ( i 'm a very big guy ) violently and scare them to be able to pass and i hate to start my day pushing people violently to a side . 
  `` ornitorinc '' only one `` r '', 
  shut up portugal :d, 
  :( we 're brothers do n't do this . 
   mind you i agree that he was right to cut these salaries , but there is always the possibility that he used his power over their salaries to get them to cooperate . 
   thats the issue and the most likely reason he was overruled . 
  because there was the possibility him abusing his power . 
  and i say , without wishing to set a precedent over the internet , that i recognize that you are right and therefore i was wrong . 
  the key is `` registered unemployed '' . 
  that does n't necessarily means that its all thanks to new contracts . 
  good luck, 
  why my taxes matter ? 
  what i pay in taxes is less than a drop in the ocean compared to the gdp of spain , still i pay taxes . 
  https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundaci\u00f3n_nacional_francisco_franco in there explains the multiple times the pp governments gave tax money to that foundation, 
  http://catalonia-history.blogspot.com.es/2009/12/corona-catalano-aragonesa_09.html?m=1 this link is full of historic documentation , with links to the originals , explainig why catalonia was a kingdom and therefore the crown was catalano-aragonesse . 
   i ca n't remember any time that it has `` honored '' franco , for instance . 
  they needed 3 years to publish the official numbers and when disputed montoro says `` we wont publish it anymore '' . 
  i wonder why ... 
  we can join efta . 
   also , fun fact : catalonia is one of the few autonomies in spain that never had real independence in the past . 
  other regions , like galicia , asturias , navarra , aragon , leon , etc. . . were at some point or another , constituent kingdoms of spain . 
  catalonia had some very short and very unofficial periods of self-government , and that 's it . 
  that 's a blatant lie spread by fearing spanish nationalists . 
  catalonia was known as the county of barcelona ruled by the berengers , it was a totally independent county , after a couple of centuries the berengers joined with the aragon 's crown creating a confederation , catalonia had his parliament and laws , and the kingdom of aragon their own . 
   does that mean that all catalans hate me ? 
  yes , we hate you . 
  as expected from the towel country . 
  do n't take it to seriously , remember we are the idiots who maintained a corrupt politic 20 years in office ( jordi pujol ) . 
  but what we want is to make our own idiotic decisions and be proud of it , just like everyone else . 
  that is one of the saddest things , i worked with a guy from ecuador who worked 2 shifts from monday to sunday to bring his family here , help his woman get a job and his son an education and a brighter future . 
  do you know what his highest fear was ? 
  that his son would join a gang , he told me about a friend of him who did the same and the son got involved in a gang and sent to prison . 
  those thousands of hours worked by the father , all the hopes and dreams for the future where shattered because no one wants to address the migrant crisis and the problems it comes with . 
  pretty much . 
  we can always pay libya a fixed amount for `` taking care '' of those people and play dumb when they start to throw the immigrants into the dessert randomly . 
  humanity have demonstrated several times that if something should be avoided it does n't matter and someone will do it . 
  for example : ai , lots of people with an informed opinion say `` it very well can mean the end of humanity ! '', 
  have this stopped research ? 
  why ? 
  because humans will do what they want not what they should . 
  so , if some russian leader decides to nuke the shit out of some country and start fallout 5 real life edition it will happen . 
  so please , take russia more seriously . 
  `` surely they wo n't attack poland , england and france protects poland so it will be foolish to attack them '' ahhh ... history or better call it the records of how we trip in the same fucking stone again and again and again ... 
  they do n't want to fix greece economy , they want to loot greece . 
  tsiripas offered them a plan that would really help greece : `` instead of crushing the already poor , lets make the rich and the big companies ( that does n't pay actually ) pay taxes according to their size '' but you know who owns a lot of those companies ? 
  german fortunes . 
  so ... instead of wanting a eu that tries to reduce the gap between the poor and the rich , you prefer to let others countries fall against the politicians of the fifth reicht and make them poorer ? 
  wow . 
  yeah , ones had a shitty government that killed millions and the others had a shitty government . 
  do n't expect much of someone from a country that lives off helping people suck the blood of countries with tax evasion . 
  spain 's government is pushing the required cuts to next year because this is a electoral year and that 's why it seems to be a little recovery . 
  just wait until next year and the shit will hit the fan so hard that i do n't know if the eu will we able to sustain it . 
  those payments where in order to rescue the german and french banks transferring the taxpayers money into the bank , changing private debt into public debt . 
  the idea is to make the greeks pay , and if they ca n't then the germans and french taxpayers will shoulder the weight of saving the banks instead of the greeks . 
  then we change the name from `` european union '' to `` european union while everything goes well '' . 
  no surprise that the states think that our union is a joke ... what surprises me most is that you , german guys , yelling about how the filthy greeks does n't deserve a debt cut but you guys had ravaged europe and killed millions of people and still got a pretty good deal after you lost the war . 
  illuminati, 
  with a salary of 12k per year it means 240 $ more a year , that is 20 $ less a month . 
  if you multiply it by the number of working europeans you get fifty-two billion three hundred twenty million to make greece pay it 's debts and make it grow in order to pay the new debts and even make them a net contributor . 
  but yeah , instead on doing this for only one year lets instead spend 5 trillion on rescuing the banking system . 
  if they ask me if i want my taxes raised for example a 2 % to help greece i would definitely say yes . 
  you know why ? 
  because they are people like me , people who wake up early in the morning to go to work and now they have a government that seems really concerned about creating a sustainable greece instead of getting bigger bank accounts . 
  https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/fin/ 9 % of finland 's exports are to russia so maybe you are wrong .
