so , the country is out of crisis but the people are just stupid and did n't realized it ? 
  well , maybe it 's because in a country like spain the ibex35 and related macroeconomic data means nothing to the country due to the fact that the companies on the ibex35 represents less than 5 % of the job positions creators and are the tiny familiar companies the ones that sustain the country . 
  the tiny little companies that are destroyed due to the lock down on loans from the banks due to the huge hole they have but hey !, 
  we are just idiots that did n't realized that we live in a country that is out of a crisis and is going well . 
  2013 ended with almost 150k more people unemployed than when it started . 
  2014 ended with some more than 250k more people unemployed that at the beginning of the year . 
  http://www.eleconomista.es/indicadores-espana/noticias/6443494/02/15/el-paro-subio-en-77980-en-el-mes-de-enero.html on 2015 january 80.000 people more to unemployment . 
  do you only read la razon or what ? 
  like the still growing unemployment and the destruction of companies ? 
  yeah , way to recover !, 
  it 's like saying `` we have to cut your arms and legs , but hey , your head is well '' . 
  the spain 's recovery is a marketing move to make sure that no other anti-austerity measures political parties get on power , imagine that podemos get to win the elections with an absolute majority , this country is not tiny greece it can be a fatal blow to the eu that merkel & co wants . 
  let me laugh to the `` economical turn around '' and surely , the dozens of my unemployed friends , some with phd and years of experience will found this funny too ,, 
  soooo doing a hate campaign does n't have anything to do ? 
  really ? 
  and i did n't post the dozens of politicians from different parties accusing the pp of being behind those boycott campaign . 
  el periodico had a letter wrote by the secretary of a pp minister giving directions to the friendly mass media on how to call for the boycott but it have been conveniently removed due to being `` old news '' . 
  it 's more the 43 % percent and going down . 
  it have been quite a long time that our companies started diversifying the exports destination , all thanks to the pp and their constants calls to boycott catalan products . 
  that 's pc for diplomatic attack . 
   i just followed logic though . 
  who would risk their relation with spain by recognizing catalonia ? 
  you are implying that spain will attack diplomatically whoever tries to do business with catalonia . 
  that line of logic , can be true of course , but with more than half of it 's exportations and importations going through catalonia i would n't dare to think that spain will shut off any diplomatic relation with catalonia . 
  the most logical movement would be to try to maintain the status quo for long as possible but if the situation changes spain will act accordingly or at least if the spain government wants to maintain their economy . 
  that 's why i said you way of thinking was childish : `` oh !, 
  they made me angry so i will bully whoever talks to them ! '', 
  we no longer live on the great empires era . 
  because you portrayed spain diplomatic as a 12 years old with an attitude and i think that the moment spain realize that catalonia is just as good as gone they will try to have friendly relation with us . 
  even following your rather childish logic you say that we will be like taiwan then ? 
  in fact , catalan independence is the best thing that can happen to spain , because right now the country works with 3 communities paying to the poor ones in order to make the powerful more rich sucking on the resources of the poor communities . 
  spain can be very rich and developed but not while the status quo is maintainable because the powerful oligarchs does n't have any reason to change it . 
  in one hand we have lots of experts on economics that say that catalonia can be a rich country if it were independent , in the other hand we have you , a guy on reddit , so i think i will stick to the professionals thanks . 
  there are lots of different kind of banks and for the sake of keeping tax revenue we do n't need a bank that can print money or lend it to the state . 
  basically what we need is the oldest form of banks : a safe place where to put the money . 
  i do n't like it either but we do n't have that much of an option . 
  no , most of the strategy is secret in order to make it more difficult for spain to create laws for those scenarios . 
  we can create our own bank and if you arrest our representatives you will create heroes and we will replace them . 
  remember that independence does n't come from mas , it comes from the will of the catalan people . 
  we can create our own bank and save it there . 
  you can apply for asylum on the catalan republic , we know how it is and we will not let you suffer needlessly . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/currency_substitution and then read again the stupidity you just wrote . 
  the problem that the spanish government faces is that catalonia have a long functioning political system and government . 
  that means is that even if spain says that catalonia is no longer an autonomy the catalan government can just ignore it and continue to function , then is when thins get complicated at that point spain is faced with two options : 1 - try diplomacy and reach and agreement with the catalan government . 
  2 - send the army . 
  the first one is the preferable one for both sides due but we are talking about the pp !, 
  if they start to talk with us his hardcore voters will never forgive them . 
  if they send the army it means that catalonia has won because it will became a game of endurance that spain can not win , if a country take the tanks to the street you can expect that every investor will flee faster than the speed of light and wait for the situation to calm and with spain economy already severely injured if the money runs it 's quite possible that in less than half a year they can not even pay the army . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/comunidad_aut%c3%b3noma check your facts . 
  we have the largest gdp followed closely by madrid . 
  will they come and take them ? 
  any country can use whatever currency he wants other thing is changing policies about that currency but if you are fine with it there is n't anything that can stop you . 
  they changed the constitution overnight just to make the troika happy . 
  or the best timing possible , because they already have their hands full we can do it with less pressure . 
  yes , lots of them . 
  scenario one : spain says the constitution applies to catalonia because you are part of spain and we do n't recognize you as an independent state . 
  in this scenario , without entering in if spain can enforce it or no , spain says that nothing changed so catalan people are spaniards to them and therefore catalans maintain the spanish citizenship . 
  scenario two : spain recognizes the catalan republic , without entering in the details of the process , and agree that the spanish constitution no longer apply to catalonia therefore catalan people can be stripped of their spanish citizenship . 
  i hope is more clear now . 
  we do n't want that constitution but if they argue that it applies to us and therefore catalonia would never be a state then it applies enterely . 
  if they want to take the spanish nationality from us they have it easy , just recognize the catalan republic and then the spanish constitution no longer apply to us and therefore can take the spanish nationality all for themselves . 
  that only applies to people between the ages of 16 and 18 . 
  those ages are the ones that the spanish civil code recognises for emancipation . 
  `` no spaniard of origin can be denied of his nationality '' source : spanish constitution , title 1 article 11 : http://www.congreso.es/consti/constitucion/indice/titulos/articulos.jsp?ini=11&amp;fin=13&amp;tipo=2, 
  so , you are a guy from barcelona that moved recently to cyprus ? 
  or are you just a little troll ? 
  no , that 's what your lying politicians told you . 
  we , catalans , know better from here . 
  see how idiotic it sounds to have that kind of opinions without knowing anything ? 
   because you 're breaking apart a country for no reason , disrupting all european order for no real reason . 
  you 're not oppressed , you live good lives in spain , but on top of that , you have thug catalonian politicians who spread this bullshit that catalonians will still be part of the eu , that they can move as they like , that catalonia 's economy will be fine , it 's all nonsense . 
  that is why catalonia is more rich we strive to be always better . 
   when we have other minorities in european countries who might want independence , do we give every single one of them their own country and carve up europe based on ` culture ' ? 
  this is nonsense . 
  to recognize catalonia would not only incite these groups to declare independence as well , but we would also piss off spain , a much more important ally than catalonia could ever be . 
  and that 's bad because ... ? 
   you have no reason to care about european minorities , but likewise we have no reason to recognize catalonia . 
  ok , do what you want but do n't come to us asking for money . 
   you 're just inciting ethnic tensions which may very well lead to violence . 
  if we use those arguments then the blacks would be still slaves . 
   if spain decides to take back its territory by force and send the army , do n't expect any help from the eu . 
  the eu have a clause for that kind of behaviour . 
  and even if there were n't those eu laws it will only lead to a war and probably throw the already weakened spanish economy straight to third world . 
  not sure if oktoberfest or salou a saturday night . 
  the day we become an independent state we should dedicate a statue to rajoy in pla\u00e7a catalunya, 
  the canary islands bans the `` toros '' 25 years ago and nothing happens , we do the same and pp makes a law that invalidates the catalan ( and sadly the canary ) too . 
  http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/reasons/ if you want more go find it i 'm tired of writing the same to every spaniard that does n't want to know whats happening . 
  that 's not the only reason and after all this years you should know it . 
  he probably read and article in la razon . 
  obviously my example was on barcelona . 
  when i was attacked on toledo i was talking to a friend who happens to be from barcelona too so it was natural to us to talk to each other in catalan . 
  no , and that guy was a jerk . 
  what happens in the rest of spain including catalonian is : me : bon dia ( good morning ) shop keeper : buenos dias ( good morning in spanish ) me : voldria un entrepa per emportar si us plau ( i would like a sandwich to go please ) shop keeper : aqui se habla espa\u00d1ol catalufo de mierda ( yelling : here we talk spanish and a couple of swearing words ) obviously i have n't returend to this particular store and i 'm not the only one with similar stories . 
  no one here believes that with independence everything will be solved that is what the mass media from spain say to you . 
  we want independence in order to have the chance to create a better country . 
  if you think that catalonia will have only two parties like spain you do n't know catalan people , just look at our parliament . 
  for us politics is an every day topic so we are well informed . 
  as for the control we have ... let me laugh at this . 
  yes , we have a cute sheet of paper that says so then comes the tribunal constitucional and fucks every law that the pp government does n't like . 
  in a classroom of 30 people only one wants to speak spanish only ?
