they were expected to lose seats and they did , to the tories . 
  which was a lot more to do with union backlash than their caring , sharing political platform . 
  where did i say that ? 
  ni is part of the uk and for most of its history has had not only a hard but militarised border with the republic , it 's not going to suddenly turn into the west bank after brexit . 
  as to this being britain 's fault ... a border has two sides , the eu could easily say that they will keep a soft border in the interests of peace . 
  the fact they have n't suggests they do n't care or , more likely , negotiations are at a very early stage and you and op are just looking to score some points off those silly , right wing idiot brexiteers . 
  because ireland believes it 's a special case . 
  there was freedom of movement between the uk and ireland before the ec/eec/eu but the border was still hard . 
  however the soft border has no doubt helped a lot with the peace process holding , so the argument is that peace politics should trump economic realities here . 
  true but every poll that has been done since suggests a majority of the country wants an end to freedom of movement , both major parties want that too and there is no possibility of a soft brexit that doesnt include freedom of movement . 
   a soft brexit would probably result into a switzerland/norway situation for great britain the main themes of brexit were stopping freedom of movement and removing the jurisdiction of the echr . 
  to get any of those deals would require both of those things to stay ( eu red lines ) . 
  it 's either hard brexit or no brexit , soft just isnt negotiable from the red lines of both major parties ( with 85 percent of the vote at the last election between them ), 
  the opinion polls would suggest otherwise , as would the last elections . 
  because it would effectively be cutting off part of the uk to appease a foreign country . 
  op is being applauded for ireland sticking up for itself ( and rightly so ) but the uk is not going to split up to make ireland happy . 
  there 's been wars over that ... 
  or the uk will continue to stand up for its interests and all of ireland will suffer as a result . 
  the uk as a whole voted for brexit and the one thing that every brexiteer actually agreed on was ending free movement . 
  thats an eu red line and although we might try to ` cherry pick ' the fundamental point is that we 're not going to go for freedom of movement , so any issue would have to be an eu exception . 
  bearing in mind that legislatio existed before the eu for freedom of movement between the two countries , it wouldnt be too hard to amend that but letting the uk have a special border with ireland would come under the cherry picking you yourself have been saying we cant have . 
   op seems to suggest that the uk actually wants the hard border ? 
  yes , slight agenda pushing here . 
  the uk would be more than happy to have a soft border with ireland ( theyre not muslim , eastern european or brown ) but there is no way that the eu will give it to us unless we accept freedom of movement , which really defeats the point of brexit . 
   soft brexit hard brexit is the current view of both the tory party and the labour leadership , soft brexit is a pipe dream as a majority of the country wants an end to freedom of movement , which is an eu red line . 
   until a new british government came into office who would give us what we want . 
  somehow i doubt that . 
  the irish border may not have been top of any leavers mind when the campaign was on but with a tory party and a labour leadership committed to brexit and the ending of freedom of movement , the only way that border wll remain open in the event of brexit is if the eu gives ireland a special status and that is pretty bloody unlikely . 
  i was once corrected on my english by a swiss girl ( she was wrong ) but sadly nothing tops a talk on culture shock where a girl replied to ` remember you are the foreigner 's with ... ` im not foreign , i 'm british ' . 
  so i 'm going to probably have to go for us . 
  not all of you , just the parisians !, 
  potions mate , not alchemy, 
  and played by an irishman, 
  we 're always the bad guys . 
  except when we 're the good guys but have to put on an american accent . 
  ah , tried for swedish , apparently hit old norse !, 
  47 , pretty evenly spread . 
  love canada , all the best bits of the us plus when they wish you a nice day , you honestly believe it . 
  worst ? 
  not a country but air canada , which is where i believe all angry canadians are forced by law to be cabin crew . 
  also kenya . 
  fuck you and your dodgy handout seeking immigration officials . 
  ah , my bad . 
  i dunno those ( excuse the awful spelling ) turkysk peber things are pretty ... powerful . 
  philistine , you know it 's curry ... 
  shell , rio tinto , bae systems , lloyds , hsbc , barclays , standard chartered , bt , iag , centrica , unilever , , rolls royce ( the engines group , not the car ) ... that 's just off the top of my head . 
  design , they 're made in china mainly, 
  parliamentary system , education system , queen on everything !, 
  whats really similar to the us is the shops , food and tv . 
  canada is a perfect halfway house . 
  had some really good ones in virginia , was quite surprised at the range . 
  i expected ipa 's and stouts but decent ale , served at a proper temperature , was the icing on the cake . 
  it 's as good as any i 've had in canada and as good as a lot of draught ales here . 
  as a scot , thank you !, 
   i picture t.v. 
  from the uk is very similar to that in the u.s. 
  the bbc does n't have adverts , this has the knock on effect that the adverts on all other channels are n't as frequent as they could be and means that us television absolutely does my head in . 
   it 's pretty self evident what the op means anyway nice try op, 
  pretty much the same way as i view any other independent country . 
  slightly worried about one of their choices of president recently but hey , it takes the focus off brexit !, 
  no mate , i was making another point , which you replied to twice before forgetting who you were talking to and accusing me of something i did n't say . 
  ok , you 're a lost cause . 
  a bit of friendly advice , unless you want all of reddit to tag you as a pillock but when someone says something to you , that is starting a new conversation . 
  you can not continue a conversation you were having with someone else , especially if you decide to switch halfway through your new conversation . 
  for instance , if you 're having a new conversation about why the us entered ww2 , suddenly accusing the person you 're talking to of saying that it did n't just makes you look like a plonker . 
  no the thinking that led to brexit was ` there are fucking foreigners everywhere , get them out , get them out !!!! ', 
  have you actually lost track of who you 're talking to ? 
  for a final time , the phrase you keep repeating has nothing to do with me . 
  they were asked their opinion , they gave their opinion . 
  you do n't like their opinion , i find that ironic . 
  you start justifying why they are in the wrong but i see absolutely nothing wrong with anything other than your continued insistence that their negative views of the us are unhelpful to discourse ( not true , simple answer to a simple question ) and wrong ca n't be wrong , they 're opinions ) . 
  you can disagree with them , but in a thread asking peoples opinions on the usa , getting annoyed at them is rather counter productive , no ? 
  trying to win an argument you 've lost by creating a whole new argument and responding to that one instead ? 
  mum , i did n't know you were on reddit, 
   foreign interventions and death     seems like a straight forward statement . 
  yup , one i did n't make . 
  i rather think i 'm surplus to requirements in this little delusion of yours . 
  not our fault you ca n't make a decent cuppa . 
  whatever floats your boat, 
  you 're welcome to keep him mate, 
   yep , the us joined ww2  u/mein _ bergkamp desperately tries to pretend the us did n't intervene in wwii this is the point where i have to ask whether you can read ? 
  remind me who japan was allied to again ? 
  more importantly , what year did ww2 actually start ? 
  he really did n't , all those are legitimate issues you have , the only narky thing was starting it with ` muh ' . 
  also , this is n't a discussion , it was a question on opinions and he gave his . 
  yep , the us joined ww2 to help out europe and nothing to do with japan attacking them first ... 
  american asks people what they think of america americans get upset when it 's not all praise ... 
   europeans just have to accept that they 're poorer well 5 percent do n't at least ... but hey , once again europe is n't one country and thanks for proving ( as if that 's necessary ) that unfounded arrogance is one of the major things europeans think of americans . 
   america is certainly richer than 95 % of europe well done , i 'm sure you played your part but what has this got to do with european views on america ? 
  oh mate , were you looking for a murica number 1 argument ? 
  because europe is n't a single country and the only thing we think off when anyone tries usa  europe is that it 's really very true what they say about us geographical knowledge . 
  especially if you think liechtenstein and san marino are n't in europe ... 
  sigh and luxembourg , switzerland , norway , san marino and ireland . 
  if you go by the cia you can add liechtenstein , the isle of man ( british ) and san marino , with jersey ( also british ) just below . 
  the point you 're utterly missing is that gdp per capita really means sod all otherwise there would n't be more irish coming to the uk than brits going the other way . 
  the us is 11th on gdp per capita according to the imf , with such wonderful countries as qatar , brunei , kuwait and the uae ahead of it and saudi arabia just below , none of which i would want to bring up a family in , although i would probbly not mind being an expat for a while . 
  i personally would n't live in the us because of the health care , which would cost me a lot of those higher wages to have the same standard that i get for practically nothing in london . 
  nice place to visit , would n't want to live there . 
  also , thanks for my wife !, 
  i really did n't think i needed to put / s there .
