take a tour to this side of the baltic sea . 
  you will wait to get back to stockholm . 
  / joke - once visited in haparanda exp . 
  you almost killed me with that link . 
  now you hit under the belt ... 
  and if you did n't get joke about ice hockey - it 's because world championship of ice hockey finals are kept on same weekend . 
  sweden is usually on top 4 on hockey and their magazines are writing about : `` super veckonslutet '' - weekend when they win hockey wc gold and eurovision . 
  in the other hand on other side of gulf of bothnia in finland our magazines anti-jinxes our ice hockey team jinxing it as worst team in years without a chance to proceed from group stages - but as every year we magically get to that top 4 and magazines are writing with cat sized letters on front page about the carnival in helsinki where ice hockey team shows up with medals and our eurovision canditate sings a couple songs to them . 
  last time when finland won in hockey world championship at 2011 they did n't let eurovision canditate paradise oscar to sing `` da da dam '' at all . 
  our magazines wrote that there were a promise for him that he can play there . 
  edit : swedish sportbladed [ before and after ] ( https://cdn2.cdnme.se/cdn/8-2/150050/images/2011/skarmavbild-2011-05-18-kl-08-38-44_148434959.png ) gold medal game . 
  * cough cough * hockey and floorball . 
  unfornately skiing used to bit disaster after 2001 but only because norwegians have better drugs . 
  i am huge don rosa fan but i do n't get why / r/donrosa is private . 
  you can always send your passport away ( or just hide it if you wish to have old life back ) and claim to be syrian and ask asylum . 
  yeh , bothnia is different . 
  only 90 % of roadside is covered by the forest compared to rest of finland with 95 % . 
  oh , then you should travel to really beautiful cities like aleppo , damascus , kirkuk , mosul or baghdad . 
  helsinki is nothing compared to those cities what are like the finest pearls . 
  i also remember how sweden refused to let uk and france send help for us trough sweden . 
  thanks . 
  you really should be president of europe if you really think that dublin regulation is against un treaties . 
  everyone , who manages to get to the gates of any country have a right to apply for asylum but they do not have a right to say for hungarian border guard : `` excuse me but would you mind to step away so i can enter and continue my way to the norway please '' . 
  you can insert countries with any you wish - if they wish go to the norway they have to hit norway first . 
  that is way to apply the asylum for norway . 
  if they do not wish to use their right they enter to the country illegally and according to the law they should be arrested . 
  if one law is not saint why should i follow any other laws ? 
  i tried to look un regulations from '51 and '67 also from wikipedia but i could n't find anything what would say that asylum seekers have free passage trough countries and they does n't have to follow national agreements - would you mind to link something official please ? 
  something what clearly says dublin regulation is illegal or something . 
  also one big things is that none who does n't register is not a refugee - they are asylum seekers till the point their case is handled and they got agreement for refugee status . 
  none of those who walk trough europe is refugee - they are asulym seekers and even if they would be i do n't really see what kind of threats they are escaping from countries like turkey/greece/machedonia / serbia/croatia/slovenia / austria / germany/denmark or sweden ? 
  before finland there were 10 countries where they could register and apply for asylum . 
  if you do n't register yourself when entering to schengen you are entering illegally - at least finnish border guards will arrest people who cross border trough the woods from russia . 
  they have right to ask asylum but if they are not doing that they wo n't be escorted to closest bus station to continue their way to the sweden but they are arrested and charged for illegal border crossing which leads to deport . 
  if 100 000 russians civilian would cross the border to finland without asking asylum we could not let them cross our country because law is same for everyone - also for those who come from countries with a lot of sand . 
  according to my knowledge there is no limits in dublin regulations . 
  un resolutions are fine but dublin regulation says how european union will handle the refugees . 
  i did n't know that countries can cherrypick the agreements what are fun but dodge the agreements what are not fun even they are signed them . 
  a shit thing with eu is that there are lot of agreements what everyone are obeyed to follow but on the moment someone is not following agreements there is n't any sanctions . 
  finland should fine other countries ( exept hungary ) for not following dublin regulation - at least our economic problem would be solved with it . 
  hungary is not the better korea trying to keep people inside - they are trying to limit illegal entries to the country . 
  you can get in if you have right or you ask asylum . 
  for some strange reason refugees does n't wish to ask asylum from hungarian authorities . 
  what happened to the european agreements like dublin regulation ? 
  actually i remember only one nightmare from my childhoold and m\u00f6rk\u00f6 was part of it . 
  my empirical research says that none will use finland to get to russia . 
  norway - but the problem was that they would had to turn left on junction instead of turning right . 
  there is literally nothing after finland except going back to iraq . 
  actually years ago i read a book - which name i do n't remember anymore - and there russian politruks scared people that finns will torture and then kill all who surrender to them . 
  our blades are sharp - that is reason why vikings did n't occupy finland . 
  if vikings get caught they were flayed . 
  if i 'll get stranded to the inhabitant tropical with a estonian woman i believe i could survive with her . 
  atleast we could keep us warm . 
  if there would be swede i could greet her because i were forced to learn swedish in the school . 
  in case there would be a russians i could barely say anything to them except what i were taught in the army : `` hand 's up comrade '' . 
  you mean pakkoruotsi ? 
  there were some higher purpose on that last phrase than just practicing finnish language ? 
  and a site note that when you say something singular , you do n't have to say `` yksi '' before it because it can be tied to the noun . 
  - olen ollut yksi kuukautta suomessa -  olen ollut yhden kuukauden suomessa -  olen ollut kuukauden suomessa for non-finns : [ the word-forms of the finnish noun kauppa ` shop ' ( n = 2,253 ) ] ( http://www.ling.helsinki.fi/~fkarlsso/genkau2.html ) . 
  i literally spent 30s in google to find the photo and it yes , it came up from rtv slo website . 
  i did n't have clue about the what the rtv slo so i spend another 20s in wikipedia and found it there . 
  wikipedia says '' ... is slovenia 's national public broadcasting organization '' and it is member of the european broadcasting union . 
  article says that the smugglers have been telling them bit too much how golden finland really is . 
  is this thread censored from / r/europe first page ? 
  found this on the first page of this subreddit earlier but now i ca n't even see it in top 10 pages . 
  anyone else have this same problem ? 
  there are already people who use russia to enter shengen area . 
  [ they use bike ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/03/us-europe-migrants-arctic-iduskcn0r325n20150903 ) at the norwegian border . 
  and finland is literally end of everything . 
  if you get here - you ca n't continue the adventure . 
  same here but i assume both of us are not speaking indo-european languages . 
  except if you are not a basque you must come from fin-est-hun , right ? 
  finnish media ( [ iltalehti ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/ulkomaat/2015091720367408_ul.shtml ) ) wrote article about the hungarian police who separated children from their parents and now parents wishes to get their children back . 
   - my child was taken away from me . 
  i took his hand and suddenly we were separated each other with force , told by the father of eight year old boy refugee anyway , it could be another case but i doubt so . 
   and since the major news sources ( dn , svd ) all have paywalls right click the link -  open in incognito window if you are using chrome/firefox . 
  your ice hockey commentator linda `` linda brava '' lampenius . 
  she is a finn . 
   third , fucking aurora borealis btw just [ yesterday evening ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/5ytll4w3qlgpcdm/img-20150909-wa0009.jpg?dl=0 ) . 
  i remember that , you are speaking about the budget , right ? 
  it was not long after elections but as i am not a swede i am not 100 % certain what happened . 
  as long i know swedish parties are literally in 2 different blocks . 
  neither of blocks did n't have enough support to have 51 % votes and that did n't let neither of block could form majority coalition to rigsdag . 
  if block a ( coalition with 43 % support , example numbers since i do n't know real ones ) does proposition and block b ( opposition with 44 % support ) declines and party c ( opposition 13 % ) declines i would n't blame c for not passed budget proposition . 
  in that case a should change their budget proposition that it would be okay for b or c that they can have 51 % of votes behind it . 
  c neither b had to back a 's proposition since they both had their own budget propositions . 
  discussing is critical part of democracy and did you just noticed that you are demanding c to follow a 's budget proposition ? 
  if a 's , b 's or c 's budget proposition would n't pass they would have to fix them enough that some party would do a jump from one block to another . 
  even if that would n't be enough it would only lead to new elections - maybe some other party than stefan l\u00f6hfver 's would have more votes to form coalition with 51 % of votes . 
  what leads to the old wisdom : `` if you wish to avoid problems - get majority behind you '' . 
  budged crisis was l\u00f6hfver 's fault - not \u00c5kersson 's fault but since i am not swede and i do n't follow swedish politics that much you can correct me with facts . 
  edit : heh , you said budget there but i managed to not see that . 
  democracy works as you define that 51 % is enough to make decisions - it is clearly against democracy if someone says that they do n't play with others because they think x. stefan l\u00f6fven had to remember that sd representative 13 % of swedes people and it would be same that he would say to 1.27 million swedes : `` fuck off '' . 
  that was most bullshit i ever heard . 
  because of eurovision song contest . 
  eurovision song contest ca n't be wrong about the countries what are part of europe . 
  are n't we already hypocrites ? 
  as european i am thinking that i am obeyed to the the law and international treaties what my country have signed - like [ dublin regulation ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en-fr-de/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33153&amp;from=fi ) what says migrants who ask refugee status had to ask asylum in the first country they appear and that process will be handled in that country . 
  okay , there is kinda lot of them in italy/greece but is it right that officials just send them to north without registration ? 
  there are also lot of those who skip every official till they get caught in belgium where they even do n't ask asylum since they wish to go uk and police says `` leave the territory '' .
