russians suffered too , dying in foreign lands for the pleasure of some idiot siting in the kremlin . 
  congrats , you just like all the other former soviet republics deserve it . 
   in the area that my grandparents used to live during that war my grandparents used to live in an area that was the scene of a massacre that took place in 1610 . 
  am i clear enough now ? 
   you went full retard , man . 
  never go full retard . 
  great minds think alike . 
  i did . 
  i hold no grudge against the poles . 
  however you and people like you are a disgrace to the russian and polish nations . 
  the poles burned a church full of children and women in the area that my grandparents used to live during that war . 
  i would say that the polish yoke during 1610 is comparable to the partition of poland in its cruelty . 
  do you honestly believe that ukraine has never used propaganda or spread false information ? 
  when two states are at war they use propaganda through official and unofficial channels . 
  is it so hard to understand ? 
  i have read articles from ukrainian news websites claiming that russian tanks are already in kharkiv . 
  it is the bold actions of a few individuals that have changed the world , the rest have merely followed them or resisted that change . 
  this is truly a great year for information leaks and investigative journalism . 
  that is good to know . 
  i do not trust neither the russian intelligence directorate nor the ukrainian one . 
  as their goal is to spread disinformation to the public to achieve their own goals . 
  reliable sources are really hard to find but some sources are much worse than others . 
  sputnik for example is purely a propaganda mouthpiece . 
  this is by all means an important issue but it should be covered in a neutral manner . 
  euronews , vice and bbc are a bit more reliable , they still have an agenda and you should take everything they say with a grain of salt but they are much better than uatoday . 
  can we stop using unreliable sources such as sputnik news , uatoday and daily mail for once ? 
  i found death reports here , not from chios though : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/04/10/a-dangerous-greek-easter-custom-that-causes-serious-accidents/, 
  social democracy originated as a political ideology that advocated an evolutionary and peaceful transition from capitalism to socialism using established political processes in contrast to the revolutionary approach to transition associated with orthodox marxism . 
  it is an unorthodox variation of socialism . 
  damn commies demanding a higher wages . 
  did i give you the impression that i support any of those disgusting ideologies ? 
  what i am saying is that there is a huge gap between being a juche supporter and for example a social democrat . 
  thanks for the ad hominem , you just proved my point . 
  yeah because you are an all knowing celestial being and every single thing of which you are ignorant of is unimportant . 
  back to the point : who did the situationists prosecute ? 
  because we are talking about an innocent child that fell victim to the actions of some morons . 
  following your logic every german should have been slaughtered during wwii , because they live in the same country as himmler . 
  is the situationist internationale a big enough group for you ? 
  so you claim that killing a 5 year old with a rocket just because he lives in the wider area between the two churches is natural selection ? 
  this day is about labour rights not communism or any other ideology . 
  if you support the idea that people should have the right to work less than 12 hours a day , then perhaps you should celebrate it too . 
  please provide some examples of the use of violence against dissenters in case of all subgroups of council communism . 
  i will tell you right away that many of those groups only used peaceful forms of protest . 
  thus proving the point that you use hasty generalization about ideologies you know nothing about . 
  how is marxism leninism similar to council communism for example ? 
  the followers of those two currents have fought countless wars between each other . 
  portraying marxism leninism as the only variety of socialism is quite absurd . 
  they have killed several people with their precious little tradition . 
  happy may day !, 
  ukraine has a population of 50 million , vast amounts of coal , arable land and a heavy industry which is currently in decline . 
  they will surely find something to milk . 
  i was wrong in my initial statement , to be more precise the people who are going to profit from the conflict are the russian and western oligarchs who are trying to divide the ukrainian market , while hiding behind putin and poroshenko . 
  this war is beyond pointless . 
  the only countries that have gained anything from it are those who sold weapons to either side . 
  both russia and ukraine are in miserable economic conditions , with corrupt politicians ruling over them . 
  i have relatives who live in the war zone and they are getting shelled 24/7 by both sides even though they live in residential areas with no military importance . 
  the finns had every right to protect themselves against the soviet union . 
  it is shame that brotherly nations had to fight each other over stalin 's ambitions . 
  erdogan 's behavior is actively feeding anti-turkish sentiment in countries that have had military conflicts with turkey in the past : e.g. 
  russia , greece , bulgaria and so on . 
  lets not forget the parallel greek and assyrian genocides conducted by turkey . 
  wow , captain obvious is on the loose . 
  1984 was a manual after all . 
  i believe that we should boycott them until they apologize and change their behavior , which is clearly not the case of bp . 
  boycott bp , they have contributed to the west papua genocide and now they are trying avoid regulation at all cost . 
  a large portion of the photos are wrong , as in simply representing a regional variety or being purely fictional . 
  if vikings and pirates can be culturally appropriated , then jihadis are the next logical step . 
  fun fact : legend has it that the engineer who designed the bridge in arta had to sacrifice his daughter for it to be complete . 
  islamists are only going to be defeated when the west isolates countries that are currently sponsoring terrorism namely saudi arabia , pakistan , qatar , turkey and iran among others . 
  most probably the work of anrcho-communist/nihilist terrorist groups trying to imitate the revolutionary organization 17 november . 
  the difference is that the aforementioned were not involved in the genocide of polish and jewish people . 
  tell that to the people who get 10000 rubles per month , while putin 's puppets are stealing the last resources we 've got . 
  the words on the bear 's t shirt are as follows : heroes , faith , family , tradition , `` the people '' , `` vastness '' . 
  just nationalist dribble . 
  every time russia is mentioned or you see a russian flair you are into it like a moth to the flame . 
  trying to `` trigger '' people . 
  what a sad , little , excuse of a human being you are . 
  i am coming for that ass . 
  how many communists should i kill to be allowed to rape you ? 
  tell this to the relatives of our fallen countrymen who fought against him . 
  there are numerous memorial plaques in finland honoring lenin , despite the fact that he wanted to annex finland . 
  mannerheim fought russia during wwii but he showed restraint instead of fully supporting the germans . 
  there is no comparison between ataturk and mannerheim . 
  should we also honor fallen ss volunteers ? 
  just to solemnly remind us that dying is the same for everyone , nothing special . 
  yeah , but your hasty generalization wo n't work this time . 
  if you believe that western propaganda and i want to stress the word propaganda , has ever criticized the vietnam and iraq wars , you are probably completely delusional and brainwashed . 
  every single country whitewashes their history to an extent . 
  the question is whether individuals are smart enough to read a bit on their own , a thing that russian schools/media do not really promote . 
  russia will not back off until aleppo falls . 
  which will demoralize the rebels . 
  spain was facing simultaneous revolts in catalonia , portugal and naples . 
  all while supporting the austrian habsburgs in germany against france/sweden/german protestants . 
  they got raided by arab pirates in the mediterranean and their vassals in italy got them into pointless regional conflicts , making the spanish road unavailable . 
  ultimately their economy almost collapsed due to economic mismanagement . 
  the netherlands were involved in a single conflict while spain fought on multiple fronts . 
  you know why you survived the spanish onslaught ? 
  the damn french and swedes saved you . 
  said the guy from a former spanish colony . 
  first they came for the russians and you did nothing because you were not a russian .
