  the eu is `` the actual form of the union '' , maybe he dreams of another completely different alliance between european countries , but this ca n't be called the eu . 
  he does not want to work with other countries to reform the eu , he wants to send an ultimatum to change it to conform to his wishes and try to strongarm other countries into accepting it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i never heard about such a law . 
  there is such a comparison in op 's imgur album . 
  he knows that , but the simple fact of having a choice is a difficulty for a user with limited knowledge , even if for basic usage all the choices are valid . 
  why would you need english to do that ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  you were going for `` white population '' , right ? 
  why do n't you just give them to someone in need ? 
  or sell them for some quick cash ? 
  no , even the military , do n't forget the second amendment was about helping the normal citizen keep his government in check , which would have avoided nazi germany for example ... as if a few rednecks with a rifle could defeat the us military ... 
  yes , this world . 
  which language do you think people speak when they go do business in these countries ? 
  so you agree that the main point is to have a lingua franca . 
  then it does not really matter which language it is . 
  if a greek and swedish person talk to each other in spanish , french or german , it has no more cultural relevance than in english . 
  this does not mean anything , they could ask that of anyone . 
  ` trahison ' in french has a wider meaning than treason in english , and can mean betrayal as well . 
  yes , that is a rather surprising result that needs to be confirmed by other polls . 
  certainly ? 
  how would you know that ? 
  while not impossible , that would be quite a surprise . 
  fn right now under mlp is much more tame than under her father , at least at first glance . 
  it is the same for other countries : * france : faguo \u6cd5\u56fd is `` law + country '' , but it is short for \u6cd5\u5170\u897f falanxi , it does not really have any meaning * england : yingguo \u82f1\u56fd is `` hero + country '' , but it short for \u82f1\u683c\u5170 yinggelan, 
  wikipedia says 18yo since 2011 , it was 23 before that : https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89ligibilit%c3%a9_en_france i tried to find the original source on legifrance , but it was too painful to browse on mobile . 
  glad you are not voting . 
  so why do you care about what another nation is doing ? 
  do you think a le pen election will benefit belgium ( and/or south africa ) ? 
  why would you expect it to be proportional ? 
  the young , educated , english-speaking users of reddit are not at all representative of the french population . 
  actually , you can run for president as a 18 years old . 
  35 yo is in the us . 
  where does your chart come from ? 
  there is no way twitter has 84 millions users in china , it is blocked by the great firewall , people have to use a vpn to access it . 
  a source from twitter said [ 10 million users ] ( https://techcrunch.com/2016/07/05/twitter-estimates-that-it-has-10-million-users-in-china/ ) come from china , i already find this estimate very high . 
  that 's why we waited until after brexit to set it up !, 
  i understand that many people think that , but i think it is sad to miss the best childbearing years because of unrealistic financial requirements . 
  having a child while renting does not cause any specific problem , so do n't let that hinder you . 
  why do you need to buy a house to have a kid ? 
  it is possible to do it while renting ... 
  yeah , right , let 's deport citizens based on their belief . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  well , for a national poll of opinion , of course it matters more than your personal opinion . 
  if there are many muslims where you live , it means there are even less for the rest of the population . 
  tactical voting only applies when there is a candidate more closely aligned with your opinion but you decide not to vote for him because you believe he has no chance to win and want to settle for a realistic possibility , or because you believe he will win anyway and want to send a message : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tactical_voting, 
  this is not tactical voting , this is choosing the less of two evils . 
  tactical voting is what you see in the first round , for example some left wing voters will vote for macron in order to avoid a second round fillon-le pen . 
  why disappointing ? 
  the idea is to discuss the articles , if most of the commenters can not read it , what is the point ? 
  how does his message say that ? 
  now the absence of scandal is only a proof that the media protect him and he is somehow still worse than the others ? 
  are you sure you are rational on this ? 
  the legality of his actions is not actually the root of the problem , the morality is . 
  when you ask efforts and sacrifice from your potential voters , it does not look good to pay your wife and children from public funds , to basically do nothing . 
  even if it was legal , it is a valid argument against him . 
  mistakes made by illiterate native speakers and foreign bots or shills look very different . 
  he is probably the least populist candidate available . 
  his past as an banker closing m & a deals is common knowledge and indeed does not please left wing voters , but is nothing he can be attacked on directly . 
  still , our right wing takes the cake , they are far above the others ... 
  as if it would mean anything to potential le pen voters in france . 
  they do n't even really care about french politics , do n't expect them to follow foreign ones . 
  you oversimplify the situation in the us , if it was as simple , all states would have a similar level . 
  no , people do n't move from alabama or mississippi on a whim , even if they speak the same language . 
  there is direct monetary transfer from the rich states to the others , and even that is not enough . 
  what is lacking in the ue is a common mentality , the idea that we are european citizens before being national citizens . 
  it can be done even with a language barrier , see for example india . 
  however , it will take a long time . 
  why include cheminade and not the other small candidates ? 
  he is pro eu as long as the eu follows his wishes , which means not very pro eu at all ... 
  i did n't because that seems the easiest part of this program , so i can give him the benefits of the doubt , he may be able to do something about it in the five years of a presidency . 
  but then what ? 
  the two other causes remain , so the results will not be there . 
  so he wants to end war and climate change to indirectly solve the migrants issue . 
  that sounds like a lofty goal and probably the best long term solution , but how do we manage in the fifty years in between ? 
  but macron is not centrist , he is socially left wing and economically right wing . 
  yeah , but this book is quite fun to read . 
  ah , now being left wing is called `` understand politics '' ? 
  no i do n't think it would be legal . 
  anyway , the legality is not the most important , it gives a terrible impression to talk about austerity and give free money to his wife ... 
  no i do n't think it would be legal . 
  anyway , the legality is not the most important , it gives a terrible impression to talk about austerity and give free money to his wife ... 
  what is the problem in france ? 
  they do not deny the killings , they deny it constitutes a genocide . 
  actually , he speaks quite a good english : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlhfnizf-9o, 
  then why did they ever join ? 
  we are not talking about world war 3 here , just trade agreements . 
  willingness to abandon their ability to negotiate other free trade agreements on their own . 
  turkey ca n't do that , and it seems quite important to the uk . 
  yes , but many wealthy chinese go to hong kong only for shopping , or buy a lot of luxury stuff when they are in europe , as it is so much cheaper than in china mainland . 
  they still buy a lot domestically , but it is despite tariffs . 
  let 's say the eu gives the uk a free trade agreement . 
  how do they know the uk will not become a tax haven later on ? 
  are they supposed to simply believe may ? 
  you ca n't be in a customs union and develop your own deals independently , so i do n't think this is what you are aiming for : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/06/turkey-is-no-model-for-britains-post-brexit-trade-policy/, 
  no , you want tarrifs , and you voted for them . 
  the eu has n't done anything to change the tarrif-free current situation . 
  macron wants to remove 500 000 civil servants ? 
  if hamon wins the primary , this will help macron as he is more left than the other candidates . 
  it is only if he gets higher in the polls for the general elections that it will affect macron .
