it is possible , i already got short messages from russia when flying china -  france ( you know , the automatic messages you receive when you enter a new country ) . 
  this is not the academy , which had no power over such things ( actually , no power at all ... ) . 
  it is more stupid rules such as the toubon law : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toubon_law, 
  how do you define hometown ? 
  i moved from my place of birth at 2 , then lived my whole childhood in another place , but have n't lived there for ten years now . 
  when i go back now , i do n't feel like i come back to my hometown , i just go visit my parents . 
  this is not an empty claim . 
  fast reactors produce much less radioactive waste , and are able to use the current radioactive wastes as fuel . 
  their design is nothing mysterious and there are fast reactors existing . 
  however , the current design are not economic compared to thermal reactors , so there is n't much of an incentive to do very expensive r&d . still , this is why the claims that uranium can only last 100 year are bullshit , we are currently throwing out like 98 % of the fuel , so as soon as the resources become rarer and price higher , fast breeder reactors will make a come back . 
  linus torvalds is a famous one . 
  he is the creator of linux . 
  and it is such a mess to cross the street . 
  the champs elys\u00e9es got their reputation before cars were so common , must have been a nice walk back then , but now it only keeps it because people do not want to admit they are disappointed . 
  you gloss over the fact that the le pen who would be running in 2014 is not the same than in 2002 . 
  now , jean-marie le pen is `` retired '' and it is his daughter , marine le pen , who runs the party . 
  she tried very hard to give it a more respectable and `` mainstream '' vibe , and it seems to be working ... 
  so the switch is due to both some far right ideologies growing in france , but also the front national trying to contain or hide some of their more extremist ideas and militants . 
  get in line , france is already waiting . 
  this is sarcasm , right ? 
  there is a war happening in the world , so we can not care about anything else ? 
  well , hollande is very unpopular now , but it is also because newspaper only report degradation of the popularity , not when he climbs back one or two percent . 
  if you added all the headlines together , he would be well in the negative , while he has been hovering around 20 % for quite some time now . 
  no one is taxed at 75 % . 
  75 % is the marginal rate above 1 million income . 
  i would say tennis is above handball . 
  roland garros is a very important event every year . 
  if we are discussing actual practice , basketball is also quite high . 
  however , not that many people watch it . 
  same for me , for the mountains , not the weed !, 
  this is very bad news for the french economy . 
   i 'd say after a century or two here , you 're a real european . 
  what about mixed families ? 
  do all your great-grandparents have to have seem the empire ? 
  france : * pessimism of the population . 
  come on , this is a beautiful country , with awesome food , culture , landscape , and a lot to offer , why are you complaining all the time ? 
  * well , politics , like everywhere i guess . 
  find people who will not abuse their privilege , willing to work with their opponents and stop promising anything to get elected ( or , if it easier , change the people so that they stop believing the false promises ), 
  where is all this free land that we can give to the poor immigrants ? 
  cohabitation is always much easier when you have room . 
  and your ancestors did kill the locals , execute witches , and tried to exterminate mormons . 
  to be honest , lonely old people going to the doctor just to have someone to talk to is not unheard of . 
  new york is , but i found san francisco to be nothing special . 
  who said anything about being white or not ? 
  we are talking about religion here ... 
  yeah , same for me , the french accent is so awful !, 
  most flights from europe to east asia are going through russian airspace . 
  i am mostly familiar with france-china , they go each time through russia , and i guess a lot of others must use similar routes . 
  patxaran would be my first choice , a basque specialty . 
  most often , they do n't actually rob you , but try to pressure you to pay something once you put your name on the petition . 
  there is actually a lot to improve on water supply distribution system ( leakage rate , asset life expectancy , metering accuracy , etc. ), 
  and on water treatment ( taste , new pollutants , more efficient treatment process to save energy and chemicals , etc. ) . 
  this is not a defense of privatization , but saying that we have water distribution figured out is completely wrong . 
  ( i come from france where veolia and suez manage a large part of the water supply , and i work for a water supply company ) you should first define what you mean by privatising water supply , there is a lot of misunderstanding on the topic . 
  it is never fully privatised on developed countries , most often the asset remain the property of the local goverment and the companies only manage them for a limited duration . 
  this is of course heavily regulated , with objectives to reach , indicators to respect , a fixed price , etc. 
  i think this business model can works better in some case , especially for smaller places where they can not have experienced technicians and engineers in every domain , nor the latest equipment and technology . 
  also bringing a private company is often a way to bring cash needed for investment . 
  private companies are not the only one prioritizing short term profit , a mayor willing to have a nicer budget can also defer needed investments until the situation worsens , then one day a lot of things need to be done at once . 
  of course this does not apply to used books , only new ones . 
  it should not be , the eu could set one now . 
  of course , it would only be of interest to the poorer countries , as the others would have their own higher minimum wage , but it would send a strong signal and could be increased gradually until it becomes relevant to more and more countries . 
  well , that was true before the euro as well , you just add to convert between currencies before making the comparison . 
  u-235 maybe , which represent 0.7 % of available resources according to wikipedia . 
  [ breeder reactors ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breeder_reactor ) can work on u238 , of which we have plenty . 
  if by `` cater '' you mean `` consider that every human has rights '' , then yes . 
   economically impossible to make the world equal . 
  for every million people removed from poverty a year a further five million is born into poverty a year . 
  of course it is economically possible to make everyone equal . 
  however , it will not be possible without the citizens of the developed countries losing some privileges . 
  so , you base that on amount of votes ? 
  on the last municipales , the ps had much more votes than the fn . 
  and that 's without counting all the unaffiliated left-wing candidates . 
  if you count in cities actually won , even the front de gauche has more than the fn !, 
  i do not deny that the fn is often mentioned in political discussions , but their media presence is quite unrelated to their actual size and influence , just like melenchon . 
  it is easy to promise anything when you are not in power !, 
  to place them at the same level as the ps or ump is frankly quite ridiculous . 
   in france the most extreme political party is probably the front national , which is at the moment likely the 2nd largest party in france using which metrics do you place them before ps or ump ? 
  and how exactly would you keep those filthy americans out ? 
  and the weather you get for this price , not worth it !, 
  to be fair , the support of csv by excel is abysmal as well . 
  i do n't know about the parent poster , but i do n't want to live in a society where a religion makes the rules , be it islam or another one . 
  i thought this particular debate was settled in western europe a long time ago . 
  wait , why did you take it then ? 
  what is the difference if you buy this `` needless envionmentally unfriendly crap '' on another day ? 
  i am from france where it is quite a hot topic as well . 
  i understand the arguments about the employees wanting to have their sundays free , but the benefits of sunday shopping for the customers seem evident . 
  i know how to spend a day relaxing , i simply happen to prefer to relax on saturday and shop of sunday . 
  what is the harm ? 
  they also use mostly cash , either to avoid taxes or for cultural reasons . 
  for example , in a chinese wedding , each guest will give directly cash in a red envelope to the newlywed , so there is going to be a lot of cash at the end of the day . 
  well , you get the same stuff in french , even if it may be less common ( fils ? 
  there are also a lot of words that native speakers would not know how to pronounce if they have n't heard them before . 
  however , pronunciation is only a small part of the difficulty . 
  the gender thing by itself makes english so much simpler than french ( by discussing with lots of people who learned both ) . 
  and i agree with vivacious_jon , it is pretty useless , 
  this has no relationship whatsoever to the discussion , we are not talking about extramarital relations , but children between unmarried partners . 
  same as in china , both for names and addresses . 
  tourist visa and work visa are completely different things . 
  i do agree that short term stay will most probably stay possible and visa-free , but there is no guarantee that work visas would be automatically available , which was the point of / u/iinavpov .
