  but he also has melenchon on the other side , so it seems hard for him . 
  no , but of germans are not held accountable for their past , the british ca n't use theirs to get privileges . 
  their role in world war ii is completely irrelevant to the present negotiation . 
  against which candidate would she win in the second round ? 
  how did you get that from his post ? 
  my understanding is that he is saying that france and germany also have experts in english law . 
  in a lot of countries ( not sure about germany ) , you can be tried in absentia , without being present at the trial . 
  of course it will be difficult to enforce if you are not there , but you need to avoid entering the country afterwards ... 
  very low . 
  she may have a high score in the first round , but will not improve much in the second round . 
  the figure thrown around is # 3.64 m profit on the greater anglia line : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/08/18/foreign-state-owned-railway-british-train-companies-revenue_n_8003970.html, 
  this is not a poll , but a betting site . 
  you only buy a second car when there is a long-term measure taken . 
  in madrid or paris , it is only during a few days during pollution peaks , no one will buy a new car for that . 
  type in which language on your ipad ? 
  it wo n't be english !, 
  i guess what they were saying is that due to dialects and accents , oral communication can be difficult , while written characters are shared between different regions . 
  however , you still need to know mandarin to type the characters . 
  anyway , this is no longer really the case , everyone below 50 speaks mandarin in mainland china ( hong kong is another story ) . 
  why ? 
  is it a serious advice or there a joke hidden in there ? 
  anyway , too late for me ... 
  to know the concept of false friends is not enough to sidestep the difficulty ... 
  i am not sure what your point is anyway ? 
  that french is useless because if you speak spanish , italian and english you have a chance of getting the gist of a simple written text ? 
  i am not sure what you mean . 
  the government reimburses the campaign fees of all the candidates above 5 % of the total votes , with a ceiling of 50 % of the maximum allowed expenses ( around 20 millions ) , which means you can be refunded up to 10 millions euros . 
  there is a translation issue , it should be sensitive and not sensible . 
  sensitive is translated as ` sensible ' in french , so a lot of french speakers make the mistake . 
  it will solve problem you did n't know you had . 
  with essentially unlimited energy , a lot of new applications become economically feasible ( water dessalination for example ), 
  should be mme , she has been married for years . 
  and why do you want her to win anyway ? 
  how to change that ? 
  just be optimistic and smile in the metro !, 
  people are not really afraid to speak their mind in china , and they see the progress that their country made in the last 30 years . 
  these `` confidence '' surveys do not show the absolute position of each country , but the relative progress the citizens have experienced . 
  france started from a very good position and is feeling its influence going away , its social programs begin eroded , etc. 
  china started very far at the bottom , but has been improving a lot since . 
  it is not easy at all to completely remove content from wikipedia , the whole history of the article is available here : https://en.wikiquote.org/w/index.php?title=rupert_murdoch&amp;action=history, 
  you do n't have to do it to know what it is . 
  i think a lot of people know what it is in france as well , the newspaper often mention it . 
  then the problem is that you do not know the meaning of the word `` affair '' . 
  it implies secrecy and hiding it to the official partner . 
  i hope that for other languages which may be more ambiguous , enough context was given to differentiate from open relationships . 
  edit : well , looking at dictionaries , it is not that clear actually . 
  wikipedia does precise `` without the attached person 's significant other knowing . '', 
  ok , you were talking about french executives , so i did not understand your message the first time . 
  so , to continue your analogy , if the minimum wage in poland was higher than what they would get in france , yes many french workers would go there to work , even if it is less favorable for them thirty years from now . 
  no , you normally pay taxes and get retirement benefits in your residence country at the time you are working . 
  for french expatriates in poland , they do pay polish taxes and not french ones . 
  then there are agreements between countries to convert the years worked abroad in their home country retirement scheme . 
  if there were no agreement ( for example france and china do n't have one ) , then yes you may get two small pensions instead of a single one . 
  many expatriate packages include additional payments in the home country scheme to offset that , but that is negotiated . 
  they may get minimum wage , but the employer does not have to pay for their social security or retirement , so they still end up to be cheaper . 
  no one said that abstaining removes you from society . 
  however when you are asked a question and choose not to answer , it does remove you from the decision process . 
  why does it suck ? 
  it should spur new variations and bring the price down . 
  recent polls ? 
  the article is about such a poll !, 
  you can worry about that in five years , now is much too early to try to predict anything . 
  leboncoin.fr as well . 
  they already tried spreading a rumor of macron 's gay lover during the election campaign , but no one cared in france . 
  i just think of the human centipede each time i hear that , not a good association . 
  probably more votes for macron at this point , this reeks of desperation . 
  `` access to '' is very easy , you just have not to be embargoed , which is quite a low bar , most countries manage it without issues . 
  however , this is very different from being part of the single market , there will be customs and tarrifs , which will reduce trade . 
  yes , before any punctuation sign in two parts , like exclamation mark , question mark , etc. 
  interesting , where did you see 45 % support ? 
  once again , there is no shy fn factor . 
  pollster have been working with fn voters for thirty years , the dynamics are well understood by now . 
  if anything , they overestimate the fn support as it is less shameful than in the past to vote fn . 
  in the first round , she did worse than the polls predicted . 
  with a dissident candidature from marion , to ensure they both lose . 
  consensus in france is that she did a terrible job . 
  5 years is a long time , we should not try to make predictions like this . 
  but macron is about as far from venezuela as possible . 
  so all buildings made with eu funds should be destroyed as well ? 
  and when this thing has only one chance to happen or not , it * does not mean anything !, 
  * they ca n't be wrong . 
  even if i say le pen has 95 % chances to win and macron wins , i can just say `` well , he still had 5 % chance , it was a possible scenario '' . 
  they used to , but now they correct the results to take this effect into account . 
  as voting fn is less shameful than before , they may even be overestimating it . 
  two days rest on arbitrary weekdays is not as good as a weekend if you have a family ( kids go to school so wo n't adapt to your schedule ) , hobbies ( sport competitions are mostly on weekend ) or simply a partner ( do n't you want to have free time together ? ) . 
  still the current regulations can be improved , but you ca n't simplify the situation too much . 
  betting sites give odds depending on what people are ready to pay . 
  it seems many people believe in le pen , but it may not be rational and is not supported by any poll . 
  probably a fair number of people who do n't understand the two rounds system as well . 
  le pen and melenchon personally hate each other , so no , she would not enjoy losing to him . 
  france is doing fine , thank you very much . 
  that is not a problem at all , segol\u00e8ne royal had a good shot and lost in the second round because of her own deficiencies , not because of her gender . 
  herd means `` troupeau '' , it is the idea that pollsters look at each other results and tweak their data to obtain predictions not too far from each other , as each institute fears being the outlier horribly wrong . 
  however , this gives a risk of everyone being wrong at the same time ... 
  0 % chance 2 . 
  i guess some fillon , dupont-aignan and asselineau supporters , maybe also some melenchon supporters, 
  that 's bullshit . 
  we ca n't predict what happens next week , stop trying to predict what will happen in five years . 
  the 70 years continuity is bullshit : the great leap forward , the cultural revolution , etc. 
  were very turbulent periods .
