  not really the same , a lot of the people who were excited about this event were pc gamers . 
  ms hyped and oversold this event to pc gamers as the return of ms to pc gaming . 
  and this is all they got ? 
  yea they are not going to be happy . 
  even yesterday on / r/pcgaming there was a 400 comments thread about the possibility of halo coming to pc , i even commented saying that i hope it was not a remote play type thing since that was what i expected but people were expecting more . 
   there is nothing for me there . 
  nothing for you where ? 
  oh right , i thought you ware asking about something else . 
   no one cares that a cnn host made this mistake , just that fox news apologized for something a guest said . 
  did you read the article ? 
  he is apologizing for what guests said . 
   `` in the wave of the paris attacks , several guests on this program mentioned ` no-go zones ' in france , '' cooper said . 
  `` i did n't challenge them and twice referred them as well . 
  i should have been more skeptical , '' he added , and promised he would not make the same mistake again . 
  from the looks of this page they just ctrl-f for music unlimited and change it to playstation music ... well it looks like music unlimited is dead ( although the site is still up ) so that 's a good thing . 
   this week , we learned our aol overlords have decided that they no longer wish to be in the enthusiast blog business and are shutting all of them down . 
  this mass-sunset includes decade-old gaming journalism icon joystiq, 
  the fact that joystiq is shutting down seems like bigger news to me . 
  or was that already known ? 
  ( ** edit ** : just searched the subreddit looks like there were a couple of big post about this in the past week ), 
  i wonder if aol would be willing to sell the joystiq brand and domains ? 
  yea just saw the posts . 
  kinda sucks that joystiq was one of the last blog style gaming sites left . 
  i guess no more scrolling down and reading stories in chronological order . 
  i guess japan invade china in the last 9 months . 
  i must have missed the third sino-japanese war . 
  you could probably ask to be modded to / r/bloodborne and look at the mod log/mod mail and find out what really happen . 
  also for some reason i had not notice that this was self post only subreddit . 
  i have only been here a couple of times since subscribing but no wonder i have never seen links/images . 
  that said this sub is much better run than other one , this one even has a f.a.q and wiki section and is more active . 
  commenting for history . 
  but seriously the hell was that at the end . 
  become it 's wrong ? 
  i did n't down vote this but anyone who says stuff like that does n't know how business works , and is just spreading misinformation . 
  sce is playstation , they are not being force to release games exclusively on ps platform . 
  that 's like saying nintendo is being force to work on nintendo games exclusively . 
   now they are free to focus on pc instead or spread to a larger market . 
  the ceo pretty much confirm that they will now work on xbone games ... 
  i guess it 's makes sense , since now sony pushing all sony entertainments products under the playstation brand . 
  soe was always kinda awkwardly position under the sony entertainment umbrella , since they have always been a pc first developer . 
  because they are not an insurance company ? 
  sony financial holdings is part of sony , inside it there is an insurance company there is also a bank ( yes sony owns a bank ) and other stuff . 
  that whole division accounts for ~ 14 % revenue for all of sony . 
  they were at one point making most of their profits from this division . 
  and this is were all the sony is an insurance company crap came from . 
  but calling sony an insurance company would be same as calling mcdonald a real state company because they were making most of their money from it at one point ( not sure it 's they still are this is circa 2009 ), 
  i know it 's still wrong to call them a insurance company . 
  the financial division account for ~ 14 of revenue , and the financial division is not just an insurance company , it has a bank and 2 other things that i ca n't remember . 
  removed . 
  this is a warning . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  ... that 's a fucking yellow plantain . 
   jonathan blow 's beautiful , distinct 2008 platformer braid is largely regarded as the original indie game -- the notorious oig , if you will . 
  blow spent roughly $ 200,000 to create braid, 
  god i forget how expensive it is to make games these days . 
  i mean holyshit this is the money spend on a indie game . 
  a very good indie game but still i would have thought it was much cheaper like many 10k at most . 
  this pretty much changes what i think of indies . 
  and you link to a fucking pdf when talking about a hacking ... even in that pdf it mention that there maybe a trojan on a pdf sent to sony ... 
  we are sending him the question directly not posting it . 
  i guessing he will post the answers i doubt they will delete op 's comments . 
  do n't use 1 or 3 they look pretty bad imo , i would pick 2 but that image looks very low-res or low quality . 
  i am biased since i `` made it '' ( not really ) but i would suggest using something like/or the ones we have in / r/playstation ( similar to your number 2 ) , or the one we use in / r/ps4 that / u/icebreak made . 
  also although i love color animations . 
  you should stop using that on your username , that may cause users to turn off the stylesheet in this sub . 
  btw correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't think your ghostery is blocking anything , when it 's blocking something it should have a strike in the name like ~ ~ google adsense ~ ~ , i do n't think you set it up right . 
   i thought it was created by one of your fellow / r/ps4 mods ? 
  maybe it was a / r/ps3 ] mod , and i am misremembering . 
  lot of overlap there though . 
  nope , neither a / r/ps3 or / r/ps4 mod . 
  damn that 's a relevant username you have there / u/order1886 . 
  lol , nope . 
  i made it with the help of / u/icebreak , / u/thavius _ tanklin , / u/neonturts . 
  we did n't get paid for this ( hell i 'm not even buying the game ) . 
  we just decided to come up with a theme for the order subreddit , and worked together on this , that 's all . 
  also it 's coming down in a few days . 
  edit : do n't down vote the user i reply to . 
  the getting paid comment was for a user that 's now downvote , that said something like `` how much were the mods paid '' . 
  i just reply to you , since your comment was at the top of the page . 
  sorry you are getting down vote for it . 
  it would be too much work to make that work . 
  but it will be up in the order subreddit . 
  send it as a mod mail to the other mods , they will fix it . 
  since i 'm on my phone . 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  i replace our image with the one you made and added the fade , see if that makes it better . 
  oh ok it 's not just on my end , i was wondering what was happening . 
  the source for that is yahoo articles that has no sources ( i ca n't even find the story on other reputable car sites ) ... 
  i highly doubt lexus still has lfa from the factory , maybe there dealerships with new car that they own , and have not been register , but there are a bunch of super cars like that . 
  and that does n't mean that they are unsold . 
   we 've noticed this especially in gaming , where new communities are quick to pop up . 
  yea but if a fan was not fast enough to create it , it gets taken by troll and it 's made private and then we end up with weird subreddit name like / r/gametitlegame . 
  it had a sword that broke . 
  a 10 year old car is pretty new , i was just looking to buy a 10 year old car ... 
  it 's coming this year so that means this is a production model . 
  is no one bothering to design these headsets anymore ? 
  i mean the renders for production oculus look very good i was hoping for something more futuristic . 
  well it 's valve so they got my attention not matter how it looks , just wish it look better for something that 's coming 2015 . 
  yes specs are the important part but why do we have sacrifice design ? 
  htc of all people should know you can have both , their android phones are beautiful and have to top of the line specs .
