  i ca n't believe it is still up , hell i would think even an admin would do something about it although it 's like 3am so yea ... 
  last pass wo n't help you if it 's stolen from a website that has been hacked and you use the same password everywhere . 
  all it does is store a list of encrypted passwords so you can use unique ones for every website . 
  although if he is saying that he used the generate password option on last past and he only used that password on this site then that is concerning . 
  removed , do n't post url shorteners , read the rules on the sideabar . 
  not in the us , the contracts will make the difference a small one ( max $ 100 more ) the m8 sell for $ 200 on a regular contract , much less if you get the upgrade contract thing ( it 's $ 30 down on verizon and $ 0 on t mobile ) . 
  so i expect lots of people to be pissed , hell if the gs5 prime it 's also coming soon , i personally know people who will be pissed . 
  although i would take 6 months to only 2 months . 
  but still it should be a year fuck this rapid release shit makes me not want to upgrade to any of them . 
  i just hope the nexus rumors are not true or this will suck :(, 
  i hope tanakas first lost is not on a call game . 
  plz pinch hit for jeter !!, 
   following e3 , luckey formed his company and used zenimax 's hardware and software tech to create software development kits for the rift , according to the suit . 
  in the months following e3 , oculus and luckey sought expertise and know-how from zenimax ... 
   discussions about how oculus would compensate zenimax for the work done through the company kicked off right after e3 and continued through the winter of 2012 , according to the suit . 
  as the company started hiring on new talent and seeking funding , oculus became `` increasingly evasive and uncooperative in discussions with zenimax regarding appropriate compensation for its technology and support . '', 
  no resolution was ever reached . 
  would n't this will be easy to prove or disprove ? 
  if this proven to be correct then zenimax might actually have a case . 
  anyways it 's concerning that we are on the brink of vr coming to the market and lawsuits are already happening . 
  removed : rule # 5 check / r/pcgamingtechsupport or / r/techsupport . 
  so yesterday we gave the pitcher who has n't lost a lost and looks like today we are giving the pitcher who has n't won a win ... 
  removed . 
  this is warning . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  edit also i take back my last comment looks we are not giving the pitcher who has n't won a win . 
  lol, 
  yep thanks for the report !, 
  ;p someone did i thought it was you . 
  but yea reports are the second best thing to get something that breaks the rules removed . 
  ( best and quickest being sending a modmail ), 
  nice , i had not seen the standing in a while . 
  but how in the hell are the blue jays in first place ? 
  also what happen in left field yesterday ? 
  was not watching did the first baseman commit another error ? 
  right ... our pitching sucks ... 
  well on the bright side if this is a blow out we might get to see ichiro pitch ... 
  removed : rule # 5 check / r/pcgamingtechsupport or / r/techsupport . 
  i really want a new portal game . . 
   this video does not exist . 
  0_0 jeter has 2 hits ** and ** an rbi ... wow did not expect . 
  yep now he does , ca n't talk bad about him today , 
  i 'm guessing you did n't read the article because this is about selling consoles in china , not about manufacturing in china to sell elsewhere . 
  they ca n't be manufacture for sell in china w/o a this partnership . 
  this article explains it better . 
   the shanghai government said console makers would be able to manufacture and sell consoles in mainland china through `` foreign-invested enterprises '' in the city 's free trade zone ,, 
  rule # 6 : no questions about buying or building computers , including part questions , those go in / r/buildapc, 
  removed ,, 
  * using vague titles : posts without at least a substantial part of their question ( or topic ) in the title will be removed . 
  rule of thumb : if your question can fit in the title , then it should be in the title . 
  / r/ps4/wiki / subreddit/rules, 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
   can we have a dumbquestion link ? 
  you mean a thread where you ask any question you want ? 
  cause we have that . 
  check the schedule, 
   general seating ( sold out ), 
  i guess i should have expected that ... 
  one of those links has an affiliate tag removed it if you want this post approve . 
  that 's the affiliate tag . 
  remove all the ones in your links ( more than one links has it ), 
  this below is how you link should look like . 
  remove them and i will approve your newest post . 
  approved . 
  fyi this is cnn international . 
  all the comments here talking about cnn are talking about the us cnn channel , they are not the same . 
  send , it may be expired according to the other comment , sorry if it is . 
  oh that sucks i thought it was tomorrow , i send it to the other guy anyways maybe he has better luck . 
  lol when to check out and it looks like my card expired 3 hours ago ... 
  want to create a faq for this subreddit ? 
  i can add you as the wiki editor , if you want . 
  you can use what you already wrote here but 's not a problem if you do n't want to do it , i just thought you may want to since you wrote all that . 
  you need to remove the affiliate tags in those links . 
  meh , put ichiro to pitch it will be much better than this ... 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
   you could have just posted `` sell its playstation consoles on the mainland '' . 
  first of all , that 's the articles subtitle i did n't change it or add anything to it , if you had open the link and you would have notice . 
   they 're manufactured in china regardless of whether the ban is in place or not . 
  ** i do n't see what this deal is all about . 
  second i was answering this questing . 
  because as i said on my other comment they are not allow to sell consoles in china even if they are made in china . 
  to be able to do that they need this partnership , this is why it 's a big deal . 
  make it a goat now ... 
  pretty good game by kuroda . 
  now let 's have betances for 7 outs , 
  well goodnight everyone . 
  well then i hope the twitch stream is reliable , last year i watch it on ustream ( i think ) and that was choppy and shit , most of the time . 
  i doubt the average joe will notice this and the people who will notice already hate verizon . 
  do n't personally attack other users . 
  this is a warning . 
  i wish they had explain the game to the host before they demo it . 
  it apparently was a 2 player demo but because jimmy fallon was just punching the dummy they never actually show the other player . 
  i wanted to see a player vs player fight . 
  anyways i got to say i very ~ ~ existed ~ ~ excited by project morpheus and the oculus rift ca n't wait for them to come out . 
  edit : looks like at 3:25 they show the other player it 's only a floating head hehehe ... 
  apparently a moto 360 . 
  who is tidux ? 
  does n't look like a dev , so i will just tag this a rumor .
