   we 've also taken this chance to freshen up the search page and make it a little easier on the eye, 
  yet they cram , the comments count , subreddit name , submitter name , upvotes all in a single line . 
  like this . 
   r/playstation 134 points , 1171 comments , submitted 1 year ago by eventthread, 
  oh it 's a light gray color , too make it a little easier to read i guess . 
  and the little preview of the text , is overwhelming with ( useless ) information that makes no sense out of context . 
  the only thing i can think of that makes it easier on the eyes is all the useless white space they added . 
  yes i do n't get what they were thinking with the lack the expand functionality , meaning now we have to click every post to be able to find out what 's it says cause as mention above that little preview text is useless . 
  looks like no one read pass the title , this is not confirmed at all . 
  horrible title . 
  removed . 
  this is a warning . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  this is a warning . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  to be honest i do n't think we give enough of a chance to betances when he was trying to be a starter . 
  yes i know about the minors but still , i would like to see him start a game specially now that he seems to have his mechanics down . 
  jaba is shit when he is relieving and when he starts , so not really comparable . 
  i do remember joba did n't pitch that much ( certainly not as much as dalin has ) before being made a starter thought . 
  so it 's hard to say if he was really good or batters were just unfamiliar with him . 
  but anyways who care , i doubt it will ever happen anyways . 
  iirc all of them have the same booth every year . 
  so do n't think it has changed in size . 
  i 'm guessing jon has more nightwatch allies now , in all the night watch people who were with him saw why he was trying to prevent , still ca n't wait for the stabby !, 
  stabby !, 
  also this is probably my favorite episode of the whole show , it was just so fucking good . 
  if i did n't have to wake up in like a couple of hours i would watch it again . 
  who is in left ? 
  ok i was a bit concern about the guy on left after not catching that double , but after that assist i have nothing to complain about . 
  this is the only game i have been about to watch this series so i will take your word for it . 
  for 89 i would still buy it even if it was discontinue . 
  since i have never played a vita game in full , there are many older games waiting for me . 
  betances does not have his breaking pitches , i say go fastballs all away . 
  the hell is cc doing ? 
  and he is out in the ~ ~ 5 ~ ~ 6th ... also probably suspended for touching the the ump . 
  edit as pointed out it was the 6 which is better than i thought . 
  he was pitching well , i could see him out there for one more inning . 
  no reason really , the sidebar has had to those same subreddits for well over a year , pretty sure i just added random related subreddits , and intel and amd probably just came to my mind quicker . 
  for future reference , send a modmail when you want to ask something like this , it 's the best way to get a mod to answer your question . 
  also because these type of post are pretty useless , specially after i add this comment . 
  and will only serve as a place for fanboys to fight each other as evident by the post below . 
  anyways i will add it before i log off . 
  drew really does n't want to get dfa . 
  i like it . 
  welp if losing was n't bad enough , miller is now on the dl ... 
  just looked at ubaldo stats , he is having a very good year , that 's surprising . 
  i hope it is , realeyes is not a good name imo . 
  + also the controllers look like renders which i do n't see why they would use renders in the pamphlet/book . 
  looks like i should have read it more carefully , the errors are enough for me to consider this fake , so i removed it . 
  i love arod . 
  that bat drop !, 
  how long before someone makes a dust2 map ... 
  i have to say twitch app + chromecast is awesome . 
  i really did n't want this episode to end where it did , i wanted the show to spoiled what will happen . 
  cause if he is actually dead is going to be very disappointing, 
  well here we go !, 
  6 min left !, 
  + media player announce . 
  god damn it twitch + chromecast has been working fine since the ea presser now it 's all choppy . 
  good now for me too . 
  hopping it does n't go away . 
  nah , it 's a pop song . 
  last guardian !, 
  is that the shit cameraman from gamescon i saw . 
  as someone who did n't watch the ms press conference all the comments about ms winning are surprising . 
  the only thing i see people mention the the bc they talked about but that will only work for 100 games by holiday . 
  i do n't think it will be a big deal as people are making it out to be . 
  but since i did n't watch it i ca n't say if it was better or not . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i thought the sony conference was great . 
  looking over the marlins line up and see that they have players batting 300 or close to it at the bottom of their line up ... 
  if he gets to the 9th ( betances inning ) with 105 he should get a chance to finish it . 
  well that 's it . 
  betances for 2 inning ? 
  who is our 8th inning guy ? 
  sherve only has 4 pitches so yea i guess that 's the answer . 
  do n't care he does n't play for the yankees . 
  he is out !, 
  i do n't see why there are n't hd high fps cams at the games . 
  they only need to record like the last 5 to 10 minutes for the replays , i know that that 10 minutes of high fps takes lots lots of space , but the yankees have the money to do it . 
  what was he drinking ? 
  the x-series is their high end model , so you are actually paying more than you would if you choose one their other models , that iirc they announce will also come with android tv . 
  also i wonder if anyone will dump the playstation now apk ... 
  that 's wrong , these tvs have a bulge at the bottom with all the inputs/ports and [ yes , you can wall mount the tv ] ( http://www.sony.net/sonyinfo/design/works/products/pure_geometry/img/4k_tv_bravia_x900c_1.jpg ) . 
  these were already shown at ces . 
  meh he does n't deserve those boos , but man i hope he gets better , 4.2 innings and 6 er is hard to defend . 
  on a side note , why is headley making so many errors this year ? 
  you know it 's going to be a frustrating game when you see who is the home ump . 
  what the fuck is that shit ? 
  also it 's score a double , what ? 
  oh right forgot about that , but honestly we need a call those type of plays errors . 
  no sound here either : /, 
  at least tex gets to bat first next inning ... 
  eh , did n't really like it . 
  kinda sucks that he will release this but not the one he perform on the colbert report . . 
  welp you actually went ahead with that terrible search . 
  i left the beta because of it , guess i ca n't avoid it now . 
  the least you could have done , if you were n't going to take any feedback from the beta is to hire a ux designer ( or hire a competent one if you already have one ) . 
  ( also what 's with the new weird expando , hope that 's not a preview of the front page . ), 
  walk him !,
