  do not : personally attack other users . 
   how long you 've been a member of reddit , and / r/sports [ 2 ] in particular . 
  ideally , we 're looking for accounts at least one year old , since new accounts are n't as familiar with the workings of reddit . 
  i been on reddit for almost 4 years , on this sub for like a year and half but i mostly stay on / r/baseball and / r/nyyankees ( sometimes / r/formula1 ) when it comes to sport subreddit . 
   what modding experience you have already . 
  we 're looking for people who have at least some experience , particularly in sports subreddits . 
  i mod / r/ps4 , / r/pcgaming , / r/nasa and many other which you can see in my page , i have lots experience modding . 
   any ideas you have for how this subreddit can be even better . 
  rule changes , css tweaks , banning all users who cheer for the cowboys , or just things you think should be changed , even if you do n't have a particular plan for how to change them . 
  automated threads for big sporting events would be the first thing i would add . 
  or at the very least link to the thread on that particular sporting events subreddit . 
  irc chat * freenode * : #reddit - baseball, 
  ... should be snoonet live every other subreddit . 
  the size of the of the network makes no difference really , only people who would be there would be reddiators and most subreddits uses snoonet . 
  i but i honestly do n't care i will just use the thread , 
  wow what a big double play . 
  so anyone have a gif of cruz circle thing at third ? 
  why was kershaw still in the game do the dodgers not have a bullpen ? 
  reminds me of pedro and the redsox ... 
  [ hayao miyazaki 's - on your mark ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1yx4sf_hayao-miyazaki-s-on-your-mark_music ) great music video , horrible 90s pop music . 
  ca n't do sound with reddit css . 
  they are there it 's just those images are to big . 
  ... make images smaller , the voting arrows are like 14x14 . 
  flairs would be the best way to do this , but something like this should work probably , maybe . 
  a.author [ href $ = `` user/chakidrh '' ] : after, 
  content : '' , moderator '' ;, 
  commenting for historic thread , but seriously this is fucking long game . 
  oh come on dodgers do n't do this . 
  the teams that i rooted for this season , let 's see what they have done . 
  my team , nyy - lol nope, 
  lets root for the mariners and see what they do , mariners - nope, 
  oh look the pirates - nope, 
  so the only thing wanted since the mariners did n't make it , is a laa vs lad ws . 
  but so far it angles have lost 2 and the dodgers are looking to shit the bed and loose 2 ... . 
  edit : they did n't shit the bed woot . 
  i do n't know much about about the royals tbh , i do n't even know if they are in kansas city , kansas or the other one lol joking aside i like the pirates better . 
  lol , i was half joking but i thought they were in kansas city , mo. ... 
   its like when the red sox were lovable in pre 2004 , 
  i strongly disagree with this statement . 
  i did n't realize pujols had such a good year that 's almost as good as what he had with stl, 
  g | ab | r | h | tb | 2b | 3b | hr | rbi | bb | ibb | so | sb |, 
  hey i said close and i was being generous because compare to last year , he is has had an incredible year . 
  as i said in another reply , i was being generous because compare to last year , this is an incredible year . 
  well there goes lad v laa ws . 
   1/19 now for pujols with risp . 
  ouch . 
  great catch , though !, 
  i thought that was for the whole angles team ? 
  i do n't think he has had 19 at bats this post season . 
  does n't pujols have the only hit for the angles with runners in scoring position ? 
  considering asking for upvotes is one of the few reddit wide rules , i would delete that comment . 
  he was fully extended unless he can magically grow i doubt he could have had that . 
  everything points out he did n't know he had ebola , he did n't did n't know the pregnant woman he help had ebola ( he thought she was having pregnancy related complications ) . 
  and that will probably be true for most people who will make it here with ebola due to the incubation period ( up to 20 days ) . 
  so calling this person an idiot and as others are saying in other ebola threads wishing for his dead for helping a fallow human are disgusting to be honest . 
  also unless we have a complete failure all reason and incredible incompetence from all heath care workers in the us , ebola is just a media hype panic . 
  it was a a hospital, 
   thomas eric duncan rushed to help his 19-year-old neighbor when she began convulsing days after complaining of stomach pain . 
  everyone assumed her illness was related to her being seven months pregnant . 
   when no ambulance came , duncan , marthalene williams ' parents and several others lifted her into a taxi , and duncan rode in the front seat as the cab took williams to the hospital . 
  she later died . 
  it was a a hospital, 
   thomas eric duncan rushed to help his 19-year-old neighbor when she began convulsing days after complaining of stomach pain . 
  everyone assumed her illness was related to her being seven months pregnant . 
   when no ambulance came , duncan , marthalene williams ' parents and several others lifted her into a taxi , and duncan rode in the front seat as the cab took williams to the hospital . 
  she later died . 
  i like the small feed , honestly most of them should be paying for ads anyways . 
  but yea the community is not going like this . 
  the regular z3 was already announce for t-mobile , and in my opinion that 's the much better version , it looks much better . 
  should have been 5-5 . 
  except a bad call is much worse than a broken bat , hell broken bats are just luck , bad calls are human error . 
  home ump sucks . . 
  he is horrible at keeping secrets then ... 
  someone get him some pine tar , it 's fucking cold . 
  windows rt is not x86 windows , it was a arm `` windows '' basically a mobile os , no x86 program would work on it . 
  the stupid thing microsoft did with rt that confuse people into thinking it was windows , was call it windows and have a desktop interface for no fucking reason , even after eveyone who use said it was a bad idea they still decided to have a desktop interface on a mobile os . 
  also that 's like complaining that they do n't allow side loading on windows phone ( which is very similar to rt btw ) . 
  i 'm very surprise at how many people in this thread are ok with the quality of that table , i mean holy shit if i paid for something like that i would be getting my money back soon as i saw it . 
  i hope they kill carl , am i doing this right ? 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  they are not , the ceo made a post saying the rumors where false and they were not selling . 
  why do n't you guys upload it on the settings page ... 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  this is a forbes contributor `` article '' this has not validity what so ever , it 's no better than a wordpress blog . 
  unless i hear this from an admin , i doubt this is true . 
  the admins did say they were working on an android app but they never said they are bringing alien blue it self to android but logically speaking they will both probably be call the same . 
  i stop taking polygon seriously after they review god of war and were all outrage that it was `` too violent '' and etc. 
  but even after that i would still go to the site because they still had many good articles specially their full features but in the past 5 months or so polygon and the verge have had a massive drop in quality , i rarely go to their sites anymore . 
  testing auto mod , i think it 's ignoring my post since i 'm a mod ... 
  maybe ? 
  but honda aircraft company is headquarter in the us , the planes are build in the us . 
  holy shit even the ocean is rooting for the royals .
