  did n't know oculus had acquired a design company hopefully that means it will look even better than the render . 
  the great wave off kanagawa ? 
  it 's an `` old '' bravia kdl iirc , i remember seeing the circular base when i was looking for a tv but the new model does n't have that base i think . 
  congrats / u/thepowerofx your thread will be the mega thread for this event . 
  hope you do n't mind but if you do just tell me and i will make a mod one . 
  it 's owned by sony ... ironically . 
  this link is at the bottom but nothing there . 
  they did say they will talk about it more at e3 . 
  the attacker was armed but from that photo it does n't look like it was a gun . 
  picture of the ambassador injured . 
  probably to differentiate it from the special edition final fantasy red ps4 that japan also got . 
  honestly , i 'm not a fan of the nexus 6 but if this service is price as well i think i will be , i 'm switching . 
  and if it 's a prepaid service i may even just get it as a second line . 
  i want to see what the other features are . 
  i mean if you are going to break the nda at least do a good job at it . 
  assuming this is real , so tagged it as rumor just in case . 
  edit : apparently these are the other features woot, 
  [ update 3:28 p.m. : here are more features , via wario64 \\ ( 2 , 3 \\ )  ( http://gematsu.com/2015/03/ps4-firmware-2-50-adds-suspend-resume ), 
  * delete trophies with zero percent . 
  * search trophy details on the internet , including screenshots of scenes with trophies . 
  * shareplay at 60 frames per second . 
  * share trophy details and screenshots . 
  i do n't want to complain but why only the ones with zero percent . 
  i want to delete or hide lots of trophies i have . 
  agree , the leak screenshots look real but they can be easily fake that 's why added the rumor tag . 
  they already announce they would be doing that . 
  ( japanese link i do n't have the english one ), 
  that domain has been on sale since 2005 or something they were asking for more than a million dollars back them . 
  had . 
  same here , since i distinctly remember sony use to have a nfl franchise during the ps2 era that they had to stop because ea acquire an exclusive nfl license around 2004-05 ( which was the last nfl game they made ), 
  it would make me choose one brand over another , if i saw turkey ( like it say in the article ) with added sugar and one without it i will choose the one without . 
  i used the turkey example since it was in the article but there are foods that naturally has sugar . 
  i should probably have use one those . 
  i would make the sidebar subreddit links into tables instead of bullet points to save space , also highlighting important stuff like the faq ( it needs more information though there a lot of cool wiki post on the sidebar but they are all outdated by like a year ) maybe put them in a top bar . 
  i think keeping it simple but classy would be the best for this sub , a nice header image would go a long way . 
  i expected it to be cheaper . 
  too expensive for what they offer at the moment imo , may if ( or when ) they release a iphone , android app , i would pay for it since i would may a premiums for the ability to use my cable sub anywhere i want and not having to use my cable box ui since the interface for this looks super sweet . 
  this is only the launch market and they said it will be coming to ios / android and other devices , so i 'm guessing they are testing the price point like they did with playstation now . 
  but yea it 's too expensive . 
  really only 60 bucks ? 
  damn that 's cheap . 
  i pay $ 150 for everything ( ant that 's a promotional price ) ... 
  i 'm guessing this is why they launch it on major cities , like here ( nyc ) . 
  what you are asking for is \u00c0 la carte pricing ( what we all want ) , but you will never that , since discovery will never sell you one channel like velocity , because they popular channels to prop up their less know channels and drive up prices . 
   6mbps internet . 
  yea i could n't do that , that 's barely usable anymore for me , ca n't go back to having that low of a speed . 
  also the comcast plan comes with a data cap . 
  i think i going to keep paying what i pay . 
   vue does n't even let you watch old episodes, 
  yes it does , you can watch old episodes and it also has dvr which allows you to keep episodes longer . 
  true but that body kit is not all that different than what lexus has on their super gt cars , it does look a lot more video gamy though ( very clean ) . 
  but yea vgt cars are usually not possible in real life . 
  although a lot of the manufactures have had real live concept of them . 
  some like the [ vette concept looks like a road legal car ] ( http://media.caranddriver.com/images/media/550711/chevrolet-corvette-stingray-gran-turismo-concept-photo-551864-s-1280x782.jpg ) . 
  i expected the low end plan to be like between 30 - 40 since it 's currently only on playstation . 
  but i also did n't expect it to have that many channels . 
  wow that mk one is great . 
  that painting is weird it looks like him but at the same time it does n't . 
  edit : seems like this comment is controversial for some reason . 
  weird does n't equal bad . 
  i was just commenting on the fact that , that the drawing changes from looking like him and not . 
  i was n't commenting on the quality of the drawing . 
  google tells me the name is charmian chen , she is taiwanese model . 
  note : bing has better photos than google . 
  i would have thought they just going to sent him to anger management or something , specially after the producer said all he wanted was to return to work . 
  but from reading the summary it looks like the bbc actions are appropriate . 
  i just gain ~ 10 unwanted hours a year , that i do n't know what to do with . 
  receipt says theme , those licenses are going to get revoke . 
  i expect a bunch of complaining in this sub about this later ... 
  if you look at your receipt your purchase was a theme . 
  they will probably only honor that purchase , which was the one you made . 
  what are you talking about , they have revoke licenses a bunch of times , just because a company does n't want to give you refunds does n't mean that they ca n't revoke your license . 
  but we did n't buy a game so they are not taking away anything , the receipt we got says we bought a theme ,, 
   like accidentally selling someone a expensive watch when they bought the cheap version or mislabeling a product, 
  companies cancel those order all the time go to any price error slickdeals thread and you will see how many cancel there are . 
  anyways am in for a cancellation , well in this case a license revoke . 
  neither am i , for 2 bucks i 'm willing to gamble but i just dread all the thread complaining if/when they revoke the licences . 
  you think companies are not hypocrites cause they are . 
  i bought it since for 2 bucks i really do n't care if they revoke it , i just think many people in this sub are going to start complaining if/when they revoke the licenses . 
  ... i 'm the same person you are calling paranoid ... 
   `` the guy outside is knocking lightly on the door and there is no answer , '' the investigator said . 
  `` and then he hits the door stronger and no answer . 
  there is never an answer . '', 
   he said , `` you can hear he is trying to smash the door down . '', 
  that sounds horrible , i ca n't even image how he must have felt . 
  and since 911 all cockpit doors are reinforce they are very hard to get into , but i was under the impression that the air marshal could open the door in case of emergencies . 
  or was that not implemented ? 
   do air marshals exist in europe ? 
  you know i have no idea if they do , and i thought this was an international flight ? 
  i just assume there was one, 
  who is nc ? 
  edit : never mind looks like this you are talking about planetside , i thought you were talking about a real company . 
   of course this was hashed out yesterday on / r/games , idk why / r/pcgaming never put a note that it was misleading and did n't only apply to hardline up . 
  i for one did n't read the other story , so i did n't know about it . 
  best way to report something is wrong is to send us a modmail we will always respond and we will take appropriate action ( tag it or remove it etc ) . 
  last year ? 
  it was a gas explosion . 
  this maybe the same . 
  maybe the gas smell ? 
  it 's pretty distinctive , if you smell lot of gas in indoors you should get the fuck out .
