  wow nice play, 
  also why is stewart in the game ? 
  damn , cano is hitting the ball hard but none are touching grass :(, 
  man jeter run harder !, 
  i was joking ... 
  yep !, 
  go yankees go !, 
  i honestly thought it would be earlier , considering it 's launching in less than half of the countries the ps4 is . 
  i bet that that fake leather will look terrible after a couple of months of handling . 
  i hope everyone who gets this gets the one with plastic back . 
  edit apparently it is not leather back but plastic that looks like leather ... 
  we need jeter out of that second spot . 
  jeter better do something since we still paying woot walk ! . 
  cano !, 
  i also thought it was out haha . 
  fuck we did n't pinch hit for stewart ... 
  well ... 
  there is a stream link in the redsox thread . 
  damn it joba . 
  so now i get why stewart starts games ... 
  nice save wells . 
  that was n't a strike , hahaha, 
  fuck it all , specially phil hughes, 
  this is pathetic , good night everyone . 
  damn that was close , also want to know what happen with that women . 
  why is a-rod not in the game today ? 
  jeter has become an automatic out , yet we continue playing him ... 
  yea i get that , why play him as the number 2 batter ? 
  he should be at the back of the line up . 
  just tune in to watch the final inning and only to see mo had blown the save :( also hughes is up so if we do n't win in the next half we are fuck . 
  what a way to win . 
  i think there 's a tracking device in the van . 
  edit nope, 
  walt i have always rooted for walt but i do n't think he is going to `` win '', 
  men i did n't like this i think walt smarter than to fall for this . 
  2:00 am huh , do n't think i will be watching it . 
  but hoping it 's something good . 
  although i just expect the japanese release date it is too close to the tgs conference for new games to be announced ( hoping i am wrong though ), 
  yep that 's 2013 vintage cc . 
  also want to know i was distracted . 
  ~ ~ pac-man ? ~ ~ that was tetris now that i think about it . 
  ( i think anyways only heard it for a sec ), 
  fuck tune in at the worse time possible ... 
  that was shitty call . 
  nice work reynolds , but fuck that call we could have had a tie game . 
  you have n't seen manny 's five feet cut off ? 
  soriano is hot , a rod is hot . 
  we can do this people !, 
  hahaha, 
  hope he is not hurt , we really need him . 
  i do n't get why nova is out , he was pitching an ok game and he had n't thrown that many pitches . 
  i going to say something sacrilegious here ... but i do n't trust mo he has n't been pitching well . 
  woot , nice game . 
  mo pitch well which is encouraging to see . 
  later everyone, 
  that 's doable , sure why not . 
  not sure about this , i think that 's what / r/space is for . 
  but i 'm going to leave this topic up for a while if people like your idea i may consider it . 
  this sub was already very customize , but i remove it not long ago to fix something but decided not put it back up . 
  edit sp, 
  too much work , unless we have a way to automate this we would n't have time to change it everyday . 
  we can have pic of the week or month thread where the community can pick one that would stay on the sidebar for a week/month but everyday is too much work . 
  we will remove the upvote and go back to the regular ones . 
   links to the press release are greatly preferred over those from a big media outlet . 
   if you submit an image , give it some good context or description , we should be able to learn something from it . 
  we can limit submissions to only come from nasa.gov and have images be only posted as a seft post but i think would limit participation on the sub not growth it . 
  do you have an idea on how you would do this ? 
  i was thinking of adding a `` mod '' ( not a full power mod ) but someone that can make a submission every time there is a space launch . 
  also one that would keep the launch schedule chart that we used to have on the sidebar up to date . 
  i will see what i can do . 
  i agree limiting submissions to nasa.gov is bad idea . 
  as for images ,, 
  the problem is that we are not on 24/7 , we can automate it using automoderator but it 's has to know what a bad submission is . 
  for example if the submissions title is only something like `` this gem '' or `` this '' or something like that then automod will work wonderfully but short of adding mods for all times zones it would be very hard to enforce . 
  but i can add a message on the submission page that way people know to give good context to the image . 
  just fyi that 's a forum post i thought it was a verge article . 
   sounds to me like they think they 're ma bell , only without the breakup risk . 
  [ well they are ... kind of ] ( http://vansgn.com/brandvale/wp-content/uploads/2007/04/att_history2.jpg ), 
  just tune in to the game happy to see we are leading , what 's wrong with arod ? 
  i could ** n't ** hear what was said . 
  thanks , i heard something like he could n't run and might pinch run for him so i thought something else had happen . 
  wow that was awesome . 
  i would guess is because of the pip mode that lets you browse the web as you watch tv ( probably needs a tv that has pip ) but still imo not a reason to limit it to their own tvs . 
  this will also be more expensive than the chromecast , it can do a lot more but i think it will probably cost at least 2 times more , i would get a chromecast over this . 
  i guess those who were complaining were in the minority after all . 
  forgot there was a game today but hopefully we win this one . 
  well shitty time to turn on the game ... 
  [ the official one is this one and i have only seen it available on amazon 's uk site , i could n't even find it on sony 's site . 
  here, 
  no , i do n't understand the move if a pitcher is pitching well why take him out with one out left ? . 
  why not change the page name with image thats says mildly interesting 400k readers ? 
  i think it would look better and people that hit the / r/mildlyinteresting image will not be send to the front page ? 
  something like this should work if you need the code ( also see / r/csshelp ), 
  background-repeat : no-repeat ;, 
  position : absolute ;, 
  you can message me if need any help , it 's what i did with / r/playstation if you want to see how the code looks like . 
   english to english translation . 
  andrew house is speaking japanese . 
  looks they change the translator just now . 
  did n't hear that ( the translation was not the best at times ) but no one is reporting it ( or anything from the keynote for that matter . ),
