  kinda agree with shilling on that , his pitches are all low . 
  they have 15k subs . 
  subreddits are like domains , the most obvious ones will get the most traffic . 
  / r/redsox will get more traffic than / r/nyyankees , since this subreddit does n't have that good of a name tbh , and people typing the url manually will probably end up on the other yankees sub but since that 's a terrible subreddit they do n't participate . 
   that whole littlefinger marrying sansa to ramsay plot is just idiotic ( jon never hears about it ? ), 
  why is this idiotic ? 
  it 's better than the books going off to god knows where with her plot line . 
   no mance fake-out ?!, 
  there still more than half of the season left and iirc we did n't learned about the fake out until after snow learns about the fake aria ( that said i do n't care if that 's not on the show it was pretty pointless from what i remember ), 
  why is arod batting on the fifth spot and why it 's he playing 3b ? 
  i do n't understand what 's girardi is doing . 
  and of course as i type this beltran gidp . . and he is batting third . 
  do n't we have someone else on the bench who can play third ? 
  i 'm not saying he ca n't play third , i think he will do very well but he is 40 and has 2 bad hips . 
  oh well at least it should be fun to watch him play and see how he does . 
  iirc the ps4 version has it do n't see why it would n't be the same . 
  damn i want !, 
  although that size screen makes me want to see it in person , i want to see how large it truly is . 
  letv le max specifications, 
  * 6.33-inch ( 2560 x 1440 pixels ) quad hd display, 
  * octa-core snapdragon 810 64-bit processor ( 4x 1.5 ghz arm a53 + 4 x 2.0 ghz arm a57 ) with adreno 430 gpu, 
  * 4gb ddr4 ram , 64gb internal memory, 
  * android based eui, 
  * 21mp rear camera with dual-tone led flash , sony imx230 sensor , ois , f/2 .0 aperture , dual isp support, 
  * 4mp front-facing camera, 
  * mhl 3.0 , usb type c , 3.5 mm audio jack , wireless hdmi , lehifi and audio chip built by akg, 
  * fingerprint reader, 
  * 4g lte ( cat 9 ) , wifi 802.11 a/b/g / n ( 2.4 / 5 ghz ) , wireless hdmi support , bluetooth 4.1 and gps, 
  * 3400mah battery, 
  a lot of those specs are very similar to the rumor z4 . 
  i think maybe people were confusing this phone with the z4 on the benchmarking sites since it has the same sony camera module . 
  ellsbury 's arm is laughable . 
  from what i have seen i was take greene but it 's early i think didi will improve . 
  not the first time this has happen this season though a couple of games back people were complaining about it too . 
  i thought he would be at least on part with gardner went we sing him . 
  woot ! , i redact my comment ~ ~ beltran presents the walking gidp . ~ ~, 
  i decided to removed this since it looks like it 's a bug not a type of drm like the title suggest , you can resubmit it with a better title and more context on the body as per rule 4 . 
  good job , it looks great . 
  the only thing i would change is not to hide the border in comment for res users , it one the main reason why i use res since it makes comments more readable other than that i think it looks great . 
  also i would add this , since it would make the comment page look better . 
  . commentarea {, 
  a-rod !, 
  that was a beauty . 
  you know the only thing i know about that guy is that he * allegedly * owns a very rare stolen ferrari . 
  i remember reading on jalopnik or autoblog a few years ago it was a great read , ( i would recommend ) . 
  i wonder what will happen to the car if he does die . 
   jr central has said it wants to export the maglev technology to the u.s. for a washington-new york train link -- a project mr. abe [ prime minister shinzo abe ] has said japan would help finance . 
  that would be amazing but i doubt that will ever happen . 
  366 miles per hour, 
   pokemon cards, 
  some of them are worth lots of money , like an original holographic charizard . 
  i do n't know how much they were value originally ( i was never into collecting cards of any kind ) but this ebay one sold for $ 600 , and it was only rate an 8 by psa . 
  so a 10 should be worth lots more . 
  i 'm honestly starting to think it 's the front office making girardi bat a-rod where he is , cause i see no reason why he should n't be batting where beltran is . 
  what an idiot that ball might have been worth something . 
  [ here ] ( http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/2015/04/17/mlbtv_nyatba_77326383_1200k.mp4 ), 
  nova coming back this year , so it can happen but i still would prefer warren in the pen . 
  welp . 
  although i have never been a fan of superman , batman is my favorite superhero and he looks like a beast in this one . 
  love the batsuit !, 
  this the movie i 'm looking for the most for next year , ca n't wait !, 
  if arod does not bat in lower spot next game than i will be sure that they are doing it to fuck him . 
  do n't know , i wanted a replay since it looked like didi block a playable ball by running into chase . 
   what did yes show ? 
  nothing . 
  you do n't live close to a liquor store that delivers ? 
  you need to get on that it 's godly . 
  who the hell is kris bryant ? 
  i make fun of ellsbury 's arm but damn you do n't need a arm if you are fielding like that . 
  ~ ~ the htc leaks were fan made iirc , ~ ~ these one comes from sony directly , it still does n't mean it will look like that specially since sony pictures and sony mobile are two separate companies but it 's a little better than the htc leaks . 
  i thought they came out as fake/fan made , i guess not , edited my comment . 
  does n't he have like a bunch of walks though ? 
  was arod limping ?!, 
  i want replay !, 
  oh they show how the rosin got in there !, 
  he only has 70 pitches , he can have a cgso . 
  true but i think he would want the chance to keep pitching . 
  where is tony pe\u00f1a ? 
  i do n't see him anymore in the dugout like last year . 
   tanaka , m ip7 .0 h2 r0 er0 bb0 so8 p-s85-58 era3 .94, 
  yep pretty good , someone should karma whore tanakas day on / r/baseball . 
  i might be the only yankees fan ( looking at this thread maybe the only non boston fan ) that likes ortiz . 
  but i also like a-rod and think the steroid fuel home run race was the probably the greatest thing that happen to baseball . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that baseball is game and i like to be entertain and ortiz is one of most entertaining players in baseball . 
  yes but he is an entertaining jackass , [ are you not entertained ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/fsqjfij5lls?t=3s ), 
  so all the rumors where wrong basically , since no 4 gigs of ram , no 2 different resolution etc etc. 
  i guess those bench marks android blogs where posting were all fake . 
  oh did n't know that , although that would be a pretty big change for them . 
  did it say what they were replacing it with ? 
  i really like this line up , ( except for maybe 3 player ), 
  edit : fixed . 
  btw make you guys vote the thread so that it shows up on the front page of subscribers to this subreddit . 
  i was hopping they would have taken out simon by now . 
  * nexus 6 only, 
  * invite only, 
  * `` for now , project fi is available only for accounts with an @gmail.com address '', 
  come on google , have n't you learned anything . 
  just edited my comment to add that . 
  seriously , i do n't understand why google does this type of launches .
