  this might be bigger than i expected , it also probably rules out anything interesting playstation related happening at the vgas ( or what ever the fuck they are calling themselves now ) unless they do a big show like when the last of us was announce . 
  that was not at the vgx . 
  it was at the ps4 launch party . 
  gameplay reveal ? 
  i do n't think there was anything about [ uncharted at the vgx last year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vgx_\\ ( award_show \\ ) # 2013_awards ) . 
  iirc first time we saw footage of uncharted was at this years e3 . 
  mo ` ne davis got a commercial that 's pretty cool to be honest . 
  i 'm not sure why escobar was the one getting the hit that took out ventura , they did n't replay it but it looked like it was next to 3rd baseman had he made the play they may have had the chance at an out . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  i just warn both of you in case i miss anything and i delete both of your comments . 
  art and artist sites are always the awful , i think it 's it a rule in the art world . 
  wow that was horrible . 
  for me the erick aybar in wbc was worse call i have seen . 
  nice play !, 
  this game has just started and there have been 2 really nice plays . 
  cool did n't know this was confirm . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  they tell you this even before you sent it , every company i know will not fix infected electronics . 
  microsoft warranty, 
  [ what is not covered : as related and applicable to your covered product \\ ( s \\ ) , this service contract does not, 
  cover any failure , loss , repairs or damage in connection with or resulting from ... or insect infestation  ( http://img3.store.microsoft.com/content/pdf/microsoft_us_consumer_complete_terms_and_conditions.pdf ), 
  samsung warranty, 
   free guarantee service will not be provided to the said equipment if, 
   [ \\ ( b \\ ) it has been damaged through misuse , negligence accident , insects or natural calamities , or ] ( https://www.samsung.com/hk_en/support/warranty/ ), 
  lol ... 
  pretty sure i have read this same article like 5 times in the subreddit ... . . 
  i was going to removed this ( since there were a couple duplicates ) but since it has more information than the other post i will allow it . 
  ~ ~ i help if you want . ~ ~, 
  edit ... 
  i thought you were asking about / r/psnshareplay not pay ... oops sorry . 
  to be honest i really do n't care anymore about dlna ( i hope it still comes ) but just today i bought a amazon fire stick for 20 bucks , has plex app and netflix all that jazz . 
  i also have a chromecast , does all that . 
  i really think sony needs to bring update faster thought , this update for what it is , took too long to be release ( well except for shareplay which imo is pretty revolutionary ) . 
  meh , everyone now expects players to be holier-than-thou but as someone who was fallowing the home run race it was one of the funnest experiences ever in baseball . 
  btw anyone remember the sport illustrator issue where they were dress as roman/greek emperors ? 
  what 's venture pitch limit ? 
  will he get the chance for a cg shutout ? 
  i would let him go to 120 then again i 'm not a manager . 
  hey i have approved your post however make sure not use link shortterners in the future . 
  they get auto filter by reddit 's spam filter . 
  ouch that 's a painful part to get hit at . 
  the fuck was that ? , he was almost out !, 
  he is out , why so long ? 
  too bad the / r/spam bot does n't seem to think the same . 
  man , this has been a bad week for commercial spaceflight companies . 
  edit : cnn is broadcasting live pictures of the crash ship , looks like it broke into pieces . 
  the rootkit things was sony bmg a company that sony only owned 50 % of at the time ... sony mobile which another company that until recently they did n't fully own , has nothing to do with the sony bmg scandal . 
  hell they are not even in the same country , sony bmg was base in new york , sony mobile is headquarter in sweden & tokyo . 
  meh unless you buy nothing from nestle ( which is doubtful ) and refuse to take any medicine bayer has made ( again very doubtful ) you have no ground to stand on , with that scorched earth policy . 
  also you like bananas ? ... 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  the chris rock is in on it , i bet . 
  i hope this beth stuff does n't last the rest of the season ... 
   android walkman, 
  first of all they still make walkmans ? 
  lol , second after searching for this on their site all the models they have says they are discontinued ... not that i do n't believe you hell the vita did n't get micro usb until last year and the walkman line has been run by idiots for a long time now . 
  you post contains an affiliate link , please remove it . 
  i love that it was cut . 
  usually we see pictures of the amazing `` cakes '' but we never see them cut , which makes me think most are fake . 
  [ also cartoon kid cakes are less creepy than life like baby cakes . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  page actually said a while back that they bought them for more than the patents , and anyways the patents turn out to be pretty much worthless they have lost every time google has tried to use them in court . 
  i doubt samsung is going to go back to copying the iphone , they have their own very popular brand now it would harm them more than help them at this point . 
  i think they will try to differentiate from apple as much as possible . 
   i do n't think it 's coincidence that apple declared a patent war truce with google almost immediately after the purchase . 
  no they did n't , google bought motorola in 2011 ( became official 2012 . 
  ) , apple did n't stop the law suits until early/mid 2014 ( and they pretty much only did that internationally there is still a us court case ) . 
  the lawsuits were pretty bad for apple ' image and help samsung gain momentum as the underdog , i think a more likely reason for them stopping them . 
  hehe came to do the same thing , maybe the / r/spam bot does n't think it 's a spammer : /, 
  sure , i really like / r/hardware . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  ok cool . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
   will cost `` under $ 2,000 usd , '' and that 's going to be the street price . 
  from dell it will cost $ 2,499 . 
  i hope that under 2,000 is not 1,999 , since the base retina 5k imac is 2,499 it does n't seem like a good deal to me . 
  i wonder if you can use the imac as a monitor ... 
  that 's not what he means by donor bike . 
  he is talking about a bike use for parts . 
  lol damn auto complete . 
  should we tag this one as a rumor ? 
  this has been remove as it 's blogspam which adds nothing to the original article , you should submit the toms hardware article that 's the source of your link . 
  what channel is broadcasting it ? 
  ohhh i should have read your whole comment ... . . , i read tv and thought it was being broadcast and that i was missing it . 
  although the live steam is good anyways . 
  it 's happening in all first world nations iirc , the problem with japan is low immigration which is what offsets the number in other nations . 
  it 's happening here in the us to , just a couple of years ago there were a bunch of headlines here because the census show that there were less white babies and minority babies . 
  the reason is because the more educated and wealthier a population is , the lower its birthrate is .
