  1995 actually , apparently miyazaki had writer 's block while working on princess mononoke so he took this as a side project . 
  according to this it 's because of the music, 
   q : i thought those two policemen were killed . 
  why did they keep coming back ? 
    the timeline in this film does n't flow linearly . 
  as with the lyrics `` we still do n't stop '' , they keep trying , no matter how many times they fail . 
  apparently walt disney owns the rights but the group who sings the song got caught with a bunch of drugs so it got pull off the shelves . 
  and i thought the way we handle drugs was stupid . 
   [ walt disney japan is removing the music video for the song `` on your mark . '', 
  walt disney japan is also removing the video from studio ghibli collection of short films that was previously released on dvd . 
  in a way , disney is erasing the short film from studio ghibli 's back catalogue . 
  it 's as if it never existed . 
  ] ( http://kotaku.com/anime-delay-shows-how-strict-japan-is-about-drugs-1579447962 ), 
  edit : crap this comment was for / u/zinc _ finger ... 
  walt disney owns the rights , it was included in the studio ghibli 's collection but the group who sings the song got caught with a bunch of drugs so they pull it off the shelves . 
  wrong thread ? 
  going to tag this as rumor for now . 
  wow nice catch . 
  goddamn it jeter . 
  damn that looks bad , but specially because of the way he did it . 
  do n't worry [ pitchers can also get in on the bat fighting action ] ( http://youtu.be/mhxmipx5q3w ), 
  joking aside i expect a long suspension from this . 
  i thought he talking about the gif ( those a cuban players i do n't remember the names ) not the marichal picture . 
   the first news came via ign 's russian team , ** who were traveling with a larger group of russian journalists and the sony representative ** who was the original source of the story . 
  well that guy just got fired . 
  ( how many people at sony you think fit into that ... ) also was n't the author of this apology was basically [ blaming sony for the `` misunderstanding '' ] ( https://twitter.com/stevebutts/status/475706346759655424 ) just earlier today . 
  that said i wo n't lied and say i was n't concern about the tlg , i know team ico is a small team but i did n't expect it to be this long in development . 
  so i can understand why ign believe the source . 
  do not personally attack other users . 
  enjoy a 24 hours banned . 
  it 's coming to the pc also is n't it ? 
  the division is looking good . 
  did they announce anything for the kinect ? 
  i saw nothing for it , i do n't see how that product will survive to be honest . 
  ( although i feel the same way about the ps camera ), 
  anyone in nyc going to the theater thing ? 
  the twitch stream is up , but ign and ustream are both down for me . 
  the middle was so unnecessary and when they starting talking about tv show god that was so horrible . 
   q : what is `` on your mark '' ? 
    on your mark is a 6 minute and 40 second music promotion film for the japanese rock duo , chage & aska . 
  miyazaki wrote the original story and screenplay , and directed it . 
  it was released in theaters with `` mimi wo sumaseba '' in 1995 , and also screened at c&a 's concerts . 
  yea i can set that up if there in enough interest . 
  done , there should be a monthly thread up the 15 of every month . 
  i 'm the opposite for me in most cases matte  glossy . 
  era back up to the 2s , but that should have been only 1 er . 
  i wonder what 's with people using fake dominican passports , even kim jong il 's son was also caught using a [ fake dominican passport in japan . 
  * because * he had just walk someone and that pitch might have been right down the middle . 
  world cup and ~ ~ baseball ~ ~ basketball references in comments , am i the only one watching a baseball game ? 
  well looks like someone decided mass downvote everything in here . 
  even ichiro is like wtf are you swinging at that man . 
  ohh shit 2 times we have done that , wow . 
  wtf was that head shot . 
  it 's metal gear , kojima probably code that himself . 
  come on , why run on that /, 
   looks like somebody does n't want to get dfa, 
  who 's getting designated for assignment ? 
  oh i thought some one was , i had just tuned in . 
  you think the engine bay is empty ? 
  do they have multiply ft-1 ? 
  because there is video of it ( or one of them ) moving under its own power at cars and coffee . 
  waiting for this is the only reason i 'm still watching the game . 
  if we are to believe [ their blog post ] ( http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/observations-internet-middleman/ ) from a couple months ago than i will say this is a good thing . 
  but i 'm not sure it will make any difference in the grand scheme of things . 
  i read the title a couple of times and i did n't notice this until this comment . 
  i 'm guessing this is why people are reporting the post ... 
  nope ... the only thing i can do is remove it , but it 's big enough news that that it should be on the front page , so i wo n't be removing it because op is an idiot . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  tagged as misleading . 
  welp , still early , still early . 
  removed as it 's a duplicate , and the title is editorialized/sensationalized titles , rules in the sidebar - , 
  i did , the article is not misleading but the title here is ( which is why i tag it as misleading title ) the title implies all indie music labels will be block ( implying that artists will be force to join a big label to have their music on youtube ) however if you see at the end , the youtube spokesman told the bbc that, 
   `` we are excited that hundreds of major and independent labels are already partnering with us . '', 
  they have indie labels who are not being block . 
  youtube will only block labels that do not sign licensing deals . 
  also this, 
   the bbc understands that even if blocks do go ahead , content from artists signed to independent labels will remain available on youtube via channels such as vevo . 
  and the title here is not the same as the one on the bbc site , which it 's better because it implies that it 's related to the music stream service unlike the title here on reddit which cuts off that part . 
  soriano has a hit . 
  woot . 
  that 's interference ? 
  the hell is happening ? ... . 
  that was all around weird , that should n't have been call interference . 
  post it again and you are banned . 
  just after i tune in kuroda when from not having a hit to giving up 2 runs :(, 
  taken from / r/bonsai, 
  lol at the pitcher pointing . 
  woot first game in a while that i 'm able to watch from the beginning !, 
  did he leave the bag ?!, 
  hope not !, 
  crap , i think it will be call an out :(, 
  not sure from one of the replays he looked out for i hope they say it 's too close to call . 
  60 pitches in the 3rd , hopefully the next couple inning are quick/low pitch ones because at this rate it will be a short outing by tanaka . 
  do we really want david price ? 
  i do n't know why but i do n't want him to be a yankee . 
  come on we could n't get a hit on that , shit . 
  well nice play by the pitcher . 
  well i 'm out . 
  advocating piracy will get you banned .
