  can you imagine ... 
  it 's ps now for europe . 
  it 's already in beta in the uk , it should n't be that long . 
  ps now is sony 's online game streaming service , it basically allows you to play ps3 games on a ps4 , vita , or a television ( i think sony and samsung ones support it ) without the need for a console . 
  also check / r/playstationnow, 
  finally , god i hate day games when i have to do anything . 
  ( love them when i 'm free lol ) at least i get to watch the last 2 innings ( or more ? ) . 
  how did big mike look today ? 
  saw limp too , hope it 's nothing . 
  that probably one of the best he has done , anyone know at what time do they upload the full interview to cc site ? 
  before the run up to the iraq war there were articles about how iraq was close to getting a nuke . 
  turns out journalist did n't do there jobs and the stories were planted by the white house . 
  then assholes like donald rumsfeld use them as examples in interviews to convince the public to go to war . 
  heh i thought the admins where going to make something like gold but `` reddit carbon '' when they asked me for that subreddit the other week . 
  nice job btw probably the best dark theme i have seen . 
  link to said picture ? 
  ... usually worse . 
  hahahahahaha < 3 fan . 
  damn it i just delete a comment trying to edit it ... 
  anyways anyone know what ss we could get to replace dd if he does n't improve ? 
  is n't his batting not good , iirc last year he had a < 200 avg . 
  i hope we trade for someone . 
  i 'm sorry , but that replay was hilarious . 
  a rod < 3, 
  dude who caught it gtfo of there before he gets jump for the ball . 
  [ video here ] ( http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/2015/05/02/14-413989-2015-05-01/web_cut/mlbtv_97083583_1200k.mp4 ), 
  wow this subreddit is narrow, 
  this has the lowest width i have seen of any subreddit stylesheet . 
  i wonder what how it looks when a comment thread gets a few comments deep . 
  quick question what 's the estimate start time for the pacquiao v mayweather fight ? 
  ( sorry if it 's been ask before i 'm on a phone app that 's a pita to use ), 
  thank you, 
  maybe i 'm just too drunk this type of fighting the reason boxing has lost such . 
  i had a great night but the boxing was the least fun part of it . 
  so much running , i guess i should had expect to that since i am pretty sure i said the same thing after the the lahoja v mayweather fight, 
  sony has been very cautious about how they want to portrait morpheus , i do n't think they want people to get a bad image of the product . 
  like when [ they had a this trailer at the tgs press conference and were going to have a showfloor demo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cp1j0-uo9pq ) ( may not want to watch this around people ) but many people thought it was creepy , and there were more than a few stories about the `` creepy sony vr demo '' , so they pulled it from the showfloor . 
  they said it was because they did n't have enough morpheus units or some pr reason like that , so this `` too stressful '' probably them trying to avoid negative press here too . 
  search `` creepy sony vr demo '' you will get a bunch of stories about it w/o even having to put the demos name in the search . 
  you think they will trade gomez or segura ? 
  we could kinda use an ss or outfielder ... 
  good !, 
  maybe we will see a better fight than last night . 
  cashman said we are not paying :(, 
  oh destruction porn movies are some of my favorite , i 'm guessing i will be seeing that one . 
  shit strike zone . 
  see that shitty ump . 
  i doubt it 's to hide it , since their css is pretty bad . 
  i 'm guessing there are other factors . 
  my point is that they are updating it manually , i 'm pretty sure this subreddit uses a bot . 
  having a mod doing things like that manually it 's going to get outdate , even if it 's w/o malice . 
  it 's just a badly run subreddit . 
  come on , no green light ? 
  5 straight balls ... whats happening ?!?!? 
  has yet to throw one in the zone ... 
  i do n't like the way miller is pitching today . 
  to me he has n't been pitching well this whole inning ( most have been balls ) . 
  it 's a good thing that the player he has face till now are shit . 
  looks like some downvote you for that which is sad since i ca n't see how anyone can call his pitching this inning good . 
  allegedly ,, 
  the rumor about the jays stealing signs are so old that i have a hard time believing they are real . 
  the fuck was that ? 
  that what i 'm thinking that thing was in the air for like a minute . 
  why is tex not in first ?!!!!!!, 
  2 bad fielding plays this inning, 
  ~ ~ it 's show it as earn for me . ~ ~ it 's fixed now . 
  it feels so great to turn on the game and see us do something good . 
  as long as it 's not a phone ... ... 
  does cd projekt red do region locking ? 
  they always been about being open and unrestricted . 
  by your logic , how do they know that they are making money if they do n't know where the keys are coming from ? 
  they could be stolen for all they know . 
  i ca n't believe so many people are taking gmg 's side , selling gray market keys is a shitty practice . 
  that hurts the developer and the consumer , since those keys usually come from `` poorer '' market that ca n't afford the regular price of a game , things like this is why developers use region locks and drm on those key . 
  but since cd projekt red one of the most fairest/pc friendly developer there is taking advantage of them not using region locking and drm is pretty shitty imo . 
  it was , but the first one was not imo . 
  i want to do that , google that right now . 
  edit : lol you can have your wedding there . 
  really ? 
  hahah i went to get something to eat must have miss it . 
  they are an unauthorised seller , making them the gray market ( that what gray market means ) . 
  the original keys were legit but considering the price , they come from one of the special markets were games are sold at a lower price , unless you are trying to tell me that gmg are so generous that they are taking a lost on the keys ? 
   there are region locked versions of the witcher 3 , so stop jumping to conclusions when you do n't have the facts . 
  only the stream version is afaik , gog , and even that brazilian store have no region lock . 
  damn the just needed a little more wind . 
  damn that comment was cold !, 
  i like it . 
  he is doing that gluten free thing , the announcers have mention it on almost every game he does something ... 
  what happen to him ? 
  just a couple of years ago he was hitting very well , how did he drop off that badly . 
  would have been a double play anyways but that pick off felt good . 
  wait , what 's a-rods walk up song ? 
  the animation leads me to believe that it 's fake . 
  it 's hard for me to get excited about videos like this , because of how many talented people there are out there that can produce high quality 3d models and how easy it is to get your hands on great game engines . 
  but afaik smooth animation is still pretty hard to do . 
  they need pitching , same with the jays . 
  i saw a stat for the last month where the blue jays were number 1 in run score and runs given up , and boston was right there in the 2 spot iirc . 
  i think we should give him a chance to break the record . 
  i know if that were me i would love the chance to break it . 
  i felt old when i had to look up what that meant . .
