  ! , do n't put it in the middle, 
  completely agree . 
  double !, 
  man today looks like it would have been a good day to be at the game . 
  if they make it to land unassisted by the coast guard or navy they get permanent residency ( or citizenship i ca n't remember ) but if they are caught in the water they get deported . 
   yet-to-be-released snapdragon 820 soc . 
  it is expected to come with 4gb ram , pack in a 4,500 mah battery , and feature a fingerprint recognition system . 
  in terms of camera , the handset is rumoured to sport a 21mp sony exmor rs imx230 cmos sensor , with 4k video recording support and hdr capabilities . 
  and the body is build with adamantium and the glass is made out a a unicorn 's horn ... 
  i would have at least relocate the statues . 
  but maybe they did , the articles did n't mention it . 
  welp guess that 's it . 
  this was a terrible game , specially defensibly . 
  japan is getting wreck, 
  are all our players bigger than japans ? 
  it looks like it on my tv, 
  why did it have to be on a wednesday ? 
  that should have been a saturday or sunday , when i 'm free from work . 
  sammy and mark mcguire made americans interested in baseball again that 's probably why he got the parade . 
  although i watched the whole game yesterday , sadly i do n't think many people are interested in women 's soccer . 
  even worse , hopefully the best deals are on a reasonable time . 
  it 's more about not being able to be on a pc ( or phone ) when the deals appear since i 'm guessing most of these will be gold deals that will have a time limit . 
  please do n't use link shorterners your post will get auto removed by the spam filter . 
  all the pictures i had seen of that statue made me think it was in a very remote place , kinda like the genghis khan one in mongolia . 
  not the first time something like this has happen , a while back there was a theme that got you the full game . 
  i wonder what else there is out there with `` bad '' codes . 
  i did this on / r/nasa by hiding the mod link flair with css lol to non-mods . 
  but yea it 's not ideal and i probably would n't use it in any other subreddit . 
  completely agree some people are already paranoid about adding mod . 
  iirc like a year or so back , a mod of a sub i was interested in modding , asked me to friend him on facebook if i wanted to mod . 
  this would just make it worse , although i agree something needs to be done but such a system would be a bad idea imo . 
  although i personally did n't mind ellen pao , it 's clear she became a distraction . 
  so i think this is a great decision , specially bringing back / u/spez ca n't wait to see what he does . 
  but damn it , i was waiting for the right time to make an anti gold , anti-pao comment to farm reddit gold , before my runs out in a week . 
  hehehe first a weird commercial break now my game is bilingual . 
  since you guys have been hyping up refsnyder for as far as i can remember , i expect big things although i guess he going to go throw an adjustment period . 
  a-rod < 3, 
  i actually like reynolds on the mlb network show but ca n't say the same for his game announcing . 
  only throwing fastballs seems to work for bartolo , knowing what you are getting does n't mean you are hitting it . 
  that was horrible, 
  wait , how was the murphy error consider an earn run ? 
  i will see how the community feels about it , however there are tools in place to report users to sony which is what people should be doing . 
  posting in this sub does nothing . 
  only one user has been ban as a result of this and it was a 5 day old account whose sole purpose was selling stubs . 
  i should have probably read what i wrote ... 
  this is shocking i 'm knew he had health problems but i did n't think it was that bad . 
  i feel him passing away will have a big effect on nintendo . 
  i do n't get why they are waiting so much between pitches , i liked what frazier did he got 2 homers one after the other fairly quickly . 
  that 's what they should since there is a time limit and all . 
  oh did n't know that , but that kinda suck it gives an advantage to shot/line drive homers over the high and long homers which i my favorite during the derby, 
  so far the person who has gone second has won in all rounds, 
  that dave and buster cm makes me mad . 
  9 is not bad . 
  dude is pitching for strikes . 
  why does n't reds subreddit use the game posting bot that 's on all the other team subs . 
  kinda which i could see highlights and individual lines . 
  `` bendable smartphone '' the display is the only thing that bends and that technology is old , i remember sony had a bendable display prototype since the early 2000 / late 1990 , that shit was even on modern marvels many years ago . 
  # 4 has been available since the 1980s , i forget what it 's call but it uses electricity to change the opacity of the glass . 
  virtual reality shopping ? 
  the hell is that shit ? 
  looks like a regression of what we already have , we can already do all our shopping online ( in major cities anyways ) the the biggest reason of going to a store is to see what you are getting . 
  why would you go to this ? 
  i love cano but goddamn him , he loves this park i guess . 
  goddamnit , now how do i cancel ... . edit : cancelling was supper easy ... 
  any mobile friendly streams ? 
  good thing it was n't a phone ... . 
  we are going to use betances again ... why ? 
  do we really have no one else . 
  but we use him almost everyday even when we are up by many runs . 
  damn good thing i did n't change the channel ... 
  new game !, 
  damn so close to a bomb fucking wing ~ ( probably ), 
  ahahahahah ( ^ ... i ^ was ^ actually ^ going ^ to ^ stop ^ watching ^ it ^ too ... ), 
  if he does , it would make him the oldest player to do so . 
  god damn it beltran at least try to make a play . 
  oh we are getting no hit ... edit : that was quick , thanks dd, 
  lol defense . 
  dellin 's breaking pitches has n't been good in the past couple of games . 
  kinda concerning . 
  ninja edit !, 
  call it / r/binders . 
  i do n't see how that would be possible , hdmi only transmit video and audio ( with some exceptions ) , and that would in no way harm your tv . 
  i had to search what an element tv is , and it looks like it 's a very low end tv brand i think that may be your problem . 
  this is apparently the new company site , first time i have seem a company use the new . xyz tld . 
  it would so fucking great if ~ ~ / u/baseballbot ~ ~ had a subreddit , where it would post a game thread after each game is over , we could just go there a look at all the highlights and score without having to go to individual reddits , lots of which do n't even have ~ ~ / u/baseaballbot . ~ ~ just a thread with nothing in it , sometimes just the line up badly formatted . 
  i 'm always disappointed when i see a gamethead without him . 
  edit : looking it over it looks like subreddits that have gamethreads with highlights like the yankees subreddit , use a fork of / u/baseballbot . 
  was wondering the same thing , definitely not a fan . 
  i been to the redsox sub , other than the fact that they have a really shitty and unusable stylesheet , they were pretty cool . 
  ** mods !, 
  you guys/gals should have automod remove comments from accounts with negative comment karma , there are more than a few in this thread . 
  ( i have the am rule , if you want it ), 
  done . 
  holy shit ! , beltan !, 
  ^ ( ^ sorry ^ i ^ wanted ^ you ^ to ^ get ^ dfa ^ earlier ^ in ^ the ^ season ... ^ like ^ last ^ week ), 
  maybe it 's just me but i feel like they pitch more around arod than they do tex. 
  idk why since tex has the better numbers . 
  if there is one positive thing about a skynet style robot uprising , it 's that umps wont be shit . 
  sano is that kid from the documentary on netflix , right ? 
  or is it someone else ?
