  they still sell them , and are apparently popular in asia . 
   tokyo , april 7 , 2014 -- hitachi-omron terminal solutions , corp. ( `` hitachi-omron terminal solutions '' ) today announced that the number of hitachi cash deposit / cash recycling atm , ht-2845-v in operation in india has exceeded 1,000 . 
  hitachi-omron terminal solutions is the first manufacturer who achieved more than 1,000 cash deposit / cash recycling atm in service in india . 
  also, 
   `` in japan and china , we have achieved more than 100,000 units in each market , and also , in terms of automated deposit terminal ( adt ) , we have no. 1 market share in thailand , indonesia , malaysia and taiwan . 
  as a leading company of cash recycling atm , hitachi-omron terminal solutions will continue to expand cash deposit atm business and create efficient cash management with cash recycling technology in india . '', 
  if it 's just a link in a self post it would be removed . 
  it needs to have more than just a link , post without context will be remove just like before . 
  also we have never outright banned images we just removed the bast majority of them so it looked that way , i actually expect even less images to be posted now but if that does n't happen we can always revisit the rule . 
  i know stanton is only 25 but damn that 's a lot of money and years . 
  well best of luck to him , and the marlins . 
  ha , did n't notice that . 
  it 's fixed now . 
  the gives credit but i wonder if he will share the profits ... 
   currently being suppressed on reddit, 
  it 's not , it got 500 upvotes and 200 comments in / r/documentaries . 
  just because some subreddit communities did n't like your post does n't mean it 's a conspiracy . 
  i ca n't believe how many conspiracy nuts are on reddit lately . 
  they did n't disabled it , they just hide it . 
  hell i did n't even notice they did that when i last visited since i turned off the stylesheet for that subs months ago . 
  hiding the downvotes is pretty much useless , does n't work on apps , can be bypass by res by just clicking one button . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  another picture from it looks there is bunch of police already there , also cnn is saying 2 student were shot , are on the way to a hospital . 
  edit : i got to say cnn internationals converge of this is/was great ( no sarcasm ) they put up a breaking news banner , then said what was happening and reported that 2 victims were the way to a hospital . 
  finish by saying that this was still developing and move to a different news story . 
  when did you order yours ? 
   gwar * has always *, 
  so like 4 months . . 
  if it 's free shipping and if i remember , i will be picking up a couple just because . 
  that 's the censored version , in the original the girl in the couch is the one that says '' `` a life of dubious virtue . '', 
  they had to change it to air it in other countries . 
  according to this post , they are doing a preorders lottery ( at least for japan ) if that 's true elsewhere , then chances of getting one are very small . 
  removed , it was sony pictures that got hack , not sce . 
  so unless there is new info stating otherwise this is not relate to playstation . 
  great job last time !, 
  i was actually going to message you to see if you wanted to make and run the thread today ( since i may not be on close to the time of the launch ) but i forgot ... 
  still it 's better you do it in comments that way you get comment karma since you do n't get anything with self posts . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  removed . 
  do not : personally attack other users . 
  there are better pictures in the auction website , plus they have a video . 
  mhh i 'm not sure if we are doing anything for this show ( hell i totally forgot it was today ) so i 'm just going to sticky your post . 
  ~ ~ but if a mod thread is made yours will probably get booted off ... . ~ ~, 
  i would be very surprise if they announce anything for playstation considering what happening tomorrow . 
  i think it 's upside down . 
  there will be a conference today . 
  has n't started yet . 
  it was a joke ... 
  blasphemy , attenborough  anyone else . 
  before i read the description i thought the mannequins photo was another cannibalism photo from the russian famine . 
   i smiled because i knew he was n't actually allowed to say its also available on pc . 
  you knew this because ? 
  since i doubt they care it even before the tim schafer came on stage they announce that street fighter v would be coming to both pc and ps4 on stage . 
  expected this ... 
  do n't attack user dude . 
  it 's probably a leak from the beta , btw . 
  i found it on a japanese site . 
  this is already implemented . 
  sony pictures is actually an american company , they are just own by a foreign one . 
  that was a ddos , not a hack and not related to this . 
  it was done by the same group that ddos xbox live and steam last week . 
  reuters is reporting every game has to pass through censors before being release , so i doubt they will have a big library . 
  [ look up reviews of amazon.com and you will find the same thing ] ( https://www.consumeraffairs.com/online/amazon.html ) , also you can use paypal on rokuten . 
  why do you think so ? 
  it 's much better than the chromecast , i own both . 
   the stupid little remote is a million times more inconvenient than just using my phone to control the chromecast . 
  i nearly threw the thing in the garbage when i typo 'd my 31 character wifi password the first time around . 
  you can use your phone as the controller with fire stick too ... the fact that you can do both is makes it better than the chromecast . 
   also it does n't have a free plex app for plexpass subscribers , and damned if i 'm forking over any more money for something that i already have working . 
  ... that 's on plex not amazon . 
  and just recently amazon ( they have done it multiple times ) gave the plex app to everyone for free . 
  what 's the justice here exactly ? 
  that kid looks like he about 8 , you really think he is doing that because he wants to ? 
  i guess he should have pull himself up by the bootstraps and gotten a job / s, 
  the law  your opinion . 
   i have a lumia 1020 , and while i am definitely wanting to switch to android , the only thing holding me back is that there does n't seem to be any super cameras for android phones !, 
  what about the panasonic dmc-cm1 ? 
  also / r/windowshots, 
  they are a subsidiary not a division , subsidiary is a separate legal entity from it 's parent company for the purpose of tax law , regulation etc. 
  and they most fallow the laws of the country they incorporate in . 
  the laws in this case being the united states laws . 
  both of those phone where announce at the same time back in august ( ? 
  ) , i remember reading about them in this subreddit ... 
  ao pretty much means a game is doa , no one is going to carry it . 
  and even if sony and ms decide to sell it digitally , they would n't do it because of all the negative press it would get them . 
  everything that involves sex on video games usually creates a controversy like hot coffee or the gow sex mini games , ( although for games like gow controversy sell copies . ), 
  during this years , [ tgs sony was going to release this 3rd party morpheus demo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur6wcw86jyw ) , but they had to pull it after all the negative press it got them , i wont deny it 's creepy but it was n't even a sex game , and it was not by sony but they were the ones that got all the negative press from places like polygon . 
  ( although you could argue that they deserves it for showing it at the keynote/conference . ), 
  now imagine if they release one of those japanese sex games , it was cause a shit storm and it would damage the brand too much . 
  that 's probably true but without one them or steam it will be pretty hard for a company for invest money into making a porn game . 
  op 's question brings up bioware and gta , and asks `` whats the harm in just going up a few years and making it porn ? 
  '' , well the harm is that they wo n't be able to sell it on the traditional game markets ( such as xbone/ps4 ) and wo n't make as much money . 
  op and anyone who is interested check out / r/vue , we need more users there ( there pretty much nothing there right now ... ), 
  playstation vue will also be release on the ipad , iphone etc , devices that have nothing to do with playstation 4 so no it 's not like / r/ps4netflixap it 's more like / r/netflix . 
  the amount of people in this thread that ca n't seem to follow what 's going on in this video , makes me wonder how in the hell you understand movies . 
  videos goes like this, 
  the present | the past | the present again, 
  start of video , red scooter is there | two months ago , first meeting .
