  that 's kinda bs of google if truth . 
  you think it be like it is , but it do n't . 
  did n't he says something about not pre-announcing his retirement , like jeter did ? 
  or is he expected not to play next season ? 
  edit : found what he actually said . 
   `` what derek jeter is doing is fine because he 's derek jeter . 
  what mariano did is fine because it 's mariano , '' he said . 
  `` but i do n't know if i 'm going to go through all that . 
  i 'm not going to wake up and be like , ` i 'm going to play this year and then not anymore . ' to me , it 's going to be how things go through the season and how i feel , and then i 'm going to be like , ` mama , it 's over . ' i 'm going to let her know . '', 
  damn it op , i thought this was a announcement ... anyways tagged as rumor . 
  a wave hit it . 
  i do n't get how t mobile always gets a pass with their stuff but now we see comcast doing the same , and now it 's bad . 
  it was bad from the beginning the was just waiting to happen . 
  juan marichal had a pretty interesting one . 
  ctrl + f snow crash , before making a comment about uncle enzo . 
  the mafia is my favorite franchise in the book . 
  i do n't know rick ... 
  i do n't think i can stay subscribed to this sub for 18 months . 
  got shadowrun returns as well . 
  well at least now i know it 's not my connection . 
  `` biggest night in gaming '' lol, 
  agent ? 
  edit : nope, 
  pizza , the answer is always pizza, 
  i was n't able to watch the stream but from the comments here it sounds like it was disappointing . 
  ... how does one not get arrested for something like that ? 
  that looks like a horrible photoshop job . 
  well looked a lot better than i thought . 
  hell the aesthetic look great . 
  + it has christoph waltz and samuel l. jackson but ... why is tarzan wearing jeans/chinos ? 
  this is bothering me more than it should . 
  they have this for the ps4 too . 
  it was dissolved in 2012 . 
  there are more reason than just that for uhr displays , i remember people were saying the same thing you are saying about wqhd displays , which seem to be the standard now for high end phones these days . 
  small ? 
  it may only be a small difference in western alphabet but it 's huge in the japanese/chinese ones hell the first 2 do n't even look like same thing . 
  just a note , the sony that makes batteries and the one that makes phones are 2 different companies/subsidiaries ( sony energy devices corporation vs sony mobile communications inc. ), 
   sony says that it hopes to have production-ready sulfur batteries in consumer devices by 2020 . 
  and censor as fuck . 
   every week portions of the korean web are taken down by government censors . 
  last year about 23,000 korean webpages were deleted , and another 63,000 blocked , at the request of the korea communications standards commission ( kcsc ) , a nominally independent ( but mainly government-appointed ) public body . 
  in 2009 the kcsc had made just 4,500 requests for deletion . 
  its filtering chiefly targets pornography , prostitution and gambling , all of which are illegal in south korea . 
  but more wholesome pursuits are also restricted : online gaming is banned between midnight and 6am for under-16s ( users must input their government-issued id numbers to prove their age ) . 
  oh i 'm so fucking glad i was too lazy to get my cc and used paypal instead earlier today . 
  edit reading other things i 'm still probably screw anyways having log in just before all the fuck up . 
  he still fire a shot out of a window ... also shooting a gun after an argument does n't seem like the most stable thing to do . 
  well psvr it is for me ( if price right and by right i mean lower than that ) . 
  as i would also need to upgrade my gpu for the rift plus that price tag yea ... 
  i 'm not all that sold on vr to invest that much money . 
  anyone else feel crushing difficulty is easier on these games than the ps3 ones ? 
  this happens every time there is a new product the ps4 was listed at # 600 before the price was reveal . 
  for like a week before they went back to netflix, 
  yep , if it does n't we would just have another cuba . 
  global conspiracy to get rid of centenarians , obviously . 
  basically at any given day only a small fraction of reddit sees a post , so for many of us this is new . 
  looking good . 
  only things i would adjust are the tabmenu and search bar . 
  for the menu i would n't make it bold and for the search , i would alight it with the announcement bar . 
  good job so far !, 
  you should remove the dead account on top of you guys . 
  btw i would change the logo to this one . 
  ( [ white ] ( https://twitter.com/playstation/status/643702399492722689 ) | [ black ] ( http://www.jp.playstation.com/psvr/ ) ) it 's the official psvr logo . 
  though it 's as plain as it gets, 
  no , does n't seem like he is doing this as part of his job , so google has no reason to give him another one . 
  the title seems to be different in the alternative poster . 
  and it does n't look like matt damon . 
  maybe they will allow you to use your xbox live id , like they do ( used to ? ), 
  with psn id ? 
  agree what a waste , seems like the writers needed an excuse to remove the rpg from the story . 
  i just hope there is a version w/o the camera since i already have that ,, 
  they showed this car before as the bugatti vision gran turismo , a couple months back . 
  people thought that was bodykit on a veyron but it looks a lot more like this car . 
  you should delete the pic from imgur . 
  since it 's still visible . 
  i hope that the inclusion of this is a sing that the release is not that far off , since there was a rumor that it got delay until fall . 
  agree , i think it looks better than the platinum . 
  you should port style of the submit/screenshots/etc buttons from / r/ps4discussion although i would n't lave it as thick as the ones there . 
  animation is the biggest problem , no matter how realistic the cgi looks the motion almost always look unnatural . 
  but yea i think it will . 
  someone is even trying to make a film with incredibly photorealistic characters . 
   the device also comes with an accompanying pair of cone-shaped ear pieces that communicate with the neckband , in the event you want a more traditional headphone-like experience . 
  it 's in the article . 
  better story than the good dinosaur . 
  anywhere , one can buy high quality prints of these ? 
  :( looks like i 'll be at work during the press conference . 
  i got it for $ 20 ~ last year . 
  i see it on sale all the time . 
  they had a great solution during the first few of years of the ps3 , but apparently it was being abused so publishers had sony change it . 
   ### playstation vr :, 
   * what 's in the box ? 
   * vr headset, 
   * what other accessories can i buy or is possibly required ? 
   * playstation move controllers, 
   * playstation camera ( required ), 
  it comes with earbuds , [ here is everything that 's in the box . 
  ] ( https://farm2.staticflickr.com/1714/25697407392_4e65e6b950_z.jpg ), 
  psvr has glasses support . 
  i remember yoshida talking about it and this . 
   a simple headband , and gentle rubber eyepieces fit over glasses easily .
