  what 's been happening with cubs and chicubs ? 
  lol there is still a solarte flair on this subreddit flairs list . 
  what was that haha . 
  i will take it ,, 
  is it snowing in detroit ? 
  40 pitches kinda feel bad for price , looks like horrible day to pitch . 
  ha you called it . 
  haha just notice it 's not snowing anymore , how piss most price be hahaha, 
  inb4 we also have a 50 pitch inning . 
  the fuck didi, 
   w : betances ( 3-0 ), 
  hehe betances has the most wins in team ... 
  the hell was samartjza doing . 
  shit was calming down and he got into a fight with someone i could n't see who . 
  i did see a manager knock down . 
  the problem is the mlb broadcast is only showing ventura , saying f you . 
   reminds me of early 90 's baseball with a media panic on the amount of fights and the escalation of violence . 
  brings back memories . 
  which is super entertaining to me , i 'm loving your games right now . 
  i was going ask , how in the hell you even hit that ? 
  but it looks like you do n't ... 
  i have n't heard this said on the mlb broadcast , but yea the camera angle they showed only shows ventura saying something you could n't see eaton . 
  this seems very relevant right now . 
  the way i see it ventura got suspended for what he has done in his past couple of games . 
  cause i do n't see how what happened in this game warrants a 7 game suspension ( especially since eaton did n't get suspended . ), 
  also samardzja should have gotten the biggests suspension imo . 
  a-rod has n't had an xbh in a while now . 
  it looks disgusting but it does n't look like hitler to me . 
  what happen to nova ? 
  i thought he was coming back in a couple of months . 
  welp , i do n't think cc is done career wise but he needs to work on his stuff . 
  i do n't think we can continue sending him out there , if he continues pitching like that . 
  the guy from there also runs a mets subreddit , / r/mets also no one uses it . 
  i had forgotten how much i liked the girl in that music video and how old this video is , she is 55 now . 
  it 's a little more than unconfirmed hearsay actually . 
  sure , i just notice all the post in the front page are about that . 
  give me a second . 
  no , i removed that just now was just going to post a comment there telling you to post it here . 
  just link to it here . 
  the only link post that will be allow as a post for the duration of the mega thread will be news . 
  here in this thread . 
  in my opinion that 's a great discussion to have but honestly from looking at all the self post that been posted and downvoted you wont have much luck right now getting a discussion going . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
  i rewrote it , hopefully people will understand it better . 
  oh crap did n't notice this was on espn , was watching the wrong channel ... 
  welp but it 's early !, 
  if we are winning we need at least 1 run . 
  so it 's ok . 
  i like how that fat kid has a whole bucket of chicken ... 
  double rallies are the best type of rallies better than homers rallies !, 
  see doubles are so much more fun than homers . 
  dude in left needed a manny type cut off in the out flied . 
  the box is not steak and chips but full of all the money taco-bell paid him . 
  maybe because he earn the money ? 
  who the fuck just gives away money they earn, 
  lol he got the rbi, 
  lol was that the left fielder ? 
  since game of thrones started the `` online '' number has been going down . 
  and comment rate has slow down , 
  i wanted a 4 strikeout inning . 
  but ca n't complain betances has been on point lately, 
  voluntarily delisting does n't necessarily mean something bad has happen or will happen . 
  iirc their stock price was doing well , they were in no threat of being delisted which happens if the price falls below 1 dollar , i think . 
  but does mean lots is definitely going on behind the scenes at konami . 
  this is including `` chinese android '' how many western devs do you think publish into that ? 
  and it does n't look like it 's one store but many . 
  so still even according to this it 's still more profitable to publish to itunes than it is to use the play store . 
   google may not get any money from the chinese app stores - but developers do . 
  what is the chinese app store ? 
  from the article it looks like it 's more than one . 
  how many devs you think are going to be plublishing into them ? 
  apple it 's still a better choice for western devs, 
  because it 's a hassle ? 
  for potentially little reward , many devs did n't even support the play store for a while so i do n't imagine they are many maintaining so many stores . 
  anyways what 's your app ? 
   the entire point of the beginning og the discussion is that the reward is not small . 
  half of the revenue is in the chinese app stores . 
  admittedly it 's not half of my/our revenue but it 's significant . 
  it 's a hassles because of how much more works it takes to make money over ios [ look at this ] ( http://techcrunch.com/2015/04/27/android-surpasses-ios-in-revenue-if-chinas-android-app-stores-are-combined/, 
  ) from the same study . 
  you need 8x as many users in chinese stores to make the same among of money as itunes . 
  it 's 3 times as many on the play store . 
  that means a much higher marketing budget meaning a much higher user acquisition cost . 
   however , targeting various app stores on the same platform ( android ) is a question of spending 5 minutes uploading the same app on a new website . 
   targeting two different platforms requires twice as many full time employees . 
  that 's expensive . 
   however , targeting various app stores on the same platform ( android ) is a question of spending 5 minutes uploading the same app on a new website . 
  that 's my point , look at it like this , a dev want to develop an app , he can either develop it for apple or android . 
  if he goes with apple . 
  he one , does n't need as many user to make the same among of money as he/she would on android . 
  two , only have to deal with one company , something goes wrong with the android app you do n't just need to deal with google but with also maybe 5 or whatever chinese companies , also taxes . 
  so what you think he will do ? 
  he will target ios first like lots of apps have doing . 
  even if android technically has higher revenue from apps does n't make a difference if the cost is higher . 
  so rephrase my original it takes more work for the same among of money on android so it , so apple is still a better option for developers to publish on . 
  it does bussinessinsider did n't include it but here is another source . 
  you need 8x as many users in chinese stores to make the same among of money as itunes . 
  it 's 3 times as many on the play store . 
  i totally forgot warren was one of our starters ... 
  wow they have no confidence on that pitcher .
