  you know people from the pr ( and other us territories ) are us citizens right ? 
  added you to the approved wiki list you can now make changes to the, 
  i 'm guessing is because apps gets remove from the app store if your app has porn content , which would cut the biggest ( or second biggest ) mobile market from having a mobile app . 
  happen to a vine and a reddit app , a while back . 
  i think / u/hallucinathan is saying those app store policies are affecting the way sites govern their porn content for fear of losing that market/money . 
  try not to use link shorteners because your comment will get stuck in the spam filter . 
  i approve this one so it is ok . 
  hope , ortiz does n't walk off ... 
  edit : good good, 
  ... damn it . 
  time to sleep i guess . 
  guessing a-rod will also be suspended soon , anyone think he will retire ? 
  or banned from baseball ? 
  i actually like a-rod ... ( well i do n't dislike him ) but i think he 's been made the main `` bad guy '' in this whole thing that i think the suspension/verdict will be worst for him than other players . 
  [ call it !, 
  sort of ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/1iuadk/breaking_ryan_braun_suspended_rest_of_the_season/cb83k0l?context=3 ) but yea i think he will be banned , not sure if i agree but ca n't deny it will be a benefit for the yankees , so yay i guess . 
  do n't use link shorteners !, 
  it will get stuck in the spam filter . 
  i will approve it but please change it . 
  use this . 
  seems very limited . 
  it does n't look like it is a airplay mirroring type thing . 
  but a dlna type thing . 
  hoping i 'm wrong but they do n't seem to be showing anything else . 
  edit so it has some type of mirroring , it is beta though . 
  i still prefer airplay . 
  devs have to add the chrome cast feature to their apps for it to work . 
  i 'm almost certain that the hbo go / hulu/my cable app wo n't have it for months or even years in case of my cabe app ... 
  yep but it is already supported , i 'm talking about now having to wait the same amount of time ( if it ever comes ) . 
  i was n't clear in my original comment . 
  edit spelling . 
  [ this is bs these 3 guys are clearly staying away from this fucker for a reason . 
  looks like he is using link shorteners the spam filter on reddit automatically removes post with them . 
  the mods probably do n't know it was removed , someone should send them a message . 
  edit : looks like it 's back on the front page of iama . 
  ... i thought it was a weird pregnancy test stick . 
  naughty dog , answered this question on their iama . 
  you understanding ~ ~ this ~ ~ it wrong , apple was one of the main conspirators in the price fixing collusion ( to be able to compete with amazon ) . 
  the doj even had a bunch emails from steve jobs , and a draft where he basically admits to colluding with the publishers . 
  antonio bastardo, 
  everth cabrera, 
  francisco cervelli, 
  edit : hehe the mlb network is like , `` the yankees game now will be distracted with all the media that will be at the game , now lets go to our reporter at that game ... '', 
  edit 2 : mlb network a-rod officially suspended for 211 games . 
  can we change the title with css ? 
  i remember there was a rule of something about not changing title with css but it would be nice to to be able to change the title and have one sticky with many different thing highlighted in the title without making a new one for new stuff that i want to add . 
  although thinking about it it does n't seem beneficial but can we do it ? 
  the reason i ask , is because i do n't want it to look like a regular post ( it looks messy to have it like a regular post imo ) and to look more like a banner ( like remove author/flat-list thing etc ) , and if i ever need it too add to the title like a tag without using link fairs . 
  although maybe i can use flairs ? . . 
  well anyways , i will see if i can make flairs look like part of the regular title . 
  and as for mobile user part i was thinking would still see the regular title without the tags but will have a version of `` new '' title in the text area . 
  i do n't want to watch this anymore . 
  agree and considering loeb bailed on yahoo after installing mayers and shaking up the company , he made over a billion dollar profit on yahoo 's shares and yahoo is still struggling . 
  he would have done the same with sony if they had accepted his plan . 
  well at least it 's not as embarrassing as last night ... 
  sure swing at the ones that are a mile off the plate but take one in the middle ... 
  woot, 
  night . 
  thanks , this is much better than it was . 
  great way , to start to the game . 
  cano !!, 
  pics please . 
  why do you distinguish everything you post ? 
  so their source is apparently that there are dev kits with 12gb of ram and that 's why they will increase it on retail consoles ? 
  i 'm not saying it is not possible but dev kits always have more ram than consoles . 
  ahh i read that as dev kits ... anyways would be nice if it happens but i 'm still sceptical especially of that blog above which does n't even ( seem to ) have it 's own domain . 
  try / r/csshelp , not sure if i get what you want but you apply css to . approval-checkmark that 's only visible by mods ( i think . ), 
  that 's mostly for profiles etc , you can post a video link if you want . 
  if you are not what to post / or have question about the rules , you can always message us mods . 
  ahhh fuck do n't go away , fucking hate commercials . 
  edit : and nothing happen ... 
  damn !, 
  soriano is hot ! . 
  on a side note soriano 's bat looks very big ... for some reason . 
  damn !!!!, 
  this is the yankees i have been waiting to see all year !, 
  this could be amazing if done right , hopefully is also available on pc , android , etc. 
  because it would be great if i can finally watch tv without being ~ ~ tight ~ ~ tied to a box . 
  whoops, 
  if i remember correctly those are not permanent , so imo joker lips are * worse ( if it 's actually real . ), 
  did i miss something ? 
  the prices are not listed in this blogspam or the original source . 
  if you are talking about the rx100 price well that 's is worth it ( do n't know about the other camera ) but that is a full flesh camera this is not , and will most likely sell for less . 
  hehehehe, 
  release date . 
  new web store with profiles and shit \u00e0 la steam ( i thought they would do it on e3 but nope ), 
  1 . bundle that includes the eye . 
  game from naughty dog ( most likely uncharted but do n't think it will be a lunch game , probably holiday 2014 ), 
  game from sce santa monica ( hoping for new ip ) . 
  game from media molecules . 
  game from sce london . 
  ( they were supposed to be working on a move game ), 
  playstation tv ( only if the deal with viacom also includes europe , could also be at ifa and not call pstv ), 
  hoping for ps3 price cut . 
  not sure why you thought that , i doubt sony will let such a profitable franchise be only on the vita . 
   somehow this cnn host concludes that `` if our politicians can take on the prison lobbies , there really is hope for america . '', 
  except that abolishing all private prisons would make a negligible difference . 
   change the fucking criminal laws and procedures that are putting people in prison if you want to reduce the prison population . 
  not that complex . 
  i think the point of his comment is that the prison lobbies are the ones pushing for the laws that you want change .
