  which is why they removed it and intend to bring it back as an optional thing once they 've properly worked out the balance . 
  so , in order to become a political leader who really does work for the benefit of the people , one would somehow have to lose every shred of their humanity so they would n't have a human nature that could be corrupted by ambition and power ? 
  that sounds ominous , when i put it like that, 
  strange , how russia is legal successor of ussr when it gives russia a right to claim clay , but not when ussr is accused of something . 
  there 's a big difference in how the data is stored . 
  ram uses what are basically extremely tiny batteries , and each battery has its ' own set of machinery connected to it . 
  this is what makes reading data from ram very fast compared to a hard disk . 
  making batteries that small is expensive , and so is making all the other tiny pieces of machinery needed to `` read '' the information in those batteries . 
  a hard drive ( unless we 're talking about ssd drives , which i 'm not knowledgeable enough to eli5 ) uses a magnetized disk to store information . 
  there is a single magnetized reading head ( a bit like what you 'd see on an old gramophone ) reading and changing the magnetic charge on the spinning disk that stores the information . 
  since there 's only one larger mechanism for reading and writing all the separate sections of the disk ( rather than having a dedicated mechanism for every bit of information on the disk ) , the hard dis is cheaper , but much slower . 
  another critical difference is that the tiny batteries of ram quickly lose their charge if the computer is n't powered . 
  the magnetized disk of a hard drive does n't lose its ' magnetic charge even if the computer is turned off or the power goes out . 
  sadly no longer a guaranteed panic after the nerf . 
  but if joseph had n't been of the house of david , then in terms of jewish law , jesus would not have been either , thus failing to fulfill the prophecy . 
  i believe the full expression is '' * presumed * innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  really , the concept only means that the burden of proof is on the accuser . 
  if the accuser fails to provide that proof , then the accused is free to continue in being presumed innocent , but it does n't mean they provided the court with proof of their innocence . 
  courts can declare the accused innocent , if the accused manages to provide proof of their innocence , but doing that is so hard that it almost never happens . 
  when it does , it 's usually because someone completely messed up the investigation or if someone committed perjury in favor of the accuser . 
  however , nissan already existed when nissan.com was bought . 
  valve 's steam service did not exist when steam.com was bought . 
  man that makes me feel old . 
  i remember using that search engine way back ... 
  well , the penalty to keeping a weapon holstered is that you will need to draw it when combat starts . 
  i recall that certain full-action attacks allow you to make a free basic attack with your off-hand weapon in addition to the main hand attacks they provide . 
  do n't remember where exactly i saw that rule though . 
  could 've been a houserule . 
  for landing a well-designed stable jet plane , make your approach longer . 
  the farther away you are from the runway when you level out , the more time you have to make corrections = the easier it is to avoid crashing . 
  for a rocket or an unstable plane : lots and lots of parachutes . 
  edit : oh , and when parachute-landing a plane , you probably need some extra reaction wheels to keep the plane horizontal as it descends toward the ground , so it does n't crash from falling over on the ground . 
  bolters deal explosive damage , which grants a single extra hit when attacking a horde . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 've fixed this in the errata , but the rules-as-written could be interpreted so that you get two `` hits '' for every round that actually hits based on your bs test when you attack a horde . 
  i happened to do the math as i was preparing to run my first campaign and with a heavy bolter firing metal storm rounds you could get something like 30 or 40 hits/round against a horde if the rules are ( mis ) interpreted this way . 
  according to an online faq i found , this interpretation is wrong . 
  the correct interpretation would be : when targeting a horde with a bolter , you get the base amount of hits from the result of your bs test ( typical burst/full auto rules ) , then +1 automatic hit from dealing explosive damage and possibly +2 from the blast quality of metal storm rounds , if you 're using them . 
   but that 's extra hits , right ? 
  you still get the standard hit with no extra degrees of success ? 
  yes , with no extra degrees of success , you get a single hit ( +1 extra if it 's a power weapon . 
   but with the full-auto bonus it quickly becomes a +50 / +60 , maybe i will adjust it to +10 / +20 / +30 . 
  i recommend you do n't . 
  ranged weapons are supposed to get extra hits from their degrees of success , and rapid-fire , full-auto weapons are intended to be powerful against hordes . 
  nerfing the horde 's size bonus would probably nerf full auto weapons too much . 
  edit : if you 're worried about your players getting 100 for their target , do n't be . 
  if your players fire full-auto into a horde , they 're bound to hit something , are n't they ? 
  the roll is still significant , because it determines the amount of extra hits . 
  besides , a weapon jam is always an automatic miss , even if the target number is 100 or greater . 
  nice shot . 
  dat 30fps in the corner , tho ... 
  of the humans , the major for the sheer cool factor . 
  though my absolute favorite has to be the tachikomas , particularly as they came into their own at the end of sac and throughout 2nd gig . 
  it 's there on my 1050p monitor . 
  just barely , but there . 
  had to put my ear close to the monitor to hear it , though , on account of how loud my cpu and gpu fans are . 
  i favor several . 
  i 've got * canis root + bone meal + deathbell * for immediate damage + stamina dot + magica dot as the universal poison , whose parts are easy to get . 
  for tougher opponents , i lead with * deathbell + giant lichen + skeever tail * for poison vulnerability , instant damage and fast dot . 
  finally , a heavy duty anti-mage poison if the universal one is n't enough to stop their magic : * nirnroot + spider egg + nightshade * , which deals instant hp damage , stamina dot and also cripples magicka regen , in addition to the magica damage of the first poison . 
  ca n't recall the numbers off the top of my head , though . 
  after the memories of writing everything up came back , i immediately started examining the sheet , to see where i went wrong . 
  at first , i had been puzzled . 
  i had done my research . 
  i had spent a long time , thinking things through and considering the different options front side of the sheet . 
  the physical side : strength 11 , dex 10 , con 8 . 
  i knew i was going to be born into a civilized setting ; hit points would n't have mattered anyway against the guns and i 'd be smart enough to keep away from the hazards and diseases . 
  the mental side was the one i wanted to focus on for success : intelligence 17 , wisdom 15 , charisma 9 . 
  the base stats were imbalanced , cost me a lot of points , but there were ways to offset that . 
  i had included a number traits that counted as `` negative '' for points to balance out . 
  most of them did n't even count as bad things in my eyes . 
  i always tried to stay true to my starting alignment ( good , in this instance ) anyway , so i might as well get the extra points to pull it off . 
  i did n't understand . 
  there was nothing ... my eyes froze on the numbers . 
  i had messed up my math . 
  i had increased wisdom an extra two points and then forgot to balance it with another trait and a hit to charisma . 
  i had gotten greedy , tried to cheat to get better baseline stats . 
  and the gm had seen through it . 
  an extra trait , written in green to denote gm alteration `` mental disorder ( mild ) '' . 
  a comment , too : `` are n't a lot of those traits contradictory ? 
  i ca n't imagine a character with this many moral complications and restrictions staying sane . '', 
  so you start running into crazy men ? 
  you 're being far too generous about the baltic attitude toward the west . 
  it 's more like :, 
  anything the west says : 50 % propaganda lies . 
  anything russia says : 100 % propaganda lies . 
  not sure if this is true , but i did see something in estonian news about the cafe a few weeks back . 
  something about a shelter refusing to let the cafe take cats from them because the cafe had supposedly been sending cats back to ( different ) shelters for some reason . 
  i 'm not sure about all the details , honestly . 
  i just skimmed the article without paying too much attention . 
  it adds under ~ ~ water ~ ~ liquid air locks , but that 's about it . 
  fixed by using the pilot seat ( or any other seat ; or a bed/tent ) , for those that ca n't figure out how to fix it . 
  good news for you , then : novakids are already implemented in the unstable branch , and cf is hoping to push the big updates of the unstable branch into the stable branch sometime this month ( january ) . 
   that 's where one might claim they 're luddite - they have a fear of going beyond the best humanity can achieve . 
  purity says that 's far enough , while the others say it is n't . 
  i suppose that 's technically true , though honestly , the way i view is that purity is based around the idea that human potential is endless . 
  or that if there is some `` the best humanity can achieve '' line , then it has n't been reached yet . 
  to admit that humanity needs to redefine itself somehow to achieve greater feats is an admission of failure to purity . 
  hmm ... yes that probably is the reason why purity was the most appealing affinity from the start for me . 
  just fyi , valtheim towers is intended to be a high-level bandit encounter . 
  that road is supposed to be a sort of `` meat barrier '' that you should sneak around at low level , or take an entirely different route to get past ( the road near helgen is pretty safe ) .
