  then somehow blundered my way into having the most war score contribution in the crusade for jerusalem ... and then being the dumb scrub that i was , i noticed my vassals were getting prissy about too many held titles . 
  so i promptly switched to absolute cognatic and granted castile to one of my more competent unlanded daughters . 
  i then proceeded to lose jerusalem to islamic holy wars over the next two decades , because i did n't know how `` recently conquered '' modifiers worked . 
  only because spain placed some of its ' units under german control as expeditionary forces . 
  not only that , but alcohol producers themselves support this practice for all chemically-produced alcohol . 
  fermentation is an expensive procedure compared to just chemically synthesizing ethanol from water and carbon . 
  the reason this tax ( ostensibly ) exists , is to cover the government 's social and healthcare expenses associated with the negative consequences of alcohol consumption . 
  by early levels , i mostly mean the 20-50 range . 
  but the problem of slow leveling persists all the way to 100 . 
  your run without reinforcements was probably lucky to some degree . 
  also , reinforcements are not tied to the strategic mission type ; they 're tied to the specific objective type . 
  for instance , chest hack and vip rescue/capture objectives are guaranteed to call reinforcements at a certain point . 
  secure supplies by killing all enemies objective is not . 
  there 's also a chance for reinforcements to be called in each turn starting from when you break concealment , possibly up to twice per mission , since i 've never seen more than two reinforcement call-ins outside avenger defense . 
  as i 've understood it , the rapid response dark event guarantees reinforcements are called in on the first turn after concealment is broken . 
  doubtful that it was an intentional meltdown . 
  what i 've read of the incident is that it was an incompetent attempt at testing whether the `` emergency stop '' rods actually worked , because they wanted to make sure everything would look good for an inspection team that was due to visit the plant . 
  first she 's saying whites are a privileged majority that minorities need protection from . 
  but now suddenly she 's an easy target for persecution because she 's white . 
  it seems voltaire was right after all : if god did not exist , he 'd have to be invented . 
  the leftists have created their own narrative full of self-contradictory bullshit . 
  a number of us businesspeople have been implicated though . 
  incidentally , most of them are major donors of shillary , which might explain why certain media outlets do n't want to make a big deal out of it . 
   intel et al just emulate the cisc instruction, 
  wait what ? 
  what 's the rationale behind that ? 
  the paladin type is a viable build , but only experienced requiem players can pull it off from the start . 
  it 's a lot easier to pull it off by being a sword 'n' board warrior first , and then adding restoration magic once you get to 50 ha skill and get the battlemage perks . 
  edit : also , remember that requiem delevels the world . 
  going up in levels does not make encounters and dungeons any harder or easier . 
  the only thing in the world that changes in power ( perks , skills , equipment ) , is your character . 
  depends on what you 're trying to train . 
  for armor skills and block , train on mudcrabs . 
  for weapons wolves , or bears if you 're feeling brave . 
  for magic , aggro something a bit tougher , then exploit ai pathfinding to hide out of reach while you regen magicka between spells . 
  to get extra perks for other skill trees , you 'll also want to level your crafting skills . 
  alchemy and enchantment in particular become quite strong after you hit the 50 mark and downright op when you get past 75 . 
  smithing is great for heavy armor characters , since it lets you improve orcish armor to a very solid level of protection . 
  save up gold , try and buy evasion training on every level . 
  because that skill is nigh-impossible to train in any other way until the late game . 
  you basically need the perks unlocked at 50 evasion and glass or dragonscale armor to train the skill . 
  archery is best trained with soft targets that ca n't shoot back . 
  wolves , bears , light armor bandits who do n't have ranged weapons . 
  the same targets are good for training one handed . 
  you can also beat the heavy armor bandits 1v1 by dodging their power attacks and counterattacking before they recover . 
  do n't bother shooting heavy armor targets until you get the armor piercing archery perk . 
  just be careful with bandits that have 2h weapons , they might be able to trigger the instakill animation . 
  edit : oh , and it 's probably best to stay away from undead . 
  at low levels , archery and one handed have trouble dealing with their damage resistance . 
  here 's the thing : at this rate , you 'll be around level 60 by the time you reach evasion 50 , since leveling up a skill slows down . 
  hopefully , they 'll decide a volcano on a dominantly ice planet is allowed , but ice on a dominantly volcanic world is n't . 
  if this is a real thing , then it looks a bit big , imo . 
  might have some trouble with narrow bridges and such . 
  but it would definitely be cool to see something like this in aw . 
  an american flag ... stuck on a soviet motorcycle , huh ? 
  do n't use it wrong in english myself , but i can confirm `` fraktsioon '' in my language translates to `` faction '' in english . 
  if these companies cut down on their production due to reduced demand , they 'd probably be looking to sell the forest they 're no longer using , though . 
  it would make areas that were previously used by the paper and lumber industry available for conversion to farmland , which does n't get replanted . 
  you 're severely overestimating the amount of vegetarians in the world , as well as the amount of hindus . 
  the average percentage of vegetarians in developed countries is around 6 % , and this percentage is much , much lower in third-world countries . 
  if we leave out india , the world has less than 0.4 bn vegetarians . 
  india has an additional 0.5 bn vegetarians , which likely overlaps with the hindu population of 0.9 bn . 
  with a total of 1.25 bn people , let 's say india has 0.9 bn hindus ( 0.4 bn of these are also vegetarians ) and 0.1 bn non-hindu vegetarians . 
  so we get 1bn non-beef-eaters from india ( 0.9 bn hindus + 0.1 bn non-hindu vegetarians ) plus another 0.4 bn of vegetarians worldwide plus let 's say 0.5 people worldwide who do n't eat beef because they ca n't afford it . 
  this comes out to 7.125-1 .9 = 5.225 bn people who eat beef worldwide . 
  at low levels , light bows are good because the draw time of heavy bows can be crippling until you get faster draw perk . 
  but yeah , that 's pretty much it . 
  unless there 's some kind of synergy if you disenchant zephyr and put the faster fire rate enchant on a light bow . 
  now light crossbows on the other hand ... 
  not necessarily . 
  only player doing less is a requirement , effectively making every enemy a damage sponge . 
  then again , i love playing requiem where low level characters will lose against trolls 10/10 times , because they ca n't kill a troll before they run out of magicka or stamina and then the troll just regenerates back to full health and kills the pc . 
  it 's prevented an escalation to nuclear war , though , which was basically the whole point of the thing . 
  they probably crank out dlcs like that to fund the development of their other games . 
  that 's the thing , the `` walking around '' xp is so low , it breaks immersion . 
  you can easily reach 100 one handed , two handed and archery from just regular use , and still be below 75 evasion when you accomplish this . 
  moving around your camera to see which way their gun is pointing takes time and distracts you from other things if you do it with vanilla . 
  with lasers , you can detect enemy guns aiming at you in 3rd person view , even if you 're not looking in their direction to see what they 're doing . 
  which is why it 's considered cheating . 
  the frequency of failplatoons is likely related to the time of day and timezone you 're regularly playing at . 
  i could be wrong about this , but i 'm under the impression that puppets are obligated to trade you their surplus resources . 
  or something along those lines . 
  personally , i 'd create a daily power that goes through a long animation and grants armor experience at the end of it . 
  besides tutorial italy , i 'll probably go for finland first , to see how well i manage leading the winter war . 
  i definitely think undine was a character with a lot of potential that died too soon . 
  besides her , miria is my second-favorite , though it 's a bit hard for me to quantify why i like her so much . 
  probably a big reason is because her phantom step was such a cool technique when i first saw it in the anime . 
  should n't be too hard to mod it in . 
  it 's a new equipment type , `` bombs '' , required by ground attack units . 
  adds soft/hard attack depending on the bomb type . 
  in fact , it would be an interesting layer of depth to the manufacturing portion . 
  unlike with tanks and infantry guns , there is n't just a single superior upgrade . 
  you 'd want to have multiple different production lines producing different bombs . 
  and mechanics to restrict units from certain types of equipment already exist ... though i 'm not sure if this can be applied to air units . 
  you need to put two spaces at the end of the line , if you want a `` short '' line break . 
  like this :, 
  long break, 
  short break, 
  while you can probably hold off on it now , thanks to 4 being so close , hoi 3 with the black ice mod was an amazing experience . 
  oh , that 's good to hear about gibraltar .
