  as far as i 'm concerned , they should have rejoined their motherland by going back there , instead of demanding borders be shifted to their benefit . 
  yeah , my country 's been on the receiving end of the same kind of treatment as far as the language thing goes , and my stance on it is the same . 
  the russians both here and there are colonists settled into the region to replace the indigenous population . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , if they want to rejoin their great motherland that bad , then they 're free to move across the border back to russia . 
  trump 's stance is more about `` one-time massive dose '' vs `` single doses spread out over time '' . 
  he 's horribly wrong in believing the former is linked to autism , but it 's not anything as ridiculously brain-dead as actual anti-vaxxing . 
  that 's some pretty definite boob-plate there , so really , not that close at all . 
  you thinking they might come back with psi jump drives , psi soldiers and a crapton of fancy energy weapons ? 
  supporters ca n't either . 
  unless they turn off subreddit style to restore the button . 
   went all in to be in germany 's `` good books '', 
  this is the main reason why the baltics are playing along with the refugee crap . 
  solidarity in this matter is something we can bring up when we need their solidarity against russian inteference or sanctions . 
  i wonder how far we are from snowflake college students who identify as doctors and demand they be addressed by appropriate pronouns . 
  except 3 + selected should also return true . 
  the code you put in the pastebin would actually work for what op asked , if the not lines were removed . 
  well they 're technically correct . 
  the media was very unfairly favorable toward hillary . 
  the cultural and political situation in china is nothing like most people picture it being . 
  it 's communism in name only these days , and we 'll probably be seeing huge internal shifts there in the next few decades as the current generation of chinese leaders starts dying of old age . 
  the only reason preventing the shift is the old guard clinging to the past and because blind respect toward elders is far more ingrained in chinese culture than it is in western culture , so the next generation of leaders wo n't contradict them until they 've all died off . 
  or the hydraulic power and steam supply . 
  those look dangerously similar as well . 
  we can only hope . 
  that would completely collapse the block of fraudulent vote that are keeping the dem party competitive . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i do n't think it 'll transition into some kind of democracy . 
  most likely , china will transition into openly being a non-ideological dictatorship from the pretend-communist dictatorship it is now . 
  thank you for your contribution , tolerant sde shill . 
  how they left the position was very simple : they died . 
  the only leader of the ussr whose term did not end due to the leader 's demise was gorbachev , and that 's because the ussr fell apart . 
  cnn 's clip is completely fake news . 
  obama 's term is going to end period . 
  there 's no way for him to continue . 
  at this point , the only thing that can stop trump 's presidency is an assassination . 
  and even then , that just means mike pence becomes president . 
  failing that , house speaker paul ryan will become acting president until matters can be resolved . 
  and failing that , the president pro tempore of the senate , orrin hatch , takes the position , followed by the rest of the presidential line of succession . 
  it 's a woman disobeying a man 's will . 
  would n't be at all surprised if invoking takfir against the wife was completely accurate islamic doctrine . 
  there 's no meeting in the middle with the insane extremism of the left . 
  the right had been meeting in the middle for so long , that the left is now labeling what used to be the center as far-right fascism and demanding that we meet in the middle . 
  the only thing that happens when you meet in the middle with a leftist , is that they push themselves further left and demand you `` meet in the middle '' again . 
  yeah , and at what point are you going to realize wot has gone to shit and there are no quality tank games anymore ? 
  `` alt-right '' is not any kind of cohesive movement . 
  it has no definition other than as a slur that sjw nutbags throw around to discredit whoever they 're railing against that day . 
  that was all that the term originally meant , and then people `` accused '' of being alt-right just stopped giving a damn about it and accepted the label . 
  the label was recognized as an attempt to derail a discussion and make it about who is or is n't part of the `` evil '' alt-right . 
  stormfront is part of the alt-right . 
  / pol / is part of the alt-right hell , even gg is part of the alt-right according to sjws . 
  but alt-right is n't any one of these sub-movements . 
  admitting to be part of the alt-right does n't make you a part of stormfront , or / pol / or gg , specifically . 
  at this point , it 's pretty much just a common label for any movement which opposes sjw insanity , and sjws will perform incredible mental gymnastics to brand everyone on the alt-right as neo-nazis or whatever other evil movement they want . 
  the absolute highest authority was ( and still is ) the people , expressing their collective political will through elections to appoint officials into the various elected positions on federal and state level alike . 
  besides the people , the congress was effectively the highest federal authority . 
  not that it really meant much , because the federal government only really had authority over foreign policy and court disputes involving international maritime law . 
  internally , federal authority was completely dependent on the state governments cooperating with it . 
  if a state government refused to cooperate with the federal government , there was n't really much the federal government could do other than let the state do what it wanted . 
  needless to say , this was highly ineffectual in terms of governance and eventually led to the establishment of the presidency . 
  and even after that , the main `` who 's in charge ? '', 
  power dispute in the us was between state governments and the lower-level local authorities . 
  it was n't until the late 1800s that the federal government became powerful enough as a legal entity to even claim that it was in charge of the country . 
  absolutely terrible . 
  latvia 's red is the wrong shade , as is lithuania 's yellow . 
  and by what standard is the black on estonia 's flag the most prominent ? 
  this is n't even going into how horribly offensive your `` coincidental '' german connection is . 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ i ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ believe ^ ^ i ^ ^ managed ^ ^ to ^ ^ write ^ ^ that ^ ^ without ^ ^ bursting ^ ^ into ^ ^ giggles . 
  ^ ^ well ^ ^ done . 
  the crowds were n't smaller . 
  cnn compared a picture of obama 's inauguration at its ' height to a picture of several hours before trump 's inauguration , when the crowd was still building up . 
  we 're screaming about oppressive russia because ever since putin took power russia has been continuously attempting to meddle in our internal affairs and making military and diplomatic provocations . 
  take , for instance , crossing the border and kidnapping an estonian counterintelligence official from the estonian side because they were stepping on the toes of some oligarch involved in cross-border smuggling . 
  or the part where russia refuses to recognize the baltic states ' legal continuity with the interwar republics and insists they 're new countries created when the ussr dissolved ( which they are not ; the governments-in-exile since ww2 returned after the union collapsed , restoring old countries , not establishing new ones ) . 
  worst of all is absolutely ridiculous accusations of fascism and `` oppression '' of russian minorities . 
  the only `` oppression '' going on is that the baltics demand russian colonists who the ussr settled here against our will to integrate and actually speak our state language . 
  it 's equivalent to mexico demanding that the usa make spanish and official language and grant automatic citizenship to any illegal that gets across the border , except russia has nukes and a huge military behind those demands . 
  the only `` fascism '' going on is remembrance of baltic men that fought on the german side and the popularity of ww2 historical reenactment . 
  the underlying tone is pretty clear : russia does not consider independent baltic states to be `` real '' countries , but rather an anomaly to be `` corrected '' . 
  and do you seriously wonder why the baltics feel threatened by this attitude ? 
  reference to pussygate , afaik . 
  i 'm really quite surprised by how weak the lmg is , particularly compared to the heavy smg . 
  frankly , it seems absurd that compared at their most optimal ranges , a machinegun is less devastating than a submachinegun . 
  there are plenty of people who 'd rather not see the shitposts from r/funny or other shitpost-oriented subs on r/all , and yet t_d is the only one targeted with punitive measures . 
  heck , before bernie lost the primaries , his subs dominated r/all for a long while with their shitposts , but they never faced artificial suppression from the admins for it . 
  mostly , the everyone in the un sticks around so they can pretend they 're doing something about international disputes and crises in a civilized manner , without military posturing and nuke threats coming to the table all the time . 
  it 's an absolute monster when it 's top tier and equipped with the derpgun . 
  i 've earned several scout medals just driving straight across malinovka . 
  at that tier , pretty much the only way to kill one is to repeatedly hit the cupola with a derpgun . 
  the plot was to spark civil unrest and mutiny in the military and then have smedley butler ( the guy that sold out the plot to begin with ) round up loyal soldiers and put down the looming civil war with the backing of the plotters . 
  thus the plotters would become the force that stabilized the situation and `` saved '' america , where roosevelt was very clearly powerless to stop the anarchy . 
  from there , roosevelt would be `` encouraged '' to step down and retire after his radical policies almost caused a civil war . 
  then a candidate picked by the plotters would be put in his place , likely without an election or as the only candidate on the ballot . 
  i recommend * the plot to seize the white house * by jules archer if you 're looking for further reading . 
  mostly because they 're the agro-workers that actually produce most of california 's wealth and taxes . 
  and those people also know that their industry is completely dependent on the water given to them for a pittance from neighboring states . 
  however , if you 're willing to root your phone , then it 's possible ( on some models at least ) to edit the ` hosts ' file and manually block sites of your choice by associating the addresses with the wrong ip . 
  not sure what 's up , then . 
  i can unsub and resub from t_d at will using a browser . 
  could be a bug in the phone app , if you 're using one . 
  other than that , there are a large number of subs where moderators have set up bots that auto-ban users from their sub if they post in subreddits they hate . 
  and those bans wo n't expire just because you unsub from the `` evil '' subreddits .
