  while the work on the arms is impressive , i 'm more impressed at her ability to remain balanced in the outfit . 
  especially in some of the more complex poses . 
  right , needs more elaboration . 
  while there should be no war refugees coming from morocco , there 's still potential for activists from western sahara to seek political asylum in europe . 
  but even so , i admit something shady is going on if there are massive numbers of ` refugees ' coming from morocco . 
  see , these are the kinds of posts that get subreddits banned by the admins . 
  here 's the interesting part : if steam is dying , how much would they care about legal penalties ? 
  steam could un-drm their whole library and any attempts or orders to reverse the act would be unenforceable . 
  and the only thing the aaa companies could do , is sue valve to bankruptcy . 
  since valve was headed there anyway , the only difference it could possibly make is to give priority to the aaa publishers ' claims on valve 's assets . 
  their purpose is prolonging the grind ( and in the process diminishing the fun ) to pressure players into buying plat . 
  / r/xcom, 
  heck , they ca n't even beat the emus . 
  let 's be clear on one thing : what russia is doing is not in the interests of whites . 
  it 's in the interest of russians and russians alone . 
  russia 's only interest in other whites of europe is to turn them into obedient brainwashed russian lapdogs . 
  stacking prot on a single target does work against the prophet . 
  the trick here is to use bulwark of faith continuously , as it stacks with itself and use other characters to move the crusader into position . 
  admittedly , the maa is better at this in every way , since he has guard and therefore does n't need to be shuffled around as much . 
  chaotic neutral . 
  the jester and harlequin archetype , the free agent uncaring of the laws of men and gods . 
  the key to pulling off a well-played cn is to pretend to have a cryptic plan ^ ^ tm . 
  convinve the rest of the party that everything you do is for a reason . 
  actually having a cryptic plan ^ ^ tm is optional . 
  there are definitely effects from skill level . 
  i have observed weapon and spell damage shown in inventory increase based on skill level with no additional perks invested . 
  the same applies to potion effect strength and alchemy skill : potions become more powerful as skill level increases , even if no additional perks are invested into the alchemy tree . 
  it 's also my understanding that speech skill level affects shout cooldown , though i have n't seen any number changes in menu screens to back this one up . . 
  you can dismiss them at no penalty . 
  in fact , i think it 's part of the game being cruel to you . 
  in fact , it is much cheaper to discard heroes , even high-level heroes , if their bad quirk list gets too long . 
  you * must * kick out heroes just as you 're getting attached to them . 
  i 'm not so sure about the leveling balance being all that bad . 
  the game is really good at making the players fall into the sunk cost fallacy , and then forcing them to get out of it by dismissing veteran heroes . 
  the only balance issue right now is the humongous amount of deeds you need to build up the blacksmith . 
  you could argue that the u.s has a general governance/politics problem that prevents education and healthcare from being adequately fixed . 
  does n't every dungeon have a secret room ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the only way to can miss out on a secret room is if you do n't trigger a scouting ping close to it . 
  minor curio spoiler : there are no bad events that can happen on the secret room chest . 
  you just get less loot from it if you do n't have a key . 
  there is an event for lunatic characters that allows them to appoint a horse as chancellor . 
  this event spawns in a horse as an actual character with a portrait and everything . 
  because of reasonable oversights in marriage mechanics , it used to be possible to marry that horse to a human woman . 
  because of other reasonable oversights in pregnancy mechanics , the woman could get pregnant from her husband . 
  and certain reasonable oversights in how newborn children 's physical appearance is determined made it possible for children from that marriage to be born as horses . 
  regarding 70 . 
  former rector of the tallinn university , which pretty much every leftist and communist `` intellectual '' in estonia has graduated from ; excepting those who graduated in moscow or lenigrad before the ussr collapsed . 
  japanophile and anti-nationalist . 
  subscribes to the views of [ yuri lotman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yuri_lotman ) as a cultural theorist , which adds a jewish connection to his writings . 
  8 or 11 months in estonia , depending on when the conscription call is sent for you . 
  and on the eastern side , countries that abolished it to be more western are now restoring it . 
  mainly because russia revealed its true colors . 
  yes , citizenship does imply an obligation of loyalty to the country you 're a citizen to . 
  which is why many countries do n't allow dual citizenship at all . 
  that rule only holds true with distant , expeditionary operations like we 're seeing in the middle east . 
  with a defensive operation on home territory , the number of soldiers in combat skyrockets , while the number of support/logistics positions increases only slightly . 
  you do realize that assignments to roles is actually planned out by officers and specialists , right ? 
  they 're not just randomly assigning people to roles they are unsuited for . 
  all that this really means , is that positions that `` might '' see combat are now open to women . 
  so the guy in the fob , who writes down how many magazines of ammo a soldier took out to patrol might now be a woman that starts panting from running up three flights of stairs instead of a pudgy guy who starts panting from running up three flights of stairs . 
  so basically , the intended use-case for access is `` captive users who do n't have the time/willingness to retrain . '', 
  assad has the backing of russia , and russia has nukes . 
  pushing russia into a corner by forcibly removing its ' allies from power and isolating it too much is just too dangerous to risk . 
  the west wants assad to go . 
  russia wants assad to stay , and so does assad himself . 
  the west seems content to be easing toward a compromise where assad retires as part of a peace deal , but gets to pick his successor . 
  mind you , this is very much a simplified best-case scenario . 
  the conflict in syria is ... [ complicated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_armed_groups_in_the_syrian_civil_war#/media/file:main_factions_-_syrian_civil_war.png ) . 
  pettigrew was the one who sold out as the potters ' secret keeper , but was n't snape the one who told voldemort about the prophecy in the first place ? 
   hence his plan -- he wants to be the one man that no one will ever forget , the man who brought world peace . 
  this definitely does n't sound right . 
  if ozy does n't want to be forgotten , then why does he convince the rest of the watchmen ( sans rorschach ) that the truth of what he orchestrated must be kept secret from the world ? 
   ... or we all just shrug and keep running the no coalition mod , and hopefully they take the hint ... 
  or they just hardcode coalitions in , so that playing the game `` wrong '' is n't possible anymore . 
  really ? 
  i 'd say all the god-fearing witnesses and tipplers resolving to never drink again are far more absurd . 
  i 've found that grob - abom - abom - hellion is highly effective against damn near anything . 
  unrelenting blight attacks from the gr and double abom can debuff their way to overcoming the hags blight resist , if they need to . 
  plus the double aboms have self heal . 
  most importantly , the combination tends to bash through most regular combat without much issue . 
  but tweaking old items means players ca n't have fun grinding and praying to rnjesus and/or lootcifer to get the new versions !, 
  definitely true . 
  i 've found that you should either toss heirlooms or toss gold . 
  there is n't enough inventory space to make well with both . 
  as funny as that would be , orbital dynamics are a bit more complicated than that . 
  unless you 're very carefully aiming to hit yourself in the back , then the shot is only going to hit a few hundred miles behind the target . 
  either that or it 's going to escape into outer space and never hit the planet again . 
  what is interesting , though , is that with a big enough railgun and a moon in orbit , the railgun might be able to hit itself in the `` face '' . 
  it 's pretty interesting to create a home system that is n't sol . 
  though the game provides no instructions , the method is basically : generate random system , put new empire on habitable planet , switch to new empire . 
  also , if you use sm mode to take a peek at minerals in the system , and then reset survey data , do n't forget to re-survey your homeworld . 
  atually , it would n't be difficult at all . 
  there are plenty of good asian actors in hollywood who could do well in gits and have it as their breakout movie . 
  hollywood just does n't want to bother with asians in anything other than secondary roles . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd suggest marking down on the map which parts of terrain are flammable . 
  if the pyromancer attacks an area , flammable tiles catch fire . 
  every turn , there 's a % chance for an existing fire to spread in a direction indicated by a scatter roll ( potentially spreading to characters as well ) . 
  as for the terrain fire spreading to characters : ag tests to avoid catching fire any time they pass through a burning tile , or when fire from an adjacent tile spreads to them . 
  please tell me this professor 's class was about word documents , and not about java code .
