  eventually , you 'll have to go to war with muscovy . 
  when you do , the first war decides everything . 
  take as much land from muscovy as you can in that war , ideally fort provinces . 
  do n't be afraid to go into debt by having mercenaries over your forcelimit . 
  once you 've crippled muscovy enough that it wo n't recover by the time of the next war , just keep the conquest rolling in the east . 
  nobody in europe will care about aggressive expansion against the hordes . 
  around the same time , you 'll have to stab sweden in the back and start conquering scandinavia . 
  though i 'll admit , it 's unlikely you 'll ever manage complete world conquest . 
  and being estonian myself , i 'm sad admit it 's also unlikely you 'll be able to keep estonian as an accepted culture . 
  it 's just an enormously suboptimal move to move the capital and then switch primary culture . 
  not a problem , unless the passport is going to expire before you return to latvia . 
  if the nukes are launched , and the people who launched them live through the bombs falling , then the evidence is irrelevant . 
  there are n't going to be enough people left to find whatever secret bunker they holed up in . 
  the survivors also wo n't have the the guns and mining equipment to drag those responsible out of the bunker and put them on trial . 
  question being , are the townspeople good ? 
  or are they neutral ? 
  i 've ran a few games where the norm for average commoners is true neutral or lawful neutral . 
  not necessarily . 
  could also mean calling people ( especially bosses ) out on their bullshit . 
  you forgot the part where de secretly gives the `` super op weapon '' a miniscule drop chance from the start , to encourage players to buy it with money . 
  i 'd guess the average is probably a dictatorship , which falls somewhere slightly right of center , as the left-wing and right-wing dictatorships balance each other out . 
  hmm ... would n't an empire level title with heavily restricted laws work better ? 
  and perhaps a decision that allows sufficiently prestigious and pious vassals to demand the emperor step down , installing the vassal as the new emperor ? 
  of course , emperor 's refusal would mean a war for the title . 
  basically , the point is to avoid capping out your core skills too early . 
  say you reach archery 100 at around level 30 , because you 've focused hard on it , and have n't done much else . 
  since your primary combat skill is now capped out , your level-up progress dramatically slows down . 
  there 's no easy solution , either . 
  all combat skills need perks in them to be viable against anything tougher than light-armor bandits . 
  perks that you ca n't get , because you 're not leveling up anymore . 
  i also strongly suspect there are losses if you focus on one or two skills at a time , while neglecting others . 
  let 's take the warrior skills , for instance : if you level all warrior skills evenly , at the same pace , you reach level 40 by the time all skills hit level 70 . 
  but if you level one handed to 70 , then light armor to 70 , etc. 
  you only reach level 35 . 
  the numbers are arbitrary for the sake of the example , and i have n't tested this in any proper way , but i do feel as if this is the case . 
  i seem to have less perks available if i power-level a single skill , as opposed to letting it increase organically . 
  first , it 's not meant for encrypting data to make it secret . 
  if you sign/decrypt data with the id card 's private key , it can be decryped with your public key . 
  if data can be decrypted with your public key , then it counts as legally binding proof that you were the one who signed/encrypted it . 
  second , the government never has your private key to make a copy of it . 
  the chip itself generates the private key , it 's not hand-placed there by some government computer or office worker . 
  admittedly , it 's only the government saying that it 's not possible to get the private key out of the chip without visibly damaging the card to get at the internals of the chip . 
  but this claim has been tested by independent crypto specialists , who were unable to get the private key without breaking the card . 
  basically , before figuring out how to apply an integral to a complicated formula , he could comprehend what an integral is and what it is supposed to do . 
  because he did n't have a problem understanding the concept of an integral , he did n't need to memorize the equations . 
  germany also cooperated heavily with the soviet union to develop and manufacture their tanks . 
  a lot of the german tank development and production in the 30s actually took place in russian factories , because german factories were being scrutinized by the league of nations because of the treaty of versailles . 
  the government does n't have the private key . 
  the private key is generated on the chip , not in a government computer somewhere . 
  it 's been tested by third parties that removing the private key from the chip is impossible without defacing the card to get access to internal parts of the chip . 
  i 'm loving the bt-7 . 
  it 's so fun derping them in my hetzer . 
  there 's also chapter master dante , of the blood angels , who has been chapter master for 1 100 years . 
  he 's ( believed to be ) the oldest living space marine who has n't been placed in stasis for a length of time or interred in dreadnought armor . 
  the actual matter of maximum space marine age is actually not consistent in the 40k lore . 
  the only consistent fact is that no sm has died of old age . 
  some sources say they 're immortal unless killed . 
  other sources say the expected sm lifespan is ~ 750 years , with blood angels having a geneseed mutation that lets them live considerably longer . 
  skeletons can already bleed , if you stack + bleed chance trinkets on a jester or a hellion . 
  alternate start mod allows you to start as a member of either civil war faction , but i 'm not sure if it 's actually possible to do any quests without first completing the western watchtower quest . 
  probably not , and it 's likely unfixable with mods , because of deeply both the cw and mq questlines are integrated into the scripts that keep track of the world state . 
  nah , if wg implements skill-based mm in wot , it 's not going to be based on xp . 
  it 's going to be based on winrate , like the ranked system on the wows test server , where you need to consistently win games to advance in rank . 
  in the part of estonia i live , the most expensive piece of real estate for sale i could find is a $ 35k apartment . 
  to get your money 's worth out of 300k here , you 'd need to spend the money building the house . 
  51-55 in the top row or the bottom row ? 
  the numbers repeat . 
  no , he is n't . 
  stalin 's and mao 's percentages are from the entire population of their country at the time , rather than from the populations of the specific class groups they were targeting . 
  yeah , it 's a missing mesh or texture . 
  you probably need to do the archive invalidation . 
  it 's possible to do it manually by editing files , but [ this thing ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/944/ ? ), 
  seems like a more convenient option . 
  like most opposers of e-voting ( online voting , if you prefer to use the video 's terminology ) , the e-voting model argued against in the video is a strawman . 
  just as an example , the video notes that the voting system is a closed-source piece of black-box software made by some corporation that ca n't be verified . 
  while true with the diebold electronic voting machines , not true in the case of estonian e-voting : the voting software is open source , aside from certain additional security measures they change up and improve for each election . 
  even then , the source code of those unique security measures can be reviewed through official channels , similar to being able to register as an election observer . 
  on top of that , computerphile makes the mistake of holding e-voting to a ridiculously high standard of security and scrutiny that regular ballot elections are not being held to in practice , even in countries with fair elections . 
  when the estonian border guards initially talked with the russian border guards about the border violation and analyzed the situation , a report was created with both estonian and russian border guards involved . 
  standard border guard cooperation between the two countries when border violations are involved . 
  analzying the situation a few hours after kohver was kidnapped , a report was created where both estonian and russian border guards came to the conclusion that a group of individuals illegally crossed the border from russia into estonia on foot , then returned to russia with one more person shortly afterwards . 
  despite the russian border guard captain admitting on camera that he wrote the russian half of the report and signed it , russia is denying the report and insisting it 's a forgery . 
  edit : here 's the [ news piece ] ( http://rus.postimees.ee/2916171/dokazatelstva-narushenie-granicy-proizoshlo-po-napravleniju-iz-rossii-v-jestoniju ) , with picture of the report , in russian . 
  sadly i have n't found an english version . 
  unlikely to happen , unless nato pressures estonia into doing an exchange . 
  the estonian government is very much opposed to legitimizing the russian lie that kohver was a spy . 
  as it stands , the estonian government intends to continue demanding that kohver be released , while paying his salary while he remains imprisoned . 
  assuming kohver does serve his 15 years in prison without getting killed in prison , war breaking out and/or russia collapsing , he 's going to be a fairly wealthy man when he gets out . 
  the profit certainly was n't stockpiled in a bank account or anything . 
  two options , really , they either paid dividends to the company owners or invested the profits back into the company . 
  just letting the money sit in a bank account means losing money to inflation . 
  true enough . 
  in any case , i 'm under the impression that most of those profits were invested into less liquid investments like r&d of new technologies like oil sand extraction . 
  which they had to shut down when the oil price plummeted to try and keep afloat through the slump . 
  except for how the online voting system argued against is a strawman , not a real , existing system . 
  and how it consistently demands a ridiculously high security standard from online elections that no ballot elections are ever held to in practice . 
  as far as the estonian online voting system goes , all issues described in that video have been addressed years ago already , long before that video . 
  some issues are even completely invalid , such as the issue of closed-source , unverifiable software . 
  it 's not 100 % secure of course , but it 's not significantly less secure than ballot elections . 
  any tampering significant enough to alter election results would be detected , same as with ballot elections .
