  my little sister thought it 'd be a good prank to close a door behind me and keep it closed . 
  being a hormonal boy just entering puberty , i got really , really angry . 
  by the time i was yelling at her loudly and angrily enough that my sister was no longer finding the situation funny , i was ready to hit something . 
  thankfully , i was raised not to hit girls , so it was instead a door on the receiving end of my fury . 
  it was one of those cheap , hollow doors . 
  teenage me gave it full-strength knee hit and it broke , leaving a very obvious dent/hole . 
  anger : instantly gone . 
  it 's not just a question of price . 
  it 's also about being able to reliably get spare parts and ammo as well . 
  bmp parts and ammo are primarily manufactured by non-nato countries . 
  russia is definitely going to stop selling that stuff to us if they decide to attack . 
  even those who remain neutral would either hike up the prices or stop selling in order to avoid pissing off russia . 
  not op , but he could have been referring to either working himself to death or drinking himself to death . 
  it 's a common black humor joke in estonia , that the `` ideal '' estonian man would die hard at work . 
  out of curiosity , what 's the source for estonia using the m16 ? 
  estonian here , and as far as i know , estonia has never used the m16 . 
  it currently uses the ak4 and imi galil as standard issue rifles , and the m14 for ceremonial duties . 
  and after some research of my own , i 'm not finding any mention of estonia ever having m16-s in its ' inventory . 
  well , yes . 
  estonia did n't just ignore the warning signs we saw in 2008 at georgia , and in 2007 when russian agents incited the bronze soldier riots and carried out cyberattacks . 
  was n't going to post , but reading comments on both opinions , i realized something . 
  the main problem with the current hook is that it takes too much control away from a player . 
  and i came up with a potential solution . 
  add a close-range knockdown attack to ancients . 
  change hook to only pull closer without knockdown . 
  meaning ancients would have a pull/knockdown combo with two separate attacks . 
  but making the knockdown a more predictable secondary attack would reduce the frustration , because the player could still evade it after being pulled in . 
  did some additional digging today , and you were right . 
  estonia did use some second-hand m16a1-s ( among others ) briefly in the late 90s , before adopting galils and ak4s . 
  also , thanks for the flair !, 
  just a reddit search . 
  `` estonia not subreddit : worldpowers '' ( plus a filter for only last week of results ) . 
  i do that search just about every day , to see if there 's any important international news regarding my country . 
   one remarkable detail is the small commander 's cupola on the turret . 
  i recall the previous posting of this and the cupola came up . 
  though the germans did add their own cupolas to captured t-34s , this one does n't have that modification . 
  it was just some soviet variant of the t-34 that was n't in production for very long , and therefore does n't show up that often on historical photographs . 
  for the record , no bodies inside . 
  the vehicle was ( most likely ) purposely driven into the lake by retreating german forces because they could n't / did n't want to take it with them for whatever reason . 
  yep . 
  a low oxygen bog lake . 
  on the 22nd and 23rd , they 're definitely open with regular hours ( 8-17 , estonian time ) . 
  on the 25th , definitely closed . 
  not sure beyond that . 
  the latter . 
  it 's almost as if civ : be was rushed out and they cut out or abandoned sensible features before release . 
  disclaimer : i 'm not familiar with the series , or what was specifically said in that episode . 
  most likely , frank is skimming off the interest of what he originally stole from his old partner . 
  the principal amount is somewhere in a bank account , and it 's big enough that the interest is large enough to keep the bar running and still have enough left over to cover the additional expenses . 
  with an interest rate of 6 % / year , the formula comes to :, 
  a = p * ( 6/100 ), 
  where a is the annual amount of interest gained and p is the initial amount of money stolen . 
  let 's say that he gets one million in interest to cover his outrageous expenses each year . 
  for frank to make that amount , at that interest rate , from year 1 , he would have needed to steal 16\u00a0666\u00a0666 .66 ... ( repeating ) . 
  realistically , frank has probably had different years , some where he has spent less than one million and deposited a surplus back into the account and others where he spends more and needs to draw from the principal deposit . 
  for the sake of simplicity , i 've assumed the end result of his spending averages out so that it 's as if he had spent exactly one million every year and never touched the original 16,7 million he stole . 
  edit : fixed a mistake . 
  3 + 2x3 = 9 ; because he gets his own wishes . 
  and because he hates himself most , he also gets the other wishes . 
  back when i was a noob , i never used consumables because they seemed so expensive ... largely because i did n't realize i only had to resupply them if i actually used them in battle . 
  these days , i have manual extinguishers in the 4-slot of almost everything . 
  the main exception is light tanks . 
  if your light is on fire , you 're probably fucked anyway . 
  there 's no point in wasting the credits on an extinguisher if you 're going to get shot to death in the next five seconds anyway . 
  a successful strategy i used to deal with parasitic eximuses was banshee sonar + sniper ( in my case , snipetron vandal ) to effectively kill them from range before closing in on the rest with dual heat . 
  ultimately , though , at high levels ( 45 + ) you need a greater degree of teamwork to take down priority threats like parasitic eximuses . 
  just soloing an entire swarm with heavy units mixed in along the chaff just does n't work forever . 
  even if the rebels/russian troops are that stupid and actually cause a nuclear disaster , the russian propaganda machine would still blame it on `` ukrainian fascists '' as loudly as it can . 
  [ we already have !, 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/391/ ), 
  increasing base magicka also increases magic resistance ( very slightly , but it 's quite significant by level 50 ) . 
  the other stat increases also have secondary benefits like this . 
  the only exception being that this mod allows you to aim at tanks under bridges and such . 
  admittedly , it 's very unusual for an arty to have a firing arc like that , but i have had the problem happen to me once or twice ( in 3k games ) . 
  i know i have a firing arc , but i ca n't aim at the target because arty view places the reticule on the top of the bridge , not on the tank beneath . 
  it 's less about the patch and more about cwo itself , honestly . 
  cwo stands a good chance of breaking the game 's scripts on its ' own . 
  combining cwo , requiem 1.8 and req 1.7 / cwo patch kept breaking the initialization scripts for me , even without starting the civil war quest . 
  and the modified civil war itself ( when i played with req . 
  1.7 ) was guaranteed to break at some point and become unwinnable because the game apparently stopped checking for `` battle won '' conditions . 
  besides the points of / u/salmonbattle , `` enough dakka '' implies a logical contradiction . 
  enough dakka + more dakka = too much dakka . 
  too much dakka does not exist , therefore enough dakka can not exist either . 
  lots of big changes in the nightlies . 
  highlights i remember from memory :, 
  * a ship ai now gives you the progression quests . 
  * tools for gathering/placing liquids, 
  * starmap shows planet info , includes things like gravity and weather, 
  * changes to combat . 
  no more collision damage , timing attacks more important . 
  * introduction of a progression-relevant merchant/quest npc hub . 
  regarding food and stamina : bestial stew is immensely powerful , but only available to bosmer , orcs , khajiit and argonians . 
  all the components should be plentiful and easy to acquire . 
  i ca n't remember the specifics from memory , but i recall that it was without doubt the most powerful foodstuff available . 
  beef stew ( for health/carryweight ) was the only other food i bothered with when playing a bosmer ( non-sneak ) archer . 
  you 're forgetting that never enough dakka is an ork concept . 
  they also lack the concept of mad . 
  if they kill everything they win . 
  even if everything includes themselves . 
  40k orks are a sophisticated tool-using bioweapon gone haywire , not a species .
