  instead of directly building divisions with ic , you instead pre-fabricate guns , tanks , planes etc. 
  and form units using these items from your accumulated stockpile . 
  there 's also the concept of production line efficiency . 
  a military factory task is indefinite : you produce into your stockpile until the task is cancelled and can add up to 15 factories to work on a single task . 
  the longer a task remains active with the same amount of factories assigned to it , the more efficient it gets at producing . 
  you can have multiple tasks producing the same item . 
  for instance , as mid-war germany , you probably want 45-60 factories producing infantry equipment , which requires three to four separate `` infantry equipment '' tasks in the production list . 
  also , as you assign more factories to a task , the task starts consuming more resources . 
  a task 's efficiency going up produces additional items without consuming additional resources . 
  hmm ... russia = angry face on the left, 
  germany = angry faces on the right, 
  intentional ? 
  i watch the www stream religiously and i 'm pretty sure i noticed that a full efficiency production line with 15 factories takes the same amount of input as a low efficiency line with 15 factories . 
  meh , trade generally breaks down once the war gets going . 
  you 're not allowed to trade with countries you 're at war with . 
  did n't they manage to launch a test `` satellite '' into orbit ? 
  if they can do that , then they definitely are n't as far from hitting the us as we might like to think . 
  except then you get cases where you fully aim a shot and it sails right over the turret without hitting anything . 
  the most common estimation for victims of soviet repression is 66,7 million . 
  this includes victims that were institutionalized or imprisoned , but survived . 
  taking a count of how many were actually killed is considerably more difficult , because the soviets had nearly 50 years to destroy evidence . 
  the numbers range from 8 to 61 million , though estimates above 30m are also putting full blame on soviet leadership for famines which may or may not have been deliberately engineered to cripple resistance in certain regions . 
  what makes the soviet crimes that much worse in my view , is that they were already erasing documentation at the time of the crimes , and blaming as much as they could on the nazis . 
  whereas the nazis were meticulously documenting their mass murders and did not make attempts to erase evidence until it became clear they were going to lose the war . 
  this , to me , suggests that the soviets realized what they were doing was fucked up and evil , and they did it anyway , while the nazis believed they were doing the right thing and that future generations would find their actions justified . 
  or `` roommate '' is codeword for `` successful sibling/parent who lets me live at his place '' . 
   a 0-10 scale is stupid, 
  and there are plenty of people too ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ education challenged to understand the benchmark numbers beyond `` higher numbers must be better '' . 
   also , communists did n't have the goal to burn millions of people in stoves, 
  they did n't burn them in stoves , but they did have the goal of shooting millions in the woods and burying them in mass graves . 
  for truly heinous crimes like having been born to wealthy parents , or being the child of political activists or intellectuals . 
  mass murder based on class categories or political dissent is every bit as inhuman as mass murder based on racial categories . 
  to be perfectly fair , a business going bankrupt is not inherently a bad thing in the economic sense . 
  sure , it 's bad for the employees in the short term , but it 's a lot better for the economy in general than uncompetitive or corrupt business models being bailed out by the taxpayer because they 're `` too big to fail '' . 
  i 'm not familiar with the specific circumstances of trump 's bankruptcies , but his businesses going bankrupt are n't necessarily telling me that he fucked up and ran a functional business into the ground . 
  it could just as easily be that he cut his losses and started over , without trying to make an uncompetitive business limp along for a few more years with capital injections . 
  the nutmeg guy is completely wrong , but `` innocent until proven guilty '' does n't mean what most people think it does , either . 
  all the term really means , is that the government is n't allowed to start punishing a person before they 're found guilty in a trial . 
  private citizens absolutely have the right to consider someone guilty . 
  they just ca n't do anything that crosses the line into vigilantism because of their opinion . 
  and even if what watson did was legal , does n't automatically mean it was n't wrong in a moral sense . 
  random primitive race was generated with weak and very strong traits . 
  i think they 'll make a nice addition to my empire , especially once i can start modifying them to remove the weak trait . 
  ahh , arbitrarily deciding something must be unproven propaganda because it does n't match your preconcieved expectations . 
  there 's just as much unproven propaganda in the media concerning trump , but everybody on the left just takes those nonsensical articles at face value . 
  just as everybody on the right takes articles like the one / u/hezzospike linked at face value . 
  him getting elected basically means both mainstream parties are screwed for a whole election cycle . 
  his bullshit notwithstanding , he 's a better choice than corrupt-as-fuck hillary . 
  i 'm not overly concerned about trump actually succeeding in pushing any of the really outrageous stuff like `` the wall '' through congress . 
  good luck pushing those communists into the pacific . 
  eesti will push bolshevik menace into pacific ocean !, 
  plus those giant crows on malinovka . 
  i imagine this is also why egypt is n't a puppet . 
  it would screw up british ai and supply in the middle east . 
  except the lengthy procedure is a rubber stamp that almost never says `` no , they ca n't stay '' . 
  and they 're not actually deported back to their country of origin even if the answer is `` no '' , because the refugees usually disappear and become illegal immigrants well before their decision is announced . 
  actually , character pool choices do matter . 
  you can recruit advanced rank soldiers at the resistance hq , and those elite recruits do match their character pool restrictions . 
  however , if you hire a designed character as a rookie , they still get their class randomly assigned on promotion . 
   when i think back to eu/ew the difference i remember between tier 3 and tier 4 guns is that one was green . 
  the other was orange . 
  i think . 
  i do n't remember very well . 
  everything kind of melds together visually for me in that game and i did n't notice . 
  it 's probably melding together because there was no tier 4 . 
  most tier 3 weapons were green ( plasma ) , with the exception of the tier 3 shotgun , which was orange , on account of not being a plasma weapon . 
  i suspect the favorable matchmaking wears off gradually . 
  there was a dev blog about matchmaking `` weight '' being assigned to each vehicle . 
  this favorable matchmaking is probably an artificial reduction of your new tank 's mm weight that is incrementally removed each time you fight a battle until it reaches the `` normal '' weight for that tank . 
  recently , i noticed i had rather long wait times on the first couple of times i played my e75 , which was probably the mm having trouble placing a tier 9 tank with significantly reduced mm weight . 
  it definitely should , but then you get into odd situations if you conquer the empire capital building of another race . 
  the fallen empire ai derped out somehow and i managed to conquer myself one of their ringworld segments . 
  would love to move my capital there , but meh . 
  it 's 10 years , same as the time you had to wait before you could start integrating . 
  integration seems kinda pointless currently . 
  possibly it pisses off pacifist fallen empires less than direct conquest ? 
  actually , i could be wrong and it could be fifteen or twenty , too . 
  at speed three , it gets hard to tell . 
  and it does n't start counting the `` recently conquered '' debuff until integration ends . 
  so it 's 10 years to integrate + 10 to 20 years for the conquered debuff to go away . 
  even then , the alien overlords happiness debuff is permanent and will never go away . 
  if your ethics allow you to enable pop purging , then the only reason to keep around alien pops is if they have an amazing trait , like extremely adaptable or very strong . 
  possibly with xenophile spiritualist and burning lots of influence on edicts and policies that reduce ethics divergence . 
  edit : and also with segregating pops so different species do n't mingle on a single planet . 
  you 're generally supposed to put point defense weapons on those mounts and let those point defense ships protect your formation from missile spam , while using other ships ( armor , blazer etc. ), 
  to deal damage to planets and other ships . 
  the only offensive use is with emitter guns , and it 's not really good against anything other than destroyers . 
  here 's an example of a solid rechangle formation . 
  point-defense and command in the center , surrounded by the actual combat ships ( probably armor section , in the early game ) . 
  depending on how many ships you have , the numbers denote in which order you ought to fill up the formation . 
  and a place for a supporting salvage ship as well . 
  if you have tankers in the fleet , break them off the formation and keep them away from the combat . 
  arm6 | arm2 | arm1 | arm3 | arm7, 
  arm4 | pdef | com | pdef | arm5, 
  arm8 | arm9 | salv | arm10 | arm11, 
  a single point defense cruiser can typically cover all eight ships around them . 
  unless we get into late-game multi-missile techs . 
  and in fact , it 's usually fine to just have a single line like pdef-arm-arm-pdef - ... 
  and have the command ship and supports break off and avoid the fight . 
  well , glad to see i 'm not missing out on anything but grind frustration by not coming back to the game .
