  name = `` pagan min '', 
  desc = `` politician_pagan_min_desc '', 
  picture = `` portrait_phi_pagan_min . dds '', 
  expire = `` 1964.1.1 '', 
  traits = {, 
  if a leader for the fascist ideology already exists in the phi.txt file , delete their entry in the file . 
  then , create this file : mod / { your mod name } / localization/pagan _ min.yml, 
  this file should contain the following :, 
  l_english :, 
  political_pagan_min_desc :0 '' { whatever you want to show up in pagan min 's tooltip description } '', 
  finally , create a file called your_mod_name . mod in mod / ( the same directory that contains the `` your mod name '' folder . 
  that file needs to contain the followign code :, 
  name = `` your mod name '', 
  archive = '' . \\ \\ your mod name '', 
  supported_version = `` 1.3 . 
  if the popular vote mattered , trump would have run his campaign completely differently and focused on other regions . 
  and hillary would have run her campaign differently as well . 
  trump and hillary were both competing under the same electoral college system , and hillary lost by a large margin of college votes . 
  trump 's margin of college votes is enough to be called a landslide compared to previous elections . 
  the `` popular vote '' argument is a complete moot point . 
  do you know why fonv had such excellent story depth and complexity ? 
  ** because it was n't made by bethesda ** . 
  it was made by obsidian entertainment , a company that 's far , far better at rpgs than bethesda ever has been . 
  it 's rules-legal to have more than one , but the specifics should probably be discussed with the gm . 
  maybe another member of the kill team is carrying the reserve backpack for the devastator ? 
  or maybe there 's a servitor tagging along with the extra pack ? 
  maybe multiple backpacks represent a more sophisticated ammo pack that 's capable of holding more rounds than a standard one ? 
  are there drawbacks like increased weight or jam chance for a high-capacity backpack ? 
  in the end , the rules do n't explicitly forbid carrying an extra ammo backpack ( or several ) and the rest is all fluff and matters more for the immersion and roleplay , than for the combat elements and number crunch of the game . 
  and honestly , it 's not even collapsing that much . 
  this is a better fit for imaginaryruins or imaginaryvillages than this place . 
  for me , it reminded me of the game primordia . 
  there 's a scene in that where you 're puzzling your way through a deactivated giant robot . 
  well certainly , if the foreign-located buildings of other american-owned businesses were being hit by terrorists , i imagine he might care as well . 
  protecting american investments abroad is something the us government has been doing long before trump . 
  if the buildings targeted are actually on american soil , then damn right it 's going to be an issue trump will pay attention to , whether the buildings belong to his ( children 's ) companies or not . 
  but if terrorists are just attacking in germany or france with no direct american casualties ? 
  well , then germany and france should be capable of their own responses and self-defense . 
  it 's not the us 's business to get involved until germany or france invite the us to get involved as an ally . 
  there are also long-term upgrade issues with the f-22 , afaik . 
  the soft - and firmware of the f-22 were designed for a very specific chipset . 
  a chipset that has actually been out of production since before the 2000s and which the usaf massively stockpiled for spare parts when it went out of production . 
  compare this to the f-35 , whose software was designed from the start to support future plans to upgrade the whole electronic package somewhere down the line . 
  the basic logic is that it 's more efficient to increase the scale of f-35 manufacturing and phase out the f-22 faster , rather than sink obscene amounts of money into an attempt to extensively modernize a transitional platform like the f-22 . 
  as much as i like the f-22 , i have to admit the pro-f-35 argument i 'm repeating from memory does make sense to me . 
  will facebook give the queen diabetes ? 
  he was talking about when the divorce and mediation was still in progress . 
  effectively , destruction of property under dispute . 
  either that , or give it something like 0.2 accuracy so the `` german accuracy '' advantage becomes something that actually matters . 
  as-is , penetration just drops off at long range and the only difference `` german accuracy '' makes is that you 'll bounce or ricochet , instead of missing outright like other nations would . 
  with the corridor transformations of maps , it 's a lot harder to get side-shots , which is a meta shift that 's nerfed the accuracy-focused german tanks more than other nations . 
  on the topic of switching primary species : that is just too big to be an unintentional oversight . 
  future paid feature is what i 'm suspecting from pdx at this point . 
  the same goes for improved infantry system , actually useful vassal interactions and most other stuff you listed , actually . 
  i refuse to believe the stellaris dev team is so incompetent that they 've just failed to notice all these major issues . 
  either they 're ridiculously short staffed ( which , looking at the credits , they 're not ) or it 's an intentional profit ploy to sell the game to us piecemeal . 
  so most likely an isis terrorist . 
  any kind of direct link to the usa unlikely to be uncovered , if one even exists . 
  unless of course you go into the mental gymnastics of `` usa caused isis so usa responsible for assassination '', 
  of course not . 
  it 's going to default to the husband regardless of parenthood . 
  and in oblivion too , actually . 
  it 's only in skyrim that they took the feature away because of how easy it was to break the game 's difficulty curve with spell crafting . 
  yes , but that does n't allow you to be completely undetectable by npcs ( oblivion 100 % camouflage ) or glitch out of levels at will ( morrowind levitation ) . 
  any armor past ~ 700 is useless anyway , because it hits the damage reduction cap . 
  and huge damage numbers can always be fixed by difficulty levels adding extra hp to enemies . 
  i do n't think there 's any point for arumba to do that . 
  not yet , anyway . 
  the new mechanics of the expansion do n't really add all that much aside from a few huge focus trees and the ai remains as dumb as a sack of bricks when it comes to production priorities and unit templates . 
  the only thing the expansion really does is make a start as a british puppet viable , especially for countries that were horribly bugged before , like the raj . 
  the new puppet mechanics add very little to an overlord , beyond fixing the issue where an ai puppet could go to closed economy to lock the overlord out of their resources . 
  it did serve a purpose back in the days before the internet , phones and telegrams , where a candidate 's skeletons could come to light that just would n't reach the average voter . 
  suppose that between the election and the college , some hard evidence comes to light , proving beyond doubt that trump raped a groupie back in the 90s . 
  or that hillary won and then it comes to light that she has actually diddled children on epstein 's island . 
  the idea is , the electors are an additional check on power . 
  they can decide `` there is no way the people i represent would have voted for this candidate if they had known '' . 
  and without the electoral college , we get california , virginia and a handful of other welfare-dependent democrat vote plantations deciding the president for the rest of the nation . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , there 's an argument to be made for a full dissolution of the union and balkanizing the us into more homogenous states . 
  because evidently , the current solution is only good at rolling over the will of roughly 50 % of the population no matter the election result . 
  another thought that comes to mind is an opinion i recently came across on reddit . 
  `` the president 's office should hold little enough power that it does n't matter who holds it '' . 
  cutting the power of the presidency and the federal government would make the `` will of the people '' issues with the college go away as well . 
  if the will of the people resides primarily with the state and federal legislatures , the issues with the electoral college become a moot point . 
  because people who voted for him like that trump speaks his mind without everything going a pr/pc focus group filter , resulting in vague , meaningless statements that can be interpreted as saying absolutely anything . 
  for an example of that vague pr bullshit that people are sick and tired of , just see obama 's refined statements on castro 's death . 
   `` we know that this moment fills cubans -- in cuba and in the united states -- with powerful emotions , recalling the countless ways in which fidel castro altered the course of individual lives , families , and of the cuban nation . 
  history will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him . '', 
  is obama praising the communist fuck , or is he condemning the tyrant while recognizing his impact ? 
  could mean either one and that kind of refusal to take a stance on ideological issues is n't something the leader of the free world should practice . 
  the president should n't be afraid of alienating tyrannical regimes that deserve to collapse anyway . 
  i had to as well , but only for the ft-to-cm and lbs-to-kg conversions . 
  why ca n't you americans use a sane , base-10 system like everyone else does ? 
  they do n't disappear , but if a province has more factories than you 're allowed to have in them after conquest , you do n't get the slots back if you delete a factory . 
  yeah ... the stock focus trees of the majors are definitely going to need an overhaul . 
  he 's talking about the occupied estonia parts , not ruhnu . 
  and the situations are completely different . 
  estonia had borders before the soviet occupation , based on the tartu treaty . 
  the baltic states are old countries restored , not new countries created like russia keeps insisting they are . 
  ukraine , on the other hand , did not exist as a state until it broke free from the ussr during the union 's collapse . 
  a new state came into existence and the ussr administrative borders were the only territorial division that it could base its ' borders on .
