  it could end with an international , un-sanctioned intervention into the special region . 
  after all , the various world powers would jump at the chance to partition the sr between them , rather than just letting japan take everything for itself . 
   leo 1a5 buff, 
  well , about time , i say ... 
  okay . 
  the armor is still shit for an mbt . 
  marginal increase of damage ... 
  dammit , they did n't fix it . 
  it 's still not capable of reliably penetrating enemy mbts from the front , unless it exposes itself for long enough ^ * to figure out where the enemy 's weakspot is based on the tank shilouette behind the concealment . 
  * : long enough meaning it gets shot at least twice in that timeframe . 
  the problem is , the ap ca n't penetrate mbt front armor , but overpenetrates sides and rear . 
  it also runs up against enemies with era , making the sc ammo unreliable . 
  should clarify that this is in pve , not pvp . 
  it consistently gets less damage done compared to other tanks in the team , excepting situations where it needs to carry some portion of the game and racks up massive damage . 
  call me a cynic , but i suspect it was deliberate . 
  de wants the `` new '' frames to be better than old ones , in order to incentivize buying them for plat . 
  you can thank the alcohol industry for that . 
  the amount of money they invest into `` research '' that misrepresents the harmfulness of alcohol is insane . 
  but clearly , selling that legalized narcotic is profitable enough that they can afford to do that and still be profitable . 
  the `` foreign aid '' sent to them gets spent on buying stuff from us arms manufacturers . 
  ~ ~ events can only have up to 4 selection options , including those `` hidden '' when their conditions are n't met . 
  it 's a hardcoded limit , unfortunately . ~ ~, 
  i am once again full of shit . 
  see / u/jursamaj post below for how it actually works . 
   mild disappointment, 
  lucky you . 
  i 've reached `` the game i loved is dead , and probably never going to be as fun as it used to be '' . 
  seriously regretting being a founder , at this point . 
  for one , government systems are generally five to ten years out of date . 
  they might be modern when they are new , but after that there 's no budget to replace them anymore , so the gov sysadmins need `` improvise '' whatever leftovers they can refurbish for cheap within the constraints of the office supplies budget . 
  last i looked into it , only mods that use macros to turn manual extinguishes automatic are actually illegal on eu . 
  there is a minor delivery quest , where the miners discovered some new kind of ore in it and need the alchemist in riften to identify it . 
  the quest item you are given is a piece of quicksilver ore , though . 
  not charged for a crime , maybe , but i suspect an isp can probably still terminate your service for it even where you live . 
  huh . 
  well , then . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  reminds me of a game i played a while ago . 
  i think the name was ironcast . 
  because while it 's not illegal in itself , it is often used to circumvent region locks ? 
  with quills , mainly . 
  and even after the printing press was invented , they still had to use fonts like that as standard , otherwise the texts of different printing shops would have varied so much that they might as well have been different alphabets . 
  equivalent to when you contact phone support and tell them you 're recording the call and pre-emptively threaten to go to the media if they do n't resolve the issue . 
  i understand you 're being sarcastic , but the analogy does n't work that well . 
  usually , you 'd sell the old car to fund the new purchase . 
  the part about neighbors being able to complain exists in estonia , but home-owners associations do n't . 
  it 's just the municipalities having a high degree of control over zoning and construction permits . 
  the original purpose of these regulations was to prevent people from building eyesores , but these days it 's just a way for municipalities to patch their budget though exorbitant construction permit fees . 
  is n't that the aim penalty from getting mindfrayed ? 
  honestly , i 'd say reduce their innate defense , but give them tk field . 
  the two people are ( most likely ) conscripts doing their reserve training and ordered to be the opposition . 
  i 've been through estonian reservist training and it gets mind-numbingly boring at a certain point after basic training . 
  probably not outright malice on the part of the two people or their superiors , though . 
  just grunts bored out of their mind , being stupid enough to think it 'd be funny . 
  and to see if they could get away with what was at least slightly creative interpretation of their orders . 
  a word of warning , though : incpcs does n't take learning speed buffs into account . 
  it gets wonky as the skill level approaches 50 and terribly wonky when it passes 50 , to the point of advancing the skill two to three times per command . 
  something to keep in mind if you 're thinking of creating a batch file and putting fifty lines of `` incpcs archery '' in it . 
  there 's also the issue where , if you max out a single skill at a time , you gain fewer total level-ups than if you had advanced the skills in parallel . 
  followers can still take damage and die while they 're `` resting '' . 
  the ai stops targeting them , but they can still be hit and by stray spells , shouts and even charge melee attacks . 
  it 's also possible to deal so much damage on a killing blow , that they are still in `` dead '' levels of hp even with the instant healing from being knocked to `` resting '' status . 
  there 's also a more powerful form of immortality that makes characters unkillable while resting , but only the most quest-critical npcs like ulfric and tullius have it . 
  completely agree with this . 
  a while ago , someone suggested having a choice of several `` reinforcement routes '' just outside the map borders , and randomly selecting one each time a wave of enemies needs to be spawned . 
  and from there , the enemy would have to move to the objective . 
  atmosphere and gravity . 
  if the plane tried to hover , then the atmosphere is going to drag the plane with it , meaning that after 24 hours of `` hovering '' , the plane would still be relatively close to the starting airport , because the atmosphere dragged it along . 
  second , the hovering part is n't even possible , because gravity would pull the plane back to the ground . 
  what keeps an airplane in the air , is the flow of air under the wings working against gravity . 
  and the flow of air happens when the speed of the airplane is much slower than the speed of the air . 
  probably because making ai believably pretend it does n't know where you are until it spots you is hard . 
  not drinking alcohol . 
  the battle of ghalkin gol , in which soviets utterly trashed the japanese and their armored forces , led to a soviet-japanese non-agression pact , which lasted almost to the end of the war . 
  it 's hard to say what could 've been , if that pact had not existed . 
  let 's be honest , the main reason the union did n't manage to ruin all of the ecology in the name of industrial progress , was because there was just too much land and water to ruin . 
  looking at the preview model , i 'd say the top radiator grills are probably a weak zone . 
  you 'll need to fire down into them from higher ground , of course , which can be difficult . 
  there are a few beneficial dialogue interactions that require intelligence to pass . 
  the benefits of intelligence alone are n't worth the points in the end , though . 
  it 's not that there is zero benefit , but you will always be better off specializing in whatever stat you actually use the subskills for . 
  let 's be honest , a brazilian that 's interested in a system with more fps will get a pc . 
  you are not alone in asking that question . 
  i read an opinion article recently asking the same question and arriving at the conclusion that the whole proposal is a perfect example of how completely disconnected the estonian political elite are from the real world . 
  master of magic . 
  it has a couple of spiritual successors , but it needs a proper sequel . 
  finding a map from a curio and scouting after entering a new room follow different rules . 
  it 's not unusual to have the whole map revealed from finding a map . 
  it 's very hard ( but not impossible ) to get a scouting roll good enough to reveal the whole map . 
  you 'd have to stack camp and trinket bonuses on a character that has high innate scouting . 
  for one , the plane-shifting mechanic . 
  for another , races in the spiritual successors tend to be lackluster , and i 've not seen one where it was possible/worth it to maintain a multi-racial empire for combining special units . 
  and finally , a lack of mid-game dungeons and environmental threats ; in the successors , you get to a point where you 're stomping bandit-tier enemies , but not yet strong enough to beat the dragons and whatnot , and there 's not really anything in-between these two extremes . 
  ah , and to be clear : by `` spiritual successors '' i mean the `` fallen enchantress '' and `` sorcerer king '' games by stardock . 
  sciii was not that good , i 'll admit , but it 's only terrible compared to scii . 
  it was a pretty standard case of being unable to innovate after a masterpiece . 
  the devs tried to innovate , and the result was not improved by it . 
  on the other hand , if they had n't innovated at all , it would have been the dos-game equivalent of an expansion pack being called a new game . 
  standing mercenary army , yeah . 
  it might be a teacher 's fault that everybody fails .
