  or in a more competitive setting , a match is n't settled in a single game , so both players get a chance to play as white . 
  let 's see if i can wrap my head around this math ... 
  the first ( sum option ) implies that one of my 2xggp married a full-blooded cherokee . 
  that then implicitly means that i have a minimum of 2/32 cherokees among my 3xggps , 4/64 among 4xggps , ultimately leading to ... a minimum of 1/16 + 16/256 . 
  this is just me failing at math . 
  and i do n't really understand what you mean with that ` simpler ' option . 
  but yeah , you 're right . 
  having a 1/15 ancestry is mathematically impossible ( without infinite sum ) unless one fudges with ancestry definitions to get what one wants . 
  thanks for the quick answer , 
  oh , the question was entirely hypothetical , inspired by a jesting post , and i got curious about the specific math problem with being 1/15th of something . 
  i 'm actually estonian , putting my ancestry pretty much on the other side of the world from the cherokee . 
  also , is the simpler way actually possible ? 
  i thought everyone got half their dna from each parent , unless we 're talking something unusual like having xxy gender alleles . 
  and if we 're splitting genetic hair that much , then how can i be sure that the 53,33 ( 3 ) % of the dna i ( hypothetically ) got from my father is exactly 1/8 cherokee and 7/8 something else ? 
  given that i 'm not a clone of my father , is n't it possible the proportions of dna passed on are not exactly 1:7 ? 
  feels like the ` simple ' method of being 1/15 cherokee is just dna semantics . 
  sorry if the words are starting to devolve into buffy-speak . 
  i 'm good with english , but it still is n't my first language . 
  and i 'm not that great at expressing myself in estonian , either . 
  this . 
  i earned my ace tanker on st.pz in my second game with it by killing silly corner-campers who thought they were arty-safe . 
  and they probably would have been from the pz . 
  ivb . 
  usually , i do n't get angry at arty . 
  if i die to arty , it 's my own damn fault for not taking the scumbags into account with my positioning . 
  unless it 's my own artillery piece i 'm raging at . 
  load a heat shell to deal with that pesky heavy two tiers higher than me ? 
  heavy is kind enough to be completely stationary holding a corner and lets me full-aim at him ? 
  nope , near miss , just wasted several k of credits , problem ? 
  being a reasonably competent td player , i must say that tds are a very varied bunch . 
  camo is always important , as is view range . 
  beyond that , there are too many variables to make generalizations about individual tank playstyle . 
  teamwork is different , though . 
  i can tell you that td teamwork is very much a two-way street , especially if your team is losing . 
  there is n't much a td can do if the heavies and mediums of the team are just making tactical blunders . 
  use the `` fall back '' quick-chat command pointing at friendly tanks ( especially heavies ) and hope that they actually understand the concept of tactical retreat , instead of being confused for a moment and then going around the corner again ( and losing another quarter of their health ) . 
  if your team is winning , though , map knowledge is important . 
  you need to know where to reposition in order to provide support fire . 
  generally , i recommend going for hard cover , possibly ridgelines if your td has good gun depression . 
  even if the defending enemy heavies and tds have spotted you , they are unlikely to focus on you if your friendly heavy tanks are out in the open while you can easily pull back behind a rock as soon as they start aiming at you . 
  which you should , by the way , instead of trying to take the hits . 
  if they turn to aim at you , then make them waste the time it took to turn their turrets . 
  edit : oh , and also make it clear to yourself how the spotting mechanics work . 
  the second half of [ this video ] ( http://youtu.be/hx0znhsedmu?t=3m18s ) ( by jingles ) is one of the best explanations i 've seen . 
  edit2 : grammar/spelling fails, 
  agree with the first part in principle . 
  apcr/ap possibly should start modelling overpenetration , i.e , doing much less damage if their penetration is too high compared to target armor . 
  disagree with heat idea , though . 
  turning heat into ' i just ammoracked you at full hp ' type of deal is n't a good idea . 
  to be fair , wg is nerfing it next patch . 
  making the autoload canisters smaller . 
  reload time will be slightly less too , ofc , but still an overall dpm decrease for both its ' guns . 
  the kv-1s . 
  that monster top gun makes it better than some tier 7 tanks . 
  it 's just way op for its ' tier . 
  they should either bump it up to tier 7 , or make it glacially slow , instead of having it be reasonably mobile as it is now . 
  was in op 's shoes a couple months ago . 
  also , you should n't expect any of this advice to remain actual for long . 
  there are pretty solid rumors going about that wg is planning to rework accuracy again , in a way that would buff tanks with very accurate guns ( i.e , ze germans ) . 
  and also stuff about completely reworking the spotting mechanics in the future . 
  prevents it from clipping more than one , unless some of them are one-shots anyway . 
  which implies actual teamwork . 
  and teamwork is definitely not something to be nerfed . 
  the technology to make men redundant is being worked on . 
  well , an execution sentence is n't murder , even if it is still killing . 
   i 'm not saying i 'm for or against it in this or any case, 
  you think an execution is still murder if it is an entirely legal criminal sentence , carried out by an authority sanctioned by society to do so ? 
  that definitely sounds like you 're against execution in general . 
  absolutely agree with this . 
  heavy tanks , especially older lines , have suffered from power creep and it 's nice to see those tanks rebalanced to become competitive again in high-tier matchups . 
  it 's perfectly fine for the front armor ( ufp ** and ** lfp ) of a heavy tank to be impervious to standard ammo of meds of the same tier and their gold not being auto-pen . 
  of course , one problem with step 2 . 
  a competent vk driver will know to track you when you 're trying to rush . 
  and friendly teamwork ? 
  are you sure we 're still talking about random games in wot ? 
  i think he 's referring to north korea . 
  or possibly the idea that russia used to be socialist and is now seemingly on the road to fascism . 
  i know i have it here somewhere ... ah . 
  here we go . 
  hey ... wait a sec . 
  why does this ticket say `` to siberian gulag in cattle car '' ? 
  out of curiosity , op . 
  the game that gave you the idea . 
  was it [ this one ] ( http://wotreplays.com/site/1051341?secret=2d6a04deae8123ce59684766c0349ce7 ) ( eu server replay ) ? 
  because that ping spam was actually slightly impressive even by wot standards . 
  except that this was more likely to happen with the t-34 because of how its ' drive system worked . 
  pressing down the pedal slowed down , taking the foot off accelerated , making uncontrolled acceleration more likely if the driver was killed . 
  after asking a relative who is more musically inclined than i am ( but not a redditor ) , all we could come up with was `` hakkame mehed minema '' by g. ernesaks . 
  an old song , but not actually an original folk song . 
  you do actually hear it through the air , and it affects what your voice sounds like to yourself . 
  just cover your years and say something , sounds different , does n't it ? 
  apparently , the ratio at birth is around 105:100 in favor of men , after discounting artificial anomalies ( i.e , gendercide in china and india ) . 
  exact cause unknown , but unspecified demographers theorize it 's an evolutionary counterbalance to men being more likely to die at a young age . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.livescience.com/33491-male-female-sex-ratio.html ), 
  truth is a lie, 
  i am around 195cm ( 6 ' 5 '' ) tall and broad shouldered . 
  just overweight enough that people do n't assume i 'm good at basketball . 
  but they are still completely shocked to discover that i 'm not strong enough to move heavy furniture without getting tired a few minutes in . 
  and then you rejoice , when you realize the enemy tank is now feeling the effects of gun depression , unable to point its ' gun low enough to hit you . 
  hmm ... what are the odds that you 're going to be called a cheater after killing someone with this bug ?
