  140mm shells are a lot bigger than 120mm shells , so you have fewer shells in stowage with the bigger gun . 
  not only that , but bigger shells are slower to handle and reload , even with autoloaders . 
  yeah , the papacy is weird . 
  most of the pope 's special privilege stuff is listed somewhere in a tooltip in the religion page . 
  or maybe just in the `` culture/religion rules '' page that pops up when the game starts . 
  the point is to reduce the amount of bureaucrats employed by the federal government without a rushed effort to analyze which bureaucrats and departments can be axed or downsized . 
  people will quit , retire and occasionally even get fired for misconduct and whatnot . 
  as long as the hiring freeze is in effect , the departments ca n't replace this attrition and will have to adapt to having fewer employees . 
  this way , there is n't resentment over people getting fired `` because of trump '' . 
  the decisions for what 's redundant and what is n't will be internal within each department , meaning they 'll do their analysis gradually at their own pace . 
  this gradual shift would avoid many problems that might come from a rushed analysis of what jobs are necessary , if trump mandated some arbitrary amount of people that each department has to fire by some arbitrary deadline . 
  despite the silliness of how video games work compared to reality , there are other aspects to this . 
  there is something to be said for overkill against ifvs . 
  not everything a tank encounters is another tank . 
  a 120mm shell is just as deadly to an ifv as a 140mm , so you 'd want more ammo over greater killing power per shell in that situation . 
  hmm ... only outright reputable journalists i can think of are wikileaks . 
  breitbart is biased as fuck , on the same level as cnn , but at least they 're not making any pretense of being `` unbiased and impartial '' . 
  they 're not a `` good '' site , by any means , but they 're a good place to go to to see the other side of the argument and make an educated guess for a truthful middle-point between breitbart and cnn . 
  campus reform , despite their narrow scope , does a decent job at avoiding editorialization and direct values-judgment bashing ; though admittedly , they are clearly biased in their selection of reporting only the negative aspects of ideology in education . 
  and exactly how is free speech on climate change being suppressed ? 
  are climate change viewpoints being censored in the news ? 
  are they being denied their right to peaceful rallies and protests ? 
  given bucky v. valeo and citizens united , are they being prevented from donating to politicians who agree with their stance on climate change , or from investing into companies that support green energy ? 
  free speech only means climate change experts and believers will be allowed to speak their mind on the issue , to anyone willing to listen . 
  it does not imply an obligation for all listeners to agree , or even an obligation to listen . 
  for now , the t_d interpretations seems to be along the lines of `` the president is planning to send the feds to investigate the chicago mayor and police force for incompetence/corruption to see why they 're ineffective at handling on the situation . '', 
  or : investigate the mayor and police force for incompetence/corruption . 
  except the press would probably extract the exact same alarmist tweet , or something even more negative , by cutting together and `` interpreting '' out-of-context soundbites from the press conference to make the president look like an iron-fisted tyrant eager to send in the goons to crack down on unrest . 
  banning immigrants and refugees certainly seems to be working for israel and japan . 
  immigration without enforced integration is a disaster literally everywhere it 's been tried . 
  massive rise in crime rate , civil unrest and the birth of no-go ethnic enclaves . 
  that 's not something we want in the us . 
  as far as i can tell , we have a choice between trump 's irresponsible vagueness and the media 's irresponsible deceptiveness . 
  there is no length that the media wo n't go to , no mental gymnastics they wo n't perform , in order to keep bashing the president . 
  except 100,000 soldiers in the army was * nowhere near * enough for a major european country like germany to carry out defensive operations of any kind . 
  especially since military doctrine at the time still dictated the only way to win a war was through offense . 
  no matter how the entente dressed it up and justified it , the intention of the versailles treaty was to cripple germany 's military ability to the point that it could keep its ' internal unrest in check if needed , but still be utterly defenseless if the other european powers decided the situation in germany was developing in a direction that needed a foreign intervention . 
  alright , let 's get started , then . 
  perks are important ; do n't bother with bows unless you have the 1st archery perk ( which you said you have ) . 
  even then , archery does n't really become powerful until you get the second tier of perks in that tree . 
  in addition , archery range and damage depend on your stamina ( both current and maximum ) . 
  running out of stamina inflicts a very serious damage and range penalty . 
  you need to level up and take stamina to increase your effective range . 
  i recommend training on animals before trying your luck against bandits . 
  i also recommend crossbows over regular bows early-on ; that way you can reload and wait for stamina to regen before you shoot , rather than being at your low point at the moment of shooting . 
  however , i will note that the projectile flat-out vanishing might suggest that you 're experiencing some kind of bug or mod conflict . 
  additionally : the perks thing applies to sneak as well . 
  low level sneaking is not as powerful as it was in vanilla , and absolutely requires the first sneak perk . 
  sneak-running is n't viable at all until you get past the 50 sneak threshold . 
  you need to slow-walk while sneaking a lot of the time . 
  at very early levels , you might even need to remain stationary and let patrolling enemies pass to actually get around them . 
  a muffle perk or enchant is also going to make a huge difference at that level . 
  additionally : even wearing light armor * still causes noise * . 
  less so than heavy armor , yes , and it will eventually become insignificant , but at low levels every little thing matters . 
  in general , all classes have these kinds of problems . 
  early on , your character is simply not very capable at taking on more than one enemy at a time . 
  and even then , elite and boss bandits , many forsworn and any kinds of mages , can be too powerful for you to handle , even 1v1 , at that point in the game . 
  what requiem is all about , really , is that one moment . 
  the moment where you realize you 're casually stomping enemies that you used to run away from . 
  the moment where you first realize you 've become powerful . 
  the basic gist of the study : people whose native language does not have a grammatical future tense are more receptive to policies considering the future . 
  they hypothesize it 's because for people who speak languages that do have a future tense subconsciously think that things in the future are something distant and uncertain . 
  meanwhile in languages that do n't have a grammatically distinct future tense , any speaking of the future would use the present tense , making people subconsciously consider the future something more immediate and certain . 
  never claimed it was a good study . 
  although the reasons for estonia using coal-power so much is a lot more nuanced than just `` estonians do n't care about the environment/future '' . 
  until very recently , the country would have been completely dependent on russia for its ' energy needs if it coal had n't made it an energy exporter . 
  and russia has a habit of attaching political strings to economic deals , especially if they know their partner does n't have other options . 
  without that coal power , estonia would n't have a future outside of russians deciding our future for us . 
  finland , on the other hand , has been well-connected to sweden and the rest of scandinavia since the cold war , allowing them to import green energy from the west . 
  their own geography is also better-suited to renewable energy than estonia 's . 
  perhaps you could reduce the define mentioned by / u/zakmackay to the level that you want , and then make sure that everyone other than your custom species gets a corresponding habitability buff to their own homeworld as a planet modifier ? 
  then again , i 'm not 100 % sure how the habitability works . 
  possibly , you ca n't increase homeworld habitability with modifiers either . 
  nice , i think this will come in handy at some point . 
  also , you forgot to escape some meaningful symbols in your emote . 
  you need to put a backslash ( \\ \\ ) in front of symbols that have a meaning . 
  for instance :, 
  what you type : ( \\ \\ \\ ^ . \\ \\ \\ ^ ) ; result : ( \\ ^ . \\ ^ ), 
  what you type : ( \\ ^ . \\ ^ ) ; result : (^.^), 
  or alternatively , if we end up with trump requesting and getting permission from the republican controlled congress . 
  further advocacy : do we really want some nevertrump republican asshole to win after the god emperor 's eight years are up , just because they 're the only candidate running that has mainstream party loyalty behind them on account of the democrats being dead as a political party ? 
  i think that saying needs an amendment . 
   #lies , damn lines , statistics and news . 
  why ? 
  i mean , i could understand public elections , where anonymity is important , but remotely participating in shareholder meetings is all about verifying the voters ' identities as shareholders . 
  it does n't , probably . 
  people used to die way more when caught by natural disasters back before modern communications , even if they had made preparations . 
  it was mostly about where people built their settlements . 
  there just were n't as many permanent settlements in areas that regularly got heavily flooded and torn up by typhoons . 
  if farming/fishing/trade was really lucrative , they 'd just settle temporarily and move back inland/uphill for the typhoon season . 
  we need more decent satirists like you here . 
  thanks for adding fresh content !, 
  it depends . 
  you can take control of turrets without breaking concealment , even if enemies have los on the turret , but not drones or mechs . 
  exploiting focus bonuses to get ahead on sub tech early in the war is very op in vanilla . 
  in black ice , that remains op if you maximize the various sub bonuses from doctrine and advisors . 
  there are some kind of break-points past which their stats can be boosted so high that they become effectively invulnerable to pre-1942 destroyers . 
  it comes down to early war destroyers having so garbage detection and sub attack stats that they ca n't detect/hit those optimized ahead-of-time subs . 
  then ai will eventually reach 1942 destroyers and the subs start dying in droves . 
  pretty sure .
