  it really is bullshit , is n't it ? 
  the official explanation is that estonia is such a small market , that stuff needs to be more expensive or the people that import it wo n't make a profit otherwise . 
  and it goes without saying that if they know they wo n't make a profit , they just do n't import in the first place . 
  a blog post from three years ago , and madison now explains it as his attempt to weigh the benefits and drawbacks of different ideologies . 
  helme , the ekre leader has said that it 's a blog post where madison expresses his personal opinion , and that they see no clearly outstanding support for fascist ideology in their party . 
  as far as i 'm concerned : benefit of doubt for now . 
  but i 'll do my best to keep an eye out for further statements by madison and ekre members for signs of fascism or nazism . 
  as far as my opinion on fascism goes , the ideology did has some positive short term economic and political benefits for a failing state in the ww2 era . 
  however , the reduction in rule of law are unnacceptable even considering the benefits , the long-term consequences of fascist governance make the system unsustainable in the long term and in the modern day and age of globalism , fascism 's short-term benefits only work for superpowers with significant natural resources , which can afford to be isolationist . 
  well , we did try to tell you russia had n't really changed . 
  but no , you just put on your rose-colored shades and told us we were paranoid and overreacting to stuff russia did . 
  i think they were founded before the minimum membership requirements were increased , and a few of the more active members continue to file the necessary paperwork to prevent the party from being dissolved . 
  disabling kill moves is a double-edged sword , though . 
  they 're really useful against undead opponents like draugr . 
  afaik , kill moves are triggered by an enemy starting an attack the game thinks is guaranteed to hit and kill you in one shot ; when such an attack happens , the game sometimes triggers a kill move , instead of going through the regular attack animation . 
  the problem is , the calculation for a potential one-shot is wonky and inaccurate , and the only check for `` is it guaranteed to hit '' is your distance from the enemy when the enemy is about to begin their attack animation . 
  thing is , kill move are based on health and weapon damage ( incl . 
  wielder skill modifiers ) . 
  it might calculate armor values , but i 'm certain it does n't include non-armor damage reduction . 
  so undead damage reduction is ignored in the `` is this attack enough to one-shot '' calculation made when checking the possibility of a kill move . 
  this allows you to trigger kill-moves against undead that would otherwise take three or four more hits to kill . 
  the solution against bandits is to recognize dangerous bandits ( two-handed weapons , heavy armor , orcish/elven weapons ) and stay far enough away they they need to use a charging power attack to hit you . 
  charging power attacks never trigger a killmove , since the game never considers them to be `` guaranteed to hit '', 
  while i 'm sure you 're right about your brother , there are quite a few countries in the world where cars in the roundabout * do not * have right-of-way , and must let through new cars entering the roundabout . 
  most prominently russia . 
  for the curious : the reasoning for this is that roundabouts quickly let thoroughfare routes of traffic through , allowing less-congested routes to move when the thoroughfare is empty . 
  still a stupid way of doing it , in my opinion , but whatever . 
  is n't there an `` acknowledge without legitimizing '' option ? 
  iron maiden + herbs guarantees good result , though . 
  also , if your heroes have positive quirk synergies , it might be worth putting them through therapy . 
  good example include : hatred of x and slayer of x on the same character . 
  three of four weald/ruins/warrens quirks on the same character . 
  several melee/ranged buffs on a melee/ranged class . 
  personally , i hope they add some new functionality to the strategic game that uses those quests . 
  basically , `` doom counters '' that lead to the hamlet falling to starvation , disease or the inhabitants fleeing the seemingly hopeless situation . 
  essentially , a way to actually lose the game . 
  estonia :, 
  * tactical cyberwarfare : shivs and mecs have +5 aim . 
  robotic enemies have -10 aim . 
  [ he certainly would . 
  ] ( http://www.deviantart.com/art/warframe-valkyr-443293924 ), 
  well , you do n't have to vote for every slot . 
  i only voted for the stuff i 'd seen and skipped the rest . 
  it still accepted my votes . 
  grandmother has your mother at 16 , your mother has you at 16 ( gm at 32 ) , you reach 16 and marry grandmother ( gm at 48 ) . 
  yep , having children with grandmother mathematically impossible , unless event-based children are involved . 
  i used deluge for a while , but switched to qbittorrent . 
  seems like the latter has a lot more functionality . 
  uhh ... qbittorrent has a web interface ? 
  til . 
  mostly i picked it because its ' interface for doing stuff was less clunky and it had options i could n't find on deluge . 
  i actually do n't remember anymore what it was i could figure out on deluge . 
  i think prioritizing files for downloads was something that gave me trouble on deluge . 
  what would be the anabaptist stance on a national service situation , where in order to be law-abiding , you would have to serve in the military ? 
  as i said in another post below , i no longer remember what it was deluge did n't have that made me look for an alternative . 
  i prefer war thunder . 
  wot just is n't fun to play anymore , unless you play an op autoloader or a big russian derpgun . 
  which is really unfortunate for a commited wehraboo like myself . 
  if there are any guaranteed places for the armor , they 're most likely in soltheim , and in my experience , it 's not a smart choice to go there before level 25 . 
  the crafting perk associated with it was changed from advanced armor to orcish armor in 1.8 , and it now requires orichalcum ingots instead of ebony . 
  as far as finding it in random loot goes ... 
  i think it 's more likely to be found in solstheim , but i do n't really know for sure if that 's the case . 
  i have played the tiger i , and i found the experience to be very , very underwhelming . 
  it ca n't carry a game if your team is sucking out , because it 's not a real ht in wot . 
  it 's a turreted , armored td for its ' tier . 
  if i wanted to play a td , i might as well play something from the td branch of the tech tree . 
  admittely , i first got the tank way back before they introduced physics , when the whole game was very different from what it is now . 
  but even with the rof buffs to the long 88 , it 's just not an exciting tank to play . 
  bush-camping with a supposed heavy tank is just barely above clicker gameplay . 
  it 's better now than it used to be , and i 've learned to play to its ' strengths , but that does n't change the fact that it ca n't be effectively played as a heavy . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  what 's the point of having variety among german tanks , if most of them need to be played as tds regardless of their nominal role ? 
  ah , yes . 
  that 's absolutely true . 
  i 've only been to solstheim with a patch that makes it the absolute endgame content for requiem ( level 60 + ) . 
  i know that it 's not as hard with other patches , and figured level 25 would be just about fair , considering how that 's roughly the point when you become capable of taking on dragons without invincible allies to back you up . 
  i guess i 'm still doing something wrong , then . 
  whenever i try to use the tiger for breakthrough , i just get tracked and shot to death by soviet 122mm guns or autoloaders . 
  or kv-2 152-derp . 
  and war thunder is different , especially in realistic and sim battles . 
  the long-range fights are actually exciting , because of how much more realistically wt handles damage to tanks . 
  if you get long range shots and moving enemies in wot , then it 's about chipping away at their health pool as much as possible before they move out of your los . 
  in wt , you have the potential to oneshot every tank you can reliably penetrate . 
  i agree the tiger p is much better as a brawler , but it depends a lot on which map it gets put on by mm . 
  very fun to play on himmelsdorf , not so fun on el halluf . 
  did n't the devs say that they made the conscious design choice to not add `` healing dealt '' buffs to the game ? 
  * positive *, 
  * camaraderie : +15 % stress resist if no religious characters in party, 
  * experienced : +5 % to all skills and resistances, 
  * negative *, 
  * illiterate : ca n't read ( never gets positive results from written objects ; increases chance of ` no effect ' result accordingly ), 
  i use nrm now , too , but the last time i actually went to solstheim was in 1.7.3 using azirok 's db remade patch . 
  as far as requiem is concerned , this is working as intended . 
  same as the reduced potency of fortify smithing/enchanting/alchemy bonuses . 
  there are passive bonuses from frequently using shouts , as well as knowing words of power . 
  basically , if you want to reduce your shout cooldown in requiem , learn more words and use shouting in combat as often as possible . 
  the bonuses from items are just a useful bonus on top of that . 
  hmm ... even without modding , it 's possible to use ` player.setscale x.xx ' to scale your character model up or down , with 1.00 being `` normal '' . 
  i 've used it to scale a few of my warrior-type tanky characters up to 1.05 , which makes them about a head taller . 
  never tested scaling down , though .
