  the heavy fighter concept was popular in the luftwaffe during the interwar period , and into the early stages of the world war . 
  but the whole concept proved itself futile when they decided the heavy fighters ( in their bomber-escort role ) needed to have their own escort of single-engine fighters to be protected from enemy fighters . 
  also , heavy fighters are good at interception missions , defending your territory from enemy bombers . 
  actually , thinking some more about it , heavy fighters do have another niche role in really large air zones , like you get in africa , asia and the northern parts of the soviet union . 
  their range lets them have full coverage attacking into air zones that bf109s or equivalents would have trouble with . 
  but trying to maintain air-sup over britain with heavy fighters is a fool 's errant . 
  they just produce too many regular fighters . 
  there are two ways to do sealion , both of them depend on cheesing fascist war fabrication at 0 % tension . 
  early sealion : massive commitment to paratroopers and air superiority from day 1 . 
  ignore tank tech . 
  ignore political focus trees except rheinland and anschluss . 
  go for industry and luftwaffe focuses . 
  justify on britain directly , without using a focus . 
  try and invade with paras in september 1937 or april 1938 at the latest . 
  the idea is to crush britain before they complete the rearmament focuses or ally with france . 
  late sealion : conquer the baltics before the brits can guarantee them . 
  boost fascist in poland and aim to get * danzig for slovakia * . 
  do n't take soviet pact focus . 
  conquer the soviet union by 1942 . 
  then attack the allies . 
  break france with paras , then push them out of africa , then slug it out with the rn using soviet steel and oil . 
  blockade and strat-bomb the british isles until you get air superiority because their factories , airports and navy ports are continuously crippled . 
  then send paratroopers/marines in to take the ports . 
  the ai is smart enough to garrison ports , but if you put paratroopers on all provinces around the port , they get a massive encirclement penalty , letting you take the port before out of supply penalties kick in . 
  was n't there a part where jospeh got the voice of ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ an angel modifier telling him otherwise ? 
  or ... he 's so desperate for an heir with good stats that he does n't care if it 's not his ? 
  there 's plenty of ways to balance that . 
  for one , foreign council members refuse to sell favors unless they 're already amoral and/or hate their liege . 
  i do n't think favor-forced plot-invites would be op , if there were stringent requirements to getting favors from foreign realms . 
  i.e , the only reliable way would be spy focus , locking you out of other focus benefits . 
  heck maybe even have a minimum of something like 13 intrigue to get option of a blackmailed-favor out of a spy focus event , just so drooling idiots ca n't get favors this way . 
  point is , there are ways to balance favor-forced plot invites , and it would add some much-needed depth and usefulness to favors . 
  by 1939 , britain has enough troops garrisoning the isles that it 's not viable to just quickly blitz the ports and vps . 
  which leaves a slow , high-casualty slog as the only option . 
  and germany , for all its ' available factory slots , does n't have the resource base of the british empire to back it up until it conquers the soviet union . 
  heavy fighters and invading netherlands both work . 
  and this is one of the few niche situations where heavy fighters are useful , outside of using them for interception missions . 
  fair enough . 
  i admit , i have n't really bothered to play in the new world . 
  by the time i 've conquered eurasia and africa , finishing off the us just seems like a pointless formality . 
  my guess : daniel found a way to cheese to victory in a developer mp game . 
  basically , the usa was still locked out of its ' military industry focuses , even though daniel was attacking them . 
  so they patched that . 
  it used to be worse : the warning would sound every time the ai assigned an invasion plan . 
  and then they would immediately abandon it when they lost naval superiority . 
   not sure if enough ( seems too dry and cut ) , but a big step forward fixing port strike . 
  did n't they already fix the part where port strikes were unblockable ? 
  pretty sure i read some patch notes saying interception missions over the port 's land province air zone will engage the bombers ( subject to regular air spotting rules ) . 
  i 'll put it plainly , the decline of quality in core gameplay loop has made me unhappy to the point that i 've stopped playing . 
  the only reason i 've remained subscribed to this sub , is because i still have some residual emotional investment from being a founder . 
  that 's it . 
  the vast majority of unhappy players are just leaving the game and the community , never to return . 
  most people do n't realize it , but good biker outfits are some of the best body armor you 'll find outside the military . 
  that 's how dangerous bikes really are to drive . 
  it 's worth noting that manors are rarely abandoned . 
  the ones that still have walls standing tend to be owned by companies ( museums , private schools etc. ), 
  or rich private individuals . 
  trying to explore old manor houses can easily get you in trouble for trespassing or b&e , unlike exploring abandoned soviet-era stuff such as factories and abandoned military bases . 
  alright , an actual explanation , then . 
  the only thing the communist revolution did in the ussr , was establish a new set of social classes based on political clout within the communist party . 
  on the highest level was the upper political leadership : a cabinet of politicians and top military officers were making the decisions about how and to whom the wealth produced by the workers gets distributed . 
  entering this class had little to do with actual merit , and more to do with loyalty to the regime and nepotism by those already in the class . 
  secondly , there were the higher-ranking officers of the soviet repressive structures : the nkvd/kgb and the military . 
  much of the redistribution of wealth went into the pockets of this class . 
  not only did the strength of the repressive machine prevent people from calling out the ideology as a sham , this class was also capable of deposing the administration . 
  and as we saw from the coup attempt in august 1991 , they did turn on the regime if they were at risk of losing their ability to embezzle off the enormous military budget ( which they saw as their `` share '' of the state 's wealth ) . 
  while there were a few more distinct classes in soviet society , such as the mid-level party bureaucrats and the intellectuals , these can all largely be lumped under the population , forced to support the top two classes with their work . 
  whether that work was ensuring propaganda discipline to maintain the legitimacy of the bandits in charge , or actually producing economic value in a factory or farm plot , is less important here . 
  the law in germany makes at least * some * sense . 
  nazism as an ideology is banned , and the symbols are likewise banned , except when depicting historical context in documentaries or other informative works . 
  the law considers video games to be in the same economic category as children 's toys . 
  and since `` toys '' are obviously intended for children , that makes nazi symbols inappropriate . 
  in addition , video games are also primarily about entertainment , not about being informative . 
  it makes sense , from the perspective of politicians who have zero understanding of video games as a form of entertainment . 
  apple 's weird criteria for enforcing policy does not make sense , unless the selective enforcement are decided on the spot based on subjective ideological grounds by employees . 
  that 's because it does n't count as `` hauling '' . 
  much like builders can cut down trees that are in the way even if plant-cutting is not allowed for them as a job . 
  -3 constraining clothes, 
  there is r/warshipsnuffporn for this kind of thing . 
  what the game really needs , is a more flexible diplomacy system . 
  support for separate peace and conditional surrender being the foremost . 
  it should also be possible to establish dmzs during the peace conference , as a way of reducing world tension . 
  rheinland is already demilitarized at the start of the game , so the code is clearly there . 
  even if the ai never uses the feature and pushes every war to the bitter end , it would add a lot of depth to the game if players had the choice do these things . 
  the predecessor to push-buttons was the flip-switch , a device that is also still in use today . 
  since buttons ' primary advantages over flip-switches come out of safety considerations , flip-switches remained adequate for industrial purposes until the 1970s , when people actually started giving a damn about workplace safety and osha regulations were established . 
  this goes a long way to explaining why there was no obvious `` button revolution '' in industry , with high numbers of patents involving buttons being filed as soon as buttons were invented . 
  the earliest patent for a push-button device i could find was for a push-button control for elevator doors , dating to 1917 . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.google.com/patents/us1329712?dq=button&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiyisbx047pahwkzpokhas0apyq6aeildac ), 
  it 's possible , but there are far to many variables to make this kind of speculation predictable . 
  still , i think it 's unlikely propaganda and repression allowed by modern technology would have kept the ussr and eastern bloc together . 
  the eastern bloc regimes were kept afloat by the guarantees of military assistance from the ussr . 
  the ussr itself was on the way to bankruptcy as it tried to keep up in the superpower arms race during an extended period of low oil prices . 
  technologically , the ussr was behind the west in everything other than military development . 
  their consumer electronics in particular were * entire decades * behind the curve , and this was because of deliberate policy . 
  the regime of the ussr was * afraid * of having something as advanced and potent as a personal computer in the hands of average civilians . 
  namely the context of brave is this : that particular founder of firefox was kicked out because he refused to go along with some pc bullshit being pushed by leftists of the group . 
  seems like you know what you 're talking about . 
  care to explain what goes wrong with gas in a diesel engine , in the same concise manner ? 
   diesel engines can be built without any electrical components at all , but require a little more strength than gasoline engines because they need to compress their air a little harder .
