  when i was tier 5 , i always thought he sucked , because it had so little chance of penning . 
  i missed out on so much derpy fun with the hetzer ... 
  thankfully , it 's never too late to make up for it . 
  hetzers are cheap . 
  oh i know . 
  i 've been making up for that loss . 
  what i love most is seeing some matilda drivers suddenly freeze and go all wtf ?!, 
  when they 're top tier and suddenly lose half their health . 
  then i 'm afraid the only idea i have left is the absolute final solution : uninstall skyrim and all mods ; erase all settings and mods , perform a clean installs of vanilla skyrim , skse and mo , proceed with requiem install from there . 
  of course , it 's perfectly understandable to give up on installing requiem instead of doing all that . 
  good answer , though i suspect you 're overlooking the option of refining lubricants from agricultural products similar to how we make biodiesel . 
  sure , the result would likely be inferior in quality and/or significantly more expensive to produce that current lubricants , but it would n't be the end of machine lubrication . 
  was going to comment on you being stupid to go into that situation , but then i noticed you were in a platoon . 
  not as stupid to go there with a kv-85 backing you up . 
  might have been enough to make the average lemming train line up and camp a ridge or corner one at a time . 
  but unfortunately the enemy push was n't made up of morons , so they just did the right thing and swarmed the two of you . 
  exactly my point . 
  short-sighted and foolish ? 
  definitely . 
  just like our continued reliance on fossil fuels , despite the existence of wind , solar , nuclear and other alternative sources of power . 
  something being short sighted and foolish does n't mean humanity wo n't do it . 
  except comcast 's cables , servers and other infrastructure are n't just going to vanish into a black hole with such a court order . 
  they would be sold at state auctions . 
  a big case like that would be highly publicized and those auctions would be a perfect opportunity for new start-up isp-s that would ( hopefully ) end up competing with each other over the market share . 
  or , as you described , at&t would just buy out everything and become even bigger monopoly . 
  if the government even allows such monopolistic expansion , the same `` corporate death sentence '' could also be applied to at&t . 
  that is of resentment tu estonia . 
  estonian ssr was of occupation , not of freedom . 
  for people who do n't speak estonian : this does n't mean every armored vehicle is actually called a ` tank ' in estonian . 
  there are separate nouns for ifvs , apcs and the like . 
  calling any armored vehicle a ` tank ' just a phenomenon in news media . 
  no , but paying monopoly rent in chocolate coins is definitely fair game now . 
  not pictured : while estonia is heading back , she takes a detour raid through sweden . 
  yup , estonia viking-raided the vikings . 
  also : flair up . 
  in the short term , possibly . 
  but true competition between smaller isps would either drive the prices down or lead to improved service quality ( i.e , no more throttling of bandwidth ) . 
  the steps list to the point that they make a  shape relative to `` down '' direction defined by gravity , causing your feet to slide down steps as you try to walk on them . 
  ship staircases are generally steep to begin with , and it 's not that hard for those staircases to turn into outright vertical shafts . 
  eesti can never into nordic . 
  but nordic ( and their clay ) will into eesti . 
  which are only used by dawnguard , silver hand and vigilants of stendarr . 
  and town guards have silvers arrows in their inventory ( not sure if they use them ) . 
  prokhorovka does n't have a stream running under the rail line . 
  numbers alone do n't win wars . 
  but it 's generally good to have more . 
  besides , winning a war against russia has never been the goal of the estonian military . 
  the point is to put up enough of a fight that russia would have to invade openly to win the conflict ... which is actually a loss for russia , because that pulls in the rest of nato . 
  copyright laws still apply , but they are different from the us . 
  most important bit ( slightly simplified ) : . torrent files do not contain copyrighted material , they 're just metadata that allows private computers to connect to each other and share the desired ( copyrighted ) information . 
  in the us , being involved with a copyright violation like this counts as a copyright violation for the site itself . 
  but by swedish law the site itself is n't violating copyright because it does not , at any point , hold the actual copyrighted information . 
  it 's only the users of the site that are violating copyright law . 
  at least that 's how swedish law worked back then , not sure if it still works that way today . 
  i would n't buy a console ... but i would definitely buy a pc port , even if it is as shitty as every other pc port . 
  you feel threatened . . because your neighbors want to have the ability to defend themselves from your missiles ? 
  seriously what the fuck kind of logic is that ? 
  edit : i mean , really . 
  if you have no aggressive intentions toward your neighbors , why would you be threatened by something like that ? 
  regarding saves : if you make a change and save the game , then the change should stick to that save and future saves of the same character . 
  however , if you load a different character , or an older save of the same character , you 'd have to apply it again . 
  there 's also the possibility that requiem scripts will try to reset the change . 
  it probably only does it when it 's first initializing its ' starting scripts , but i have n't tested this out yet , so i ca n't be sure . 
  tommy-gunning ice spikes i can accept . 
  it 's the infinite-duration wards that those cheating bastards can put up that piss me off . 
  thanks for this fix , i 'll definitely put this in ... once i fix my skyrim . 
  the missile systems planned to be placed in poland were not capable of intercepting icbms targeted at the us , so it did not threaten russia 's strategic deterrent . 
  and yet russia was still threatened by them , because it prevented them from launching intermediary range missiles at countries in eastern europe . 
  none of those countries have a nuclear arsenal . 
  so do explain it to me if you 're so well educated , no need to be simplistic , i can handle complex terms . 
  why did russia still feel threatened by the abm system if it had no intention of attacking nato countries in eastern europe ? 
  or am i mistaken in my assumption and russia does intend to invade the frontier countries of nato ? 
  any downside to uninstalling geforce experience ? 
  not really . 
  if estonia offered to trade , we 'd be consenting to the russian version of the story that kohver was a spy , which he was n't . 
  so a trade is not going to happen , even if we did catch a few russian spies . 
  alright , thanks for the help . 
  wrex : shepard . 
  in estonia , it 's the volunteers going on missions like that . 
  the conscripts are only mobilized in the event of a conventional war . 
  basically , if putin snaps and decides europe is ripe for conquest . 
  i 'm fairly certain it 's the same way for sweden , but do n't quote me on that . 
  what ? 
  we will ? 
  after how deep into debt they 've dragged our country ? 
  who cancelled the plan of taking it all out of their pensions ? ^ / s, 
  while i completely agree , the problem is there are no specific agencies dealing with tourism . 
  the customer protection board is the only place i know of that you could send a complaint to . 
  they deal with all customer complaints across the country . 
  contacting tourists who have made complaints for their follow-up investigation is enough of a hassle that they prioritize complaints made by residents . 
  most likely because doing so gives them a higher case clearance for the reported statistics . 
  and even then , doing something about it is difficult . 
  even if the hostel attracts official attention to the point of being forcibly shut down , it only means a stop in business for a week or two , as they sell the property for a pittance to one of their `` business partners '' , create a `` new '' hostel in the same place , hire back the same indifferent employees , write up the same fake reviews . 
  and boom : a decent surface illusion of a clean slate . 
  oh , and this is without my rant on how the centre party is purposely running the city into the ground . 
  hmm . . in handwriting , \u0433 can be rather similar to a dotless i. 
  of course , note that the text consistently refers to * private * colleges . 
  in many countries outside ` murica , public colleges make up a significant part of the higher education system , if not a majority part . 
  the mechanism of rich parents paying to get their child admitted can also work with public colleges , though there are a few minor nuances . 
  the ifs and hows depend on a lot of factors , particularly the country you 're in and your chosen specialization .
