  they did n't mess it up . 
  they just stayed true to the 35fps cap the original doom had . 
  but you 're right , the graphs make it downright obvious . 
  if the software was aiming for 60fps , then fps would be way less consistent on those graphs . 
  [ apparently , yes , it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmsbaizeqkk ), 
  though it 's quite clear that this is probably best attempted if you already have experience overclocking things . 
  magic in general is op . 
  the game becomes reasonably easy when you reach 50 in any magic discipline ( esp . 
  destruction ) and goes into `` completely broken '' territory after 75 . 
  in short , mage armor eventually becomes superior to heavy armor and is n't remarkably inferior to light armor even at low levels . 
  for training , i recommend turning up how many times you 're allowed to train in a single level and pay for evasion training . 
  `` natural '' armor training is impossibly slow . 
  especially because training armor skill by allowing yourself to be hit is nothing but a quick way to die . 
  a hard choice between galatea and miria . 
  i think my actual favorite shifts between those two every now and again . 
  galatea because she 's badass enough that in combat she 's more worried about her own looks than about defeating her enemy ( because she 's confident she 'll win ) . 
  also , hot . 
  miria , because she 's the kind of person that 's easy to look up to . 
  a good leader who genuinely cares about her subordinates . 
  not as hot as galatea , but still hot . 
  especially now with the cool scars . 
  honorable mention goes to undine . 
  i do n't know what it was about her character , but i really liked her . 
  so sad that she died . 
  thankfully , there 's always headcanon and fanfics . 
  night can actually be that dark even if it 's not really cloudy and/or foggy . 
  ambient nighttime light depends heavily on how far north/south you are . 
  closer to the poles , it can be very dark at night during autumn , even if there is moonlight and the weather is clear . 
  the light pollution from cities is a thing , but it depends a lot on the size of the city and whether or not they have the budget to keep things like streetlights lit through the night . 
  although yes , human eyes do adapt to the darkness slowly , and i 've seen this adaption simulated even in arma ii . 
  holy shit those lightning strikes are beautiful . 
  and the party defined it as `` mission accomplished '' , of all things !, 
  you just do n't get this kind of awesome any other game format . 
  god-eye galatea , hands down . 
  `` i sprained my shoulder firing all those bullets ! '', 
  looks to me like this kind of thing was exactly the reason the second amendment was created . 
  then again , perhaps without the sa , the cops would n't feel the need to arm themselves so heavily ? 
  eh , who are we kidding , they 're getting the weapons because they can , not because they need them . 
  and because the military is pretty much giving them away . 
  never thought the undermanned-to-the-point-of-uselessness estonian police force i 'm familiar with would ever compare favorably to anything . 
  this should probably be flaired cringe . 
  but yeah , the title is spot-on . 
  bfb is generally a much tougher dungeon in requiem than it is in vanilla . 
  the final room is particularly punishing even without additional mods . 
  and for a good reason . 
  if you ca n't beat bfb , then you have little to no chance of beating the first dragon fight ( wounded dragon at western watchtower ) , because dragons are actually a major challenge in requiem . 
  spoiler about bfb below :, 
  the final room has 20-something draugr in it that can completely mob you . 
  with their usual undead damage resistance . 
  i have never completed bfb with any character that is n't a mage . 
  silver katana ? 
  i 'll have to look for that next time , then . 
  though i also have high hopes for my latest bosmer ranger build , especially since i finished the legend of the red eagle quest and have a unique anti-undead weapon now . 
  up until this point , i was treating the giant slaughterfish as a terrain hazard more than anything . 
  knew to be afraid of these things in water , so i immediately swam to shore when combat music started playing . 
  since i did n't die , i figured i 'd stealth and wait it out on land . 
  scared me to pieces when i saw it making swimming motions in mid-air behind me as i turned around . 
  then realized it was n't actually moving and starting putting arrows in . 
  which is why people get be pissed if they ca n't take advantage of them because a webpage does n't have images with high enough resolution . 
  yes . 
  it is added by requiem . 
  i know of two places that have this beast . 
  lake illinata , near the lady stone ( where this picture was taken ) , and in the ghost sea , north of winterhold . 
  generally found in extremely deep water . 
  their attack will instakill you , and it 's possible they do n't have an attack animation ( meaning it instakills you when you touch it ) . 
  i do n't think it 's a lod model . 
  i do n't have additional screenshots , but the messed up floors were also present inside the ship . 
  i think it 's some minor detail ( like a floorboard ) being misrendered and smearing itself all over the scenery . 
  i hope not . 
  i only bought it two months ago . 
  eh , not sure how accurate that is . 
  most people i know are kind of neutral about him . 
  he 's better than the previous guy , who did stuff like giving medals to his old ekp comrades just because they were old friends or something . 
  just saying that i have n't seen any actual hate toward ilves . 
  it 's more like `` eh , probably could have someone worse . '', 
  ilves is useless , yes , but mostly harmless in the grand scheme of things . 
  unfortunately , that 's not the way it 's going . 
  the redone maps might be more balanced than previous incarnations , but they 're homogenous and boring . 
  this . 
  the big problem is that max render distance is n't that much larger than max spotting distance . 
  of course , your original suggestion of larger maps is probably not going to happen . 
  i recall reading something to the effect that wg is already working miracles with the old and outdated game engine . 
  you 're not alone . 
  my fingers are on the same keys ... though my left pinkie is a bit farther to the left , because my keyboard has the key for <  | between lshift and z. 
  i 'd go with :, 
  usa = chaos undivided, 
  rest is accurate . 
  took me a while to figure this one out . 
  do you mean the `` i need to attend to my affliction first '' message ? 
  if yes , then the message is from requiem , and requiem does n't let you rest or wait because it thinks you 're poisoned ( maybe diseased causes this too , not sure ) . 
  i do n't use battle and injuries myself , but it 's possible that it 's a conflict between requiem and battle & injuries . 
  my best guess : battle & injuries gives you a debuff because of wounds , requiem thinks the debuff is a poison effect and wo n't let you rest . 
  what exactly are you looking for ? 
  the racial daily ability ? 
  i think the breton one is named `` dragonskin '' , so look for that . 
  dunmer might be `` ancestor guardian '' , though i 'm even less certain of that one . 
  if you 're looking for passive racial bonuses , then i have no idea . 
  basic smithing . 
  wooden warstaff should be listed under iron . 
  what 's the problem with hearthfires ?
