  you were still seen by guards around the gates as you were sneaking in during the scripted portion . 
  and they 're going to notice the gourmet is n't anywhere to be found , dead or alive . 
  eh true enough . 
  and the cgcancer has a gun-arc made of salt and bullshit , so you would never have dodged it by rushing past , anyway . 
  yep . 
  there 's a reason they changed the creator idol bonus in hk . 
  the df version was leagues better than any other totem . 
  correct . 
  it 's not authoritarian . 
  it 's totalitarian . 
  the economy has been stagnant at best . 
  there 's just an illusion of improvement because the fed has been artificially keeping the interest rates low to make sure loans remain easy to get . 
  all of that `` growth '' is just people spending bank loans with little to no increase in production value or efficiency . 
  mages ? 
  not overpowered ? 
  weak in the early game ? 
  only if you restrict yourself from using destruction , conjuration and enchantment . 
  or if you purposely pick a race/standing stone that does n't synergize with mage abilities . 
  hmm ... 
  i thought i had that one bookmarked , but apparently not . 
  i could n't find the original article i read that from , but [ this one ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-09-08/stock-market-bubble-will-pop-social-mood-will-get-extremely-ugly ) 's in the same vein , although it glosses over the fed 's contribution to the mess , and does n't go into specific numbers as much as the one that convinced me did . 
  it varies . 
  the key issue with psychic powers being `` heresy '' or `` not heresy '' is that the power must be a ) used in service of the imperium , and b ) used under the orders of an imperial authority figure . 
  generally , the distinction is that the psyker must be * ordered * to use the more insidious psychic powers by their superiors , instead of doing so at their own judgment . 
  the big grey area is , of course , astartes librarians , inquisitors with psyker powers and any other psyker who holds a high enough rank that they could order psykers to use their powers . 
  since they have that much authority , there 's nobody to second-guess whether the use of their psychic powers is really done in service of the imperium and not in service of their own interests . 
  not only that , but the welfare benefits there are so terrible the refugees do n't want to stay in eastern europe , either . 
  there should be . 
  areas like that have some method of access with tools you get from later dungeons . 
  it also might be possible to get into the area from the other side : i.e , not from the side where karn threw you in , but from the side that you originally exited the area after karn threw you in . 
  get to the end of dungeon and backtrack from there . 
  here we go again ... 
  this has been done to death already , but whatever . 
  for the usa : a resurgence of manifest destiny . 
  before pearl harbor , it might even have meant continued isolationism while the us poured resources into * civilizing * falmart . 
  possibly to the point of not placing an embargo on japan and forcing them into a corner where war and economic collapse were their only option . 
  for the other two , it would depend on the stage of the war . 
  before pearl harbor or barbarossa , it would have meant postponing those operations . 
  both germany and japan were driven to expand by economic pressure . 
  they realized they were going to be left behind in the global arms race over the long term , because they just did n't have the resource-rich territories of britain , the us and the soviets had . 
  if either of them had the special region ( a whole planet worth of resources ) to exploit , then it would have been to their benefit to stall for time and build up their industry in the special region , where it would be immune to bomber attack . 
  in truth , the same applies to gaining access to the gate in the later stages of the war . 
  the existence of the gate instantly flips previous strategic considerations around . 
  now the onus is on the allies to attack before the resources of the sr make germany/japan into an unstoppable industrial powerhouse . 
  if the germans were already at war with the ussr , they 'd probably try and find favorable positions in which to dig in and hold the territory they 've taken . 
  japan likewise , would put itself on the defensive and avoid further risky gambits in the pacific . 
  they might even start suing for white peace , planning to, 
  exactly . 
  the world of fallout is massively depopulated due to not just the war , but also because the irradiated and toxic landscape limiting how much population can be supported by agriculture . 
  still , it 's an interesting scenario . 
  caesar 's legion did n't ( almost ) beat back the ncr with just numbers . 
  they did have guns of their own , and their officers did have a solid idea of how to deal with a gun-based army like the ncr 's . 
  they were n't going into battle against something they had never seen before or had any concept of . 
  the empire 's casualties against the ncr or the commonwealth bos would still be pretty bad . 
  what 's more , the native factions of fallout have room to maneuver . 
  the brotherhood in particular can tap into their knowledge base to adapt their doctrine to get the most of their lasers and power armor against an enemy as primitive as the empire . 
  the initial blow will be hard , but wastelanders of any faction are nothing if not survivors . 
  they can bide their time and wait for the wasteland to bleed the empire dry before counterattacking . 
  there are a lot of ways the empire 's campaign for conquest can go wrong . 
  `` inevitable cultural shifts '' and `` being on the right side of history '' are bullshit made up by the regressive demagogues who want those shifts to happen . 
  during the cold war , there were plenty of useful idiots in the west who loudly proclaimed communism as the one true and inevitable future for human social order and spoke about the imminent collapse of capitalism . 
  they 're a loud minority and nothing more . 
  all it takes to stop them , is not giving a shit about being called nasty names and having the spine to stand up for yourself and others . 
  sorry , no sources that i can think of . 
  i 've mostly inferred it from between the lines and concluded this is how it would make the most sense . 
  although i do vaguely recall that i based my inference on the description of the unsanctioned psyker character archetype described in one of the dark heresy supplements . 
  correction : there is a state type that has 0 base factory capacity . 
  i think only a couple of states in northern siberia use it , though . 
  probably more of states in africa should have it . 
  there was also the part where they threatened his wife , and her son . 
  wikileaks even provided proof , but of course no media outlet picked up on it . 
  for future reference , heavy fighters are great at interception because of their high air attack , but not that great at air superiority because of their low agility . 
  heavy fighters are great at shooting down enemies , but they also die more easily . 
  and they 're more expensive to produce than regular fighters . 
  so basically , they 're best used against bombers that do n't have good air attack . 
  maybe some kind of integration with the favor system ? 
  a way to get favors through intrigue/blackmail , plus the ability to use favors to force unwilling characters to join plots/factions . 
  this was the series ( or rather , the stream ) that convinced me to buy factorio for myself , so i could play it with that particular mod setup . 
  horrible , horrible mistake . 
  the game itself is great , but so , so very frustrating for me . 
  smelting the two primary angel 's ores directly is wasteful . 
  like with researching the research speed upgrades first , i feel that i should use the big ore-sorter to get the most out of those ores as soon as possible . 
  but i ca n't sort them effectively , because i do n't have filter inserters . 
  and i ca n't get filter inserters because i need to automate red and green science for that . 
  and i ca n't properly automate science because i ca n't sort the smelting i/o belts . 
  it 's great that you convinced me to get this amazing game , arumba . 
  i also hate you for introducing this new source of impotent frustration into my life . 
  and now it 's just showing a database error . 
  did anyone happen to archive it ? 
  op did n't call usa into their faction . 
  but the usa guarantees all nations in the new world . 
  this let fascist canada call usa into the war as a non-faction ally . 
  a further clarification : `` short '' in this context refers to the height of the turret , not the length . 
  soviet turrets had a lower profile than other tanks of the time , and when pointing the gun down , the gun breech inside would hit the low ceiling of the turret . 
  this , by the way , is why open-topped vehicles tend to have really good gun depression : there 's no ceiling to block them . 
  yeah . 
  someone did analysis on this a while back . 
  it 's possible patches have improved or rebalanced things since then , but the basic paradigm remains : heavy fighters on air superiority missions inflict slightly better casualties on the enemy , but are far more likely to die in the process than an equivalent number of regular fighters . 
  they do work in the short term , to protect a brief long-range strategic bombing campaign , but you ca n't win a long-term air war with them . 
  which is , in fact , historically accurate .
