  because that would mean you , as manager , are not just responsible for other people and incompetent at being responsible . 
  you 're responsible for people who failed to be promoted to manager because they are already incompetent where they are right now . 
  lw definitely fixes this problem with vanilla . 
  it 's possible to * believe * you 're doing well , or actually even objectively be doing well in the first six months . 
  and then have everything start spiraling out of control because you do n't have enough soldier reserves ( all veterans fatigued , rookies do n't survive without support anymore ) , or because you overextend in the air war , or because exalt screws over your funds/research at a critical point and you fall behind in weapons tech . 
  i think you need to remake the skyproc patch after adding a new ( non-texture ) mod with requiem 1.8 . 
  and i admit , ccor is a bit tricky to get working . 
  when i first installed it , the adjustable mining quantities did n't work . 
  my solution with nmm :, 
  * install requiem, 
  * install ccor ( allow ccor to overwrite requiem mining scripts ), 
  * adjust load order so that ccor is loaded before requiem . 
  ( or just let boss do it ), 
  * install requiem-ccor patch ( disable unneeded esps in load order , depending on what dlcs you have ), 
  * finally , run skyproc patcher and everything should work . 
  well , that was quite the hilarious audio edit . 
  rare to see qb going full noob like that . 
  though a lot of this was shit rng . 
  the street layout . 
  not only does every street curve somehow , there are actually streets that are intermittent and just stop and continue randomly . 
  yeah , 1.7 is without skyproc . 
  if you need uninstall ccor , then i would reinstall requiem afterwards , just to make sure the mining scripts are correctly restored . 
  it might still work without requiem reinstall , but i prefer not to take chances . 
  also , changing mining scripts will cause problems with old saves , because ore veins that are spawned for the first time will retain the mining script they were originally spawned with until the entire cell respawns . 
  among other things , i think ccor changes how mining script assignment works , so i 'm not sure what will happen if ccor is removed . 
  much like in the original , avalanche missiles deal more damage than stingrays , and therefore have a small-to-moderate chance to outright destroy small ufos . 
  particularly scouts , which are also poorly armored . 
  another side-note : heavily damaged ufos may make an emergency landing , which gives you a chance to raid it despite not having shot it down . 
  which serves as another incentive to keep interceptors in reserve and not to try shooting down a ufo at any cost . 
  oh no , the positioning was totally qb being a scrub . 
  but the shots were rng fail . 
  from his position , the is-8 ufp was very poorly angled , because of its ' pre-angling . 
  eh , i was in driver 's ed before i got my glasses . 
  it 's not as terrifying when you realize there are varying degrees of vision impairment . 
  without my glasses , i had difficulty seeing the details of traffic sings farther than 25m , but i could still make out the shape and color . 
  and of course , i could still make out other cars and pedestrians well enough to avoid them . 
  my vision was apparently good enough to pass without any `` glasses required '' remark being added . 
  i was a bit of an unusual case . 
  my eyesight in one eye is significantly worse than in the other , but i 'm still short-sighted in both eyes . 
  i recall the nurse going to check with someone else to ask if i could be passed and getting a positive answer . 
  i 'm also pretty sure my vision has deteriorated further since i got my glasses , though . 
  as long as you do n't get a message about your bounty increasing from an action or decreasing from dead witnesses , you have n't commited a crime as far as the shrines are concerned . 
  however , it 's possible the completion of daedric quests triggers additional scripts that make the shrines stop working separate from the bounty system . 
  not sure about the last part , though . 
  on my pious/honorable characters , i avoid the daedric questlines . 
  on the rest , i lose shrine usage from crime long before i complete my first daedric quest . 
  i have doubts about the effectiveness of castration as a punishment for sexual assault . 
  castration does not necessarily remove the sexual urges . 
  some offenders may stop because of the punishment , but i suspect most offenders would simply develop alternative ( and likely more traumatizing ) methods of sexual assault . 
  nice penny arcade ~ ~ rip-off ~ ~ reference . 
  perhaps you could try the opposite approach : uninstall every magic-related mod and record vanilla + requiem baselines , then start adding magic mods to see if it 's an inherent problem with apocalypse + requiem . 
  huh . 
  so there was a time when consoles were n't completely overshadowed by pc ? 
  til . 
  dammit , i just upgraded to a 650 . 
  damn small country tax ruining my master race experience . 
  iirc , they made a change to how planet variables are handled . 
  while the post was heavy on technical details and did n't say so explicity , the changes did imply that changing things like weather would be possible code-wise . 
  a weather control machine will definitely be moddable , even if they do n't include one in vanilla . 
  it 's for an uber-armor `` quest '' . 
  the quest does n't actually show up in the journal , mind you . 
  you need to remember and connect all the scattered hints the hard way . 
  yeah , for that too . 
  the armor quest is sneaky like that . 
  sorry , did you think i 'd just spoil the fun ^ * of finding the answers yourself ? 
  ^ ( * - may or may not be the dwarf fortress definition of fun ), 
  i 've always heard it as ` shadow agents ' . 
  did n't realize it was a reference . 
  ship terror sites : two maps full of terror aliens and civvies blocking narrow corridors for the price of one !, 
  adults maybe , but teenagers ? 
  definitely not guaranteed . 
  try fire-enchanted daggers , maybe ? 
  fire is reasonably effective against undead . 
  if he 's not an enchanter , you can just search non-undead ruins and hope the rnjesus is with you at the boss chests . 
  draugr are still an unsurmountable challenge , if you are enough of a newbie to not have a silver weapon or a sunfire spell ready beforehand . 
  like the final room of bfb when i first went there after installing requiem . 
  mind you , this was after i had tediously savescummed my way into lucky , flawless victories against all the preceding small groups of undead . 
  they did n't fake the landing , just the return . 
  well , i remember the actual werewolf form was very slow because of an oversight in the mass effect implementation . 
  and there was talk of fixing that . 
  ca n't confirm anything personally though . 
  i have n't played any werewolf characters since before 1.7 came out ... 
  ... which i 'm going to do now . 
  because it 's a great idea . 
  which a math teacher can basically consider ` mission accomplished ' . 
  you 'll learn more about how math logic functions in that afternoon than you do in a semester of the standard high school math curriculum . 
  it 's not quite a question about power level compared to other rangers . 
  it 's a question about how much much force ranger would have to generate to perform throw around a pitcher like that . 
  something that can definitely be calculated with math , ignoring in-universe power comparisons to other characters . 
  huh ... 
  i thought the skipping of win9 was just an april fool 's joke . 
  turn out it was n't , the joke was just the `` because it was too good to be released to the public ' part of the joke . 
  til . 
  as tfgoose said , the fact that skyui is complaining about skse , suggests that something is wrong with your skse install , causing requiem to fail as well . 
  make sure that skse is getting installed in the right place . 
  a quick way to check is to make sure there is a file called ` skse_loader . exe ' in the skyrim directory . 
  not a mod organizer directory or skyrim/data / . 
  mind you , this is a quick and easy test ; passing that does n't guarantee everything is actually installed correctly . 
  it just means that things have n't gone obviously wrong somewhere ; the subtle bugs and broken installs are usually the harder ones to fix . 
  even if that 's true ( and that 's a big if ) , the reanimated victims were probably not ravenous for the flesh and/or brains of the living .
