  giving them double food at camp start makes them think the mission is going well . 
  still having extra food in the inventory at the end of camp is also good . 
  having no food left after camping makes them worried . 
  having characters on low health is bad . 
  having a character with an affliction is terrible , i 'm fairly certain i 've always had stress gain any time there 's an afflicted character . 
  really strange . 
  in my games it 's always the hold guards who are brave and actually fight anything i lure to them , including dragons . 
  while actual soldiers , stormcloaks and imperials alike , just scatter and flee when i lure a dragon to their camps . 
  do n't go to thailand , op . 
  they 'll throw you in jail now for disrespecting their royal family . 
  you do realize this is actually a bad thing in germany , right ? 
  the very idea that you can be sued for telling the truth about someone ? 
  it basically means that if some insider of vw ( rather than a government audit ) had made a public leak about the fuckery with their car emissions , vw would have had grounds to sue them for revealing that they were breaking the law . 
  you 're contradicting your source : `` less than 3 % '' is n't even close to `` 0.02 % '' . 
  still , i 'm definitely of the opinion that trying to make the modern feminists happy will just end up with lowering standards until women can pass them . 
  if they can pass the tests on the same grounds as men , i have no issue with women in the military , but trying to enforce gender parity is going to be a disaster . 
  which is why i do n't support the `` all roles open to women '' position as it currently stands . 
  so it 's the original article that 's muddying the waters with an apples to oranges comparison . 
  fair enough . 
  hillary has broken way more than just * one * law , even with * just * her private email server . 
  some of the laws she 's broken require intent ( which is difficult to prove ) , others do not . 
  some of the laws she 's broken disqualify her from presidency , others do not . 
  i 'm not sure what the overlap between these four is , since i 'm obviously not a lawyer . 
  in any case , the disqualification does n't apply until she 's convicted and like it or not , giving her due process takes time . 
  sad part is , only the big names and recognizable faces will have to be replaced . 
  as soon as they reorganize the low-level grunts of their propaganda engine under a series new channel and network names , most people will forget . 
  centipedes need to start making full employee lists of the corrupt media . 
  not just anchors and ceos . 
  the street reporters , the editors , down to the camera and sound people if we have to . 
  involvement in the corrupt media needs to become a black mark that nobody can wash clean . 
  none of those shills must ever be allowed to claim credibility ever again . 
  otherwise they 'll just indoctrinate a new generation of leftists , just as that russian defector explained and predicted in 1984 . 
  the indoctrinated hippies and beatniks spawned the bill clinton democrats , and in this election the generation of sjws has reached maturity . 
  this needs to be pushed back with active and consistent instillment of patriotic american values or it 's just going to get worse . 
  at this point , it does n't even depend on the state . 
  hillary will remain on the ballot and all her votes effectively go to kaine . 
  if by some miracle `` hillary '' actually wins after personally dropping out of the race , kaine becomes acting president-elect and house will need to elect a vp for him . 
  a lot of those officials are ` ex - ' specifically because they tried to do the right thing when they were in a position to do so . 
  and then one of their corrupt bosses decided they were rocking the boat too much and quietly forced them out . 
  well , keep a list of tainted news personalities and company ceos and do your homework with new news channels you discover . 
  i have a suspicion the msm will go through some brand-name reorganization after this year 's disaster to try and wash the stains off . 
  `` hillary generously teaches young girls about sexuality '' - some sjw probably . 
  our `` rambling conspiracy theories '' are no more absurd than hillary misdirecting with `` russia hacked the emails '' . 
  even if the hack did originate with russian intelligence , the important part is the contents of the emails : influence selling , insider trading , illegal collusion with pacs and organizing election fraud . 
  you ca n't seriously be arguing that everything would be fine and legitimate if only hillary had n't gotten caught with this . 
  not once have hillary or podesta tried to claim the contents of the leaks are fabricated . 
  `` it 's not a crime if you do n't get caught '' is a criminal 's attitude . 
  the ones who undermine democracy are the politicians who commit election fraud and illegal collusion , not the whistleblowers who risk their life and livelihood to expose those crimes . 
  can confirm . 
  agree with most of it , vote ekre , never talk about politics outside the family . 
  except complaining about savisaar 's circus act , of course . 
  the e-residency does not imply a physical residence permit in any way . 
  your business is simply free to relocate operations to estonia by replacing existing staff with estonian hires , or by working remotely from the uk . 
  although proof of steady employment , like a contract , at a company registered in estonia would definitely make it much easier for staff to obtain regular residency prior to moving over . 
  i 'm not sure how eu labor movement laws interact with the residency laws , though . 
  i 'm fairly certain residents of estonia are allowed to freely move within the shengen zone as tourists , but you would need to be a full citizen to have the right to work in other eu countries . 
  if you 're thinkign of using this path to gain access to the eu market post-brexit , you should probably consult with an estonian business lawyer first . 
  it 's just foolish to expect good legal advice for free on reddit . 
  one thing i definitely consider cheesing ( but often ca n't resist ) , is exploiting horker fat + troll fat potions for fast leveling of alchemy ( and speech , by selling it ) . 
  it 's a completely useless potion thanks to the nasty side-effects , but it 's very expensive . 
  there are a few other such alchemy combinations , like wolf heart + sabrecat heart , but the ingredients for those are not as abundant as the troll/horker fat combo . 
  the problem is , a giant should just be able to reach you , or step over that ankle-height barrier , instead of resetting and trying to go around . 
  this is not a good way of doing it . 
  exploding twice as much ammo or promethium should inflict twice as much damage , but should have a larger blast radius . 
  i recommend you look up the rules of demolition charges for how making bigger bombs with multiple packs works . 
  iirc , they 're explained in the actual item description , rather than any generic rule section . 
  and yet when it was time for peace conference , the handful of surviving german and italian ships were divided up by the allies as prize/reparations . 
  i agree that the fleet should n't be surrendered instantly on capitulation , but in a peace conference , something should definitely happen with them . 
  possibly assign warscore costs for taking individual ships from the defeated , depending on the class and tech level of the ship ? 
  some of your mods are not being disabled/uninstalled correctly . 
  as far as i can tell , this is an issue with steam workshop auto-updating subscribed mods , since it also happens with stellaris . 
  first , unsubscribe all mods from the worshop . 
  then delete everything in the following directories :, 
  * documents \\ paradox interactive \\ hearts of iron iv \\ mod \\, 
  * steam \\ steamapps \\ workshop \\ content \\ 394360 \\, 
  but you 'd waste your bandwidth downloading them and your braincells watching them ? 
  honestly , i suggest you drop hollywood entirely . 
  it 's nothing but emotionally-manipulative leftist propaganda these days , designed to make you think leftist sjw bullshit is something to strive for . 
  another problem here is that grinding alchemy with reasonable things like healing , stamina and magica potions is so slow that the cheese feels necessary for progression . 
  even complex reasonable potions with three ingredients tend to be cheap . 
   but the dnc and the gop are semi-private institutions , and they can decide how they want to choose candidates however they like . 
  they could flip a coin if they wanted to . 
  hypothetically , yes , they can decide their candidate however they want . 
  however , they have have an established process and internal regulation . 
  they have their own rules that they have agreed to adhere to . 
  they ca n't arbitrarily go against their own established rules . 
  not without changing the charter beforehand to allow such arbitrary top-down decisions . 
  and telling the average party-members that `` the senior party leadership will decide our candidate without input from you lot '' would destroy they credibility as a democracy-oriented political institution . 
  the part about the elections being rigged . 
  particularly linking the video by tom scott who reviewed the internet voting system with a team of experts . 
  he and the rest of the team were a ) invited in on the dime of ke , the russian party and b ) well-known opponents of electronic/internet elections . 
  i 'm fairly certain the negative conclusion of that `` report '' was decided well before they examined the estonian system . 
  pretty much all the their report proved was, 
  * election officials handling the internet voting need to be more paranoid about election observers seeing them type their passwords, 
  * someone who controls the entire internet infrastructure of estonia could influence internet voting enough for the election authority to notice , shut the internet election down and inform the public to vote in person on election day . 
  i 'm not entirely comfortable with how cozy ekre is with russia . 
  willingness to work at integrating local russians into estonian society i can get behind . 
  but i do n't estonia can ever trust russia to act in accordance with any of their promises . 
  after all , they signed a treaty where they promised not to attack ukraine in exchange for ukraine giving up its ' nuclear arsenal . 
  and now crimea is under russian occupation and there are russian soldiers and heavy equipment in ukraine , propping up the `` separatists '' .
