  money . 
  if i just try to storm the front door of wherever it is the thalmor are holed up , i 'll be dead from fire and lightning before i even touch the door . 
  i 'll need . . allies . 
  powerful allies . 
  the jarl 's offer . 
  if i can ingrain myself in his court ... 
  i have work to do . 
  [ part 1 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimrequiem/comments/2uesd9/rp_derlatas_tale/ ) < part 2  part 3 ( tba ), 
  * 19th last seed , 4e201 ( cont . 
  went back to riverwood this afternoon and sold most of the meat , pelts and loot from yesterday . 
  between the coin i 've found on the bandits and selling their gear and valuables to alvor , i 'm already up to nine hundred septims . 
  the coin pounches in my pack are getting heavy . 
  the thalmor agent 's sword will serve me well in the months to come , i hope . 
  asked orgnar in the riverwood inn about bounties . 
  bounty hunting is the best plan i 've got for getting some hands-on practice and earning coin at the same time . 
  the bandits at silent moons camp are my target . 
  waiting for nightfall behind the cover of some rock formations . 
  best i go in under cover of darkness . 
  started reading a book i found on the day i met ralof : `` night falls on sentinel '', 
  * 20th last seed , 4e201 *, 
  the bandits are dead to the last man . 
  there was one tough bastard in heavy steel armor that gave me trouble . 
  lured him close to a nearby giant camp and let them and their mammoths take care of him . 
  i 've gathered up the loot and put together a cache . 
  there 's far too much to carry at once . 
  even after i decided not to bother with any of the armor . 
  i 've barely slept three hours tonight . 
  besides the fighting , i spent a lot of time figuring out how to pick the locks on some of the bandits ' loot chests . 
  the basics were n't that difficult once i had them figured out , but one chest in there remains closed . 
  there was some additional mechanism in that lock just i could n't bypass . 
  after claiming the bounty and taking two trips to haul the more valuable items to whiterun and selling them , i 'm up to about 1800 septims . 
  spent the better part of it on a pair of enchanted gauntlets that are supposed to help with my lockpicking . 
  the rest was spent on a quiver of thirty dwarven arrows , with about four hundred left over . 
  does n't look like there are any more bounties to be had in whiterun , though . 
  so i 'm headed back south to falkreath . 
  good thing i bought those arrows . 
  ran into a pack of wolves attacking a bear on the road to falkreath . 
  killed the beasts that did n't flee , but had some bad luck . 
  unlike last time , the wolves turned against me when i interrupted their hunt . 
  there was a close call with one of the wolves almost biting down on my bow . 
  got a nasty bite that time , but nothing a healing poultice wo n't fix . 
  woke up a spriggan as i was poking through some dead bandits near the entrance of a roadside ruin . 
  made a beeline to falkreath after that . 
  good thing my hunting experience has made me familiar with that hold . 
  got inside the town just as the sun set . 
  a bounty was up for the bandits in embershard mine . 
  that 's where i 'm headed for after i get a good night 's sleep at the inn . 
  decided to use the short road back toward riverwood . 
  bandits have once again manned the watchtowers near pinewatch . 
  since it was raining again , i figured i 'd use the opportunity to practice the stealthy approach . 
  they never saw . 
  from a distance , it looked like one of the bandits was a mage . 
  but he probably was n't , the wretch just had a number of spell scrolls on him . 
  probably robbed from a real mage . 
  well , i guess it 's starting to get official now . 
  bandits are just universally stupid . 
  killed the first two bandits ( both in heavy armor ) by luring them into their [ own rockfall trap ] ( http://www.kahr.ee/~marten/derlata_2_04.png ) . 
  the really stupid part ? 
  i actually overheard them talking before . 
  one was telling the other how there 's nothing to worry about because they have a guard outside and the ( easily sidestepped ) trap . 
  so they clearly knew it was there . 
  must be all the skooma . 
  oh , and i never saw the supposed guard outside . 
  heard some wolves howling in the woods nearby . 
  maybe they got the idiot while he was using the bushes ? 
  the next two bandits came along when i lowered the drawbridge leading deeper into the mine . 
  timing it just right , i managed to separate the two bandits by raising the drawbridge as they came across . 
  good thing too . 
  [ the second one ] ( http://www.kahr.ee/~marten/derlata_2_03.png ) was probably the toughest foe i 've had to deal with since the war . 
  a guy in a mix of quality steel plate and dwemer armor . 
  if i did n't have those four scrolls from my earlier encounter , i 'd have been dead there and then . 
  i suppose touching that thief stone when i passed the three with ralof really has brought me some good luck . 
  spent three of the scrolls : the ice spike and two of the fire bolts . 
  one fire bolt left . 
  the steel-plated chestpiece was too heavy for me , but i took the plate helmet and dwemer gauntlets . 
  i 'm sure i can get some coin for those . 
  compared to those two , the bandit chief and his two guards were trivial . 
  got a neck shot the one working at the forge before anyone knew i was there . 
  archer on the high ground was next . 
  it 's all coming back to me much faster than i expected . 
  or at least , the proper footwork is coming back . 
  i did n't take a single hit in that cave . 
  also , it 's becoming a bit of a ritual for me to place the bounty letter on the remains of the bandit chief . 
  a signature move , perhaps . 
  though it seems like something that many bounty hunters might do . 
  i 've been in skyrim for five years . 
  i 've seen [ these sights before ] ( http://www.kahr.ee/~marten/derlata_2_06.png ) . 
  and yet still , the majesty of this land finds ways to stun me . 
  not sure if these peaceful moments distracting me from my purpose are harmful or beneficial . 
  sold the pieces of looted gear in riverwood before heading to falkreath to claim the bounty . 
  there was another one posted at the inn : bilegulch mine . 
  i returned to stash my gold at the camp before going there . 
  ran into wolves on the road and realized i have quite a bit of meat and pelts piling up just from random encounters as i travel . 
  i do n't have much salt , but i recall a potent recipe from valenwood : the beast stew , which is mostly raw meat mixed together in warm milk . 
  made some from the meat i had . 
  tasted terrible compared to what i was used to in valenwood , as expected , but it still makes the blood rush inside , as it should . 
  all-wolf is n't going to work , though . 
  i 'll have to think about mixing meats from different animals . 
  problem is , wolf and salmon are the only meats in common to the original valenwood recipe . 
  i 'll have to find alternatives for the rest .
