  depends on how the quality rolls for each item turn out . 
  unless the stone statue ends up superior or better , the wooden statues are very likely to be more valuable . 
  actually , let me do the math . 
  construction times :, 
  6x wood small sculpture = 6 x400 x0 .7 = 1680, 
  1x stone small sculpture = 1 x400 x4 .5 = 1800, 
  1680/1800 = 0.9 ( 3 ) ; since the formulas will be the same each time , crafting six wooden sculptures will always take ~ 93 % of the time it takes to craft a single stone sculpture of the same size . 
  6x wood sculpture base prices ( normal quality ) :, 
  small : 236 x1 .4 = 330.40 x6 = 1982.4, 
  large : 465 x1 .4 = 651 x6 = 3906, 
  grand : 905 x1 .4 = 1264 x6 = 7602, 
  1x granite sculpture prices ( normal quality ) :, 
  small : 236 x2 .1 = 495.6, 
  large : 465 x2 .1 = 976.5, 
  grand : 905 x2 .1 = 1900.5, 
  1x ( other stone ) sculpture prices ( normal quality ) :, 
  small : 236 x1 .9 = 448.4, 
  large : 465 x1 .9 = 883.5, 
  grand : 905 x1 .9 = 1719.5, 
  so yeah , six wooden sculptures are almost always going to average out to be more valuable than a single stone sculpture . 
  only if the stone sculpture rolls superior or better for quality does it even have a * chance * to be more valuable than six wooden sculptures put together . 
  and even that is not a guarantee , if you get several good rolls for the wooden statues . 
  if the stone statue is good quality or worse , then you need the wooden statues to roll worse than normal quality for the stone to be more valuable . 
  for naval combat ? 
  however , carriers can be useful for the air superiority/support bonuses in the early stages of a long-distance invasion , before you capture enemy airbases . 
  i.e , when you eventually get around to invading america . 
  are shore bombardment modifiers from bbs and bcs still a thing in hoi4 ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  yeah . 
  cruisers need to be a lot more powerful against dds , while lacking the penetration to inflict serious damage to battleships . 
  there should probably be stacking penalties , too . 
  giant doomstacks should n't be viable ... unfortunately even with the positioning penalties of hoi3 , doomstacks were still viable , if you just had a * doomstack so huge that the stacking penalty did n't matter * . 
  so it probably is . 
  honestly , i did n't know because i 've never gone out of my way to try and get that bonus in hoi4 . 
  never really needed the extra bonus . 
  i suspect the research is deeply flawed and full of the authors ' own cultural biases slanting the conclusions . 
  the definition of empathy and the way different cultures express empathetic behavior is different . 
  a group of baltic researchers could use the same data points to paint the `` empathetic '' american and latin-american cultures as socially aggressive and unhealthily extroverted . 
  what ? 
  uhh ... absolutely not true . 
  you can give a duchy to any landed character in your realm . 
  however , if you 're giving a duchy to an unlanded character , you are also required to give them a county-level holding , because dukes must have a capital county for personal levies . 
  that 's entirely possible . 
  now that i think about it , it 's been over a month since i played ck2 . 
  so i have n't played it since the last patch . 
  it 's a weird rule though , especially once double-dukes get involved . 
  discourages/prevents some perfectly good levy min-maxing with capital county and capital duchy bonuses . 
  as far as i can tell , the supply difficulty in the soviet union is meant to work around poor infrastructure in soviet territory and the assumption that germany ca n't commit enough police divisions to completely halt resistance growth in the supply routes . 
  as germany goes deeper into the su , their big tank army is supposed to outpace the good infrastructure provinces and start suffering attrition from exceeding the supply limit . 
  except it 's completely viable to just send fewer divisions forward to clean up the soviet remnants in siberia and remain below the supply cap at all times , while deploying mp cavalry to suppress resistance along the major supply routes . 
  truthfully , i think the only way to make supply an actual issue in the su is to drastically balkanize the states and supply regions within the su , so there 's more areas where resistance needs to be suppressed and where bad infrastructure can become a lynchpin for the front . 
  possibly even make every province a functional state , rebalancing factory caps as necessary . 
  infrastructure build cost would probably need to be rebalanced as well , so that it 's not outright impossible to build up additional supply routes during the war , but still more civ-factory-intensive that it is right now . 
  potentially , i could see the soviets having a `` scorched earth '' focus when they 're at war with germany , which reduces the infrastructure in western provinces they still control when the focus completes . 
  this would simulate the soviets evacuating and destroying the russian-gauge locomotives that germany was historically in dire need of as it pushed deeper into the su . 
  nope . 
  most of the time the carriage should provide extra heroes above the normal maximum if for some reason you ca n't put together a party . 
  for example , suppose that you had wiped in the dd and had zero heroes left , and only get two each week from the carriage . 
  in this situation , the carriage provides 4 heroes , even though its ' normally capped at 2/week . 
  this also happens with other special cases where you do have four or five heroes , but religious heroes ca n't go into the dungeon with the abom . 
  you 've apparently created an edge case that the devs did n't consider possible , so they did n't write an `` give the carriage extra heroes '' exception for it . 
  listen , that `` house '' is so disgustingly infected with roaches that the only way to `` clean '' it is to burn it down and build a new house from scratch . 
  it 's time to consign both of the mainstream parties into the scrap heap of history and build new parties with honest , trustworthy people . 
  use / r/redacted when referring to that sub , the admins already made threats to the_donald mods about their `` brigading '' of the default political discussion sub . 
  while continuing to ignore the open brigading calls and coordination taking place on enoughtrumpspam and shitredditsays . 
  huh . 
  nova prime . 
  i remember giving up on the game while trying to get that frame before they introduced relics . 
  the whole retarded key grind to even get access to void grind was a horrid gameplay loop . 
  maybe i should get back to warframe after all ... 
  not even a contest . 
  the british empire takes it , especially since russia and ottomans are forced to fight each other . 
  the brits get their own industry , plus as a good portion of the us rust belt to reactivate in preparation for the war . 
  they 'll just steamroll whatever is left of the russian/ottoman conflict with more tanks , jets and guns than the other two can put against them . 
  so basically , if you 're a trump supporter , the adequate response to violent attacks is to curl up and wait for the police to intervene ? 
  everyone has a right to self defense against the democrats ' violent intimidation . 
  if you want a powerful combat fleet : neither . 
  just a big doomstack of 200 + destroyers . 
  well , only one thing left : route the river around , dry out the waterfall and reclaim your property . 
  it was made in the mountainhomes and it belongs to the dorfs , not to some pansy forces of nature . 
  `` morale '' was just shorthand for `` organization recovery rate '' in hoi3 . 
  they 've reduced the amount of techs that affect org recovery speed to just a handful of doctrine techs and also made it a bit less linear : there 's something like a +100 % recovery speed modifier if a unit is below 20 % morale . 
  but in the end , `` morale '' is still a concept separate from organization in hoi4 , even if they have stopped calling it with a misleading name . 
  this is one of the things that seriously ruins playing the majors for me , especially axis majors and ** especially ** japan . 
  the focus system still pushes you to war with the allies even if you decide to ahistorically turn democratic . 
  even if you avoid the warmongering focuses yourself , the usa and britain will still pursue war with you or your natural regional allies through their own focus trees . 
  select the specific workbench and press the information button . 
  you 're ... right . 
  then what 's the right method ? 
  i know i 've used it to see the full breakdown , but i ca n't recall how ... ah !, 
  you also need to click on the research efficiency line in that screen . 
  eh , more like `` i 'm one guy doing this shit for free and do n't have the time to make an alternate-colored tileset that works for people who have ten-year-old monitors with backlights teetering on the verge of final breakdown anyway . 
  especially since my monitor is fine and i have fuck all clue if what i create looks acceptable on their shitty monitors . '', 
  -- df tileset developer , probably . 
  i doubt the empire will be able to make that happen in a timeframe that 's relevant to the war . 
  this is a medieval society , after all . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of the empire 's soldiers are n't even literate , let alone capable of learning something as complicated as magic . 
  all human magic users we 've seen are clearly the intellectual class in the empire , so it stands to reason magic is n't just something an illiterate yokel can be taught to use by rote . 
  it 's something the mage must * understand * before they can use . 
  educating its ' mass of soldiers to that level would cause the empire 's army to implode with desertion and defection , as educated soldiers realize what a tyrannical sham the empire is .
