  maybe it only checks who `` sees '' the alien when the pod is triggered and they do their initial pod-triggering movement ? 
  are you carrying significant amounts of gold/arrows when you load in ? 
  i recall having trouble with arrow and gold weight glitching out and causing me to flicker between encumbered and unencumbered despite being significantly under the weight cap . 
  could be a different bug , though . 
  i read that it was well-received in georgia ( the republic , not the us state ) . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that 's not really what you asked . 
  i 'm estonian myself , though . 
  kind of a shame that noteworthy section of land is going away soon , though . 
  the new border treaty does make travel through the area less interesting . 
  but also less annoying for locals . 
  depends a lot on the drive itself . 
  i 've had many usb drives that do not have any kind of illumination . 
  catch a bug , deliver it back to the guy on the station . 
  then complete all other quests in the outpost . 
  then check the `` missions '' tab of s.a.i.l , after you speak to the guy that wants you to be wearing steel armor before they give you the coordinates to the mining facility . 
  i disagree that guns are useless . 
  there are plenty of mission enemies that can one or two-shot you ( even with the best armor you can craft at the time ) if you risk getting into melee range . 
  ... which is exactly what i meant . 
  player-crafted/looted guns are very useful for kiting enemies that can oneshot you with their melee attacks . 
  this . 
  also , you 'll need the second upgrade for your matter manipulator to gather liquids . 
  the electrified steam laser is my personal favorite . 
  ( fire + water = steam ) + lightning + arcane ( arcane is the one that makes it a laser ) . 
  particularly awesome since enemies that are wet take extra damage from lightning ... and getting hit by steam causes enemies to get wet . 
  really ? 
  support grenades on engineers ? 
  i 've found non-damage grenades are much better on medics in the long run . 
  especially since taking smoke and mirrors means not taking heat warheads ; an absolute lifesaver of a perk once mechtoids start showing up in numbers . 
  though i suppose in the early game it 's a big difference , since medics do get snm one rank later . 
  hmm ... good point . 
  now that i think about it , the main reason i do n't use flashbangs on engineers is because i use them for capture duty ( or mec repair if shit goes wrong ) , and they need all the mobility they can get . 
  even with 3 slots available now , my engineers still only equip a slot of alien grenades and an arc thrower . 
  it works , though , and i got a lot of captives and alien weapons so i have n't had reason to question that strategy . 
  surprisingly , sapper + heat grenades do n't become as useless as you 'd think . 
  they maintain their usefulness quite well throughout the entire midgame . 
  although , yes , in the endgame , you will need shredding and/or chem grenades to soften the targets up before the grenades go in . 
  hmm ... looking at the roster of my current lw playthrough , i see that i only have 5 engineers total ( +2 that got chopped because of 30 + days of recovery time ) . 
  i 've ended up with an abundance of infantry , assaults and medics . 
  explains why i have n't used engineers for the support grenadier role , i guess . 
  yeah , right now , none of the quests are side-quests . 
  you need to do all of them at some point to progress . 
  though as i understand it cf plans to add at three more possibilities for progression : a farming path , an exploration path and a construction path . 
  perhaps give purity a late-game affinity bonus that allows them to ignore pollution and miasma ( without gaining bonuses from them ), 
  basically , the hagravens have a ritual where they replace the heart of a forswrn with a `` briar heart '' . 
  that ritual is also why briarhearts are significantly more powerful and resilient than regular human forsworn . 
  near bard 's leap summit , there 's a scripted ritual where some hagravens are turning a dead forsworn into a briarheart . 
  you can interrupt it ... or remain undetected and fight the hagravens plus their freshly raised briarheart buddy . 
  yeah . 
  elective duchies are weird . 
  especially if you 're not independent or if you have vassals outside your de jure borders . 
  no , i 'm afraid not . 
  iron and titanium are strictly limited to certain tiers . 
  the top three ( aegisalt , rubium and violium ) are found in parallel , though . 
  a planet that has one of the three also has the other two . 
  have you tried if a soldier with covering fire can target the floater with overwatch as the floater shoots ? 
  ... managed to awaken serana as a vampire character . 
  it 's something i 've wanted to do since the first time i played the dg questline , to see if she says something different than `` i expected the one waking me up would be someone like me '' if you 're already a vampire . 
  since i use requiem and live another life , this is a bit more complicated than it sounds . 
  1 ) with requiem , the dg questline does n't become available until you reach level 20 . 
  2 ) i ca n't choose to speed up my early game by starting as a vampire via lal , because among its ' other sweeping immersion changes , requiem makes dawnguard actually competent , so that they instantly recognize a vampire as such and attack on sight . 
  3 ) i also ca n't use lal to start out as a dg member , because the lal dg start skips over the dimhollow crypt quest and the first visit to castle volkihar . 
  how do you get more than one of that , though ? 
  ( besides cheating with console commands ), 
  although , simply hearing the background music before the final battle is worth pursuing the main quest that far . 
  if you 've never heard it before , do yourself a service and do n't look it up on youtube . 
  just pursue the main quest and hear it in-game first . 
  the whole scene when that music opens up is one of the most amazing parts of the entire game . 
  it 's a type of grain plant grown in asia . 
  thanks . 
  i like to imagine i 'm ordering my court bishop to just sit there in a corner of his own church , quietly think in that [ classic thoughtful pose ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-kdkn8u9kylu/t58br_6k26i/aaaaaaaac2o/uzmki_s5cuq/s1600/rodin+the+thinker+2012.2701.jpg ) and come up with reasons why he likes me and does n't like the pope . 
  in front of one of the beds . 
  dark-furred , blends in well . 
  probably need to see the pic in full size to make it out . 
  it 's a shame a realistic chimney design would create an impassable wall in starbound . 
  i thought i was taking screenshots as i played ... but apparently greenshot does n't want to behave with fullscreen programs and all i got were solid black 1680x1050p images . 
  any way to alter skyrim 's screenshot mechanism to produce something other than . bmp ? 
  preferably to . png output ? 
  the issue is , an important step in solving the problem is figuring out how it was done . 
  if soft magic is allowed to cause the problem , then how do you justify not allowing the players to solve the problem with their own soft magic ? 
  what qualifies as `` beastflesh '' ? 
  i assume it 's a list like the metals for atronachs . 
  also , where does one find human hearts ? 
  it would make sense if they spawned on , you know , human enemies on death . 
  but they do n't as far as i can tell . 
  probably what i 'll do then . 
  . bmp is just such a horribly inefficient format i try to avoid it whenever possible . 
  also , the next part will have screenshots included , from skyrim 's own screenshot tool . 
  op 's cousin has a son . 
  while son was away , cousin changed her son 's room . 
  a cousin can be either male or female . 
  afaik , it 's a gender neutral term . 
  well , going into the lore , the bosmer green pact ( which is where the ritualistic cannibalism comes from ) also forbids `` taking the form of beasts '' . 
  but not all bosmer ( especially those outside valenwood ) follow the pact , so it 's easily explained . 
  but playing a bosmer mage can be hard , because they have very little synergy toward mage characters . 
  the best magicka-buffing food ( elsewyr fondue ) does not require a strong stomach . 
  disease resistance as well , is not very useful . 
  if you 're getting hit by enemies in melee , then you 're already in a bad spot as a mage . 
  still , taking daily rests to get back the command animal ability can allow you to actively train destruction and conjuration on powerful creatures like bears and sabre cats much earlier than normal . 
  ... critical reading fail from me as well . 
  forgot what the first comment was asking .
