  fortunately , they are not very common . 
  running into one by accident is certainly possible , but typically they are usually only found in questlines where you 've already had to get past other powerful enemies ( daedra , ebony vampires ) to reach the places where ies are present . 
  basically , if you 're dealing with daedric artifact quests or the dawnguard questline , keep some form of detect life on standby to check quiet areas and rooms for invisible creatures . 
  the main requirement for dealing with them is the ability to detect life . 
  if you are at appropriate levels to deal with ies , then the strongest build is probably mage ( due to area damage , cloaks spells and summoning distractions ) . 
  light armor and sword/board warriors are probably the weakest , because ies are fast and more than one can easily overwhelm those two builds . 
  one mod that radically changes ies in requiem is called soultorn entities . 
  it radically changes how they work , forcing them to become visible while they attack . 
  the mod also makes them a bit less spongy , but they now have better health regeneration and an `` improved '' ai that has them turn invisible and flee to regenerate , if their attack fails to kill you . 
  in my opinion , the changes of this mod are for the better . 
  soultorn entities are still extremely challenging , but they feel less cheap to face than standard ies . 
  before installing that mod , i always felt that the only way to really deal with ies was to just know by meta where they 're placed and prepare the encounter accordingly . 
  nope , doomstack bombarding single planets one-by-one with transport fleet in tow for immediate occupation is faster warscore gain than carpet-siege . 
  you 're out of luck , i 'm afraid . 
  the state of the main quest and the civil war are at the heart of a lot of hardwired game scripts . 
  any mod which lets you ignore the main quest in whiterun but still advance the civil war questline is going to be unstable , leading to constant crashes as the core game state becomes unstable . 
  be prepared for disappointment . 
  you will often hear the sound of bouncing , yes . 
  but you will just as often hear the sizzling sound of medium tanks ' heat shells going through your armor like it 's butter . 
  ceding danzig and dealing with the soviet union first is the safe bet . 
  since you 've annexed lithuania , you 'll still have access to the sea even without danzig . 
  it 's likely the soviets will demand eastern poland before germany capitulates , forcing you into a two-front war . 
  the neutral faction is probably the better option , if you 're going for the achievement . 
  inviting yugoslavia depends on a lot of circumstances . 
  has italy joined the axis yet ? 
  you do n't want to be immediately dragged to war with germany after ceding danzig . 
  also : did you accept germany 's anti-comintern pact ? 
  if you did , they 'll definitely leave you alone if you cede danzig . 
  it 's standard practice for military exercise scenarios ( or at least nato military exercises ) to fictionalize history , geography and political borders outside the operating area . 
  russian exercise scenarios are the ones which simulate attacks on real countries . 
  nato scenarios simulate responses to fictional invasions . 
  it differs by religion . 
  some religions have a flag that makes them less aggressive in their efforts to convert others . 
  jewish and zoroastrian among them . 
  this can actually be annoying if you 're trying to convert land to your religion , because that religion-level flag means ai rulers of that religion will only * deploy their court priest to conversion duty if they have the zealous trait . 
  \\* there are a couple other fringe situations where characters of those religions will attempt to convert even without the zealous trait , but they 're fairly uncommon . 
  except private schools should n't get government bailouts as such . 
  they get voucher-based subsidies and if they still fail despite that , they should be allowed to fail and go bankrupt . 
  and what do you even mean by regulation that protects them against failure ? 
  parents being compelled by law to put their children in failing private schools based on their residence and spend their voucher subsidy at specific schools ? 
  no , once you 're at war with a faction , you 're fucked . 
  the war will continue until one side surrenders . 
  there 's also no backing out of a faction once you 're joined and together in a war . 
  you wo n't be kicked out of the axis if you turn democratic , and it wo n't allow you to step out , either . 
  it 's because you need a war goal for puppeting if your rules normally do n't allow you to puppet . 
  britain , however , gets puppet war goals `` for free '' from some of their focuses . 
  and since they have existing puppet wargoals , they 're allowed to puppet anything they want . 
   if your brother was unable to conceive with his wife , you were supposed to help them conceive by sleeping with her . 
  this is the part that made the onan 's behavior sinful by ot standards . 
  onan was expected by the morals of the time to help his brother 's widow continue the brother 's legal bloodline . 
  instead , he was actively avoiding impregnation of the widow , knowing that he would inherit his brother 's wealth if the widow died without producing an heir with onan . 
  since when have air superiority calcs not been screwy ? 
  as far as i can tell , ai-controlled allies straight-up cheat in order to ensure their historical air superiority even if they do n't actually have the planes for it . 
  either that , or some of the early-war fighter planes are so crap that weather/range penalties can cause their airsup number to go negative . 
  they 're human-sized . 
  but remain completely invisible even after they die . 
  for the most part , because the conditions during the siege were horrific . 
  having to explain how the `` heroic soviet proletarians and soldiers '' who held on during the siege could reach the point of cannibalism . 
  it would have harmed the war propaganda efforts and overall morale elsewhere . 
  probably not . 
  troop , fleet and air movement and how they 're displayed are almost entirely hardcoded . 
  modding lets you change models displayed on the map , but it does n't allow you to add new types of units to be displayed . 
  since convoys are n't displayed on the map in vanilla , you ca n't add them to be displayed via modding . 
  the way supply routes are displayed as dashed lines on the naval view is likewise hardcoded , and you can only ever see your own supply lines . 
  in fact , as far as i can tell , most resource and supply convoys are n't even units as such . 
  they 're just that dashed line and depending on raiding efficiency modifiers , the game just `` decides '' that a force of raiding subs encounter a convoy when they enter a sea province that an enemy convoy route is passing through . 
  the convoys are just spawned on the spot for the battle and removed from the defender 's convoy pool when killed . 
  wow . 
  so basically , if i overcrowd and reduce efficiency , i can maintain air superiority without ever having my planes shot down ? 
  that 's actually really good for a minor : fill an entire air zone with planes from an overcrowded level 1 airbase and my cores become nuke-proof . 
  nice . 
   https://youtu.be/k5oejsqieam op, 
   youtube : this video is not available . 
  yeah , fuck you too , youtube . 
  eh , at least you 've learned something about the game . 
  my first ruined ironman save was just france joining the allies and dragging britain into the war on the very same day as they reached 100 % surrender progress and would have capitulated on the next midnight tick . 
  oh , the reasons for bitterness get [ much ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/5k4ik0/a_young_boy_from_an_orphanage_being_deported_from/ ) , much [ better ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_estonia ) . 
  p\u00e4ts was just a president that went dictator when a local fascist movement was about to win the elections in the early 30s . 
  this is very much inviting trouble . 
  e-citizenship does n't actually make you an estonian citizen . 
  it 's just about having verified digital identity that lets you set up and manage a company in estonia from abroad . 
  and it 's not pinnacle that has banned your country from participating in their environment . 
  it 's your government that forbids its ' people from using pinnacle and compels pinnacle to not accept your business . 
  even if pinnacle lets you get into this gray area , it 's likely you 'll run into problems with your own country 's law when they find out you 're doing business and earning money working with a banned site like pinnacle . 
  here 's where you 're mistaken . 
  with modern logistics and the expense of weapon systems , the west could absolutely win the war itself . 
  russia would completely bankrupt itself in a conventional war with the west . 
  if the west actually lost five abrams ' / leopards 2s for every armata/t -90 , and both sides kept replacing them , russia would still run out of tanks and go broke first . 
  the economic disparity in aircraft industry is even more significant . 
  the reason why the west does n't want to invade russia is because then they 'd have to build up that corrupt shithole where 80 % of any funding disappears into the pockets of local oligarchs , who use it to build gold-plated mansions . 
  perhaps there could be an `` ark '' project that allows a federation/pacifist empire to band together and bail out of the galaxy , instead of fighting the endgame crisis ? 
  it would change the whole crisis formula for pacifist empires : instead of having to build fleets in a desperate effort to break through and destroy a portal or whatever , you have to balance resources between building that intergalactic ark ship and building just enough fleets to protect it . 
  looks like combat realism is not playing nice with a16 . 
  disable combat realism and see if that fixes the bug . 
  and a shooter in dallas was too violent for these people . 
  makes you think , does n't it ? 
  when in reality it 's :, 
  celebrity : my own involvement in politics has produced nothing but failure and decline for my constituency , but you must have massive problems in your policies because it 's not what i would do in your position . 
  unlikely . 
  the data quantities are enormous .
