  redtext did say that they put additional relay servers into service . 
  no , the reason why we have the world we do today , is because we started coddling the `` stupid + offspring '' combo and started insulating that combo against the logical outcomes of natural selection . 
  yep , mostly so . 
  estonians made the original code of skype , scandinavian investors funded the project . 
  so basically , you expect de to * reward * the voluntary masochism of sticking around longer in endless missions ? 
  i could understand that meta in the era of void keys , where you 'd want to make the most of your hard-earned keys , but these days there is literally no reason to not just extract and restarting if you do n't get the reward you wanted in the first bc rotation . 
  if you do it for fun , then why do you need some special reward ? 
  if you do n't think it 's fun without an extra reward , then why are you still doing it ? 
  it does . 
  nazi is just a generic label for non-antifa . 
  i 'm guessing there is a considerable difference in the effort that gets put into the historical `` prison lobster '' and the modern `` luxury lobster '' . 
  apparently , they used to grind up the shell and the meat together to produce a mash after boiling it , probably because the mash was easier to ration out in roughly equal portions . 
  and they did n't boil it alive , they kept refrigerated stocks of dead lobster , same as you 'd keep fish . 
  used to say that , yes . 
  now the `` visit in person '' part is no longer there ; everything can be done online once you have an e-residency card . 
  when it comes to the waffen ss within the larger ss organization , the waters are often muddied by the fact there were also formations that spent their entire existence on the front lines against the soviets . 
  the frontline soldiers conscripted from occupied territory were all part of the waffen ss ( because the wermacht only allowed german citizens in the ranks ) and may not have had any contact with the death camps at all , spending their whole time in ss participating in routine combat , which obviously is n't a prosecutable offense . 
  they failed only because the allies gave vast amounts of military-industrial aid to the soviets , essentially for free . 
  the fearsome soviet war industry would never have come into existence in time to save them from the nazis , if the allies had n't provided them with advanced industrial machinery and a large variety of complex metal alloys , chemicals and other industrial intermediate products the soviets were n't capable of producing themselves . 
  a non-exhaustive list i complied some time ago , of stuff that the soviets received from the allies :, 
  * keeping japan fully occupied in the pacific , preventing the opening of a far-east front against the ussr . 
  without the american threat against japan , the soviet-japanese non-aggression pact would n't have been worth the paper it was written on and the soviets would have faced a two-front war on a distance scale far worse than what germany had to face . 
  * 27 000 tonnes of nickel ( 75 % of ussr 's wartime supply ; used in the armor alloy of t-34 tanks ), 
  * 17 000 tonnes of molybdenum concentrate ( nearly 100 % of soviet supply ; another material required for high-quality armor alloy production for the t-34 ), 
  * over 50 000 tonnes of industrial electrodes used in steel production and processing . 
  * 140 000 tonnes of tool-quality steel , used to further expand soviet military production, 
  * 45 000 machining benches used in processing raw steel into guns , artillery and tanks . 
  * various western tanks , over 10 000 in total , critical to defensive operations while t-34 production was still being established . 
  * 2000 locomotives and 11 000 rail cars , allowing the soviets to abandon their own train and wagon production almost entirely , retooling almost all their train factories to tank production . 
  * the famous zis-2 long 57mm anti-tank gun would not have existed without lend-lease , since only the precision machinery obtained through lend-lease was capable of drilling such a long and narrow gun barrel . 
  * over 600 million rifle-caliber rounds , over 500 million large-caliber machine gun rounds , 3 million 20mm aa shells , 18 million mortar shells, 
  * 375 000 transport trucks , delivering the ( american-provided ) ammo , from the ( american ) supply trains in rail stations to the front line . 
  * 50 000 officer jeeps , 16 000 tank radio sets , 29 000 infantry radio sets , 619 000 telephones and 1.9 million kilometers of telephone cable , without which the soviet command structure would have been reduced to signal flags , flares and horseback messengers for communication . 
  * 18 000 military aircraft of various types . 
  * aluminum and lightweight alloys of chromium used in the production of native soviet metal airframes ( pe-2 ) . 
  * phenol solutions used to manufacture high-quality plywood for native soviet wooden airframes ( la-series aircraft ), 
  * soviet planes consumed over 3 million tonnes of aviation gas during the war . 
  a third of this was manufactured in america and delivered to the soviets . 
  the second third of it used high-octane fuel-additives , obtained entirely through lend-lease , to improve domestically produced fuel up to aviation standard . 
  the final third was manufactured in complex chemical factories that were manufactured in america , disassembled , shipped to the ussr and reassembled there . 
  * 6300 tonnes of tetraehtyl lead , an antidetonation additive critical to manufacturing aviation fuel for propeller aircraft . 
  this amount covered the entire soviet aviation fuel production until the soviets developed their own ability to produce the material around 1950 ( by which time it was obvious prop aircraft were going to become obsolete in favor of jets ) . 
  [ obligatory crusader kind 2 reference ] ( https://www.chapelcomic.com/10/ ), 
  a bit hyped up . 
  it was a public proposal by some government sub-department that does n't really have any decisionmaking power . 
  the idea was n't immediately shot down by the higher levels , but it 's very much an exaggeration to say that `` estonia '' as a government has decided it wants to do an ico . 
  it 's not a violation of the 3rd . 
  the 3rd is specifically about the government temporarily forcing people out of their houses to use them as impromptu barracks when armies were moving about , something which the british military did extensively in both peace and wartime , particularly when policing their colonies . 
  like most military terms , `` quartermaster '' has a very specific meaning that 's not really open to personal interpretation and opinions of what it means . 
  it 's a position within the military : the officer or sergeant tasked with the responsibility of obtaining , organizing and distributing the equipment and quarters of the unit . 
  it is most certainly not referring to the civilian the quarters are being seized * from * . 
  even the 3rd specifically says that in wartime people * can * be forced to quarter troops , as long as it 's done `` in a manner to be prescribed by law '' . 
  the 3rd covers a very specific form of temporarily seizure of a very specific kind of property , for a specific use by specifically the military . 
  other forms of `` unreasonable '' property are protected against by the 4th amendment . 
  `` innumerable turnips '', 
  sounds like a reference to a paradeful of people in helmets ... 
  honestly , i do n't even mind idiots going beach after watching a video that explained why bad mtg cards exist . 
  if map design becomes so `` good '' that colossally bad strategic decisions are n't possible anymore , then maps become straitjackets that prevent bad players from making bad decisions in terms of positioning . 
  and that actually reduces the amount of skill involved in the game , while elevating the rng factor . 
  exactly . 
  `` oh , the guy at this address owns a gun , better not break into that one '', 
  you did damage them . 
  dp 's just have a very bullshit regen rate , so you need to hit them with some damage over time , that stops their regen while you continue to reapply the effect . 
  either that or or flat-out one-shot them , which is actually possible with a 2h weapon plus enchants and other 2h damage buffs . 
  estonian humor is often self-deprecating . 
  the `` starter pack '' is poking fun at estonian tendencies on the internet . 
  and to be fair , i can confirm regularly using at least half of those . 
  only thing i do n't really give a shit about is the nordic thing . 
  they knew about annual weather patterns and settlements in hurricane zones were often temporary . 
  the people moved inland for the hurricane season . 
  or they just got hit if they were new to the territory and unaware of the local weather cycles . 
   science can totally be biased if the results do n't conform to my preconceived ideas of what they should be . 
  - some sjw , somewhere, 
  well , it 's no question that the ottoman defeat at vienna stopped them from spreading islam deep into europe back then . 
  i could see why some sjws would find stopping an islamic invasion of europe objectionable . 
  well , if the university has enough money to file frivolous suits that do nothing more than get their lawyers paid , then obviously they have too much money on their hands and need to get their federal funding downsized . 
  if it 's * anything * other than that last option , then it 's fed funding indirectly subsidizing the frivolous suit . 
  and i do n't mean completely revoking funding . 
  i meant more along the lines of reducing funding , because i 'm sure there are colleges and universities that are more strapped for cash than the university of california , which is apparently flush enough with money that it can afford to throw money into the figurative dumpster fire of a frivolous suit like this . 
  pretty sure obama was the only president that spent his entire two terms at war . 
  he was literally at war more than bush was . 
  and then she went on to have the `` experience '' of being dismissed from the watergate investigation due to her dishonesty and unethical behavior . 
  not really . 
  he can sanction gov ` ts that do it , but he ca n't actually block them or prevent their decisions from being legally binding . 
  the member states of the eu are still sovereign , just look at poland pushing hard against the migrant resettlement plans . 
  if it does , then it 's not the funding cut that 's responsible , but the university management that continues to channel money into frivolous lawsuits when their income diminishes . 
  they 're * already * wasting money that would be better-spent on improving the conditions of their university . 
  enabling such wastefulness with federal funding is already a disservice and an injustice against the students of universities that have less irresponsible administration . 
  because government support budgets for universities are a zero-sum game for the universities competing to get them . 
  giving federal money to college administrations that waste it on frivolous political virtue signaling already mean denying that money to administrations that actually focus on giving their students a functional education . 
  if you 're going to talk about realism , have you ever seen professional female athletes ? 
  the kind of physical training needed to effectively wear heavy armor in combat tends to be detrimental to cup size . 
  it 's wholly unrealistic for a woman to have the muscle to handle the weight of plate armor , and still have anything above a c-cup . 
  no , in parliamentary democracy systems , it 's typically the parliament that appoints one of their own to be the head of the executive branch ( usually as prime minister ) . 
  there may be rules for who can even be nominated for prime minister based on election results , but there 's no separate election for prime minister . 
  `` presidents '' in parliamentary democracies tend to be ceremonial . 
  a directly elected president who serves as the head of the executive branch is a hallmark of a presidential democracy . 
  domed breastplate , sure . 
  definitely not . 
  and it 's not just the issue of how the weight sits .
