  not really . 
  the only option nato currently has to defend the baltics is nuclear deterrence . 
  if they do n't make an armed response to an article 5 situation , the whole organization just falls apart . 
  if there 's a russian incursion into the baltics , it 's probably going to escalate to a tactical nuke on kaliningrad and who knows what happens from there . 
  yeah , it was basically just a flavor event that triggered when enough countries joined the allies faction . 
  you could probably create a focus , too . 
  absolutely . 
  information quarantine + reeducation camps basically remove all happiness issues from empire laws , as long as your laws match your ethics . 
  mostly , because it 's easy to code , easy to balance and easy for the ai to handle . 
  take a game like old school xcom , with the time units . 
  a lot of the challenge came from the fact that the ai had a bunch of advantages ( increased sight range , increased health , better weapons , etc. ) . 
  the truth is , ai back in the day was even dumber than it is in modern games . 
  it just looked smarter because it was cheating or played by different rules . 
  and that 's not going to fly in a game these day . 
  we 've grown up , we 're smarter , and we now call bs on an ai that just cheats its way to beating us . 
  imagine , for instance , that all shadowrun npcs had an extra ap per round compared to your runners , just because the devs discoverd in playtesting that players would run rings around the ai if it did n't have that advantage . 
  with more granular ap , similar to old xcom 's tus , that 's exactly the kind of thing they 'd have to do to keep the game challenging . 
  there 's also the issue of `` perfect play '' from an ai that 's too smart , which could be achieved but is n't good gameplay either , especially in a game where random chance is a factor . 
  the ai needs to be beatable , but still offer a challenge , which is a hard balance to achieve from a development standpoint . 
  i recommend replacing the pseudo-bash section titles with proper headings . 
  it 's eye-catching , but also suggests you 're not taking the job application very seriously . 
  it 's probably going to be a secretary or a manager picking your cv from the pile , before anyone more important gets to look at it . 
  they 'll just be confused by it and discard the application without a second thought . 
  for both education and work experience , reorder the sections to have the most recent course/workplace on top and the oldest in the bottom . 
  ` advanced ' is spelled with a 'd ' at the end . 
  replace ` medium ' with ` intermediate ' . 
  there should be a phone number in the contact information . 
  basically , ciswhitemaelstrom got doxxed and while he was busy dealing with problems from that , a couple of srs shills ( lyin-z and gum ... something ) managed to become mods . 
  they then booted the existing mods , possibly with reddit admin assistance , and started censoring stuff that criticizes hillary or muslims too severely . 
  ] ( https://muslimstatistics.wordpress.com/2015/03/19/sweden-77-6-percent-of-all-rapes-in-the-country-committed-by-muslim-males-making-up-2-percent-of-population/ ), 
  would the administratum even track the marriages of imperial citizens , outside perhaps notable nobility ? 
  or would these records fall under the authority of the ministorum ? 
  basically , op is free to make shit up . 
  i see you 're still deluding yourselves when it comes to the imperials . 
  with the blades gone , the empire has become a thalmor sock puppet and nothing more . 
  sure , they 'd stand up to an open invasion , but allowing thalmor inquisitors to enforce their religious doctrine against imperial population is nothing more than a slow death for imperial identity . 
  from within , the empire is rotting its ' own peoples ' willingness to resist the next invasion . 
  that said , the stormcloaks and their power-hungry demagogue are no better . 
  useful idiots , playing directly into the hands of the thalmor . 
  what skyrim really needs , is a third option . 
  a new dragonblooded emperor to unite the continent . 
  a shame the game does n't allow for that option . 
  huh . 
  i think i 've actually seen one of those mid-game colony event chains . 
  it was pretty interesting , how suddenly i had to rush a science ship back to the colony to prevent it from collapsing due to a bunch of local pheromones . 
  it does actually make sense in the context of the event . 
  scientists on the planet ... are already going to be contaminated by the time you realize bad things are happening . 
  was , you mean . 
  before the admins censored it . 
  you 're not actually losing out on research points , though . 
  if you 're researching a project , the excess points go into storage , and every month you get extra research points equal to your base research . 
  so basically , if your base research is 50 and you spend three months on a project , you store up 150 research points and research at 100/month , for the next three months ( until stored points run out ) . 
  that 's exactly the kind of thing e-residency was meant for . 
  you can sign things like accounting reports digitally , without having to send any paperwork through physical mail . 
  the only catch to setting up a company is that you have to visit estonia once . 
  to create the company bank account , you need to show up at the bank in person . 
  there 's a bit of a catch-22 situation involved : to register a company with the business registry , the company needs to have a bank account . 
  but the company ca n't authorize a ceo or a manager to register a bank account for it until it is registered with the business registry . 
  how it works out in practice , is that one of the initial investors needs to set up the bank account . 
  it 's possible to do it by hiring a lawyer to do it for you somehow , but it 's an extra expense and i 've heard that people have gotten themselves scammed trying to hire someone else to register a bank account for their company . 
  e-residency is not citizenship . 
  as a private individual , you would pay no taxes to estonia . 
  however your company would pay taxes according to estonian law ; this includes income tax on any dividends the company pays out , as well as various employer-side taxes if you remotely work for your own company . 
  i 'm not sure how this would interact with the polish tax system . 
  typically , there are international agreements to prevent double taxation , which can be cited to have your income exempted from certain taxes . 
  that 's kind of the point , though . 
  they want a game where small countries are viable for play , not just the six or seven major powers . 
  did n't daniel say on www that the minor nation focus tree is intentionally more powerful than the focus trees of the majors ? 
  a company registered in estonia would need to have an estonian bank account . 
  1 frame per 13 seconds , according to op . 
  which comes out to almost 277 frames per hour . 
  for comparison , even a bad console port is 108000fph and a proper pc game is 216000fph . 
   they 're walking a fine line trying to keep them relevant and `` potentially great '' in the hands of a good player , without letting them get out of hand . 
  which is a great improvement over always remaining irrelevant as a minor in hoi3 . 
  minors can also get two research slots fairly quickly compared to the majors . 
  and yet they keep insisting that it 's only suicide for them , and not for us . 
  the ai guy said in the latest stream that ` historical mode ' only affects the order in which ai takes focuses . 
  and that even with historical focuses on , the ai will start considering ahistorical options if it ca n't take historical focuses for whatever reason , i.e german ai will go with ahistorical focuses , if player poland joins comintern before germany gets molotov-ribbentrop ( example mine ) . 
  i think he means `` we certainly will take your smug sense of superiority by putting you in the mines '', 
  i 'm fairly certain they 're still going to be willing to join your faction if they get attacked by a member of another faction . 
  the diplomatic bonus for `` at war with another faction '' more than neutralizes the malus from neutrality focus . 
  accidentally dropped bombs and torpedoes . 
  kamikazes did n't become a thing until later in the war , when japan was running out of ships and equipment . 
  huh . 
  you know , it would be interesting to see what builds become viable if it was possible to equip doubles of certain equipment . 
  for instance : would double superheavy spall liners cure cancer for tanks like the e100 and the maus ? 
   if we do n't stop screaming like little babies for weapons even stronger than the current top 3, 
  here 's the chicken or egg problem here . 
  does de make op enemies because they made the mistake of releasing new op weapons to players ? 
  or are players screaming for stronger op weapons because de is always making the enemies too op ? 
  actually , now that i think about it , i 'm pretty sure it started with diluting the void drop tables . 
  since staying past wave 30 in endless missions with min-max op builds is the only way to get the drops you wanted in a remotely reasonable timeframe . 
  varies by person and social circle . 
  the part that we `` only swear in russian '' is almost completely false . 
  the only people that swear exclusively in russian are the * homo sovieticus * who stayed here after the soviet union collapsed , and have failed to learn the local language over the last 25 years . 
  vote in ? 
  i doubt it . 
  is n't it already mathematically impossible for comrade bernie to win the democrat nomination ? 
  even if he miraculously wins all the undeclared delegates remaining ? 
  another major factor is that back in the 50s , people could n't * afford * to eat enough to get fat without sacrificing necessities like buying a car and a house .
