  fertility and regular pregnancy are n't event-based , the way seduction pregnancies are . 
  i remember that elder kings mod used to have event-based regular pregnancies ( which often broke , because reasons ) for the elves , but the devs eventually made the elves work with regular pregnancy mechanics , which were apparently different from event pregnancies somehow . 
  admittedly , that 's also true of us . 
  my mother is one of those people that 's completely clueless about what to do if an error message pops up . 
  but i suspect i 'd be equally clueless figuring out the names and ingredients of prescription medicine , while she knows what medicines use what ingredients ( and what their potential side-effects are ) without needing google 's assistance . 
  the problem is , russia , china and other dictatorships are pointing out the minor violations of democratic countries and then acting as if that excuses their own significantly worse violations . 
  even worse , a lot of people in the west actually lap up that bs and believe that because the west does n't have an absolutely 100 % perfect record , it needs to shut up about the things russia and china do . 
  even so , if those opressors had never been here , they would n't be here either . 
  they may be born in estonia , but as long as they refuse to learn estonian or ( at the very least ) acknowledge the estonian perspective on major historical events ( such as the soviet occupation ) , they are n't really part of estonia . 
  they 're a part of their own little remnant of soviet union that they refuse to let go of . 
  true , there were russians here before the soviets . 
  a large amount of those russians were refugees , who fled religious persecution by the mainstream russian orthodox church in the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  most of the remainder were russian intellectuals . 
  both groups were willing acknowledge estonians as equals and cooperate with them for mutual benefit . 
  the problem with the soviet colonists is that they 're not interested in cooperating with an independent estonia . 
  they regard estonian independence as an anomaly , and seek to undermine it , hoping to bring back the times where russians were an ethnic group with special privileges compared to others around them . 
  they cooperate soley for their own benefit , and are uninterested in mutual benefit . 
  there can be no solidarity and cooperation between two groups , if one group seeks to destroy or subjugate the other . 
  makes me grateful i do n't live in the us . 
  where i live , it 's the exact opposite . 
  it 's not even legal for an employer to have the right to at-will termination in the employment contract . 
  typically , there 's a two-week notice for an ordinary termination of a work contract and the employer needs to justify the termination with one of three options fairly well-defined reasons . 
  the only one i can recall from memory is if the employer is downsizing its ' operations and laying people off because of that . 
  the only way to get fired ( or quit ) on the spot ( extraordinary termination ) is if i seriously or deliberately disregard my job duties and regulations . 
  or if it turns out i 've lied about something important during the hiring process . 
  a character does n't have to deal damage to contribute to a fight . 
  even if the fighter sucks out and misses all her attack rolls , while the wizard nukes everything with fireballs , the fighter is probably still soaking up the enemies ' attacks with hp and high ac . 
  thus preventing the wizard from being attacked ( and in all likelihood slaughtered ) in melee . 
  being primarily a play-by-post dm , this is basically the only reasonable method in an online environment . 
  the only downside is , it messes up spells with an xp-cost and magic item creation . 
  sure , as dm i can ensure that they 're never required , but that method also locks me out of using and/or presenting many potentially interesting plot hooks . 
  hmm ... that `` burn some of your life '' wording gave me an interesting idea . 
  instead of xp cost , casting those spells causes the caster to immediately age some amount of years , associated with the xp cost of the spell . 
  as a bonus , the mechanic itself would also have in-story consequences . 
  such as the notion that elven-made magic items have a reputation of being `` better '' than their , say , human counterparts , because an elf has the enough lifespan to perfect their methods of crafting magic items . 
   scrubbing the same clean ass rifle, 
  a rifle is never in a `` clean '' state . 
  it can only be in a state of `` cleaned '' . 
  i may have washed out in basic , but even i know that . 
  thought that could just be an estonian army thing . 
  the saying does n't seem to translate well . 
  it 's a good idea on paper , but in practice it would basically mean military interventions from europe into those countries . 
  not to mention that russia and china are going to veto it in the un anyway , because it benefits them to have europe and the usa perpetually busy with a refugee crisis . 
  definitely not a scumbag move . 
  it 's completely normal to expect to get paid for putting time and effort into this kind of thing . 
  if they want free service , they can do their own research and put the build together on their own time . 
  yes , that can be a problem . 
  it 's why entire fields of crop can fail to a single disease more easily than one might expect . 
  but considering how much time and money it costs to grow some crops from seeds , it 's just worth the risk ( and has been for centuries ) . 
  not to mention many crops are inedible in their `` natural '' form , bananas being the best-known example . 
  those crops flat out have to be reproduced in this manner , because their ability to have viable seeds has been bred out of the plant in order to produce an edible fruit . 
  only becausse we have n't figured out bessst way to eat novakids . 
  i remember my dad ( working it for the local government ) was still working with xp machines no less than two years ago . 
  usually laptops of some kind . 
  the users he was dealing with were often quite reluctant to upgrade , and basically got the bosses to back them up . 
  `` the machines still work and do n't need to be replaced '' sounded fine to the people that were in charge of the budgets . 
  not sure if those machines are still around , since he does n't work there anymore . 
  not often , and not the regular nail-hitting hammers , but they still do use hammers . 
  not sure about the max , but yes , potions and poisons start getting more powerful as your skill levels go up . 
  and higher skill levels are more significant . 
  the increase of potion strength going from 40 -  42 is much less than 80 -  82 , i think . 
  like many skills in requiem , alchemy really begins to snowball after you hit 50 skill and get the perks of that level . 
  one big problem i found with hunger was that it was kinda pointless . 
  you just farmed random monsters for meat on a low level planet , got a stock of 1000 raw meat , cooked it all and then just clicked a button every now and again . 
  there was never any real incentive besides roleplay to ever cook the advanced recipes . 
  honestly , you do n't get much out of it . 
  a bunch of generic dark brotherhood clothes and other loot , and a word of power . 
  is n't food already back in the nightlies , giving short-term buffs that improve with food quality ? 
  i know a floran character of mine drank a lot of kiwi juice for the jump buff . 
  it 's just hunger that 's still being reworked . 
  it 's not only the extra loot . 
  you also get a bonus to crit in darkness . 
  if you prepare and make crit-focused team builds , you get extra loot while the frequency of crits offsets the extra stress from darkness . 
  and killing enemies faster offsets the extra damage . 
  it 's a bit risky , of course , because rng . 
  and do n't underestimate the extra loot . 
  it can be very useful if you 're still developing the hamlet . 
  the extra loot allows a lot more choice in how what kinds of heirlooms you end up having in your inventory as you exit the dungeon . 
  man , i did n't even remember how much that axe sucked in vanilla . 
  requiem turns it into a pretty badass ( non-enchanted ) weapon . 
  in truth , a ` realistically ' sized and equipped force of little green men would already have significant problems overcoming the estonian military , even more so if the reserves are partially mobilized . 
  estonia does n't have any old soviet-made equipment that russia can pretend is seized by the lgm from estonian depots . 
  in particular , lgm in estonia are only going to have tanks if russia provides them . 
  which means reluctant nato members will have a hard time going along with whatever shaky explanation russia provides . 
  in fact , the only explanation i can think of , is russia claiming it has lost control of its ' military . 
  which is in some ways worse for russia than admitting it has attacked a nato country . 
  mostly because it 's ripped out of [ the article ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/6/29/8845913/russia-war ) that explains it . 
  i recall a stratfor article i read recently , which argued that the us should start focusing its ' european foreign policy on bolstering poland and the baltics , to serve as its ' new frontier , instead of relying on germany as its ' lynchpin ally in europe as it did during the cold war . 
  the largest ? 
  that would be greece , if you count out turkey ( because turkey is in asia/middle east ) ) . 
  this is mostly because turkey and greece have , historically , been preparing to be attacked by each other . 
  even if the chechnyans do n't want the us there ... do you really think they would flat out reject an `` here 's some weapons that are n't fifty years old . 
  if you go and kill some russians with them , you do n't have to pay for them . '', 
  offer from the cia ? 
  personally , when faced with locked quest doors like that , without the ability to pick the lock , i use the console to ` unlock ' the door without picking it . 
  to simulate my character kicking the door in . 
  this . 
  while nato would n't have air superiority in the initial month or two , it certainly would have it after redeploying forces to germany and poland . 
  it 's also very likely that in the event of russia invading the baltics , sweden would be pressured into granting nato access to its ' airfields . 
  especially since russia is absolutely going to have to capture the swedish island of gotland , just to make sure nato does n't get it .
