  utter nonsense . 
  the amount of nato troops in the baltics is around 3-4000 men , if we include the air force rotation ; nowhere near large enough to pose a credible invasion threat to russia . 
  their only purpose is a tripwire force . 
  russia could probably use propaganda to convince the western population that it 's not worth going to war over some dead foreigners . 
  it 's plausible that if russia simply seizes the baltics in 24 hours and the west just responds with more sanctions , rather than the unpopular move of going to war . 
  but with those 3-4000 nato troops currently already in the baltics mean that russia has to actually kill soldiers of powerful western countries to quickly seize the baltics . 
  military retaliation against russia for killing their own countrymen is a much easier sell to the western public , and it 's unlikely the russian propaganda machine can break the west 's will to go to war after some british or german or us soldiers have already died from russian bombs . 
  more likely , u/brocifist is referring to the kidnapping of eston kohver from estonia . 
  just like russia always says `` the americans are behind it ! '', 
  whenever one of their neighbors calls russia out on their bullshit and diplomatically tells them to fuck off . 
  right ... nato needs to not only discuss its ' defense plans with the most likely aggressor in the region , but should even get approval from them to position troops inside their own defense alliance . 
  the baltics have actively lobbied for increased nato presence in their country , so its ' not like nato is there against their will . 
  russia can go fuck itself with its ' ridiculous demands . 
  their ridiculous demands are no different from nato demanding that russia should remove all its ' air force presence from the kaliningrad oblast and only keep the army there because the attack plane presence is threatening to poland and the baltics . 
  except nato is n't retarded enough to demand something that ridiculous , but russia certainly is . 
  indeed . 
  it happened on the estonian side , despite russia being adamant with their lie that kohver crossed over to the russian side on his own . 
  and there you have it . 
  yanami is literally the japanese trump . 
  opposite of debased , i think . 
  afaik , voat 's frequent redirection to the maintenance notice is a coding bug they 're currently working to resolve in a way that does n't break the entire site or make the problem worse . 
  it 's not because voat 's connection or server is being choked out by visitors . 
  nah , better rolls are still better , but 3 and 9 are the break points for double and quadruple damage . 
  however , this does mean that the defensive terrain advantage does n't fully compensate for having the worse general . 
  suppose the enemy has a 0/3/0 general attacking your 0/1/1 general into the mountains over a river . 
  the enemy gets a -3 penalty from the mountains and the river . 
  the enemy general can at most get a total result of 8 [ ( 0-9 ) +2 -3 ] in the shock phase or 6 in the fire phase . 
  and they will never roll for quadruple damage . 
  meanwhile , your general still needs to roll a 9 to get quadruple damage in either phase . 
  having the better general advantage is far more significant than you 'd think , because the better general is more likely to hit the damage thresholds . 
  in fact , if your general has a 3-point advantage over the enemy general , then ( barring terrain penalties ) you 're guaranteed always inflict at least double damage even if you roll a 0 . 
  the really op part is where you can basically never marry and just legitimize whichever bastard you want to be your heir . 
  although truman did offer marshall plan aid to the soviets after facing some public pressure over perceived double standards , but the soviets turned the help down . 
  primarily because stalin feared that us corporations would get too much influence in the soviet economy if he accepted . 
  just put your entire idea file into a pastebin , post the link and i 'll see what 's wrong . 
  here 's some preliminary comments , though :, 
  if you 're talking about the / focus id = samurai_with_rifles / part , then you 're missing localization . 
  if you 're talking about why it 's not connected to military youth , then you 've probably messed up the prerequisites . 
  if you 're talking about why there are no effects ... then i really need to see the code to tell you what 's broken . 
  possibly , you 've gotten your parentheses misaligned and have a missing one somewhere . 
  once again , the government pressing to take the decision of what values to teach children away from parents and turning it into ideological brainwashing . 
  because it 's current year and the peasants should just allow the enlightened politicians think for them . 
   computing, 
  this one ... really does n't belong on that list . 
  russia was behind on computing tech throughout the cold war because the field was declared a false-science by stalin and soviet progress there remained stagnant until his death . 
  the russian space program did manage some spectacular things with technologies that were already considered obsolete in the west , yes . 
  but they never invented anything ground-breaking or revolutionary in the field . 
  as for the others : if the russians had anything of value to contribute to the rest of the world besides their oil and other raw resources , they would n't depend on oil for their gdp growth . 
  russia is the world biggest , best-armed banana republic . 
  what you 're basically suggesting , is a repeal of the 10th amendment . 
  here is the [ 1860 census ] ( http://www.civil-war.net/pages/1860_census.html ) of the us . 
  the percentage of slaves in the entire us was 13 % . 
  if we exclude the population of the north skewing the total down , we see the slaves accounted for ~ 31 % of the population in the slave states . 
  from what i 've read on the topic , the percentage of slaves was about the same as that of the southern states in any region where slaves were the primary source of agricultural labor . 
  meaning : south and central america , the southern us and certain parts of india . 
  the percentage of slaves was also high in africa and the middle-east , where the slave trade occurred . 
  notably : europe had minimal slavery because they had no need for them . 
  european countries used serfs , and were transitioning away even from that as europe industrialized and agriculture stopped being the primary source of wealth . 
  `` no refunds ! '', 
  imminent . 
  i rarely forget them , but that 's because i 'm crazy and do dark runs all the time . 
  when the run is hanging on by a thread , i do look at all the options and notice the treats . 
  but if i 'm doing a lit run for experience or something , i do forget , because the fights are n't tense enough for me to remember them . 
  trump will be the greatest president that ever lived . 
  a wave of patriotism that prevents their system from collapsing due to internal popular dissent . 
  the only reason current public support is as high as it is , is the `` but at least putin took back crimea '' attitude . 
  and before that , it was the `` russia is strong enough to defeat georgia in a day '' victory . 
  jingoism is the only thing putin 's public support is standing on as the russian economy collapses from the international consequences of his military adventures . 
  and that is exactly why putin might attack the baltics if he got the impression that nato would n't protect them . 
  because it would be a military victory refreshing the jingoism popularity without the economic strain of a real war . 
  the most important lesson i learned is that your teams are expendable in the early game . 
  hiring four level 0s , sending them into a dungeon with zero supplies and retreating with what they 've gathered when they 're about to die is basically free money . 
  you can then just dismiss them and hire new ones , instead of investing money into clearing their stress . 
  you donated to it ? 
  thousands of dollars ? 
  at regular intervals even through the night while the rest of america was asleep ? 
  because that 's how most of the donations came in . 
  it was donated by a bot . 
  how about we go with [ 13 % of illegal immigrants ] ( http://www.capoliticalreview.com/capoliticalnewsandviews/poll-13-of-illegal-aliens-admit-they-vote/ ) in california admitting that they vote in elections ? 
  long term , yeah . 
  probably . 
  but it did shut down the forts at stevastopol that were giving the germans a lot of trouble . 
  there 's no guarantee 150mm guns could have shut that fortress down . 
  they vote in the name of some dead person still on the rolls . 
  or in the name of a mistaken registration ( i.e , someone who 's moved out of state , but has n't been taken off the rolls ) . 
  or even in the name of an actual citizen who gets fucked over when they try to vote and are told that they 've already voted . 
  plus in some states ( [ incl . 
  california ] ( https://i.sli.mg/gkvyin.jpg ) ) , you do n't need any kind of citizenship verification to get on the voter roll . 
  you do n't need id or an ssn to fill out the online form for voter registration . 
  well , the only investment this really requires is making sure your stagecoach provides four adventurers every week , which i think is possible to do with just the starting heirlooms . 
  ideally , you do n't attack the baltics . 
  if you 've accepted the molotov-ribbentrop pact with germany , you 'll get an event to annex the baltics peacefully after you create wargoals on all three of them . 
  it 's very rare for the baltics to refuse that event . 
  it pretty much only happens if they 're already in a faction , which ca n't happen because their political rules do n't allow them to join factions unless they 're already at war or world tension gets really high . 
  hmm ... 
  the right side of the image is decent but the left , past the arm ... 
  that 'll do , bot . 
  that 'll do . 
  where do you think the halfling ( ? ), 
  got the sandwich ?
