  keep trying to find one . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ funny ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ try . 
  if there is a way , it will take actual modding of the game . 
  it ca n't be done through console commands . 
  health and stamina buffs , and undead resistance to physical and frost damage . 
  the physical damage resistance in particular is very significant against most early-game enemies like animals and bandits . 
  makes it much easier to train armor skills . 
  and obviously , the vampire perk tree if you are a vampire lord . 
  armored warfare cutting into their business when players realize they have an alternative to putting up with wg 's bullshit balance issues ? 
  ca n't believe i forgot those . 
  shows how long it 's been since i played a vampire . 
  this ... just how ? 
  how do people like that end up in a position where they are responsible for something ? 
  who makes the conscious decision to promote someone that stupid into a position of any kind of authority ? 
  i know about the peter principle alright . 
  but to be in management at all , a guy like that would have to be promoted several times after leaving his zone of competence . 
  probably because made-up flag . 
  try drawing nazi-eestiball with estonian flag and a hat with a swastika or something . 
  there 's no consensus on the origin of the word in estonian . 
  the current best guess is that it came from the name of a tribe called `` venetid '' in estonian , a slavic tribe that has very little to do with modern-day russians . 
  there have been amas and stuff by ex-wbc members . 
  considering how bad they abuse their own , i doubt they 're just secretly trolls . 
  lances are the equalizer against ships that would otherwise outgun yours . 
  critical hits disabling enemy maneuvering or guns are a godsend , if you 're a frigate or a cruiser facing off against a battlecruiser . 
  probably would , yeah , depending on the specific setup of the encounter . 
  central african republic . 
  claiming a bunch of sea for fishing and stuff around the rock . 
  not only would the asteroid have to be massive , it would also have to be extremely fast . 
  otherwise the moon 's gravity would just pull the fragments back in and eventually reform into a spherical shape . 
  nope . 
  if the fragments fail to escape the moon 's gravity , they never reach earth . 
  and the only result of the impact would be that the moon now has a big asteroid 's worth of extra mass . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about the moon , but i recall an article where the math of shattering the earth was done . 
  turning a planet or spherical moon into an asteroid field is apparently really hard , because if a stellar body is spherical , it has so much mass that it just keeps pulling itself back together with its ' own gravity . 
  not to worry , we can always hope there will be an opportunity to take revenge on russia when poutine 's regime starts collapsing . 
  cleansing all life from vyborg to vladivostok seems like a proportionate retribution , do n't you think ? 
  [ here ] ( https://members.tip.net.au/~davidjw/libdata/alphabet/d/directio.htm ) is a decent explanation , with a picture . 
  admittedly , the directions are still useless in regards to the starbound map . 
  we ca n't zoom out far enough to see the galactic features required for establishing a frame of reference . 
  the ultramarines are the spiritual liege of all space marine chapters , except for the few deviant heretic ones . 
  should n't a 40k lore buff like you know that by know ? 
  is n't there a condition in the tos , stating that you agree to be treated under the laws of california ( or whatever jurisdiction they name ) ? 
  are n't we already the ones working on those [ inflatable mars habitation modules ] ( http://www.space.com/30553-self-deploying-mars-habitats-shee.html ) ? 
  nothing 's being done because nobody in estonia really gives a damn about the addicts , other than a handful of users who have managed to get clean . 
  a big reason is that the people doing the fentanyl are primarily local russians . 
  estonians see them as a bunch of criminals at best and as a potential fifth-column group at worst . 
  ( aside from the hipster-types seen in places like that ` protest ' place mentioned in the story . ), 
  meanwhile , politically active russians are generally very conservative people , retirement-age or getting up there . 
  while they may be a bit more sympathetic , they still think it 's a waste of their tax-money to spend it on some `` futile '' plan to reform addicts . 
  the little bars show which directions have concealment-providing objects . 
  nah , it just writes the `` report '' into a local logfile that nobody ever reads . 
  the light tanks are n't that bad , imo . 
  they 're still decent spotters , and they can do reasonable damage with flank and rear shots . 
  admittedly , they 're better in pve than they are in pvp . 
   spawn outside of area accessible to players and drive towards players normally . 
  this already happens in kodiak . 
  enemies spawn outside map borders north of the third defense point . 
  it 's also annoying as hell , because they do not show up on the minimap , but can still shoot at you from the inaccessible area . 
  yeah . 
  even in a tier 4 , qf-40 , i ca n't pen the side armor of a terminator . 
  to kill one , my only option is to shoot a crapton of my ( limited ) ammo supply at the unmanned turret for half damage . 
  and then a new terminator spawns in right around the corner . 
  really annoying to hit a target that small , though . 
  i suppose i have to give the dev team some credit here . 
  the pve ai in aw is better at waggling their hulls than most wot players . 
  i would n't hold your hopes up . 
  de will just keep nerfing old frames and making them unfun until players have no choice but to play the new crap they release . 
  or , they 're going to take notes from a certain space ninja game and saying `` oh , that was always a bug , camo bonus from that was always supposed to be different for the various classes . 
  we 're just fixing an old bug . '', 
  you mean look at screen before hitting enter , and then hitting enter anyway ? 
  also , i 'd say quarrels which inflict critical damage should probably be unrecoverable . 
  eh , failing a 35 % chance in nine attempts out of ten is within the realm of possibility . 
  that said , it 's possible the rng is not entirely fair and/or random . 
  in fact , firaxis has a long tradition of using weighted rng as an invisible difficulty mechanic . 
  most isotopes are , but cs-133 ( the stable , naturally occurring one ) is n't . 
  completely clean up/recycle everything ? 
  unlikely . 
  but on the up side , we will eventually be able to dump the waste in space , where it will be completely harmless . 
  because one thing space will never run out of , is space . 
  right now ? 
  sure . 
  but when we get around to building orbital elevators ? 
  eventually land on earth is going to be far too expensive and valuable to waste on unrecyclable waste . 
  i was referring to waste in general . 
  and naturally , some thought needs to go into where in space it would be safe to store this kind of waste . 
  of course just randomly launching waste into earth orbit would be dangerous and pointless . 
  we 'd have to launch it into interplanetary space at the very least , as well as plot out the final trajectory , to make sure it does n't hit anything important in the next few centuries . 
  i was wondering if these would show up here . 
  always nice to see heavy-duty freedom being delivered to our country :d, 
  too good to be true ? 
  ok , sure , it banned roaming charges . 
  it also killed net neutrality in europe . 
  thankfully , there 's a clause saying breaching net neutrality is only allowed for technical reasons , not commercial ones . 
  but i 'm sure the army of corporate lawyers can come up with a creative interpretation of what `` technical reasons '' means . 
  appointed by the prime minister , who is appointed by the president , who is appointed by an elected parliament . 
  give a landed title to an infidel , imprison and release until he rebels . 
  hire the holy order . 
  you should now be able to target your son with spying focus . 
  as long as the rebellion lasts , the holy order will have no upkeep , because the rebel leader * is an infidel `` attacking '' you . 
  the vanilla `` choose an age '' screen itself is a pita that breaks overhaul mods .
