  edit : email sent, 
  well ... 
  i 'm not op , but this has only made me more indecisive . 
  mostly because i have banshee , rhino and excalibur prime in my inventory , plus grinding for ash . 
  no faction has more than two of those , and the mods of red veil seem significantly more powerful than others . 
  amazing resource , though . 
  thanks for linking this . 
  honestly , i get the feeling that the entire system is so war-torn and otherwise messed up , that assuming society works the same way it does today is definitely not guaranteed to be true . 
  i suspect both the grineer and the corpus are functionally totalitarian societies . 
  it 's entirely possible families as such do n't exist for the corpus either . 
  children could just as easily be raised in purpose-build indoctrination facilities , potentially without even knowing who their parents are . 
  an even darker interpretation of the profit cult : the parents sell their newborn children to indoctrination camps for a profit ; the camps train and educate the children , getting a cut of their wards ' contracts once they are employed . 
  my dad 's like that . 
  he 's definitely not the attention-craving type . 
  in his case , it 's a loud , involuntary breathe-in action . 
  long war has you start with a squad size of 6 , and lets you upgrade to 8 . 
  and you will absolutely need it to face the alien hordes . 
  especially since aliens now have `` pod leaders '' with buffs . 
  sectoid pod leaders have low profile ( all cover counts as full ) . 
  thin men have squadsight . 
  chryssalids have lightning reflexes . 
  all outsiders regen health and have 10 or more hp to begin with . 
  and that 's not even getting into the expanded tech tree , equipment lists and completely reworked soldier perk trees . 
  the multiplayer ... two words : still broken . 
  and when it 's not , it 's still hamstrung by the fact that you 're restricted to pre-defined soldier perk/equipment loadouts, 
  it also looks like there are no marsh tiles on land . 
  so a theory , because i 'm learning software development and find these thought excercises interesting . 
  the map generator is supposed to place a certain amount of each type of terrain feature on the map . 
  since the northern hemisphere is forced to be tundra , arctic and ocean ice , it runs short on space on the southern hemisphere . 
  and because of oversight , marsh does not conflict with ocean , so it combines marsh and ocean in order to be able to place the `` right '' amount of plains , grasslands and deserts on the land tiles . 
  actually , being able to max some frames to demi-god status is something of a dilemma for game balance . 
  if only some frames can be maxed that way , then eventually those frames will become completely dominant , because those frames that ca n't be maxed are n't worth the bp/materials grind . 
  from a `` perfect '' balance viewpoint , either all frames should be moddable to demi-godhood , or none of them should be . 
  not saying , of course , that all frames absolutely need to be created equal . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see what choices de makes in this regard . 
  the sector is probably being contested . 
  dark sectors are controlled by clans , which also fight over those sectors . 
  unless i 've seriously misunderstood something , those sectors are only available to players belonging to the clans involved in the conflict if the sector is being contested . 
  strangely enough , i gravitate toward two polar opposites . 
  lawful paladin/fighter types , and ranger/rogue type , usually on the chaotic side of things . 
  though i admit this preference of character class is largely speculative . 
  i have only been a player once in dnd , and even then i ended up `` promoting '' to the dm position when the original dm dropped out of the group . 
  i had problems with skyrim after updating my drivers recently . 
  it later turned out the cuplrit was not the driver update , but the update to the geforce experience program that ( claims to ) optimize graphical settings for specific games . 
  i uninstalled geforce experience and everything started working again . 
  might want to try this solution , but no guarantees . 
  my problem was ctd and error spam , not bsod . 
  also different game . 
  a great short , particularly the dilemma at the end . 
  couple of mistakes i noticed , though . 
  second sentence , second paragraph , seems like it 's missing something : a comma or an article or something . 
  as-is , the part about what exactly was grown is ambiguous . 
  `` we shared out knowledge '' technically not wrong , but ` our knowledge ' seems like it would make more sense . 
  ` millennium ' needs to be plural ( millenia or milleniums ) . 
  it sounds like a great idea . 
  but i doubt we 'll see it outside a mod . 
  unless maybe some expensive `` enhanced edition '' dlc . 
  edit : although ... as far as mods go , this does not sound too hard to code . 
  one would still be keeping the stock diplomacy models , which already account for affinities . 
  the hard part would be writing the custom dialogue and \\* shudder \\* getting it all voice-acted in a way that does the game justice . 
  the problem is , footing the criminals ' legal bills from taxpayer money would motivate law enforcement agencies to let more people off with just a slap on the wrist . 
  not just the morally ambiguous cases where the victim might be considered innocent , but also non-violent criminals like pickpockets , car-thieves , burglars and other perpetrators of property crime . 
  anything the general public would n't consider `` serious '' . 
  i recall a case from a while back here in estonia , where a criminal was standing trial for breaking into a car and stealing valuables from it for the 17th time ( not the same car every time , of course ) , pleading guilty and being judged `` sincerely regretful '' by the judge . 
  all he got slapped with was payment of certain legal fees and six months probation ( he would only go to prison if he committed another crime within those six months [ and got caught ] ) . 
  if something like what you suggest went through in the us , i 'd predict a massive rise in property crimes . 
  and get the message `` unit was killed by miasma '' before you 're even half-way done . 
  station names get recycled as the game advances . 
  there 's a bug that if you destroy a station and it 's re-established on the other side of the map , the station `` remembers '' being hostile to you . 
  if an ai player starts trading with the re-established station : boom , warmonger , nothing you can do about it . 
  edit : a word, 
  probably to make casual players like me feel overconfident and assume we have a far greater advantage over ai than we actually do ? 
  you know , it would be really interesting if there was a mod that turned all of the `` victory '' quests into secret lose-conditions , end with that civ losing the game and creating a massive barbarian/alien scp threat that the remaining players need to deal with . 
  hmm ... and the first unique purity unit ( battlesuits ) is way more powerful than the other two . 
  perhaps the game is trying to tell us something ? 
  what would make sense as dual primary , though ? 
  ok , just realized . 
  burston and burston prime . 
  to elaborate , your critical hits have a chance to crit a second time if your crit chance is high enough . 
  iirc , it requires a final crit chance higher than 100 % . 
  note that getting a headshot against an enemy grants a massive bonus to crit chance , which wo n't be displayed in armory . 
  edit : oh , this is 3 days old ? 
  i 'm farther back in the subreddit than i thought . 
  vanilla bug that ca n't be fixed . 
  ( or is n't worth the hassle of fixing ) . 
  absolutely . 
  or , if not * equally * bad , both positions could still be so terrible that neither of them should be adopted as policy or law . 
  the reason for this is that if one side 's starting position is reasonable , then the other side will begin with ridiculous demands and end up with a `` compromise '' that 's heavily in their favor . 
  iirc , the `` biocybernetics or something '' ( do n't remember for sure either ) research required floater interrogation in lw . 
  or at the very least floater autopsy . 
  steam name : martenz05, 
  the only multiplayer game i play right now is warframe . 
  otherwise preoccupied with completing witcher and ( in the near future ) witcher 2 . 
  unlikely , but entirely possible if the first shot misses the brain and brain stem . 
  estonian masterrace here . 
  to specify the ending point ( and divergence ) of the anime ( anime and manga spoilers below ) :, 
  [ clare kills rigardo with just awakened legs , then proceeds to beat priscilla with the four-limb awakening she needed to beat rigardo in the manga . 
  priscilla is not killed because isely swoops in , throws a one-liner and then swoops out carrying an unconscious priscilla . 
  and then the final episode ends . 
  ] ( / spoiler ),
