  ugly on the inside is still ugly . 
  even if the package is hot . 
  and if one of those non-shitty feminists meets some shitty feminists , they get told by a shrieking choir of blue-haired idiots that they 're not a `` real '' feminist and that the non-shitty feminist must suffer from internalized misogyny if they do n't advocate killing all men . 
  feminism as a movement is tainted . 
   in very small corners, 
  you mean like a candidate for the dnc chair saying that white people need to shut up and sit down , and receiving a loud cheer from the present audience ? 
  because the potential leadership of the democratic party being cheered when they say shit like that aloud does not sound like a small and irrelevant corner of the left . 
  depends very much on the details of how he goes about it . 
  pushing to just annul all existing green cards and visas to deport all non-citizens in the us would be ridiculous , and i am certain he wo n't do something like that . 
  the fictional boogeyman in the left 's nightmares might do that , but not the man that was actually elected president . 
  if he ordered a re-vetting of current green card holders and started deporting radical islamists and welfare leeches , i 'd have no issue with that . 
  got any sources for that ? 
  the picture i 've gotten from various other threads on reddit is that the college admins insisted everything was under control and pressured the mayor to tell the police to stay clear , lest the `` peaceful '' protest escalate to violence from the police presence . 
  sanctions have not been lifted . 
  in fact , trump recently told the ukraine that the sanctions [ would remain in place ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/trump-ukraine-russia-sanctions-234631 ) . 
  so ... probably steve ? 
  would n't work for this setup , though . 
  electric smelters are too large ; there would be a strip of single-tile-wide ore that does n't get mined . 
  legacy of both the russian empire and of the ussr . 
  for those empires , the important directions of movement were east-west , to/from st. petersburg/leningrad and moscow , so the connections in the provinces were built accordingly . 
  common/portraits/00 _ portraits.txt controls the portraits . 
  scroll down past the continental defaults and you 'll find examples for the majors . 
  i do n't see why adding a new file containing just your tag 's portrait definitions would n't work , if you want to minimize the amount of vanilla files your mod is overriding . 
  namelists are defined in common/names / . 
  the files group them by continent , but include individual namelists for each tag . 
  again , better to add a new file just for your tag , instead of editing vanilla files . 
  look at 00_names . txt for a commented explanation of how some of this stuff works . 
  he does n't hate fun . 
  it 's just that anyone who knows anything at all about how militaries work ca n't suspend disbelief about the kind of idiocy and incompetence demonstrated in gate ( and most other fictional works that involve armed forces ) . 
  the artsy-fartsy types that typically make works of fiction like gate or hollywood movies have n't got an inkling of how to military , how to tactics or even how to basic fucking discipline . 
  right , i forgot about his supposed membership in the jsdf . 
  yanai really has no excuse then . 
  but many other authors do , including far bigger names than yanai . 
  as awesome as this plot progression is , the ultramarine wank in official sources is frustrating enough as-is . 
  i do hope they decide to bring back other loyalist primarchs to steal some of the limelight . 
  every line seems fine . 
  only thing i can think of is that there is already an idea with the same identifier . 
  yes , mods is correct . 
  though technically , you can design a bald badass and name him van doorn even in vanilla , save him to the character pool and have him show up as a recruit or something . 
  it is also in vanilla where bradford makes a comment about `` some guy called van doorn '' not being the kind of nutcase they want in xcom . 
  this easter egg is one of the many random lines that bradford , shen and tygan might say if you 're messing around in the avenger anthill screen . 
  afaik , the tau have a `` sort-of '' warp drive , which skims along the `` edge '' or `` surface-currents '' of the warp for its ' ftl speed , making brief jumps and then coming back to realspace to check their position and adjust course . 
  compare this to imperial ships , which `` submerge '' completely into the warp and can thus take advantage of the `` deepers '' currents , but require the astronomican , navigators and as far more powerful anti-warp fields to work . 
  not sure if this is canon , but i 've read on various internet sources that the tau experimented with `` full-submersion '' warp drives , but gave up on it because they could n't get their gellar fields to work , producing way more tentacles than they were comfortable with . 
  personally , i think the best they could do for the tigers is not aim time , but dramatic accuracy buffs . 
  buff the tigers to below 0.2 accuracy , possibly even nerf the aim-time . 
  make it so they 're capable of sniping the frontal weakpoints of stationary tanks to break stalemates from the back row . 
  either that , or just give the 88mm guns more pen , so the supposedly superior dpm of the tigers is n't just an on-paper value that only works if an enemy ht gives them free side shots . 
  i made a bunch of corrupted astartes weapons for a deathwatch campaign that never took off the ground . 
  while not suitable or balanced for non-astartes , i 'm sure you could use what i 've written up for inspiration . 
  if you 're interested , send me a pm, 
  here you go , then : http://pastebin.com/wa8mvztf, 
  the link will expire in a week . 
  the artifacts are intentionally op even by the standards of the deathwatch rulebooks . 
  they were going to end up eating our taxes regardless . 
  fucks like that do n't rehabilitate . 
  they just pretend to while under review , so they can get back on the street and rob some more . 
  some journalists will doubtless take offense to that title . 
  if it 's written down , then it 's libel , not slander . 
  like others said , sots2 is a complete mess . 
  the game is playable , which is better than it was on launch , but on larger maps the mid-late and late game just stalls because turns take so long to process . 
  there are also a number of bugs with the strategic pathfinding ai that were never fixed , especially for the loa faction . 
  diplomacy and government drift mechanics are very obviously unfinished . 
  the autoresolve ai is completely idiotic , so you want to play every battle through by hand , causing further issues with long turns . 
  really , the only way to actually finish a playthrough is to rush the enemies with early-game tech before they have an economy that can sustain prolonged war , thereby stall the game for hours with battles you have to micromanage . 
  it 's a game that was too ambitious for the studio , they tried to add and change too much and ended up running out of time when they only had three-quarters of the game finished . 
  they ran out of money and the incomplete game got kicked out the door by the publisher . 
  and it shows . 
  nonetheless , if you liked sots1 , then sots2 is worth trying on a small 1v1 map . 
  but do n't expect the epic feel of a grand space war happening across multiple hotspot systems that you get in sots1 . 
  he 's also mixing up terms . 
  replace `` armor '' with `` hardness '' in that guy 's text . 
  armor is compared to an attacking unit 's piercing stat and provides significant damage reduction if an enemy does n't have enough piercing to go through your unit 's armor . 
  hardness is the ratio of hard and soft attacks received , as the guy above explained . 
  there is most definitely waste involved . 
  the money paid to bureaucrats and officials stays in the economy , yes , but it is not producing any new value in the process . 
  the money paid to bureaucrats represents a lost opportunity ; it represents capital which a private company with a smaller tax burden could have used to expand a productive enterprise and create actual , productive jobs , instead of being used to pay bureaucrats whose only job is the redistribution of already-existing wealth . 
  yeah ... og tentaculats were terrifying . 
  fucking things could * fly * , so you were n't even safe with flying armor . 
  it can also happen if a large patrolling pod stands directly on the evac zone and blocks off at least 5/9 of the zone 's tiles . 
  which is n't that unlikely in lw2 , if you 've got a hard mission with lots of enemies . 
  angel 's smelting is amazing for smelting , though . 
  you basically get electrical smelting around the same time you 'd normally be switching to steel furnaces . 
  and it 's just that little bit more efficient , so your initial saphirite deposit lasts that much longer . 
  nope , still need due process for involuntary commitment . 
  it 's not just `` doctor/cop decides you need to be committed and in you go '' . 
  they need to make the case to a court to have you committed permanently , though they can also request that you be held in custody until the trial because of flight risk or because you 're a threat to society . 
  and even then it 's the actual judge making the decision of whether you should be detained , not the doctor or cop . 
  if you just want the combat and the shiny ships blasting each other away , without the endgame hurdles of the strategic mode , then i recommend you dig into the faction.xml files somewhere in ( steam ) / ( sots 2 ) / assets / , edit the faction you want to play and give them something like a 200 % research boost so you get to all the cool techs before the ai races slow the game to a crawl with huge inconclusive fleet battles . 
  you of course need to make sure you 're the only one playing that faction during game setup . 
  assets/base/factions / liir_zuul / faction.xml should have an example of how the code structure works , since the liir get a 50 % research boost by default . 
  the value you 're looking for is labeled < researchmodifier  . 
  i 'm not sure if other races have that value by default , since they 're all at 100 % research speed . 
  maybe france wants louisiana back ? 
  because in addition to being power-tripping douchebags , the mods of echo chamber subreddits are too low energy to be anything but lazy . 
  makes you appreciate our high energy mods , does n't it ? 
  her supporters have continued their autistic screeching despite that , and she endorsed jill stein 's recount in states which trump won . 
  for now , i 'll wait and see . 
  there are rumors that trump is planning to axe the entire department of education , so he 's extending a fake , irrelevant olive branch to the republican establishment by appointing a unpopular crony he can safely get rid of . 
  the only way i can see the concept of a `` nicer '' north korea working * at all * , is if there is some kind of huge upheaval that results in the kims deposed , nuclear disarmament ongoing because china has finally had enough of nk 's bullshit and with a north korean leadership that is planning to formally surrender and reunite the country , with south korea as the winner of the cold civil war .
