  build an underground colony and put a flag/teleport station in there . 
  surface colonies are way too risky on planets with any kind of dangerous weather . 
  could it be it 's not actually combat firing like the title suggests ? 
  that they 're just test-firing after doing maintenance on the gun and breach ? 
  it 's quite simple : because the tiger i simply dies if you play it like a heavy tank . 
  the only way to play it well is like a slow medium . 
  it needs to find a sneaky flank-bush position early in the game . 
  galaxies have a super-massive black hole ( smbh ) in the center . 
  a quasar is a large , high-energy `` cloud '' , that has formed around some galaxies ' central smbh . 
  our own milky way , for instance , does not have a quasar around its center . 
  some astronomers theorize that the millky way may have had a quasar around its ' center in the past . 
  in general , quasars are something we do n't really know as much about as we 'd like . 
  we know that they produce a lot of various types of radiation , including visible light and radio waves . 
  and by `` a lot '' i mean , they are the brightest objects know to exist in the universe . 
  all quasars are also very , very far away from us , so we 're really seeing them ( depending on the distance of the specific quasar ) as they were 600 million to 28.85 billion years ago . 
  well ... yes . 
  they are literally the brightest type of object in the universe . 
  the push for itami harem is really dumb . 
  cucked google is tailoring results to us individually . 
  if it thinks we want to see pictures of hillary when we look for felon , it will do it , while leaving others ' results unchanged . 
  if you want to see an `` untailored '' google search , use startpage.com, 
  that site uses google search results , but anonymizes your query , so you do n't get results tailored specifically for you . 
  essentially , yes . 
  obama and his secdef could have abandoned the plans for killing bin laden , if they had wanted to , but the intelligence work and military planning for the mission were all put in place by the bush administration . 
  to add to world tension : it also goes crazy if japan does really well in china and wins that war before pearl harbor . 
  basically , a `` bypass '' for a national focus means that if the bypass conditions are filled , the focus is instantly marked as `` completed '' , without actually providing the benefits . 
  in your specific case , this means italy does n't get permanently locked out of that part of the focus tree if it somehow loses eritrea and italian somaliland . 
  that 's all the bypass section of the explanation means . 
  naval strikes are actually pretty weak right now . 
  it 's the port strikes that are op . 
  you know , you can already do that . 
  a single general/marshal can have multiple front lines . 
  hand-draw two front lines while the same general is selected . 
  the second front will have 0 units assigned to it . 
  select a number of the general 's units and ctrl-click on the second front . 
  and now you have separated the units under a single general 's command into subunits . 
  when drawing an offensive line , you can press tab to select which front line the offensive should originate from . 
  sure , it says `` all adults must serve '' , but there is always a percentage of people who are so unfit for service that the military does n't want to waste time with them . 
  although men make up ~ 50 % of any society , you 'll note that even from the `` scraping the barrel '' policy , you only get 25 % recruitment . 
  manpower , as expressed in the game , is strictly frontline troops . 
  even the logistics and field hospital support units are formations that operate close enough to the front lines that they can be overrun by enemies . 
  with the military youth groups and whatnot , the facists are literally putting boy scouts , disabled veterans and other less-capable individuals into rear-guard roles , in order to fill logistical positions that would otherwise have to be manned by an adult . 
  google knows we 're high energy , so it gives us results we want to see . 
  if you want to see how a random anonymous `` someone '' sees google , use startpage.com for searches . 
  it 's basically a google proxy that scrubs your identifying data from the request before passing it to google , and then returns google 's results to you . 
  for average joes , a search of `` rapist '' delivers whole lot of mugshots , wanted posters and other crap , before displaying [ this image ] ( http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/billary-clinton-bill-rapist.jpg ) of slick willie , in the high 200s or low 300s . 
   incognito ... chrome, 
  there 's your problem . 
  chrome has become a pos spyware since google cucked out . 
  all the incognito mode does , is prevent a local history from being generated . 
  and maybe it denies some identifying information to sites that are n't affiliated with google , too . 
  but google still gets to track everything you do in chrome incognito . 
  note that these people are also very likely to be complete wallet warriors . 
  when they run out of silver , they go to the premium shop and buy more , instead of trying to grind credits through gameplay . 
  there 's an increased chance of it to appear in the tutorial if you douse the torch . 
  in order to hammer in the point that dousing the torch is dangerous . 
  research teams were in 2 . 
  in 3 , you had a whole bunch of `` practical expertise '' and `` theoretical expertise '' values on the research tab , which meant that if you built a lot of tanks and researched a lot of tank tech , you 'd be able to produce tanks and research tank techs faster . 
  except it was kind of a crapshoot and the research bonuses did n't offset the ahead of time penalties . 
   fast traveled, 
  found the problem . 
  seriously , it 's quite a fun challenge to play as a vampire and slow-travel everywhere , occasionally kicking in the door of a dungeon and letting the residents know it belongs to you now , because the big bad vampire decided this is a nice place to find shelter from the approaching sunrise . 
  i have to admit , the story confused me for several seconds in the middle , until i realized i was in r/hfy , and not in / r/talesfromtechsupport, 
  retaliatory ? 
  or revanchist ? 
  it 's ancient enough history that we ca n't really be sure at this point . 
  that is exactly what it is . 
  they slipped up and let their own racism show . 
  however , you can shoot drowned tanks and still farm damage from them , even after they 've died . 
  it 's a great idea . 
  and this solution would also allow putting mechanized rart into the game . 
  yes , you 're supposed to land on empty provinces . 
  another important trick is to land in multiple empty provinces and spread out , trying to encircle a port while also avoiding your own troops from having an encirclement penalty if counterattacked . 
  the appeal for me is a more level playing field between player and ai . 
  turn-based is about optimal choices at the right time ; there are a finite amount of choices to make each turn . 
  the ai ca n't use its ' ability to make tick-precise timing in decisions to its ' advantage . 
  without console commands , no . 
  but you make a coastal province your core with console commands and then reload the game , to make it a valid point for unit deployment . 
  britain before wwi definitely was such a superpower . 
  they were not capable of rapid responses as the us and ussr were during the cold war , but unlike all other powers of their time , the british empire did have truly global reach . 
  they could ( eventually ) respond with force in any region of the world . 
  if they get a fascist coup , or if they have a civil war , the modifier is abandoned . 
  however ... if they started the neutrality focus and then turned fascist before the focus finished , you get a fascist country with the neutral foreign policy focus . 
  in which case your only solution is to attack and puppet . 
  thankfully , due to being fascist , they should n't be able to join the allies . 
  superior firepower is massively better for any kind of artillery . 
  and actually any kind of units in general , because the ai is crap at building armored divisions . 
  you need to create a new one-province-state for that province , and then remove that province from its ' original state . 
  off the top of my head , i know memel is a one-province-state , if you need an example of how to create one . 
  do you have giant , 1000-plane squadrons ? 
  an individual squadron flies out twice in the 24 hour period of a day , exact time of the flyouts varies on their mission type and their day/night settings . 
  so a single 1000-plane air superiority squadron fights two air battles every day and completely wrecks the enemy . 
  ten 100-plane squadrons will fight 20 air battles a day , and probably still consistently win their battles . 
  typical paradox ai . 
  looks like the american ai just bugged out at some point and stopped checking the conditions for whether it should change its ' trade law . 
  because i 've definitely seen america switch away from free trade to export focus and even limited exports in my games , once they join the war . 
  they 'll never switch to closed economy , though , since they assume that they have allies that need to import resources from the us . 
  it used to be massively op for warscore , though . 
  you could basically rack up infinite war score for your country with strat bombing and completely screw the rest of your allies out of territorial gains at the peace conference . 
  one of the devs explained their reasoning for why mental breaks are as bad as they are somewhere on this subreddit .
