  a well.fitted armor can be quite easy to wear at first . 
  but a fighter , particularly a solitary adventurer or mercenary , does n't just need the burst strength to effectively wear the armor in five minutes of combat . 
  they need the stamina to march for miles on end in that armor and still be ready for a fight at the end . 
  almost as if somebody stopped paying for the protesters ' expenses suddenly ... 
  except there are some rather troubling implications to the `` man made climate change '' argument that the democrats are completely silent about , because speaking those out loud would sink the whole diversity , migration and multicultural progress narrative they have . 
  if climate is man made , then global economy and consumption becomes a zero-sum game , where vast populations somewhere in the world need to be kept in poverty , because the climate ca n't take a car and a smartphone being produced for every family in africa and south-east asia . 
  it means there is a vital need to impose population controls on the exploding african population , which will likely mean external military enforcement , because there 's no way those countries will adopt such controls in a timeframe that can actually make a difference . 
  or , alternatively everyone in the developed western world has to curl up and die to make room for the african industrial revolution . 
  none of these are platforms that anyone could possibly get elected on . 
  but at least some of these ugly things are going to have to happen to resolve man-made climate change . 
  either everyone , or some vast majority , needs to remain in the stone age industrially . 
  alternatively , we can argue that climate change is n't primarily man-made , even if man-made events and activities have contributed to it , and it becomes a wholly different message : we ca n't actually prevent climate change and its ' harmful effects , so every sane country needs to invest into having their own citizens survive the effects , rather than throwing money at the hopeless cause of trying to save the whole world by averting the climate change crisis . 
  well , yes , there 's also the choice of covering our ears and pretending that pouring taxpayer money into ineffective and inadequate schemes whose only benefit are virtue signaling and enrichment of `` green '' corporations while the climate continues to deteriorate despite the liberal so-called `` efforts '' to fix the situation . 
  even if climate change is man-made , the feelgood solutions offered by liberals and environmentalists are uselessly inadequate , and not even aimed at the worst sources of the problem . 
  even utterly inhuman selflessness and sacrifices by the west is n't going to matter , if africa and asia continue to pollute to their heart 's content in their struggle to `` catch up '' to western standards of life . 
  for instance , nuclear energy is quite literally the only technology that has any chance of covering the world 's energy needs if we abandon fossil fuels in a short enough timeframe to make a difference in climate change . 
  and environmentalists do n't want to hear a damn thing about it . 
  instead , environmentalists want us to blindly pour money developing better capacitors , solar cells and wind generators , expecting there to be a revolutionary breakthrough that might not materialize for decades to come ; they 're simply gambling with the whole planet hoping for that breakthrough , while safe nuclear technology already exists , as long as the plants are n't built in earthquake and tsunami zones . 
  and of course , the top environmentalists also neglect to mention their own financial ties to `` green '' energy , and how extensively they personally profit from all the funds poured into it . 
  not to mention using footage of a game in a review is definitely fair use and does n't break copyright . 
  it 's not as if pdp was handing out pirate copies of the game . 
  copyright law in the us is draconian and overboard as it is . 
  abusing it to shut down controversial opinions of reviewers will only polarize the different sides of the argument . 
  `` it 's for a good cause ! '', 
  is not an excuse . 
  copyright claims are n't intended as a tool for punishing people for having the `` wrong '' opinions outside their review content . 
  it turns out that there are a great many blacks who do n't like the idea of being judged by the content of their character . 
  because being considered a n \\*\\*\\* \\* r solely due to their skin color by racist whites is actually * better * than they get when people judge them for their actual character . 
  yeah , deterring a country from using military force to restore some lost imperial `` glory '' that the former subject countries want to get the hell away from is `` beating the war drum for a regime change effort '' . 
  `` make russia an empire again '' might as well be the official slogan putin uses to distract his population from all the mansions he and his cronies are building with taxpayer money . 
  and when i read about actual police departments deleting their gang member databases because there are n't enough white people on them , i think the identity politics have driven the `` anti-racists '' completely insane . 
  if you keep telling us white people that we 're inherently racist simply because we 're born white , do n't be surprised when we give up on the futile-by-definition idea of trying our hardest not to be racist and embrace the label and its ' advantages . 
  after all , no matter how hard we try , we 'll always be racists to you . 
  [ portland , if you really have n't heard . 
  ] ( https://www.louderwithcrowder.com/portland-gangs-database/?utm_source=facebook&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_content=062316-news&amp;utm_campaign=crowder ), 
  he 's probably what other muslims call `` apostate '' and would be stoned to death if he or his wife ever found themselves in a no-go zone . 
  i recommend you switch over to something like [ brave ] ( https://www.brave.com/ ) . 
  that privacy-oriented browser is made mostly by people that got kicked out of the firefox team for being too based and openly rejecting political correctness . 
  you do realize solar parks would break down in the same timeframe , if not sooner , without anyone doing maintenance on the power transfer and load balancing systems ? 
  the conservative solution to climate change that i support is to just accept climate change is going to happen and invest into infrastructure that will enable us to survive the worst-case scenario . 
  the us industries are not really the problem that climate change faces : it 's us consumers , asian industry producing goods for us consumers , and an exploding african population that wants to catch up to western living standards . 
  the international diplomacy of telling africa and asia that they 're not allowed to continue polluting as part of their industrial revolution and catching up with western living standards is the only thing that 's actually going to be big enough make a difference to global climate change processes . 
  it 's never ever going to succeed unless we straight-up go to war and compel them to actually implement green industry reforms on the same level as the west is implementing , rather than just lying to everyone 's faces about how much they 're really polluting . 
  their common narrative is that the great patriotic war was won by `` the heroic soviet peoples '' , while unspecified `` communists '' were responsible for all the slave death camps and mass murders . 
  each syndicate has their own `` item '' . 
  arbiters of hexis calls them medallions . 
  red veil calls them marks . 
  cephalon suda calls them datums . 
  the page on the warframe wikia describing and listing all of them is called '' [ syndicate medallions ] ( http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/syndicate_medallions ) '' . 
  considering a lot of obama voters were muslim ... probably bigger than people realize . 
  about 3.3 million , according to [ a 2016 study ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/01/06/a-new-estimate-of-the-u-s-muslim-population/ ) , making them 1 % of the population . 
  i found a number of sites that claim there are between 3000 to 5000 kkk members in the us `` according to the southern poverty law center . '', 
  but the splc site is an utter disaster to search and navigate , and i could n't find the original claim . 
  exactly my point . 
  most muslims would say that man and his family have stopped practicing islam and left the religion , making them apostates . 
  and that right there is why we need term limits everywhere . 
  or at least a limit to consecutive terms everywhere . 
  force the elected politicians to spend an election cycle or two experiencing the bureaucracy and tax rates they 're imposing on everyone else . 
  no , jury nullification is something else entirely . 
  jury nullification is the jury ( of randomly selected people ) deciding that the law should not be enforced in * this specific instance * of someone breaking it . 
  jury nullification does not , ever , set any kind of precedent . 
  a court striking down a law , however , involves a panel of judges ( who are professional experts in matters of law , not random laymen ) reviewing the case and determining the letter of the law itself is fundamentally flawed , either by contradicting itself or the constitution , in such a way that the legislators should never have passed such a broken thing into law in the first place . 
  the chicken tax is a tariff , which is entirely within the government 's rights to establish : there 's no constitutional amendment that forbids tariffs on specific goods . 
  neither does the chicken tax contradict itself in a way that makes it impossible to comply with : the law states very clearly the exact good that companies need to pay tariffs on . 
  the legislators were entirely within their rights to pass it when they did , so it 's the legislators job to remove it . 
  the courts ca n't strike down a law because they find it silly , or unjust or disagree with it politically ; they can only strike down laws that are unconstitutional or impossible to obey due to their flawed language . 
  to be honest , he did n't * know * how much he could get away with . 
  based on recovered personal journals and biographies , he was downright shocked by how much the british and the french were letting him get away with peacefully . 
  hitler was fully prepared for having to back down on taking studetenland from checkoslovakia and just settling with remilitarized rheinland and the anschluss for the next decade or so ( or however long it took for the soviet union to become the big bogeyman threatening europe ) . 
  but when he got studetenland , he got drunk on victory and became convinced that if the brits and french did n't go to war over that , they would n't go to war over * anything * in eastern europe . 
  and given the initial `` phony war '' on the western front , it was n't entirely unjustified . 
  at that specific point , it was n't too much of a stretch to figure the brits and the french were just going to war as a mere formality to follow through on their guarantees , and then settling for a peace after poland collapsed and a few months of quiet stalemate on the western front established that nobody in the west wanted the casualties of actually fighting all the way through germany to liberate irrelevant little poland . 
  not how things went , of course , but it 's something that would have completely fit within the post-wwi geopolitical and diplomatic mentalities of the time . 
  hitler * did * want war ( or at least believed war was inevitable , at least with the soviets ) but he did n't want it until 1945 or later ( that 's about how long mussolini and his analysts believed italy would take to reform their military and armament industry to become as modern and competent as germany 's was ) . 
  hitler decided to seize what he believed was a golden opportunity , since he became convinced of two things . 
  first , he believed the appeasement strategy used by britain and france was a sign that they were far less prepared for war than germany expected them to be ; which to an extent was true : comparing the german estimates and actual british and french records in hindsight , the german intelligence agencies * were * severely overestimating the western allies . 
  and secondly , because the soviet military was extremely weak and incompetent in the wake of stalin 's purges , as very clearly demonstrated by the winter war where finland inflicted enormous casualties against an industrially and numerically superior enemy that had the initiative of being on the offensive . 
  before the finns fought the soviets to a standstill , everyone expected the soviets to break through to helsinki and round up the local communists to declare a soviet republic within the next few weeks ; instead after more than three months of enormously lopsided casualties , the soviets settled for just the buffer zones they had initially demanded , while finland remained an independent country and avoided having to fight the soviet armored forces in the summer . 
  hitler fully expected to use the conquered soviet lands and resources as a means to surpass britain as the world 's preeminent superpower . 
  germany being the indisputable no . 
  1 empire in the world after the dust settles was always the main goal . 
  he simply would have preferred not to go to war with the `` civilized '' fellow whites of western europe to achieve that , but he was n't particularly opposed to it either , once it became clear the brits were n't going to just accept their decline from superpower status without a major war . 
  ** mordak chainboot **, 
  * prison infiltration and breakout *, 
  mordak is a worn , sickly-looking dwarf with a smoky-gray beard barely longer than a stubble . 
  in his lectures , he has a tendency to wax on about his own claim to fame : infiltrating a supposedly inescepable dwarven prison and breaking out after assassinating his mark . 
  despite the occasional reminiscing , his lessons do cover all the aspects of assassinating an imprisoned mark , from techniques to learn the prison layout in preparation , to various ways of securing an unguarded moment with the mark to carry out the assassination . 
  exactly this . 
  there is a move where jug rises on two legs to create a patch of creep that spawns infested , briefly exposing a glowing frontal weakpoint . 
  except the tells for it are nearly identical to his `` fuck everything in front of me '' ranged attack , and the length of time the weakpoint is exposed is so damn short that you basically have to already be in front of him when he makes his tell and have the ranged weapon prepared to have any chance of hitting it before the window closes . 
  and remember , the tell is nearly identical to the lethal ranged attack . 
  taking down jug is a major hassle even on pluto/eris/sedna levels . 
  i ca n't even imagine how bullshit it must be to take him down on sortie level , where his ranged attack probably flat-out oneshots any warframe that is n't in an invulnerability state . 
  divine comedy is just a bunch of fanfiction by dante anyway . 
  i trust u/therealoriginalsatan to know what he 's talking about . 
  he seems like a stand-up sort of guy , not some obsessed weirdo that writes fanfic ^ ^ ( not ^ ^ that ^ ^ i ^ ^ haven ^ ^ ' t ^ ^ written ^ ^ any ^ ^ myself ) . 
  it 's actually the exact opposite . 
  canadian and us ( and to a lesser extent , venezuelan ) oil is much more expensive to extract . 
  we 're paying them so they limit their production of cheap oil just enough that the us and canadian companies can remain in business . 
  they get to sell their cheap oil at enormous margins , as well as pace out their remaining ( smaller ) production reserves , while avoiding the tension that would inevitably happen if they tried to force us and american oil extraction out of business .
