  generally , it 's safer ( from a legal perspective ) and more straightforward to use money as the startup currency . 
  should ever be forgot, 
  well , we do know for a fact that the ui lies to us . 
  it 's really more like 30 % chance . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's just a lot of damage . 
  there are things in the vanilla game that do n't instantly die from the horror 's beam attack , like space dragons for example . 
  and god forbid people actually put effort into making their sex life healthy after marriage . 
  if the sex is n't perfect ( and in all likelihood temporary ) bliss on day one , it 's time to give up and find a new fuckbuddy . 
  hmm ... 
  possibly , a nuke event that forces a low-unity country to capitulate even if it still holds enough vps to remain in the war by regular rules ? 
  despite the advantages of ba , i think greatswords still have their use against powerful hp-sponges . 
  the faster attack speed is really useful for evading the counterattack if the enemy is capable of one-shotting you . 
  yes , you are allowed to work for your own company and pay yourself a salary . 
  and for a time it 's probably necessary for the situation you mention . 
  however , if you can , it 's better to pay out dividends to yourself . 
  the company loses a lot more money to social - , unemployment insurance and mandatory retirement-fund taxes when paying out a salary , as opposed to just the owner paying the income tax when they get dividends dividends . 
  suppose you have a sum of $ 1000 that you want to pay out to yourself . 
  as dividends :, 
  company decides pays out dividends of $ 1000, 
  you receive 800 after 20 % gets deduced as income tax . 
  edit : assuming that you also have $ 170 of monthly income from elsewhere , and ca n't claim minimum tax-free income on the dividends . 
  as salary :, 
  company decides to pay a salary of $ 1000, 
  company pays $ 330 of social tax ( 33 % of gross salary ), 
  company pays $ 8 of employer-side unemployment insurance ( 0.6 % ), 
  company pays out $ 1000 gross salary, 
  $ 16 of employee-side unemployment insurance deduced ( 1.6 % ), 
  $ 20 of retirement funding deduced ( 2 % ), 
  $ 170 of tax-free minimum income goes to employee, 
  of remainder $ 794 , $ 158.8 of income tax ( 20 % ) is deduced . 
  employee gets $ 805.2 net salary in total . 
  employer needs to pay pays $ 1338 in salary expenses , while an employee sees a gross salary of $ 1000 and a net salary of $ 805.2 ; for an effective tax rate of 39.8 % . 
  except the tax regulations and statements are regulated so half the taxes remain on the employer side while the workers only see the `` low '' 20 % of income tax . 
  if estonians realized the government is really taking 40 % of what could be their salary , the current ruling coalition would never have held on to their parliament majority for 12 consecutive years . 
  sorry for the mild rant . 
  this shady public illusion going on with estonian salary taxes is one of the things that really pisses me off about estonian government and taxation . 
  anyway , as soon as your personal circumstances allow , pay yourself dividends . 
  you 'll be paying half as much in taxes if you do . 
  it 's entirely possible it 's not a lie . 
  absence of proof is n't proof of absence . 
  the internet can be unreliable if you try to corroborate minor details of larger events before 1990 , or even events before 2000 . 
  back then , the internet as we know it today did n't really exist and only major historical events have been put up on the internet after the fact . 
  no idea about the original question , though . 
  if you 're really interested , you might want to visit the local library and see if they have archived newspapers from back then . 
  with the third party votes involved , i figure it 'll be more like a 55-40 landslide . 
  basically , yes , you need the patch . 
  without the patch , db content will not be deleveled . 
  in addition , db npcs and enemies are n't guaranteed to have correct/balanced requiem perks . 
  the reqtifier has an automated script that adds these perks to npcs and enemies based on their skill levels , but db content is complex enough that it needs manual tweaks to be balanced . 
  ah , good to know . 
  seems like i was misunderstaning what the reqtificator does , then . 
  thanks for the correction , ogerboss . 
  i have to disagree . 
  it 's perfectly fine to end up in an unwinnable situation because you 've lost too many characters in your party . 
  success should n't be guaranteed at all times . 
  in that situation , you probably should have retreated sooner . 
  but you gamble on trying to push through and sometimes you lose . 
  if there 's no possibility of an unwinnable situation , then staying is no longer a gamble , it 's just always the better option . 
  does n't look like it based on what i 've found from googling the topic . 
  only thing i could find was some program called crossover , which just allows a 30-day trial before forcing you to buy it . 
  a `` democracy '' with just one candidate on the ballot . 
  and due to people not understanding timezones , it was common for local propaganda broadcasts to declare that pre-selected candidate the winner with 90 + % of the vote even before the counting was finished in other timezones . 
  right . 
  democracy . 
  expanding on 2 ), 
  artillery and bombing also were n't very effective against concrete fortifications at the time , even when they did hit . 
  more importantly , there was no reliable way of confirming whether a bunker or trench line was already destroyed/suppressed or not . 
  a bunker that * looked * damaged from the air could still be intact enough to be used . 
  in the time it took a recon plane to fly over and report back , a trenchline could be re-dug and be ready by the time of the invasion ; assuming the photographs and eyeball estimations actually picked out the state of the trenchlines between extensive bombing damage and camouflage nets . 
  not to mention the threat of aa fire over the fortifications . 
  when i think about facing undead monsters and eldritch abominations , i think the last survivor would flee for their lives or go insane . 
  and no , i did not mean retreating on my final line . 
  retreating , despite the chance to fail , is the safe option of cutting your losses and bailing out . 
  if you continuously press for `` no , no , i can still win this '' , there should be a line after which all paths to victory are closed . 
  it 's a conscious decision on the player 's part to take the risk on the attack rolls and dodges instead of taking the dice roll on retreating . 
  there 's nothing wrong with having an unwinnable result after these gambles do n't pay out . 
  if you really think this deadlock situation is something that needs to be `` fixed '' , then i 'd say the better fix is making stress pile up as you force the surviving character ( s ) to keep trying to kill an abomination they ca n't actually beat , instead of letting them flee for their lives . 
  edit : though i will concede that allowing moves out-of-position should be allowed in situations where the last survivor is not allowed to retreat . 
  i could also get behind the player 's characters leaving corpses , so it 's always possible to get into the correct position . 
  i seriously facepalmed when you listed angela merkel . 
   angela merkel has the balls to admit enforced multiculturalism does n't work, 
  and then she turns around and demands germany and other countries in europe import more ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ goatfuckers from a bunch of ~ ~ islamic ~ ~ medieval shitholes . 
  `` do n't worry , racist whites who actually have jobs are the ones who deserve to pay for everything ! '', 
  or he 's talking about voter fraud because of things [ like this ] ( http://joeforamerica.com/2016/11/breaking-florida-election-employees-caught-faking-1000s-of-stolen-absentee-ballots-in-massive-voter-fraud-scheme/ ) in fl . 
  ~ ~ try using : ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ produced_resources = { energy = 1 } ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ like how the solar panel module on spaceports works . ~ ~, 
  nevermind , i missed the part where you said you 'd already tried that . 
  given the scale we 're talking about here , even 0.01 % is huge and cause for concern . 
  even so , it 's a non-issue as far as i 'm concerned . 
  trump still supports a gradual , market-driven move toward clean energy . 
  his stance on dirty energy is more like `` all that cutting our own emissions does right now , is letting china increase their pollution and get away with lying about their emissions . '', 
  they 've brought them up in general and acknowledge the leaks exist , but they rarely if ever go into the details with a critical eye . 
  the corporate media only parades out plausibly innocent , ambiguous e-mails and then extrapolates that the leaks are n't that big of a deal . 
  they knowingly and deliberately ignore the e-mails that are fairly clear-cut , as well as completely neglect to investigate the external context of the `` innocent '' emails . 
  really , you just care who your victim is, 
  it does apply . 
  right now , trump is trending up , while hillary is trending down . 
  if it was the other way around , those six `` weighted coin tosses '' would favor clinton .
