  * start game from starbound.exe ( not from launcher/steam ), 
  worked for me . 
  are you sure you 're looking in the right place ? 
  the full path should be something like this :, 
  c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ steam \\ steamapps \\ common \\ starbound \\ win32 \\ starbound.exe, 
  it 's not like there 's anything dangerous down there ... 
  satellite rushing in lw the same way you would in vanilla is a bad idea because aliens are much more aggressive about shooting them down . 
  in the early game , you need a minimum of 4 interceptors to deal with the contacts provided by a single satellite . 
  six is recommended , and an absolute must if you have more than one satellite over a continent . 
  branching out to multiple continents too early is a terrible idea because it 's going to flat out send you into bankrupt . 
  either you are wasting money on satellites you ca n't protect , or because you 're forced to pay the upkeep for the 8-12 interceptors protecting all those satellites . 
  later on , of course , as you get better aircraft weapons and more options for accumulating money , satellite expansion is definitely required . 
  outsiders last is hard , but not as hard as dealing with them first and then having the two ` lid pods showing up together instead of dealing with one pod at a time . 
  dealing with the first ` lid pod was where i had to use the flashbang i really wanted to save for the outsiders . 
  fortunately , i 'm not running ironman . 
  after some extra examination , it might be possible to trigger the drones separately and draw them out before activating the outsiders . 
  i 'm gon na go and try that , i think . 
  have an upvote for the advice . 
  that 's almost exactly what i ended up doing . 
  did n't manage to get a separate activation , but i just pulled back and overwatched until one by one , the drones got too brave for their own good . 
  then used distant shotgun flanking positions to frighten two of the outsiders away from the rest of the group and used then used rooftop medics to flank them when they were isolated . 
  finally , suppression to keep the miniboss pinned while the rest of the squad wiped out two more small outsiders and the third ran away . 
  ganked the miniboss with all the shotguns and then moved in on the last outsider . 
  some savescum was involved to figure out the best tactical positioning by trial and error , not to save and reload until i crit every shot or something ( i did n't even use save scum second wave ) . 
  all in all , operation fallen empire was a complete success . 
  ufo recovered intact . 
  two soldiers in recovery for the next month or so , but nobody kia . 
  edit : aaaand it does n't even take three days for the aliens to send another one . 
  with my a-team out of commission , i 'm going to pass on that one . 
  just insert and extract . 
  i probably would n't remember this either , if i was n't born on a `` round '' year ( 1990 ) . 
  the solution to this is to make sure you finish the ufo off with stingray missiles . 
  in case you have n't realized , your interceptors have a choice of avalance ( high damage , low armor pen ) and stingray ( low damage , high armor pen ) missiles from the very beginning . 
  dealing overkill damage with avalance missiles causes the ufo to be destroyed . 
  if you see a ufo that 's flashing purple , then it means its ' armored and you need stingrays and/or lasers to bring it down . 
  wow ... that 's an amazing block for energy . 
  i recommend excavating to the right side and building a fission generator , then building two elevators in a row and going for the steam slots for the rest of your base power . 
  eventually , you 'll be able to dismantle the original fission generator you build . 
  triple adjacent thermo generators will give you just enough power than you 'll have more than you need no matter what you build . 
  before i discovered long war ( and reddit , for that matter ) , my biggest hero was anette in an ew campaign . 
  on her first mission , she went ham on a whole bunch of ` lids in newfoundland . 
  later down the line , she used tk field to evasion-tank every exalt agent in their hq while the rest of the squad got into flanking positions . 
  finally got even with the aliens when she mindfrayed the uber ethereal to death . 
  then sacrificed herself to save the earth from a black hole . 
  as i understand it , soldiers get some experience simply from being on a mission . 
  as darkpursuer recommended , waiting for better armor is a good idea , but there are ways to deal with them , though you need practice before you 're skilled enough to make use of them . 
  the avians that shoot at you are limited by energy . 
  try jumping and dodging until their rate of fire goes down , then shoot back . 
  they will only switch to melee attacks if you get too close . 
  if you have a hard time dodging their bullets , then get close and try dodging their melee attacks instead . 
  have you gotten the next upgrade from penguinbay ? 
  the mute glitch quest is a bit odd , yeah . 
  he has two quests . 
  in the first `` quest '' , he gives you the please help me poster . 
  then you need to upgrade your ship to actually get the second quest . 
  still , there are quite a few good buff foods , even early-game . 
  the jump buff from kiwi juice is almost as good as double jump , if you do n't have tech yet . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i read something like `` 1 loaded + 3 reloads '' is automatic for anything that does n't have a backpack supply . 
  i think it was in the equipment chapter , somewhere in the specialist ammo section . 
  hmm ... 
  pretty sure it 's `` he '' . 
  russian ships are typically considered male by their crew , i believe . 
  not a hat . 
  it 's a book on a pedestal . 
  found in glitch dungeons ( where the guards attack on sight ) . 
  not sure if it can spawn in glitch villages , though . 
  at least i have n't found any in those . 
  former player here . 
  i think it 's been at least five or six years since i last played . 
  just a warning , though . 
  do n't test improving with iron daggers . 
  improving them is wonky because of the smithing tutorial quest . 
  or possibly because the iron dagger is so crap that you need the second improvement level to have an increase large enough that it does n't get rounded down . 
  except they do n't have to spend time and money converting their currency anymore . 
  are you sure that 's how economy works ? 
  why would litas being weaker matter , if the rate of 1 eur = 3.4528 lit was locked ? 
  for instance , the litas became weaker compared to the usd and made their economy more competitive only if the euro itself became weaker compared to usd . 
  ( the questions are serious , btw . 
  if you know more about the economy than i do , please explain . ), 
   having serious trouble with heavy floaters is long war 's way of saying you really need to get your psionics up and running . 
  noticed advice along these lines a short while ago on this sub . 
  also , as noted by others , you 're losing the air war . 
  and phoenix cannons are kind of crap . 
  especially since there 's a foundry project that makes laser cannons really good . 
  finally , while this is not much use in an ongoing game , make an effort to capture aliens and interrogate them on your next playthrough . 
  in particular , try and get a thin mint interrogated before you start researching lasers . 
  the research credit helps a lot . 
  and the payouts for captured aliens ( only available after interrogation ) are pretty darn good . 
  mutons in particular are useful because you can get cpl rank soldiers for them . 
  for actual captures , i recommend mobile scouts with an smg for even more mobility . 
  later in the game , scouts get replaced by engineers in this role , because they get extra arc uses from the repair ability . 
  i found that delaying lasers for about a month is manageable , at least on normal difficulty . 
  shotguns , snipers and gunners can hold the line on the ground for that extra month and you can come back from a bad month in the air as long as you pick your fights and focus on defending your satellites . 
  in the end , it saves about a week or a week and a half in research time spent on lasers . 
  it does n't sound like much , but really , it 's allowed me to feel comfortable researching several side-techs like ufo analysis , autopsies and interrogations , which would otherwise have felt secondary to urgently needing gauss and armor upgrades . 
  with long term consequences , if you start relying on it as a solution , rather than dealing with the cause of your anxiety . 
  112 for firefighters and ambulance , 110 for police . 
  though iirc 911 gets automatically routed to emergency services too . 
  well , they would hardly be the first studio to make a game with a `` custom '' option for difficulty . 
  hmm ... what would happen if you separated your ores into smaller stacks , or even 1-stacks ?
