  how would the previous problem be solved without allowing one or two dissident , pro-russian governments participating in the edf from paralyzing the organization in a crisis ? 
  if these two problems are not simultaneously solved , then the edf is either useless and unable to make strategic decisions ; or the minor partners lose too much sovereignty by joining the edf to ever participate . 
  i think a nato-like solution remains the best option . 
  each national military remains a self-contained unit that answers only to their own political leadership . 
  expeditionary missions are coordinated by willing members through opt-in participation . 
  defensive mobilization is compulsory to all members . 
  mixed formations drawn from multiple militaries are put together as mission/wartime circumstances dictate . 
   the earth goes through natural warm/cool periods , and accepting that this is the case instead of seeking to change or eliminate this balance could be a good standpoint . 
  there 's a kernel of truth to that , but [ this graph ] ( https://xkcd.com/1732/ ) illustrates why the `` climate has changed before '' argument is often just a misleading excuse to justify not doing anything . 
  natural warm/cool periods have an almost insignificant impact on overall global temperature . 
  significant natural climate shifts like coming out of the ice age take place gradually over thousands of years , not within decades . 
  apparently he 's getting it . 
  or at least , he was reported to various agencies and his fb account has been shut down . 
  so , as the vote counts are actually ending for real ( instead of simply being `` called '' by media outlets ) , it looks like trump may have actually won the popular vote as well . 
  if this does turn out to be true , will this video be updated or recanted ? 
  nah , the commandy one is the only one whose superior mind allows him to think of the battle as a turn-based operation . 
  everyone else can just has to work with their regular brain and has to commit to a decision within only a few seconds , instead of carefully counting tiles and analyzing every position . 
  industrially speaking , heavy tanks are almost never worth it . 
  they 're too expensive to produce and only good at fighting enemy tanks and attacking into fortified plains ( which is a really rare combination ) . 
  medium tanks are better all-rounders and you get more of them . 
  light tanks are even cheaper and excellent at covering vast swathes of ground and attacking infantry , at the cost of being bad against foritifications and other tanks . 
  really , the only place where you 'd possibly want to use heavy tanks is if you 're germany and you exploit the national foci to get the the tiger i absurdly early thanks to research credit reducing the ahead of time penalty . 
  generally , unless you 're already experienced enough to know what you 're doing , the safe bet is to focus on medium tanks . 
  i 'm a european trump supporter , specifically from estonia and fully in agreement that a ) getting along with russia would n't be such a bad thing and b ) europe should be doing and paying more to hold up its ' own security . 
  but getting along is a two way street , and russia only really gets along `` well '' with nations that are n't in a position to protest about russia pushing them around . 
  russia simply does n't respect other nations ' right to make independent decisions and never has . 
  unless of course the nation is too powerful for russia to just intimidate , and even then they bitch and moan and make accusations of russophobia . 
  a second `` reset '' with russia is just going to end with more bad deals where russia blatantly takes advantage of europe 's and america 's willingness to offer compromise on issues where compromise should n't even be on the table . 
  and then , when they 've got what they wanted , they go back on their deals when it suits them anyway . 
  the russian siege mentality is n't going to be satisfied until the entire former soviet block sans east germany is their buffer zone against the west . 
  and even then they 'll continue to eye for opportunities and weakness to exploit . 
  make no mistake : russia has , on its ' own , made the decision to make the west their nemesis and the scapegoat for all their internal problems many years ago . 
  the notion of `` provocations '' is nothing but propaganda , no different from clinton 's russian hacker tinfoil . 
  poland and the baltics joined nato and the eu willingly , because being a free and independent country should include the right to make decisions that russia disagrees with . 
  without nato and the eu , they were always going to be vulnerable to russian strong-arming through implied military threats or economic pressure . 
  and although russia frames it as `` usa expanding nato to our doorstep '' , this appearance is misleading : the baltics actively worked and lobbied to overcome us and west european resistance to letting them join . 
  likewise , the people of ukraine protested and overthrew a corrupt russian puppet , after that puppet 's promises to move closer to europe turned out to be nothing more than a negotiation tactic to get a better deal out of russia . 
  when ukrainians realized their leaders had lied to them and that there was never any intention of getting closer to europe , they rose up and overthrew them from their mansions with golden toilet seats . 
  the western politicians may have made vague promises of moral support that encouraged the protests , and possibly there may even have been intelligence agents stoking the fire on the ground . 
  but unlike russia in donetsk and crimea , the west never sent guns or soldiers to prop up the revolution of the maidan . 
  the ukrainian people are capable of making their own decisions , just like the american people chose trump instead of being `` manipulated '' into electing him by his campaign or by russia . 
  we neighbors of russia are not pavlovian automatons who simply respond to the inputs of western and russian agitators and lobbyists . 
  we make our own decisions about our direction , and we have decided the west 's interests and ideals align with our own , which seriously pisses off russia because it means their oligarchs have to actually compete in a free market when they do business here , instead of relying on bribes to government officials to create a captive market that does n't have anyone but the oligarchs to buy from . 
  as far as improving relations goes ... 
  currently , russia is guilty of fucking up the entire post-cold-war security situation in europe when it annexed crimea with a `` referendum '' held under russian guns . 
  they changed european borders by force , which sets a very dangerous precedent . 
  if the soviet colonists in crimea really wanted to be part of russia so much , then nothing was stopping them from seeking russian citizenship and getting the fuck out . 
  the indigenous population of crimea , the crimean tatars , was overwhelmingly in support of staying within ukraine and they got attacked on the streets , prevented from entering the voting stations or chased out of the peninsula altogether during and following the referendum . 
  if russia wants good relations with the west , it 's going to need to back down somewhere . 
  if russia wants to keep crimea while still restoring good relations , then it needs to offer concessions elsewhere . 
  the wording allows either-or , but i did originally mean the help . 
  nah , did think for myself and did my research before i got on the trump train ... sometime in april iirc , after learning about how horribly , horribly corrupt hillary is . 
  although the part where i frequently got called racist/sexist/homophobic for even hinting that i had doubts about the media 's depiction of trump was one of the things that definitely played into my decision . 
  not that it matters right now ; i 'm not american . 
  unless something truly extraordinary happens , our next major election is n't until 2019 . 
  however , he is going to completely gut and overhaul obamacare , and replace it with something that 's actually sustainable , such as high-risk healthcare pools . 
  the whole idea that trump was ever going to just remove subsidized healthcare entirely and go back to purely private health insurance was never something he promised , nor something `` hardcore supporters '' believed . 
  the idea that trump would outright repeal obamacare and leave americans without any affordable healthcare is just a straw man created by the corporate media to get clicks and ratings from terrified clinton supporters who would n't question their story . 
  if they 're this level of violent , report them to relevant law enforcement and move on . 
  draw your calm from the fact that you know they 're wrong . 
  like any child throwing a tantrum , they 'll eventually stop crying when it sinks in that they 're just being ignored and not going to get what they want . 
  crying and screaming is , after all , more exhausting that just being calm and moving on . 
  one of the biggest gripes i have with putin 's statements is the seeming implication he makes that russia 's tiny neighbors do not have their own legitimate geo-political interests , or that our interests are so insignificant as to not be worthy of consideration by the great powers . 
  european trump supporter here and this is straight up wrong . 
  president yanukovych was a corrupt russian puppet who was enjoying himself by building mansions with gold plated toilets seats using the money russia was slipping him under the table . 
  he was , for all intents and purposes , ukraine 's hillary : taking money from big foreign donors to prop up his own rule . 
  at one point he made public promises of negotiating with the european union and getting closer to western prosperity . 
  then it turned out the whole promise was just a negotiation tactic to get a better deal out of ongoing negotiations with russia . 
  the ukrainian people realized their establishment had been lying to them the whole damn time and there was never any intention of pivoting west . 
  this prompted them to fire their establishment , just like americans fired theirs by electing trump , except their existing system was too undemocratic from them to believe they could peacefully vote their president out of office . 
  there were vague promises of moral support by western politicians , yes . 
  possibly even western agitators on the ground competing against the russian agents present . 
  but in the end the ukrainian people are capable of collectively making their own decisions and choosing their own direction . 
  its ' incredibly insulting to think they just get shuffled around and manipulated around by usa/soros/russia / whoever like chess pieces with no will of their own . 
  if it had been a purely paid protest agitated by soros and co. , it would n't have gained the momentum to overthrow yanukovych . 
  russia has always been nothing but a damn bully toward its ' neighbors , insisting that it has `` legitimate geo-political interests '' in the region . 
  well guess what : the baltics , ukraine , poland , we all have our geo-political interests as well , even if they 're not as grandiose and revanchist as russia 's ; and being under the russian jackboot or dependent on russian gas and oil is n't in our interests . 
  we 're perfectly capable of making our own decisions and the `` legitimacy '' of russian geo-political interests stops at our borders as soon we say we want nothing to do with them . 
  probably trying to push mommy and daddy out , now that they 've outlived their usefulness . 
  first , the idea of neo-nazis and facists is most likely russian propaganda . 
  the new ukrainian government is n't saintly by any means , but it 's standard practice for russia to accuse their victims of fascism . 
  they 've made completely baseless accusations of fascism against estonian and latvian governments in the past , and i have seen no proof of ukraine 's supposed fascism anywhere outside of russian propaganda . 
  so i 'm going to assume the accusations are just propaganda until there 's independent evidence . 
  as for `` corrupt oligarchs '' in russia fleeing into the west : where else are they supposed to go ? 
  putin is n't taking down the oligarchs because of some noble ideal of fighting corruption . 
  russia is governed by the oligarchs , who pay tribute to putin and the fsb in exchange for political protection . 
  meanwhile , putin sits above the oligarchs , holding the power to confiscate their property and imprison them for `` corruption '' , without having direct business interests of his own . 
  this way , putin 's loyal oligarchs compete with each other for putin 's influence , instead of trying to depose putin as if he were a fellow oligarch . 
  the oligarchs who start losing so much money and power that they 're no longer able to afford competing with other oligarchs for putin 's influence . 
  at that point , their best option is to take what money they have left and bail out before the fsb seizes their property on behalf of some other oligarch . 
  thus they weak oligarch is deemed disloyal and taken down for `` corruption '' . 
  since you 're already being pedantic , i may as well go further : flamethrowers are not outright illegal as a weapon of war . 
  it is permissible to use them against enemy combatants . 
  which the mutons quite clearly are . 
  the us and most other countries that have used flamethrowers in the past have stopped using them because their effectiveness in modern combat is questionable and because footage of burning enemy soldiers is a pr disaster that nobody wants to deal with ; not because they 're illegal . 
  he threatened to kill anyone he knew that lived in a red state unless they moved out within two months . 
  he also threatened to kill any trump voters in blue states if he found out they were trump voters . 
  even if he does n't actually do anything to make an attempted murder charge stick , he 's still completely guilty of breaking hate speech laws and making death threats . 
  connecting that to why the aca drove up the price : the pre-existing conditions clause and other restrictions on insurance plans that qualified for aca meant that they were all expensive , high-coverage plans . 
  to the point that healthy , but low-income people ( i.e , students , low-income workers and even middle-income young adults early in their career ) could n't afford to buy aca-compliant insurance even with aca subsidies .
