  also , war score from strategic bombing was also capped in a patch , so a player nation ca n't just use strat bombing to push their warscore well past anything their allies can get through land war contributions . 
  interesting to know . 
  i generally just slow down and let the other guy go first . 
  then again , i primarly drive german heavies , so i do n't have any speed or momentum to begin with . 
  no , just instruments and labels that needed to be seen in the dark ( i.e , almost all of them ) . 
  and then they ask you : `` what about this one that was n't plugged in ? '', 
   and you do n't care about the code that actually produces this list . 
  however , documentation for functions in other modules is very important to you . 
  firstly for knowing how the input needs to be formatted , and secondly for knowing how the output is formatted so your own code parses it correctly . 
  yep . 
  they 're built at the wiring station . 
  and no , sadly they ca n't . 
  at least they do n't shoot colony tenants anymore , like they used to before 1.0 . 
  there 's a relatively high chance to trigger a bond each time a medic treats the wound of an animal . 
  thrumbos can just survive with so many wounds to treat that bonding is virtually guaranteed while its ' being treated . 
  which probably ends with the thrumbo bleeding out anyway ten seconds after bonding . 
  there 's no automatic taming from rescue if the bonding does n't trigger . 
  oh what i would n't give to have seen dumbass pothead 's face when it sunk in that your devious revenge was complete and you 'd gotten away with it , too . 
  well , yeah . 
  not a high chance in absolute terms , but in relative terms . 
  as in , 2-3 % , if your medic is even somewhat competent at animal taming . 
  let 's be honest , large , professional projects can still completely fuck up organization and structure . 
  think `` let 's just use agile ! '', 
  from a manager who 's never been up to the task and figures agile is about letting the developers organize themselves , instead of micromanaging them . 
  the difference is , it was their son 's sacrifice . 
  we do n't even know if they supported their son 's decision to join the military at the time . 
  hell , i would n't be surprised if their son joined in part to get away from his islamist parents . 
  their support of hillary and her plans to bring in the very people that killed their son is an absolute disgrace . 
  they do n't get to claim their son 's sacrifice as their own after that kind of political opportunism . 
  and high on something stronger that weed , at that . 
  no , it 's seeing a man that [ preaches the superiority of sharia ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/02/daily-caller-khan-wrote-extensively-favor-sharia/ ) over the `` man made '' laws attacking a patriot that pisses off us . 
  if we 're `` asshats '' for pointing out that khan is pissing on everything his son died defending , then i 'm more than willing to be an `` asshat '' . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  you 're in a t-10 . 
  your front armor is impervious unless the enemy uses gold . 
  which is bullshit for a tier 9 . 
  you just have to use a bit more gold in this match , instead of being able to club on e75s and tiger 2s like usual . 
  if you do n't have a cook with more than skill 4 , then it 's a decent way of avoiding food poisoning while your colony is already on the brink . 
  my bad . 
  it was pretty early in the morning when i replied and i was somehow convinced i was looking at st-i gameplay . 
  or rather , that the t-10 was the st-i . 
  in general , the ussr evacuated anything of value in closed cities back to russia during , and even after the union collapsed . 
  in some cases , russian troops did not depart former soviet bases until as late as 1994 , three years after the union itself had ceased to function . 
  as the russians did n't leave behind anything that held strategic value , the closed cities in countries outside of russia were simply opened to the public and their operation as research or production sites stopped when the soviets left . 
  there are exceptions , of course . 
  there is a closed city still in operation in moldova ( specifically , in the disputed region of transnistria ) , but it 's unlikely there 's anything going on there other than a station of russian troops and equipment for maintaining the frozen conflict there . 
  there are also two closed cities in kazakhstan , which russia continues to rent from the government of kazakhstan . 
  to elaborate what / u/gamajun said : if the tenant lacks his name on any rent or ownership documents , he 's effectively nothing more than a guest in the house , regardless of their family relations ( unless they are legally still a minor , in which case child protection laws make things more complicated ) . 
  if the `` guest '' has been told to leave but has refused to do so , then the owner ( or the legal tenant whose name is on the rental document ) is within their rights to just throw them out and lock the door behind them . 
  or to call the police and force out the unwanted guest . 
  if he 's no longer a minor , then there 's no issue . 
  he 's a legal adult , and ultimately responsible for his own life . 
  ca n't expect parents/relatives to prop him up forever . 
  and snopes has been known to be provably full of shit when it comes to things that go against the democrats ' approved narrative . 
  they 're no longer reliable as a debunking source . 
  a truce mapmode is n't so much about seeing who you have a truce with . 
  it 's about clearly seeing , on the map , which countries you can attack without truce-breaking . 
  because they wanted to make the main ui more intuitive and easier to access by new players . 
  as opposed to having a bajillion different mapmodes with unclear functions that confuse new players , like in eu4 . 
  this is not the ai trying to hold the strait at all costs . 
  this is the ai trying to counterattack through the strait and overcome the huge penalties by throwing more soldiers at it . 
  * sees estonia big *, 
  yeah , that happens . 
  if they do n't get squished by rus early on , estonia usually manages to exploit the weakness of the rus immediately after gavelkind happens and blobs out a bit . 
  from there , it 's not ununusal for estonia to get two of the holy sites to reform the faith . 
  and if an ai pagan country already controls two holy sites , they will actively prioritize to getting the third and reforming the faith . 
  no , not seeing who you have a truce with . 
  having a better overview of who you * do n't * have a truce with . 
  eggs laid by wild animals result in wild newborns . 
  eggs bought from traders default to wild , because the eggs were just spawned as fertilized without having an actual parent associated with them . 
  if he was genuinely muslim , he would n't be doing things like [ bowing to arabs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poogwwyhjom&amp;user=reteaparty ) as a sign of respect in meetings . 
  muslim creed dictates that bowing is an extreme sign of respect and submission , to such an extent that muslims are only supposed to bow toward allah . 
  global post-scarcity is still a complete pipe-dream . 
  it 's doubtful we 'll achieve a sustainable form of p-s just for first world countries before 2050 , and if we do it would have to be at the expense of abandoning the third world to fend for itself . 
  achieving p-s for the entire planet is even more difficult , due to cultural conflicts in the third world . 
  pretty much the entire islamic world would object having to share a post-scarcity existence with israel . 
  it 's not a matter of resources there . 
  it 's a matter of historical animosity and a desire for revanchism on both sides . 
  also , `` friendly '' human factions will not send raids against you . 
  so if you increase relations by releasing prisoners with all the pirates and tribals , then the mechanoids will be left as the only possible faction for a raid event . 
  individualist has one major advantage , though : a rare early tech called private colony effort or something . 
  which is basically building colony ships for energy , instead of minerals . 
  it 's a huge early-game boost that lets you snowball far sooner than anyone else . 
  it means you do n't have to stop building mining stations in order to build colony ships . 
  i think they changed/fixed that . 
  i 'll test it and get back to you . 
  after a bit of testing , releasing captured raiders does increase relations with pirates , while killing raiders decreases relations , enough to offset the gain from releasing the survivors . 
  you 'll have to make an effort to down raiders without killing any if you want to get them to stop raiding you . 
  it 's always a bit jarring for me to see american christians complain about being persecuted by their atheists . 
  they have no concept of the real religious persecution that was going on behind the iron curtain . 
  the air game could take inspiration from xenonauts . 
  except instead of piloting several nimble interceptors , you 're the one that needs to defend a sluggish flying warship against more maneuverable interceptors . 
  considering op does n't know enough about lw to recognize what the march transport landing is , i 'm guessing ... not well . 
  equip the whole squad with shotguns , op . 
  you can get some phat loot out of that thing if you actually manage to win . 
  if you 're on ironman and ca n't savescum ... 
  probably just better to ignore it then . 
  scenario 4 : the jsdf does n't get involved directly and simply supports pina 's side of what 's going to be an imperial civil war with useful , but non-lethal military equipment like binoculars , field rations and modern backpacks . 
  i can definitely see this as an appealing , non-controversial option for japanese politicians , especially in the light of what is undoubtedly going to be a big scandal with the ambassador and his engagement to sherry . 
  at champion levels , the jester 's buffs begin to fall a bit flat , while enemies ' bleed resistance ramps up as well , making his dot attacks less effective .
