  i remember how it was a completely impervious chunk of rock in hoi 3 . 
  get res , it has a preview-as-you-type feature , among other really cool things . 
  the gate was just a magical portal until the empire constructed the physical gate around it , which made it big and stable enough to send the invasion army through . 
  before that , the gate was hidden with magic and the empire only sent scouts through , who captured noriko a few nights before the invasion . 
  they definitely knew . 
  [ klaus fuchs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaus_fuchs ) was a soviet spy inside the manhattan project itself . 
  technically , a company could own itself , if the country it operates in has not created laws against it . 
  however , even if this is not specifically outlawed , there are a number of reason why it does not happen . 
  first , most countries require an initial investment capital for a company to be created . 
  since the company does not exist yet at that point , it ca n't invest in itself yet . 
  so it has to be someone else investing their money , becoming the owner of the company . 
  trying to break the company `` free '' from its ' owners control is basically trying to cheat the owner out of the profits the company made using the owner 's money . 
  even if a country does n't have laws against a company owning itself , it would definitely have laws against defrauding investors . 
  second , there is almost no benefit to a company owning itself . 
  a company 's purpose is to generate profit for its ' owner , and then that profit is paid to the owner as dividends or reinvested back into the company . 
  if the company is owned by itself , then there 's no-one to pay dividends to . 
  a company , after all , is n't a person . 
  the ceo is not the company . 
  the employees are not the company . 
  it is not in the company 's interests to use its ' profits to benefit the ceo or the employees . 
  the only thing a company can do with its ' profits is continuously reinvest its profits and expand . 
  this is , of course , in an ideal world where the ceo and the employees actually act in the company 's interests and not their own . 
  if a company does end up owning itself , it 's probably a prelude to the upper management paying themselves huge bonuses until the company goes bankrupt . 
  sometimes companies do buy their own stock . 
  however , it 's just to inflate the price of their stock , not an attempt to have the company own itself . 
  someone better-versed in how stock capital works can explain why a company would want to inflate its ' stock price . 
  i 'm more familiar with limited liability ownership . 
  he did n't say atz was n't dangerous . 
  he said there are herbicides that are even more dangerous than atz , which are restricted . 
  he also said that because determining causality is difficult in long term studies , we do n't conclusively know if its ' atz or some other herbicide in the environment causing the ecosystem problems we see . 
  if the country actually surrenders , you do get full manpower and resources . 
  however , faction members do n't fully surrender until their faction leader surrenders . 
  however , even with a full surrender , you get resistance activity in non-core territory . 
  the benefits to making a puppet is that a puppet wo n't get resistance problems , and a `` puppet '' peace deal does n't raise world tension as much as conquest . 
  a puppet also builds armies and has their own manpower , but you only get their surplus resources from them . 
  i do recall daniel saying on www that annexing land is intended to be better than puppeting . 
  puppeting is supposed to be a compromise if you do n't have the resources to deal with resistance problems , or if you do n't want to directly piss off a major by having territory they 're going to get claims on with a national focus . 
  and i 'd say a lot of things people post online anonymously are bullshit . 
  this lgtb alarmism is as bullshit as the `` the democrats ' gub ` mint 's gon na take yer guns and then turn ` murica into a communist police state '' i see on 2nd amendment forums . 
  it does n't . 
  the chances of that happening are as absurd as what i just described the 2nd amendment folks talking about about . 
  lgtb protections are already in place and trump has better things to spend his political capital on than rolling back sexual minority rights . 
  the most that 's going to happen , is that adding additional privileges to lgbt is going to stop until democrats get back into power . 
  thought i was on / r/reichtangle for a moment . 
  then i realized it ca n't be , because its ' too well-drawn . 
  the underhive gangs are not all stupid , but they probably are all very vindictive or paranoid . 
  they would want to kill the psyker in retaliation , or pre-emptively before he comes after them . 
  since stabbing/shooting him in the face has n't worked , they 'll start looking for less direct ways to assassinate him . 
  even psykers have to sleep and eat . 
  bar the doors and set fire to the building they 're in . 
  poison their food . 
  or keep making probing attacks to keep the group awake , until they start taking levels of fatigue . 
  the gangs could even go to corrupt local law enforcers ( meaning : not the arbites ) and have the psyker arrested for something ... like impersonating an agent of the imperial inquisition . 
  if the psyker decides to start throwing psychic fire at representatives of the local government , they 've escalated the situation themselves . 
  ultimately , do n't forget : this is the grim darkness of the 41st millenium . 
  acolytes die , new sheets are rolled up to replace the fallen . 
   i need a way of isolating the danger for just the psyker so that the rest of the group do n't get unfairly ko 'd by the fallout, 
  that 's the thing , though . 
  this is 40k . 
  you do n't ** need ** to be fair . 
  if the player has actually seen through you and thinks they can get away with being utterly overpowered because you 're afraid to `` unfairly '' tpk the whole team , then you just have to bite the bullet and teach everyone a valuable lesson about being team players . 
  the psyker 's player needs to realize his actions and overpowered builds have story and combat balance consequences for the whole team . 
  the other players need to realize it 's up to them to keep their fellow group members in check . 
  i think that stuff is all abstracted into the loot bar mechanic . 
  well , yes . 
  in a legal sense , they are . 
  and as a conceptual entity , they do have their own interests , same as people do . 
  but in a practical sense , they are not . 
  a corporation ca n't act on its ' own behalf ; real people need to be empowered to act on the corporation 's behalf . 
   you can make fair criticisms of the government . 
  not in germany you ca n't . 
  seems like i 've misunderstood your situation as well , then . 
  you mentioned elsewhere that this is taking place in a mechanicus facility . 
  perhaps if the team relies too much on his psychic powers , this results in some intact cogitators and sensor systems of the facility dispatching some heavy-duty servitors to capture the unrestrained psyker and drag him to a containment cell somewhere in the bowels of the facility . 
  and yet people also get jailed for mocking erdogan . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , `` european '' is a false identity . 
  at best , a naive notion of pan-european unity that did n't work in the real worl . 
  at worst , an attempt to erase cultural diversity in europe to create a homogenous , easily-ruled population as a groundwork for a federal european state . 
  sure , but i did n't mention bombs because he specifically asked for something that the rest of the team had a fair chance at surviving . 
  perhaps there are events unique to china , which have mao 's prc `` annex '' the rest of china peacefully , without causing a game over for the player ? 
  while i 'm confident i can run it on some level of detail , is this potato sufficent to run it on maximum detail :, 
  i7-4790 @ 3.60 ghz, 
  geforce gtx 650ti, 
  individual factions are as toothless as they were back then , except now you get five or more of them rising up at the same time , no matter how much your vassals like you . 
  basically , the game is trying its ' damndest to prevent direct world conquest . 
  the only strategy that is n't punished is putting dynasty members in charge of other independent kingdoms/empires . 
  to complete world conquest , you then have to try and assassinate your way through the family tree to ensure one heir inherits everything within 5-10 years . 
  if the process drags on any longer than that , the whole world conquest realm collapses into faction revolts trying to either a ) give all power to the council , or b ) appoint random dukes as emperor . 
  depends on faction status . 
  if japan is an axis member , then they wo n't surrender until germany surrenders . 
  if the japanese home islands are lost , they just switch capital to their conquered territories in china . 
  if all japanese territory is lost and manchuria is somehow still around , then manchuria continues as a puppet of the japanese government-in-exile . 
  yeah , i basically had a limited budget and at the time did n't know as much about building rigs as i do now . 
  so i got sucked in by i7 hype and compromised on the gpu to fit the i7 into the budget . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  basically , think of it like this : ic has been split into civilian ic and military ic . 
  civilian ic/factories are used to build and repair province structures . 
  trading has been merged with the old lend-lease mechanic : you lend out a part of your civilian factories and get raw resources in exchange . 
  supply production has been radically changed . 
  instead of generic `` supplies '' , you produce actual pieces of equipment with military ic/factories .
