  and the gun only has the typical disadvantages of a sniper rifle ( small clip , slow rof ) , nothing more . 
  so i 'd say it 's pretty powerful , though it lacks the sustained dpm of the soma . 
  there 's an npc ( the only mobile penguin ) in the outpost that gives out the dreadwing mission if you 've got titanium armor . 
  after defeating the penguin ufo , you get processor for robotic crafting table . 
  from there , there 's a floran who gives out a really hard mission if you have durasteel armor . 
  oh , and do n't forget to do the sidequests . 
  particularly important is the sidequest that gives radiation protection tech . 
  the blank tech cards you get as reward from other quests are useful too . 
  edit : oh , and breathing equipment is now a tech , not equipment . 
  got really frustrated looking for the backpack that allows breathing on moons before i figured it out . 
  on his twitter . 
  on foot , 20 minutes at most , if you do n't get too lost . 
  i do n't think there 's a bus going from the station to the border point . 
  people will most likely understand if you ask in russian . 
  they might understand english , but it 's not nearly as guaranteed as it is with russian . 
  though narva is not that big . 
  the border point is directly north of the bus station , near the castle . 
  if all else fails , find the river and go toward the only bridge . 
  but it 's understandable you do n't have the dotted letters on your keyboard . 
  well , tiy * was * talking about pushing the big changes in nightly into unstable next week , in preparation for pushing them into stable in january . 
  perfectly acceptable , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if i obtain the horse of a bandit with a bounty on their head , i see no reason why the jarl would n't let me claim the horse for myself as a battle trophy . 
  mostly , they have . 
  the first boss fight is the titanium -  durasteel upgrade . 
  the earlier upgrades do n't involve boss fights , but there is a dungeon-delving mission to unlock ftl ( travelling to other systems ) which does n't have a boss fight . 
  pets and fossils are already in the nightly version . 
  there 's a capture station you can craft in the research station ( which becomes available after the second ship size upgrade ) . 
  there is also a vendor in the quest outpost that sells a fossil extractor tool , and you can craft a fossil analyzer , also in the research station . 
  admittedly , i have not figured out how the fossil system works yet ( or if it 's currently a placeholder that does n't work yet ) . 
  while russia trying to bully and provoke ukraine into obeying her will is justified ? 
  you 're misreading the situation . 
  the current situation seems to be that the `` spotted high-level alien '' bonus seems to be given out to all soldiers on the mission , even if the soldier did n't spot any aliens at all . 
  this is a bug in the player 's favor . 
  come to think of it , i wonder if it 's possible that this bug is just something that occurs on some computer setups and not on others ? 
  because that could explain why our scientist / u/kvatchster is getting results that seem to be disproving the `` myth '' of spotting xp , while others are confirming it . 
  your house is big enough to have an entrance on both the first and the third floor , maybe ? 
  never played any version of sb in multiplayer . 
  though since they 're planning to push all the new stuff into a new version of stable in the next few months , it might be worth just waiting until the next stable comes out . 
  for one thing , there 's no point in building anything on planets in nightly . 
  only the character inventory , ships and quest progress is persistent in nightly . 
  everything else gets wiped when a new nightly comes out ( which happens every night ) . 
  i would volunteer for mec surgery without a doubt . 
  even if i do n't get to keep the suit after i leave the military , it 's only a matter of time before civilian - or industrial-purpose designs hit the market . 
  for the curious , here 's a link to a [ report on media club impressum ] ( https://www.kapo.ee/cms-data/_text/138/124/files/kapo-annual-review-2013-eng.pdf#page=9 ) , where chiesta was planning to speak at . 
  the report is the 2013 annual review of the estonian internal security service . 
  has anyone else noticed that wire is n't craftable at any station ? 
  try running starbound_opengl . exe . 
  i know the performance improved for me when i did that . 
  no guarantees , though . 
  for most people , the opengl version runs worse , but it 's worth trying if your performance is poor anyway . 
  this is largely bs . 
  puusepp is talking himself up to be more important than he was , or his value is being inflated by fsb for propaganda purposes . 
  it was known from the start that he was an ex-kgb agent and he was never given access to anything vital in the estonian internal security service . 
  the only reason he was taken in by the eiss in the ' 90-s was because the eiss needed people with intelligence training ( both methods and equipment ) on board sharing the experience . 
  the only concern that his ` revelations ' have raised in eiss , is why an ex-kgb agent was kept on staff for so long . 
  oh they know how to set them up , they 're just abusing the fact that de lets themset them up however they want . 
  having played nightlies , i noticed those chests often contained outright bugged items ( the item had name and description , but no graphics . 
  you picked it up , and nothing appeared in your inventory ) . 
  i 'm guessing they took those items out from the big item list , so when the now-nonexistent items get called to spawn , they produce the green `` perfectly generic item '' box instead of a glitched item . 
  besides the diplomacy screen , you should also check the ministers of the target country through the intelligence screen . 
  a government ca n't appoint ministers if opposing ideologies . 
  i presume you know which colors are grouped together ? 
  ah , the crystal quest is not fuel . 
  wearing steel armor , you get a mission from a guy in the outpost . 
  missions are basically special dungeons outside the normal planet travel system . 
  you teleport to them directly through the ship ai screen . 
  intended is my guess . 
  it does n't do what when you 're trying to place blocks . 
  just another reason to use mm over pickaxes . 
  i recommend using the mm to scan around for ores as you 're crossing the larger non-cave areas . 
  though honestly , i find it strange you 're having trouble with finding ores . 
  i 've found plenty of ores fairly close to caverns . 
  perhaps you got unlucky with the cobblestone type ? 
  some types of cobblestone make ores really hard to distinguish , especially in poor illumination . 
  have you strip-mined the planet yet ? 
  i think you need to strip-mine the planet . 
  if your ftl drive is fixed and you can add fuel ( it does n't produce the error sound when you press e on the fuel panel ) , then yes , you 're looking for liquid erchius . 
  that , you find on moons * , but you do need to go quite deep to get it . 
  it 's the glowing purple liquid you need to gather up with your matter manipulator . 
  alternatively , you can also buy it from the fuel station vendor in the outpost ( something like 500px for 20 fuel ) . 
  however , if the fuel panel still gives you the error sound when you activate it , you still need the erchius crystals . 
  you do n't mine the 20 crystals yourself . 
  you get them as a quest reward when you get to the very bottom of the `` erchius mining facility '' dungeon/mission . 
  there 's a machine you need to activate to complete the quest . 
  * edit : that is , planets with the moon biome . 
  it says the place is great for finding fuel in the planet description . 
  just jump down the nearest deep crater and start digging further down . 
  i 've noticed ores now have extremely low spawn rates in fine sand ( and other `` collapsing '' blocks ) . 
  i 've also noticed that collapsing blocks do n't collapse if they have a stalag ... a ceiling spike attached to them . 
  finally , when an avalanche happens , a lot more of the collapsing blocks turn into block items that get picked up when they call close to you . 
  you can still be buried , but nowhere near as deep as you used to . 
  i hope you did n't miss my ninja edit . 
  in this context , a `` moon '' is not just a smaller planet that 's orbiting a large planet . 
  it 's a specific biome for planets , and it 's possible to have a single planet with the moon biome but no `` moons '' . 
  probably because it was scripted . 
  apparently , at some threshold of fomorian integrity , players were no longer able to deal more damage to it , even when they tried . 
  you give the erchius crystals to sail ( commands -  fix ftl drive ) . 
  then you need to put liquid erchius into the fuel tank . 
  you get liquid erchius from planets with the moon biome . 
  you can also buy it from the fuel-station vendor in the outpost , if you 're really desperate , but it 's expensive as hell .
