  first off , they are not pooling their own resources to afford lawyers . 
  they 're getting their lawyers paid for by taxpayer money . 
  second , lawyers are not the main point of the paragraph . 
  the main point is that even when police officers receive a sentence or make a settlement that requires them to pay a sum of money , the money is n't comping out of the cops own pocket , even if state laws require the offending individuals to be held personally liable . 
  while i agree that d-day and opening the western front were not as significant as the americans make them out to be , i still think the war on the eastern front could have turned out very differently if the us had not been giving massive amounts of material aid to the ussr through lend-lease . 
  early in the war , the red army had massive shortages of more or less everything . 
  it was n't just shermans and matildas they needed . 
  they lacked basic necessities like uniforms and non-perishable food . 
  without us aid , the red army would 've been hit so had by the russian winter , that the nazis could 've rolled all the way to the urals meeting very minimal and undersupplied resistance . 
  so the creation of the ussr was n't the great geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century . 
  it was just the great tragedy of the 20th century . 
  fighting the eldar , the team finds intelligence about eldar activity on other planets in the sector . 
  for instance , the eldar manipulating the rebels have communications records like `` our plans on [ planet x ] are going better than expected . 
  i will send the three squads of reinforcements you requested as soon as possible . '', 
  [ planet x ] happens to be another active warzone ; pdf and a company of space marines from [ chapter y ] and a tyranid incursion of some severity . 
  what the eldar are doing on planet x is unclear at the start . 
  have they lured the tyranids there to fight a necron threat the imperial forces are n't even aware of ? 
  or maybe they 're sabotaging the imperial defense to ensure the tyranids are n't stopped and instead advance further to [ planet z ] against the necrons on that planet ? 
  or maybe they 're secretly supporting the imperials to prevent the tyranids from reaching an eldar maiden world along their path and the necron have nothing to do with that particular plan ? 
  also , provides an opportunity for interaction between deathwatch and regular space marines . 
  does the link crash the browser for anyone else ? 
  because it definitely crashes waterfox every time it tries to load the page . 
  the first two pages are very reminiscent of one of the early claymore scenes ... and come to think of it , that 's not the only resemblence . 
  not ragging on it , of course . 
  claymore is an excellent choice for inspiration and op 's comic is amazing work as well . 
  you ca n't transfer items from one base to another . 
  also , you must start using x-com vehicles to move troops to missions , rather than relying on taxis . 
  which means you have to put passenger slots in vehicles , which heavily limits the amount of artifact transport slots you can put on them . 
  or the acid cloud hits and activates a sectopod pod that was otherwise well out of view range . 
  nope . 
  on the escorting muton . 
  because x-com . 
  requiem mod kind of fixes some of the smithing grind by requiring that you have an appropriate smithing book in inventory to take the smithing perks . 
  still need to grind for skill level a bit , but it becomes very easy once you hit level 50 and can start making nordic armor and weapons . 
  you got conscription correct : it 's where every eligible conscript ( typically men of a certain age ) must serve in the militrary for a certain period . 
  a draft , on the other hand , is when an authorized government body ( in the us , this would be congress ) declares `` we need to recruit this many people into the army . 
  there are n't enough volunteers , so we 're going to draft this many from the general population . '', 
  as such , the draft is clearly the option more open to abuse , since some bureaucrat somewhere will have to decide who gets drafted and who does n't . 
  i 'm estonian myself , and we do n't have a random draft , but we do have conscription . 
  every male citizen between ages 18-26 is called in for a medical exam at some point . 
  anyone who is n't declared unfit for service undergoes military training for 9 to 11 months . 
  i suspect the packaging ( incl . 
  labor ) was the more expensive part of the deal . 
  yes , bullrush can be targeted at anything within movement range , even if there are no aliens with line of sight to the target . 
  a berserker can smell the target and rush at them , as long as they can reach it . 
  i agree that this has nothing to do with ve day parades . 
  but not with saying the threat of russian aggression is ridiculous . 
  russia is sending little green men to be `` separatists '' in ukraine , is n't it ? 
  not to mention the invasion of georgia that the west ignored . 
  in fact , if you know or meet any people in estonia who work in it , chances are they have spares cables they have nothing to do with . 
  ask around among your acquaintances in estonia , something will probably turn up , possibly even for free . 
  alex mercer from prototype would be an interesting match . 
  at most , he 's the strength of a particularly tough yoma . 
  but he can take human form even better than a yoma can , and claymores are unable to distinguish him from a regular human . 
  given claymores ' extreme aversion to killing humans , that could make for an interesting duel . 
  claymores are tough , though . 
  if alex was facing deneve , for instance , then devene could survive the first sneak attack , and then things get interesting . 
  is alex going to try to stay and fight , or try to get out of sight and disperse back into a crowd for a second attempt . 
  photographs of soviet executions , most likely . 
  except , you know , if you suddenly need to replace it in the middle of combat . 
  time for an expert among us to crack open the ancient greek versions of the nt , perhaps ? 
  what about your bosses ? 
  or your bosses ' bosses ? 
  the idea is , that the discrepancy might be a sign of massive problems . 
  not just `` the vote counters miscounted a handful of votes '' problems , but `` the counters made up a ` believable ' result without counting anything '' problems . 
  thanks for the opportunity , op , 
  nah , estonian law only forbids flying drones over airports . 
  and unlike a certain neighbor to the east , estonia does n't ignore its ' own laws just because they 're inconvenient . 
  if the drone was tracked to an actual person , they could potentially be charged with espionage . 
  but just letting the military destroy unidentified private property because of unproven suspicions ? 
  we 're not that paranoid ( yet ) . 
  damn , you beat me by a single point . 
  completely forgot about the three former no. 1s dae resurrected . 
  which is strange , since i remembered a couple really obscure ones , like lars and chronos . 
  still , 46/90 is n't bad , i suppose . 
  ... did n't pdx say they fixed that ? 
  or was that just the `` king-bishops mess up cardinal college '' part ? 
  you can also use ctrl + a to select all torrents , and then right-click . 
  shift-click and ctrl-click also work to select multiple torrents at a time . 
  mostly , the realization that i was not a very good dm . 
  dming was just something i perceived as an easier alternative to writing fiction . 
  i was always trying to nudge players in the direction i wanted the story to go , while also consciously trying to avoid railroading . 
  i consistently failed on both accounts . 
  being exclusively a play-by-post dm on sites like myth-weavers , this meant most of my campaigns fell apart before making it to the third encounter . 
  the woman is essentially claiming her `` art project '' is unrelated to the incident with the guy . 
  the fact that people are jumping to conclusions and creating a hostile environment for the guy is just a coincidence . 
  edit : no , i do n't believe for a second it actually is a coincidence . 
  and it 's been pointed out to me by / u/themadninjar that the woman reportedly intends to carry on with her `` art project '' until `` her rapist is removed from the school '' . 
  so basically , i 'm full of shit and did n't do enough research before responding . 
  oh absolutely , but that 's something that needs to be proven first . 
  reading my previous post now that my initial outrage has passed , i realize that my post might come off as supportive of the woman . 
  it was n't . 
  her behavior has been utterly selfish : her crying wolf is making things more difficult for real rape victims . 
  and then her farce of an `` art project '' is straight up adding insult to injury to both the guy * and * rape victims . 
  i am seeing a connection . 
  i was just outraged by her actions enough at the time of writing that i did n't realize my words could be interpreted as agreeing with the woman . 
  ( english not being my first language probably has something to do with it , as well ), 
  editing my original post . 
  it 's still a terrible idea , just not as terrible . 
  it 's basically pre-emptively killing the idea of a healthy modding community ever forming around the title .
