  i once had an entire campaign centered around this . 
  it was a warhammer 40k campaign for deathwatch space marines , but it 's reasonably easy to adapt it to other settings . 
  a group of paladins and other lawful good type bodyguards get unexpectedly betrayed . 
  as they 're fighting their way through the enemy castle , they come across a reliquary , holding powerful magical weapons . 
  unknown to the characters , the artifacts are all evil , and have tremendous powers they can activate in exchange for slowly being corrupted by evil . 
  the weapons also become more powerful the more corrupt and evil their wielders become . 
  probably would require a homebrew corruption mechanic for dnd , in addition to the regular alignment system . 
  deck of cards : can earn money gambling with friends . 
  tv : why own a tv , if you have a pc capable of doing the same job , plus a bunch of other stuff ? 
  more accurately , russian support has a less lazy bot responding to their tickets . 
  so basically , they 're paying a person to close issues without actually resolving them , instead of having a script do it automatically ? 
  was ramming damage in the game back then ? 
  wait , the dot damage from gas is actually typed toxic , not gas ? 
  thats ... well . 
  i should n't be surprised . 
  poorly thought-out and subsequently abandoned features are de 's specialty , after all . 
  to be honest , i do n't see the ease of the grinding system as a problem . 
  i 've been playing wot on and off since before 8.0 , and i 'm still grinding for the e-75 , which is the closest i am to tier 10 on any of the lines . 
  i 'm not a great wot player , i 'll admit , but i 'm not completely terrible either . 
  and i still feel like i 'm not really progressing at all anymore , since i have other games i 'm interested in . 
  especially since making an actual profit in a tier 8 wot game is apparently only possible to the top three to five players on any time . 
  in armored warfare , i have not once had the issue of having to grind credits in a lower tier tank , to be able to afford grinding xp in a higher tier tank . 
   pretty standard clinton fare, 
  pretty standard politician fare , you mean . 
  low sneak skill and lack of perks is definitely an issue for melee sneak attacks without invisibility . 
  in my experience , melee assassination does n't really become viable until you reach 50 in sneak , and unlock all the sneak perks up to that point . 
  and of course , straight up forget about trying to sneak attack dragon priests and boss-level vampires in melee until you reach 100 sneak and unlock the dagger bonus crit perk . 
  they 'll just survive the crit , turn around and murder you . 
  it 's ... really , really hard , even with 100 sneak and all the perks . 
  and the terrain features of many boss arenas can make it impossible . 
  but they 're not immune to sneak attacks , and they only auto-detect you if you 're waking them up from the coffins . 
  if you break contact , they do n't auto-detect you within a certain range , like dragons do . 
  do note there 's no instakill animation for when you 're backstabbing dragon priests . 
  if you 're detected mid-swing , you lose the sneak attack damage bonus . 
  hard to say . 
  for one , we do n't know if the magic shield protects against magical and physical attacks equally well . 
  also , which modern weapons do you mean , when you say the assassin would have been blown apart ? 
  room full of people with pistols ? 
  assault rifles ? 
  rpgs ? 
  i think only the rpg version would have reduced the assassin into a bloodstain . 
  and who the hell is crazy enough to fire an rpg at a single human , inside a crowded building ? 
  the same applies to the magical blast on the assassin goes , i think . 
  the mages were probably holding back on lethal attacks . 
  there 's a difference between wanting to stop and catch an assassin , and wanting to turn someone into a smear on the floor . 
  obviously the mages were not psychotic enough to go straight for the indiscriminate overkill . 
  of course the situation is not that black and white . 
  i 'm not denying there are anti-trump activists that are genuinely peaceful . 
  however , there were enough anti-trump activists to violently disrupt the rally in chicago , which suggests there is definitely a violent wing of anti-trumpers . 
  there is also a deafening lack of unconditional condemnation of that violent wing coming from the rest of the anti-trump movement . 
  instead , the dominant message i 'm seeing is along the lines of `` it 's trump 's own fault his rally was disrupted . 
  he should n't have incited violence . '', 
  this to me sounds identical to victim-blaming in the same vein as `` it 's the woman 's own fault she got raped . 
  she should n't have been so provocative . '', 
  while in theory , your professor is correct , it 's not actually working out in practice . 
  the refugees do not immigrate to become productive members of european society , like the muslim immigrants did during the cold war . 
  they come here to leech off the welfare system , becoming an additional drain on the taxpayer . 
  as far as disguising motives , it 's also wrong to assume the irrational immigration policy is economical . 
  instead , the ruling left-wing elite is motivated by the decline of their electorate and the resurgence of right-wing parties . 
  what they 're hoping is that the muslim immigrants will vote from them out of a sense of gratitude . 
  which is incredibly idiotic of them , since muslims that fail to integrate will form and vote for their own extreme-right religious parties . 
  i have to admit , the new physics are amazing . 
  so many piles of rubble that were previously impassable can now be crested . 
  nothing beats the obvous panic of an unicum that thought they were safe because the corner was clogged up with dead tanks , when suddenly a carrot in a full-health heavy just crests the rubble pile they were hiding their lower plate under . 
  i think you 've mixed up latvia and lithuania . 
  lithuania was the one that bordered germany , latvia was the one that could reasonably be merged with estonia . 
  the other way around , germany would have an exclave splitting its ' own baltic puppet in half . 
  the scenario you 've described is sort-of plausible , but not quite . 
  a significant part of the ussr 's ability to resist despite materiel shortage in '41 and '42 was its ' their morale . 
  one pillar of that morale was the cult of stalin as their glorious leader . 
  having stalin removed as part of a high-level coup would severely demoralize the rank-and-file . 
  as far as peace goes , i 'd say britain would compromise before the soviet union would , if hitler had been removed and there was internal turmoil within the ussr , effectively ending lend-lease aid to russia . 
  to be continued , as i am interrupted . 
  the only thing really missing from making the scenario plausible is post-hitler germany publicizing evidence of soviet war crimes in eastern poland . 
  that could easily be what convinces britain and america to negotiate a peace deal , though the specifics of this deal would make or break the plausibility . 
  my idea of a plausible 1942 peace deal between germany without hitler and the western allies : the allies allow germany to contain the communist threat and annex key parts of poland in order to enable that mission , while releasing the remainder . 
  in exchange , germany ends the occupation of france , except for alsace-lorraine and renounces the alliance with japan , allowing america to focus on the pacific . 
  try using a hardware monitor capable of logging directly into a file . 
  see if something squirrely is going on with cpu/gpu temperatures . 
  should n't be , because you 've got a gtx950 , but i remember my old pc was frequently restarting when playing skyrim because of what turned out to be gpu overheating . 
  if that 's the case , then fbi agents must really suck at video games . 
   unicums never get focused down by arty even if it costs them shots, 
  public ingame stats of players in a match is amazingly dumb , you literally get punished for being relatively good at the game . 
  with how terrible the movement bloom and aim time of arty is , focusing down an unicum rarely costs shots and removes an op tank from the enemy team . 
  because it 's highly unusual for unicums to play tanks that do n't have some op aspect they can leverage to their advantage . 
  and are you seriously suggesting pubbies must simply be grateful about the golden opportunity of being xp-pinatas and ablative armor for the salty 1 % ? 
  screw you , saltlord . 
  whatever legal tools i have available , i 'll use against you . 
  you 're not . 
  and i apologize for the hostility . 
  i was tired , and just coming out of some really bad defeats in my only tier 8 , the tiger ii . 
  but it does irk me when top players like yourself , who still make a profit in 3/5 games even when they run premium food consumables , get salty about the remaining 2/5 games . 
  meanwhile , orange and yellow casuals like myself can only hope to make a profit 2/5 games in tier 8 and above , and the difference between a profit and a loss is often just the choice to use a small repair kit on something other than the ammo rack . 
  needing to grind shitty lower tier tanks just to be able to afford grinding xp for the upper tiers is far more frustrating than being outplayed by an `` inferior '' player from time to time , or being focused down because the other team considers you a threat , because you 're in a strong tank taking a strong position . 
  is the campaign going to run online somewhere , or is it an actual tabletop kind of deal ? 
  i think i 'll take you up on that offer . 
  [ steam account ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013495477 ), 
  doubling existing unnatural characteristic seems fine . 
  if you intend for the cloning to be ` successful ' , i 'd also recommend adding unnatural characteristic ( x2 ) , since the primarchs were supposedly highly charismatic and intelligent on top of being physically powerful . 
  additional abilities beyond that might be a good idea , if you have something in mind .
