  do n't get me wrong , the fight scenes are pretty good ... it 's just the plot that ends in a disappointing way . 
  it 's just so blatantly obvious they were rushing to tie up loose ends . 
  i suspect i 'd have found the ending just as disappointing if the anime ended without clare ever getting to fight priscilla . 
  wow ... that scene was actually so terrible my brain had blocked out that particular fail . 
  i did n't remember that until i read your spoiler . 
  could have something to do with rng not being quite random enough if the shots are triggered `` at the same time '' . 
  would definitely be cool to see some numbers on this . 
  for pure skill leveling , i recommend troll fat + horker fat . 
  because those two have identical effects , but can be combined , resulting a potion that has 4 separate effects . 
  the potion is functionally useless , but sells well and grants lots of alchemy experience , thanks to the artificially high magnitude . 
  immersion breaking as hell , though . 
  and a perfect example of why having two separate ingredients with identical effects is a bad idea . 
  why would you research something like that ? 
  are you looking to spoof a psych screen ? ^ / s, 
  correct polish grammar yes of many importants . 
  ah , not quite . 
  we are always willing to show peasants the light of gaben . 
  the only ones not welcome are those who have been shown gaben 's light and still continue to deny its ' truthfulness . 
  you get to friendly status sooner with the aliens , iirc . 
  a nest in your borders grants you -0,25 hostility points per turn ( the only way to get below the normal minimum of 15 hostility points ) . 
  makes sense that each nest would do this . 
  search the subreddit . 
  i 've seen the math posted frequently whenever the aliens are discussed . 
  i do n't think alien hostility is displayed anywhere in-game , besides the green/blue/red alien icons . 
  iirc , someone found out how the alien hostility mechanics work by digging in the game files for modding purposes . 
  it 's true that estonia was originally christianized by a crusade , and there was an `` ancient independence war '' in the 13th century . 
  however , many estonians conveniently forget that slavery was already practiced in pre-christian estonia . 
  serfdom did eventually come into effect as well ; the liberties of native estonians rapidly declined after the significant * j\u00fcri\u00f6\u00f6 * uprising in 1343-1345 . 
  however , it 's not right to say that nothing good came out of christianity in estonia . 
  most importantly , it was thanks to lutheran priests and church education that estonia had a high amount literate serfs compared to the rest of the russian empire . 
  those serfs became the basis of an estonian intellectual class , leading to the national awakening movement in the mid-19th century . 
  the movement in turn led to the creation of estonia as a nation state . 
  well , sort of . 
  abstaining stands for `` read about it on reddit for a few weeks , then decide i 'd rather not have that game taking up ~ ~ 20 ~ ~ 40 + gb of my hdd space . '', 
  edit : thanks . 
  it 's weird a aaa game that big is still shit . 
  but then i think about it , and it 's not weird at all . 
  i 'll admit , i do n't know much more about slavery in estonia , other than the fact that it existed . 
  and that the slaves were primarily non-estonians captured in raids or bought from scandinavian vikings via slave-trade . 
  digging around for a more reliable source for this than just `` something i read a few years ago '' , i found `` estonia and the estonians '' by toivo u. raun . 
  and since the qa is not that great , `` it worked before '' = `` no need to test it '', 
  i 've read ( on this sub ) that the aliens were nerfed hard just before release . 
  among other cut features , the alien aggression meter was supposedly shared between all civs during playtesting , so if one civilization pissed off the aliens , all civs would share the pain . 
    it should not be a good choice to not go to work since the money they get as a handout is too big compared to the salary they 'd get . 
   this is a problem in estonia already . 
  many people , especially in rural / peripheral areas live on disability or unemployment benefits even if they could find a job . 
  though in rural and peripheral areas ( read : anywhere but tallinn and tartu ) , a general unemployment problem definitely exists . 
  many of the unemployed would have to find jobs two or more hours of driving away from home . 
  moving closer to the job is often not possible ( buying ) or practical ( renting ) , due to the sharp gap in real estate prices between the urban and rural areas . 
  i remember learning that in school for six years . 
  i really do n't want to to the math and find out how many hours of my life i wasted on ineffectively trying to learn a language i had no interest in learning . 
  in hindsight , it really sucks my school did n't have the option of learning something other than russian as the second foreign language . 
  well ... at least i know how to read an pronounce cyrillic . 
  even if i only understand international words . 
  easy enough to get a mod which fixes that . 
  considering the scale of ed , it actually is . 
  not just generating the `` start '' of an offline galaxy , but also keeping track of all trades and missions . 
  including those made by npcs . 
  simulating all that is something for server-class computers only . 
  gaming pcs just do n't cut it unless they compromise and make the galaxy smaller , less populated and less eventful than the original vision . 
  plus , putting in work time to strip down the multiplayer version to make an offline version gaming computers can run means less time spent on finishing the multiplayer version . 
   in theory you can not get killed under stalin , if you lower your head , do n't talk against the party and so on . 
  in theory , at least . 
  that 's a pretty shaky theory . 
  if you were a jew under stalin , all it took to get killed was stalin becoming paranoid and believing his jewish physicians were out to kill him . 
  for autoloaders ( at least certain types ) , it 's even less likely , but still theoretically possible . 
  the breech is n't opened when a new clip/drum/whatever of shells is loaded into the mechanism , but it does briefly open as the mechanical loader cycles the shells . 
  what / u/skeptic4hire said . 
  also , there are certain spell tomes that are extremely rare because they are not in included in any random merchant/loot lists . 
  they only exist in hand-placed locations . 
  the necromantic empowerment spells that heal undead , for example . 
  i have yet to obtain necromantic empowerment without picking them up when i get the perks that allow me to research them independently . 
  a licensed pryomaniac , you mean ? 
  hmm ... getting paid to set stuff on fire definitely sounds like a dream job . 
  some rural places are actually quiet and slow enough that the cop would be wasting time with something even more pointless otherwise . 
  i mean , who would n't like a chance to yell at a bunch of dumbass kids without any consequences from their parents . 
  i remember digging around for that , actually , though that was in 1.7.3 . 
  i remember that at least one of the nec . 
  empowerment spells had a book entry , but the name of the book entry was different from the spell name . 
  the book did grant the right spell if i added it through console , though . 
  i vaguely remember that the school cover was mismatched and the prices were way too small for spellbooks of that level . 
  pretty clear they were not intended to be sold by merchants . 
  the tank controls are dodgy , since they 're tied to camera angle , rather than tank facing , but i have n't seen them bug out in any way . 
  i think banning youtube comments outright forever is n't the best idea . 
  there are some great yt comments that really capture what the pcmr is about . 
  differentiating between low and high quality yt comment links is also problematic , because it 's too subjective and therefore a lot of ( controversial ) decision-making work for our glorious mods . 
  maybe we ought to do what a certain sub about ball-shaped countries did and ban yt comments for a month , so newer members of the sub get used to slightly higher-quality content and ( hopefully ) stop upvoting low quality yt comments after the ban expires . 
  i do . 
  most of them are . 
  but there are some that are n't . 
  so instead of moderating : temporary blanket ban and hopefully the karma whores do n't resume posting shit once the bans expired . 
  oh , i know . 
  to be even more accurate : i 'm hoping they will karma-whore * somewhere else * if it becomes harder to do in pcmr . 
  not op , but does this basically mean the line from the gm screen is a deprecated reminder from dh1 that they just forgot to remove ? 
  it says that on the eula that you need to accept in order to install the game . 
  edit : also , yay necromancy !, 
  requiem roleplaying overhaul places master robes for all schools at certain fixed locations . 
  it also delevels the world , so that one dungeon will always have enemies ( or loot ) of a certain pre-set level . 
  among other awesome changes . 
  fair warning , a level 1 character in requiem is easily killed by even the weakest bandit boss .
