  and yet reddit is allowing other hate subs like srs continue to exist , as well as brigade and dox other users . 
  i absolutely support banning hateful subreddits in general , but reddit admins are clearly giving preferential treatment to groups that they agree with . 
  alternatively , +2 stress heal whenenver a stress heal effect is applies . 
  instinctive involuntary reflex , much like breathing . 
  also , babies have a [ reflex ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infant_swimming ) that causes their lungs to close when underwater . 
  that reflex also disappears as a human gets older . 
  could be they bought the game on principle , but continued playing the cracked , pirate version that already had all the mods they wanted . 
  such a shame i have only one upvote to give . 
  your efforts definitely deserve more than that . 
  in that case , you use whichever ( term . 
  armor or storm shield ) has the higher protection rating . 
  the idea of the `` one force field at a time '' rule is that you are never allowed to make more than one force field test to deflect an attack . 
  that said , a storm shield on a terminator can still be useful for parrying and shield-bash secondary attacks , as it is a defensive weapon . 
  ah , so they changed/fixed ocean fluid spawning ? 
  i had simply assumed it works the same as it did the last time i tried in the nightlies , where placing a background tile did n't stop fluid spawning in oceans . 
  well , pita or not , those sub-magma resources shall be mine !, 
  ... in certain parts of the usa . 
  just because the federal government took a stance in the argument in 2015 does n't mean it was universally illegal until that point . 
  a lot of the time , federal law and court decisions do n't happen until it 's already obvious to the politicians which way the wind is blowing . 
  dwarf fortress does a rather good job at making `` evil '' areas disturbing regardless of whether they 're mountains , forests or plains . 
  it 's been some time since i last played df , but i recall things like fleshy , squirming grass and dead animals rising as wild undead . 
  perhaps that level of extreme eerieness and evil is not the best fit for a large expanse , but it certainly could fit the immediate surroundings of whatever is the source of the evil plaguing the land . 
  to be honest , i did n't actually dislike raki , even in the anime . 
  sure , it was only in the manga that he actually turned into a proper , non-scrappy character . 
  but in the anime , i could still he his value as a plot device . 
  an excuse for clare to provide exposition regarding the claymores . 
  most importantly , it allowed exposition that would n't have made sense to be discuseed between rubel and clare , such as clare telling raki how claymores were trained in acting , if they needed to pass for human . 
  in the end , though , i absolutely have to agree with [ this sentiment ] ( http://moemichan.deviantart.com/art/claymore-raki-64066892 ), 
  it 's a real shame glowstone ca n't be made into bricks yet . 
  and yet they were content to leave the multishot ammo `` bug '' unfixed for so long that it became an integral part of gameplay . 
  either de is incompetent or they 're lying , both of which are inexcusable in a customer-company relationship . 
  they would n't have to do much appeasing if they were honest in the first place . 
  or if they were competent enough to fix `` bugs '' like that in an expedient manner , rather than letting them become a part of gameplay . 
  except in the long term , technological advancement becomes a problem . 
  easily accessible oil , coal and metal deposits have all been essentially depleted . 
  if humanity needs to go through a second industrial revolution to reinvent modern-day technology , then we 're boned because we need to have modern-day technology to obtain the resources for that progress . 
  correction : most of these countries did n't exist until after wwi , not wwii . 
  to be truthful , the story is never quite clear on the nature of regular yoma . 
  yoma have parasites in them , but the process of creating claymores apparently involves an entirely different process : [ infusions of some dragon-creature 's blood the organization has imprisoned ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  yoma and claymores are entirely different creatures , even though the energy used by both is yoki . 
  the organization spreads a lot of lies about the claymores ' and yoma , the `` half-yoma '' thing apparently being one of them . 
  also , the actual process of yoma shape-shifting is unclear , particularly how the yoma 's body `` cries '' when it is about to kill raki . 
  do yoma shapeshift freely , or do they `` absorb '' the body of a victim ? 
  as for the specific female yoma : the yoma are shapeshifters . 
  there 's no reason why they would n't have the ability to give themselves silver eyes in human form . 
  to be honest , there are n't that many mods to consider . 
  most mods of note are listed in [ this forum thread ] ( http://www.kerberos-productions.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=50&amp;t=47170 ) on the official kerberos forums . 
  the only mod worth considering in my opinion is [ naja 's governments mod ] ( http://www.kerberos-productions.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=50&amp;t=40867 ) . 
  it actually makes it so all nine forms of government are reliably reachable . 
  there 's also a standalone tool that lets you convert sots1 maps into sots2 maps , but i ca n't seem to find it anywhere at the moment . 
  as with most awesome things in claymore , i ca n't decide what 's better . 
  riful and miata are a tie for the favorite , but i 'd put an honorable mention out to ophelia , because that snake things was awesome too . 
  least favorite goes to the anime cliche of `` powerful one-horned monster '' , though . 
  all the other awakened forms felt more imaginative to me than priscilla 's , except maybe rigardo 's . 
  honestly , i do n't think the current estonian government has enough brains between them to come up with a plan as complicated as that . 
  hmm ... would n't the gun just smash itself ( and some shattered plastic ) into the shooter 's shoulder with the first shot ? 
  then again , getting the first shot off can be all that matters . 
  hm , judging by the ad , painting a fake gun to look real is legal ; only selling realistic-looking fake gun is a crime . 
  but painting a real gun to look fake is illegal in itself . 
  ck2 sort-of tries to make muslim realms less stable with decadence revolts , but it does n't really play out that way . 
  imo , they need more events that give vassals claims on each other and negative opinion against their liege . 
  skype is apparently down for almost everyone . 
  problem is almost certainly with skype 's servers , not with your computer . 
  they look like water furrows . 
  they 're pretty common in many parts of estonia , and intended to prevent flooding . 
  they 're not big enough to prevent serious flooding during severe storms , of course , but just enough that average rainstorms do n't cause trouble for low ground areas . 
  drawing from a sheath is also easier to train for , because a part of the swing is repeating the same motion every time , as opposed to training to be able to swing from whatever position the blade ends in after a swing . 
  looks like the stage is set for the four empires to become three , though . 
  [ x-com : terror from the deep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im6a7v7qgss&amp;list=pl4ghjejploaznlponulfaybn4lbn3iqln ) has a pretty cool soundtrack that might fit on a ghost ship . 
  are you experiencing lag in online games only , or are you actually seeing framerate drops even in games that are not online at all ? 
  if there are no framerate drops , then it 's probably a network issue . 
  run a hardware monitor while playing a game that lags . 
  i use [ open hardware monitor ] ( http://openhardwaremonitor.org/ ) myself , but if you dislike that one , i 'm sure you can find something that suits you with google . 
  if the temperature of the cpu or gpu goes significantly above 80 , then it 's probably thermal throttling causing the issue . 
  edit : significantly above 80 celsius , that is . 
  problem is , if you contribute by tanking/spotting , and do little to no damage , then you can carry your team to victory , while still being in the red for credits because not enough damage to offset repair costs . 
  it 's possible to register to high school exams before exam season , and then take part in the exams with the rest of that year 's students . 
  you do n't need to go through classes with regular students , and i do n't think you even can `` go back to school '' like that . 
  it 's just assumed that as a responsible adult you 'll all do your homework on your own before the exams . 
  i 'm not sure about the exact procedures of registering , though . 
  just some basic notes , instead of full in-character descriptions . 
  because it 's late and i 'm tired . 
  it 's a druidic barrow . 
  the focus is on rubbing in that intruding and taking stuff is grave-robbing . 
  upper shrine :, 
  the first room after entering . 
  there is a druidic shrine , which has a number of fresh offerings of valuable herbs and such . 
  appropriate skill checks ( search and knowledge ) reveal two things : a ) there is a staircase leading deeper beneath the shrine and b ) a druidic ritual is required to move the shrine without invoking the ire of [ druidicgod ] . 
  looting anything from the shrine , or moving the shrine without performing the ritual , inflicts a disease on anyone directly involved in the acts . 
  the garden : the largest chamber in the barrow . 
  contains an underground pond and a glowing , subterranean tree , as well as growths of various exotic herbs . 
  side passage hidden behind thick growth leads to next room . 
  herbs can be harvested without negative consequence . 
  poking the tree too intensely reveals it as a treant . 
  if the treant is awakened , two water elementals in the pond are awakened as well . 
  lower shrine :, 
  walls lined with burial urns . 
  some of the urns contain valuables like gems . 
  searching and/or looting the corpses inflicts disease on anyone directly involved . 
  larger shrine in the middle of the room , with a druidic staff on it .
