  just immersion-breaking or is something actually glitched ? 
  i 've been playing with hearthfires and i have n't noticed any problems . 
  as much as i like nls commentary , i had to stop watching his lw series . 
  all the tactical blundering on his part was just too painful to watch . 
  yeah , i have to say that training is a very real thing . 
  in fact , it 's nice to have something permanent to spend all that gold i make while adventuring . 
  another thing i 've found awesome is a fast respawn mod . 
  some would consider it immersion-breaking or cheating , but the way i see it , not having any chance to wipe out an entire country single-handedly is perfectly realistic . 
  swimming around in the ghost sea for the first time , grinding on horkers and stuff . 
  suddenly combat music . 
  half a second later dead . 
  wtf ? 
  reload recent save , same thing happens again . 
  wtf ? 
  then get a glimpse of the giant slaughterfish moments before another death . 
  yeah , estonia worked really hard to meet eurozone join criteria . 
  meaning that because the government was not stimulating the economy with loan money for business subsidies , the companies had to reduce the salaries of their employees . 
  ( of course , an annual salary increase is written into law for elected politicians , and they apparently `` ca n't '' ^ do n't ^ want ^ to rewrite the law ), 
  never going to happen , sadly . 
  it has a smoothbore gun which can fire sabot rounds . 
  wg have gone on record saying that modern smoothbore tank guns is one of the points of tank technology they wo n't go into . 
  a shame , though . 
  the japanese tank line needs a lot of love . 
  though it would probably need even more semi-fictional tanks than the german tree . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) is the treaty being talked about . 
  it 's about the us , the uk and russia promising not to attack ukraine ( militarily or with sanctions ) if ukraine gives up its ' nuclear weapons . 
  it does not mention any of them defending ukraine . 
  the closest thing to promising defense is an assurance to talk in the united nations security council about helping ukraine , if ukraine is attacked with nuclear weapons . 
  russia is claiming that the us funded ukrainian `` fascists '' who then ousted yanukovich . 
  which imo is on the same level as a kid saying `` but everyone else is doing it too '' when caught with something they 're not allowed to do . 
  there 's some wonky metaphysical explanation for this in elder scrolls lore . 
  which refers a lot to the weird paradoxes of the actual elder scrolls themselves . 
  something about the crisises of tes spontaneously coming into existence because there is a hero capable of resolving them ? 
  and then the heroes arbitrarily disappear from time for some reason when they have fulfilled their respective destinies . 
  i read an explanation by a tes lore expert once and i still do n't understand it . 
  in a vanilla game , i definitely like the look of ebony most . 
  though with mods , my preference is amidianborn 's dark elven armor ( which is retextured to match with thalmor robes ) . 
  he 's saying that if it 's a vanilla late-game werewolf , then the thief might wreck the werewolf . 
  wait . 
  is that a +10\u00a0000\u00a0000 bonus or +10\u00a0000\u00a0000 % bonus ? 
  had a similar close call in the north once , except i only almost escaped . 
  the thing crawled a short distance to shore and still killed me . 
  i could imagine in my mind 's eye , that fish leaping out of the water and slowly sinking back in with the waves after killing me . 
  random epic things like that are what remind me why i love requiem . 
  russia is apparently experimenting how much of international law he can break without without going to war with nato ( or just usa ) . 
  oh absolutely . 
  but what of finland , which is getting its ' airspace violated by russian planes all the time , and is now considering joining nato as an option for defense strategy ? 
  or the estonia and latvia , which are nato members with significant russian minorities that putin wants to `` protect '' ? 
  upvoted . 
  sloped armor was n't quite as revolutionary as it 's made out to be by today 's history buffs . 
  it was very effective in combat , yes , but it 's not like soviet engineers were the only ones who knew about the effects of sloping before the t-34 showed up . 
  for instance , the tiger i did n't use sloping because using sloped armor would have either : a ) made the tank too cramped to fit in all the required crew and mechanisms ; or b ) made the tank too big to fit on transport trains . 
  some of the most painful points of history go back to ww2 . 
  namely , numerous mass murders and deportations ( in estonia , and elsewhere in the batlics and eastern europe ) that they basically got away with scot-free . 
  not to mention the unorganized war crimes ( rape , murder , looting ) committed by individual red army soldiers . 
  and after everything was over , we had to treat those soldiers as heroes or receive visits from soviet secret police . 
  i 'm really , really thankful i was n't born back then . 
  realpolitik is actually part of the problem , in my opinion . 
  western europe , and the us to a lesser extent , simply is n't capable of taking a stand because their politicians are worried about their reelection chances if they take any serious stand against russia . 
  for instance , france is still going ahead with selling the helicopter carriers because there would be massive layoffs in the ship construction industry if it did n't . 
  i do n't understand what the russian mindset is . 
  and honestly , i do n't want to understand their psychotic and delusional version of imperialism . 
  okay , i need to stop here before my rant gets out of control . 
  i 'm probably not the best person to ask about this , being a. . let 's say recovering extremist . 
  i try to remain cool-headed these days , but i 'm still very much passionate about russia and its ' war crimes . 
  at one point `` i do n't care if the world burns , as long as russia burns with it '' seemed like a very good philosophy to me . 
  and that outcome , while not in my top ten , is still one that i 'm willing to settle for over alternatives like `` the west letting russia have eastern europe '', 
  probably deneve . 
  she 's more tactical , and her regeneration means she can win almost any fight of attrition , which are fairly easy to force if your enemy is n't overwhelmingly more powerful compared to you . 
  yes , i remember seeing that a while back while i browsed deviantart . 
  iirc , the artist made it because their male rookies kept dying while the female ones got promoted . 
  hence , the formation of pink squad . 
  no , it 's a ui mod called skyui . 
  the font change is only one minor part of it . 
  not at all . 
  just download nexus client , install it , run it for the first time and then use the `` download with manager '' button on nexus download pages . 
  the most important feature of skyui is actually an in-game mod manager , which many nexus mods use to let you customize the mods ' features in-game . 
  yes , estonia has expressly said it 's willing to pay for building the needed military infrastructure ... if nato allies are actually willing to commit to deploying additional presence here . 
  we might not be completely poor anymore , but we still have better things to do than build housing for troops that might not ever come . 
  you 're probably right that there is n't a significant improvement against the majority of enemies , since you 're already quickly killing them thanks to a combination of stealth , poisons and archery perks ( armor penetration optional ) . 
  you might see a significant improvement against really nasty things like thunder . 
  edit : there 's also the option that bound weapon bonuses do n't apply properly to bows , because it 's arrows doing the damage . 
  i tried the start once and can confirm it 's actually workable ... with a lot of savescumming . 
  or at least it was a long while ago when i tried it . 
  it 's even possible to remain in blackreach for a while . 
  recommended perks are conjuration ( pick ghostly wolf spell ) , sneak and ... 
  i 've forgotten the last , sorry . 
  strategy : grab stuff out in the open , run from anything hostile . 
  advancing combat skills is not viable at all , because everything will kill you if you stick around to fight . 
  however , it is possible to kill enemies and loot them by luring them into traps and/or enemy factions ( i.e , falmer into automatons , or vice-versa ) . 
  hmm ... 
  if you have high alchemy , then one thing i can think of is going into the dark brotherhood campaign and using a jarrin root poison , while assassinating the emperor with something else . 
  another is looking into reducing your shout cooldown . 
  but i think the general consensus is that the alduin fight is really hard with anything that is n't a mage . 
  especially if the teleporter needs to retrieve your remains from an underground location , well beyond its ' normal working range . 
  could probably translate to a longer/more severe debuff . 
  damn shame you 're on ps3 . 
  was about to recommended requiem . 
  thanks ... wait . 
  rddt6 is na .
