  also , ai-only games checked at milestones is not much of a substitute for continuous gameplay . 
  but it 's understandable they do n't want to spend the effort to do that kind of testing in-house . 
  especially since they can just have the playerbase actually pay them money for the privilege of doing that testing for them ( which is why i 've stopped buying pdx dlc when it launches ) . 
  advisors , ministers and all other stuff you buy on that screen with pp are considered `` ideas '' . 
  see any file in [ installdir ] \\ \\ common \\ \\ ideas \\ \\ for vanilla examples . 
  devouring swarm , like all civics , is a government scope effect . 
  it has no relevance to pops outside the original empire . 
  after all , conquered pops of a fanatic purifier empire do n't start purging the pops of their new overlords , either . 
  the philippines elected him and he enjoys considerable popular support . 
  some of his harsh methods would n't fly in the us , but if it works in his country , good on him for fixing the drug problem for his people . 
  so yes , i suppose i like duterte . 
  he 's prepared to do what it takes to fix his country 's problems without giving a shit about virtue signaling to corrupt globalists and their hordes of useful bleeding heart idiots . 
  a car really makes a difference if you ever plan to make some long-distance trips , though . 
  inside a dense urban area , public transit coverage is good , and you do n't lose much in the way of freedom and control over your movements . 
  try and go out of state , or even out of county in some places , and you 'll find your options for destination become very limited ; and if you 're willing to switch buses to get as cloe to your destination as you want , you become limited in timing . 
  because it devalues college degrees and brings down the wages of college educated people ; basic supply and demand . 
  and naturally , this widens the wealth gap as the rich get to pocket the benefits of having more educated workers available at lower cost . 
  obtaining a college education should be an investment to get yourself , or your children , to live at a higher living standard . 
  however , if everyone has a college education , it stops being something that increases your value as an employee compared to the rest of the job market . 
  instead of a way of getting into the upper middle class , a college degree would become a requirement to avoid living in poverty . 
  the more talented , trained and professional a baseball team is , the less randomness there is to a game . 
  randomness never goes away completely , of course , which is why the worst mlb team can beat the best mlb team about 15 % of the time . 
  but the difference in ability between `` worst mlb '' and `` best mlb '' is far less than between `` worst mlb '' and the best team of some other league . 
  manpower is a function of civilian population . 
  afaik , pdx has disabled direct reduction of civilian population to prevent genocide mods . 
  however , having a negative civilian growth rate ( used in millenium dawn mod , for example ) can reduce population , though i think the math is still wonky in that process . 
  and civilian pop growth bonus is a nation modifier , not a state modifier . 
  i know this all does n't solve your problem , but perhaps it 'll give you a starting point to figuring out a solution . 
  good luck . 
  probably at the end of ww2 , yes . 
  it 's unlikely soviet military administration , much less the east german government , would have permitted such nationalist graffiti to be the backdrop of a propaganda picture with their military equipment , outside of war photography where such things add a degree of authenticity . 
  besides that , production of isu-122s was stopped at the end of 1945 . 
  while the model remained in service for much longer and even received a modernization package in 1958 , the units that were n't scrapped , converted into rocket artillery platforms , recovery vehicles or even into heavy civilian tractors , were likely to have been assigned into reserve formations in the ussr , rather than be kept on the front line of the potential allied-soviet flashpoint in germany . 
  senors are actually useful . 
  they provide an accuracy bonus that is actually a lot more significant ( for high dpm weapons in large mounts ) than the small numbers of the tooltip suggest . 
  i found most of what i said on [ this page ] ( http://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/ww2/soviet/isu-122.php ) , though i 've not found any more about the rocket conversions either . 
  iirc , one of the first steps of a movement event is reserving the target tile for the moving unit . 
  perhaps step-out ccs gets blocked if the soldier would have to step out into the tile that an attacking ` lid 's movement has already reserved ? 
  why do n't you try listening to some sabaton ? 
  i recommend starting with [ lion from the north ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlt0lerdgks ) and [ resist and bite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igteh1i78si ) if you 've never heard of the band before . 
  well , even in vanilla there is a `` gene seed purification '' tech in the game that lets you make what are essentially astartes . 
  with mods you can add warhammer ships and emblems . 
  fanatic xenophobe + militarist lets you be extra-purgy in attitude ... you totally can . 
  til never to go anywhere near wet concrete . 
  fyi , the ai absolutely does create vehicle variants . 
  or at least , the german ai does . 
  and often has shit templates in the late-game because of it . 
  personally , i absolutely adore angel 's ores and smelting . 
  there 's an elegance to the multi-step process of refining stones to purified ores , then the ores to ingots , then smelting down the ingots and running the molten metal through pipes to be pressed into plates . 
  it makes modules really worthwhile and gives you a noticeable efficiency option to increasing your throughput , instead of just telling robots to clearing up space and put down another furnace column when your throughput is n't enough . 
  and trying to explain why i like angel 's , i also just realized something big : i could bus molten metal in pipes and manufacture plate locally !, 
  a character ca n't guard and be guarded at the same time . 
  if you cast protect me on an antiquarian that has already cast it one someone else , then the target 's protection link is removed . 
  the `` family spokesman '' is brad bauman , a professional democrat crisis pr consultant with the pastorum group . 
  he probably is n't the spokesman . 
  though i 'm not ruling out the possibility the family was intimidated into accepting the `` services '' of someone so closely tied to the organization that is being suspected of organizing seth rich 's death by their investigator . 
  when a private investigation suggests a political motive as opposed to simply being a robbery gone wrong , i could understand the family wanting to stay out of public sight . 
  i could easily understand if they had doubts about the evidence and demanded their investigator dig deeper to find more solid proof . 
  but i ca n't understand the family to willingly and immediately saying the new evidence must be `` fake '' , or that it is n't the narrative `` they wanted '' for their loved one 's death , when it gives them hope of getting closer to uncovering the killer ( s ) . 
  turkish muslims are having a political dispute among themselves and it 's turned violent like it always does when a large enough group of muslims disagrees with something or someone . 
  news at 11 . 
  i 'm not sure what nurgle rot does , but i would warn against adding any significant amount of toughness or natural armor . 
  being hard to wound is one of the most powerful abilities a boss enemy can have ; far more so than simply having lots of wounds to go through before suffering critical damage . 
  my own rule of thumb is to make sure that an average acolyte using an average weapon should be guaranteed to inflict at least one wound on the enemy if they roll at least a 6 on whatever their damage roll is . 
  if the boss is more resilient than that , then it needs to be a bigger , easier target so the player have more opportunities to actually roll high enough damage to wound the target . 
  and hopefully fixing the air region sizes in east asia , too . 
  past a certain point , though , energy is kind of worthless compared to minerals . 
  depending on your station-building discounts , it takes no more than 90 months for the station to pay its ' own construction cost , and another 90 months to reach a 2 energy = 1 mineral profit ratio ; the longer a 1-mineral station operates , the closer it approaches a 1 energy = 1 mineral conversion rate . 
  a better deal than you get trading with the commerce enclave , or any other empire , just slower . 
  only things you really need to watch out for , is making sure the station is n't destroyed/conquered within 10-15 years of construction , and your actual energy production not going so low that it becomes the bottleneck of your expansion . 
  a safer way is to create an empty mod with the launcher 's mod tool , and copy over the files from the steam workshop folders . 
  definitely more than a steel chest and some loaders from [ that mod ] ( https://mods.factorio.com/mods/kij336/add-loader ) . 
  ( yes , there is a more recent/prettier version of this somewhere , but i could n't find it in two minutes and have better things to do ), 
  also gives unity , and it has far less upkeep than an upgraded biolab . 
  and zoo only needs administration , not capital , so it works on planets smaller than size 10 . 
  no , it means you can make decisions on behalf of ai nations , using their points , as if they were your puppets . 
  without them actually being your puppets . 
  i really wonder what the republicans are going to do about cnn . 
  it 's undeniably poisonous and a propaganda arm for the democrat party , yet even the slightest criticism of their false claims and ludicrous mental gymnastics are already being met with shrieks about freedom of the press . 
  i ca n't even imagine the democrat riots if actual legal action was taken against them . 
  apparently submarines can still break the game and and become impossible to detect/damage . 
  that 's not impossible . 
  ww2-era submarines did mount self-defense aa guns . 
  a rule i use myself is that a character ca n't use psychotherapy on themselves . 
  meaning the team psychotherapist needs to use rep to fix themselves at an outside psychotherapist . 
  while these two have never come up in practice ( my players know better than to try ) , i also have a rule that a therapy session with a psychotherapist who has a trauma/derangement of their own has a -30 ( negating effects of psychosurgery , if used ) on the post-session test , in addition to standard penalties from the traumas and disorders of everyone involved . 
  and finally , i have a rule that a therapist with a disorder has no positive effect when the post-therapy test succeeds , and actually inflicts stress on the patient if the test fails . 
  that all said , i like / u/fponkdamn 's ideas better than my own , and i 'm probably going to try those out , instead of my own penalty system . 
  still keeping the `` therapist ca n't objectively treat their own mental conditions '' rule , though . 
  fanatic xenophobe + spiritualist or militarist . 
  all the other combinations are isolationist-type xenophobes ( or at least not fanatic purifiers level of aggressive ) . 
  afaik , the east-european headscarf you 're talking about was also a something in between a sign of status and a rite of passage among peasant women ( this is in the 19th century and prior , we 're talking about , of course ) : although old maids did eventually get one from their parents , the headscarf was typically given to a woman by their husband . 
  which is why op called it an exploit , and not a bug . 
  a mechanic does n't need to be a bug to be an exploit . 
   he pled guilty and probably did it , but that 's not the point . 
  first off , he tried to do what 's called an alford plea : pleading guilty but maintaining a claim of innocence . 
  often done by people with prior guilty convictions , who consider themselves innocent but still think they 'll be found guilty because of having a prior conviction biasing the jury against them . 
  ** the judge rejected his alford plea ** , defaulting the trial to a not guilty plea . 
  it 's absolutely absurd of the judge to consider the plea that he himself refused to accept as evidence of the defendant 's guilt . 
   he then waited a year to turn himself in for the armed robbery that he was found not guilty of .
