  cot_snowpatch_hqsnowversion . esp, 
  the eyes of beauty - elves edition.esp, 
  water plants.esp, 
  water db waves.esp, 
  smim-farmhouseflickeringfix . esp, 
  smim-furniturechestsnowfix . esp, 
  skyrim better roads - all in one - merged.esp, 
  alternate start - live another life.esp, 
  requiem for the indifferent.esp, 
  is the tech level of aliens affected by x-com tech level ? 
  basically , is there any advantage to holding off on priority technologies in long war ? 
  figured we might as well get something more started here . 
  title says it all . 
  what kind of ideas do you have for the beginning of tesvi ? 
  obviously , the main character is going to be a prisoner again . 
  would someone kindly take a landmark combat bundle key off my hands ? 
  to avoid key-stealers , i have decided to send the key via e-mail . 
  first person to send me ** a pm ** with the e-mail address they 'd like to receive the key with will get it . 
  playing a game on one of the advanced maps ( the tidally locked planet , half-tropical , half frozen ) i noticed that something funky was going on with naval movement . 
  in some cases , my 6-movement gunboats could only move 3 or 4 tiles before running out of moves . 
  on closer inspection , i noticed that a lot of the ocean tiles were marked as `` marsh '' when i hovered over them , and those tiles cost two movement for units to pass through , despite looking identical to ocean or coast tiles . 
  has anyone else getting this bug ? 
  or is this a working-as-intended feature ? 
  the usp ( * universelle selbstladepistole * or `` universal self-loading pistol '' ) is a semi-automatic handgun made in germany . 
  it has been in service since 1993 and is used by australia , denmark , estonia , france , germany , greece , ireland , japan , lithuania , luxembourg , malaysia , poland , portugal , the republic of china , singapore , south africa , spain and the us . 
  the usp and its ' variants have been used in the war in afghanistan and the iraq war . 
  the gun was developed in 1989-1992 , and introduced in january 1993 . 
  the major variants are the usp , usp tactical and usp compact . 
  usp ( 9mm / .40 ) :, 
  748 g ( 1.65 lb ), 
  194 mm ( 7.64 '' ) long, 
  108 mm ( 4.25 '' ) barrel length, 
  usp compact ( 9mm ) :, 
  667 g ( 1.47 lb ), 
  173 mm ( 6.81 '' ) long, 
  91 mm ( 3.58 '' ) barrel length, 
  usp tactical ( 9mm ) :, 
  771 g ( 1.70 lb ), 
  194mm ( 7.64 '' ) long, 
  121 mm ( 4.78 '' ) barrel length, 
  9x19mm parabellum is the most common cartridge used , though variants using .40 s&w and .45 acp exist for each major variant . 
  the usp compact also has a variant which uses .357 sig cartridge , a cartridge none of the other variants use . 
  no update today ? 
  well , i 'm not having any of that . 
  as the title suggests , i decided to take my chances with the large ufo that showed up in the early game . 
  i brought along a 6-man squad ( 2 medics , 1 assault , 1 infantry , 1 scout , 1 lmg gunner ) . 
  despite playing lw for the first time , i had the benefit of having spent many hours watching youtubers better than myself playing lw and tackling that mission so early . 
  thus , i knew to bring out all the shotguns . 
  after a very tense mission , i 'm in a bit of a bad spot supplies wise , but also down to the final two pods of the ufo . 
  the outsiders were holed up in the room which has the big hangar door opening to the outside and two power generators on either side . 
  i used a battle scanner ( my final remaining consumable ) to get eyes on how the outsider pod is holed up , and to my dismay i discovered they also have a drone pod in the same room . 
  i 've also ended up with my lcpl assault critically wounded ( but stabilized ) thanks to an unlucky 98 % miss earlier in the mission failing to kill a sectoid , so i 'm very reluctant to abandon the mission . 
  any advice on how to breach the room and take out all six outsiders and four drones fast enough that they do n't wipe my squad ? 
  after managing to irreversibly break skyrim with reckless modding , i 've been forced to start from a clean slate . 
  my only question is : where can i find patches that are up-to-date for requiem 1.8.2 . 
  i believe the only mods i use which require compatibility patches are the unofficial patches series and ccor . 
  the rest of what i use is just a number of texture and lighting mods . 
  i 've heard a lot of conflicting things on how azirok 's patch central may or may not be out of date , hence my hesitation in using those . 
  part 1  [ part 2 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimrequiem/comments/2uiivx/rp_derlatas_tale_pt_2/ ), 
  * 14th last seed , 4e201 *, 
  if my count is correct , today is the day . 
  twenty-five years since i saw through all the thalmor lies and deserted their armies . 
  what better day to start a journal . 
  my reasons are fairly straightforward . 
  now that i 've relocated by camp closer to the shore of lake illinata , i 'm facing much greater solitude that i did hunting closer to falkreath . 
  initially , i thought i would enjoy the increased solitude , but after a week of hunting and trapping in the area without speaking to a single soul , i realize it 's starting to get to me . 
  i had to leave , of course . 
  with the dispute i had with ari and her band of hunters about our overlapping hunting grounds , it was best to give in . 
  greedy and unreasonable bitch though she may be , her band is three and i am one . 
  not to mention that the other local nords would likely side with her . 
  not that i hold it against them . 
  ari is closer kin to the inhabitants of falkreath than i , a bosmer , ever will be . 
  but enough on that tangent . 
  i 've accept it already and really should move on . 
  i have n't introduced myself , have i ? 
  should i ? 
  hm , i would like for someone to know who i was and perhaps remember me , should i die in the dangerous wilderness of this untamed province . 
  i am derlata , a bosmer born far from skyrim , in the province of valenwood . 
  though certainly not old by mer standards , being ninety-something years old , and i no longer young , either . 
  like many other bosmer , i served in the armies of the aldmeri dominion during the great war . 
  as an archer and a scout , like most of my kin . 
  shortly after the war , i happened upon certain missives ( which i was obviously never meant to see ) that led me to despise the thalmor , the dominion and everything it stands for . 
  a story for another time , i think . 
  the anniversary today weighs heavily enough on my soul as it is . 
  i do n't need to tear open that old wound just yet . 
  over the past twenty five years , i 've wandered across cyrodiil and finally came to skyrim slightly more than five years ago , in morning star 4e296 . 
  hunting the game has been less than successful lately . 
  clearing the campsite and setting everything up has scared away the big game . 
  i 've caught a few rabbits and foxes , and a wild dog , but it 's been barely enough to keep me fed . 
  ah , and since i know many nords have asked about certain aspects of the bosmer green pact . 
  it 's true that the pact demands that a bosmer never waste any meat , and never consume any plant . 
  while i was still with my kin in valenwood , i did at least follow the basic tenets of the pact , though i was never the most devout adherent . 
  i have even , to meet the expectation of my bosmer comrades in the dominion army , eaten the flesh of enemies fallen on the battlefield . 
  however , after my desertion , i have long since become a `` pact breaker '' . 
  i find nothing wrong in putting a few carrots or a clove of garlic in a stew . 
  nor do i practice eating the flesh of fallen enemies . 
  still , as a hunter , i am diligent about wasting as little as possible of whatever wildlife i catch . 
  * 17th last seed , 4e201 *, 
  today has become a rather exciting day . 
  a dragon flew right over my camp .
