  a more interesting life . 
  that was one of the reasons i had chosen to leave the safety core worlds and settle in the spinward frontier . 
  up until this point , i had never regretted the decision . 
  even now , i do n't really miss working for the monotonous bureaucratic machine of the united core . 
  but still , the very real possibility that i might die today is a bit unsettling . 
  sure , i was n't fazed by the occasional pirate raid . 
  this was the frontier , after all , and i had volunteered for the outpost militia . 
  mostly for the financial and social benefits , but i had to admit , in the multiracial environment of blackwell outpost , i was one of the better candidates for the defense force . 
  besides my young half-sister and elderly mother , i was one of the only three * harlans * living in the small refueling outpost . 
  while nothing impressive by * harlan * standards ( i was just a bureaucrat , after all ) , i was still bigger and stronger than most other individuals in the colony . 
  so here i was , at my station , manning the aa turret guarding the colony command post . 
  sure , i was n't the most skilled gunner of the outpost . 
  but having four strong manipulators meant i did n't need assistance to cycle the heat sinks of the laser cannon . 
  when i got the call we all thought the situation was simple enough . 
  the orbital elevator station above the colony reported three ships in the system . 
  unscheduled and no registration . 
  sounded like a bigger pirate raid , but nothing the colony had n't handled before . 
  pirate raids have a reputation for being messy affairs . 
  when i say the words to relatives living in the core , they typically imagine the pirate ships , fighters and the scumbags themselves randomly blasting things with lasers and plasma , setting the whole outpost on fire . 
  but the dangerous part is really the boarding action on the orbital and possibly on the streets of the ground settlement , if the pirates tried to land and attempt a slave grab . 
  in either case , i 'm pretty far for the actual fighting and pirates are n't dumb enough to risk damaging the orbital elevator . 
  now , an hour later , we all realize how wrong we were . 
  what 's going on here , is full-scale war . 
  it 's the humans . 
  i 've heard stories about them , far-reaching explorers that pass through the outpost have spoken of a species that developed a hyperdrive on its ' own , before being discovered and properly guided and uplifted by the united core . 
  last i heard , the core sent a diplomatic mission to them last year to welcome the new species to the galaxy . 
  now we 're seeing their response . 
  the orbital has been boarded and we keep sending reinforcements up . 
  before the marshal demanded to stop chatter , i heard the enemies were in proper uniforms . 
  soldiers , not pirates . 
  i 've been red-lining the heatsinks trying to shoot down as many drop pods as i can . 
  one of the quadruple lasers was wrecked from the heat two cycles ago . 
  then i notice the incoming fighters . 
  i turn the turret and line up a shot , but it fires a missile before i get a lock . 
  i hit the fighter just moments before its ' missile hits the command post behind me . 
  the fighter is losing control , but i realize the wreck is going to hit the turret and bail out just in time . 
  once i regain consciousness , i eventually manage to get up to on all four legs , and i see a second wave of drop pods raining down . 
  and enemy gunships in the sky hunting for targets . 
  i rush to what 's left of the surface command post . 
  the marshal 's dead , along with everyone else . 
  chaotic , panicked chatter all over the comms . 
  after a few minutes of panic , i finally decide i need to do something . 
  i pick up an intact radio . 
  `` this . . this is gunnery sergeant kolok . 
  everyone in the command post is dead . 
  all militia forces stand down and surrender . 
  we 're finished . '', 
  and i pray to whatever gods might exist , that the humans will be merciful . 
   not quite sure of the reasons , either you managed to elect better politicians at some crucial point in history , or good finnish influence , idk . 
  i think one of the big reasons is that we did n't compromise with the ex-communist party members and let them continue in politics right after restoring independence . 
  undemocratic , but seems to have worked out in the end . 
  well , not using the biggest gun is valid for some tanks . 
  for instance , the flakbus ( pz . 
  biggest gun has shit gun arc compared to the previous one and 198 pen is kind of overkill for a tier 5 . 
  i 'm also considering switching back to the long 88 on my tiger while i grind because a ) shell cost , b ) reload and c ) it actually has slightly better pen . 
  i wonder if this is my own pubbie logic at work here ? 
  edit : was talking about tiger 2 . 
  sorry for the misleading typo . 
  oops , looks like a typo slipped in . 
  i was talking about the tiger 2 . 
  after having tried both the stock long 88 and the second gun ( 10,5 mm ) , i 'm feeling that the second gun is n't strictly better even when i ignore shell cost . 
  thus , the shell cost becomes the deciding factor as i gring through the modules . 
  i have yet to unlock the best gun on the tank , and i expect that one to be better despite the increased shell cost . 
  besides , trading alpha damage is n't one of the tiger 2 's strongpoints to begin with . 
  especially considering how often it gets into tier 9 and 10 matches . 
  i recall cf acknowledging fairly early on that their game was in fact still in alpha when they first released it as early access . 
  and they just called it a `` beta '' because people were used to hearing that term with early access games . 
  true enough , and i never claimed otherwise . 
  though i 'm willing to forgive and forget , myself . 
  most game devs are a lot more dishonest and a lot less respectful toward their customer base . 
  or get click-splashed by a scumbus with shells bigger than your tank . 
  humorous exaggeration aside , i must admit that seeing a fast-moving light tank just disappear from your well-led shot is immensely satisfying as an arty player . 
  that 's all well and good , but unfortunately there are plenty of bad players in big heavies and tds who think that when a scout `` neds t\u00fc st\u00f6p kemping in b\u00fcsh '' , then the best action is to shoot them in the back with he to encourage them . 
  or they 're lazy and do n't bother to switch from ap . 
  you just need to get yourself a bert ^ britisht6spg , then . 
  this is amazing work . 
  would love to see this continued . 
  it 's not as ridiculous as it sounds , actually . 
  it 's a policy choice between being chronically undermanned or having poorly trained , uneducated officers, 
  here in estonia , becoming a policeman requires you to go through three , four or five years ( depending on specialty ) of education in the state police academy ( ` the ' , because there 's just the one ) , after 12 years of primary and secondary education . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how the education level translates , though . 
  in estonia , colleges are in the same tier of education as universities . 
  in any case , the result in estonia : the police force is chronically undermanned , and because of politics they 're often more focused on plugging their budges holes with fines than with actual public security . 
  and the cops that like to abuse their power are actually competent about getting away with it , so the police force in general does n't need to make itself look bad by closing ranks to defend its ' own . 
  short , but good work . 
  you characterized both sides pretty well . 
  i like . 
  although , cap said strength twice in a row when talking about the scientist . 
  and yeah , i completely agree that cap would lose the fight . 
  still possible for both sides to be badass , even if the battle is ultimately one-sided . 
  i remember playing this as a teenager . 
  i 'm not sure of the exact year anymore , honestly . 
  2005 , maybe ? 
  definitely a classic in my book , and one of the better indiana jones games . 
  for the first hour , there was chaos . 
  nobody knew what happened , really . 
  command was n't responding . 
  it was jarring , encircled by the red army , then suddenly the city and all in it appear elsewhere . 
  a miracle , one of the men beside me called it , as the bolshevik lines outside the city disappeared , and the terrain itself ... changed into something different in the blink of an eye . 
  the battle continued even without orders from command .
