  yep . 
  graphite is a conductive material . 
  you do n't want it floating into the electronics . 
  it 's also flammable , so you do n't want any of it floating around even if it ca n't reach the electronics . 
  people 's heights : above 190cm is obviously tall . 
  170 is average for men . 
  160 is average for women . 
  below 150cm is obviously short . 
  oven temps : most things done in the oven are done at 200c ( ~ 390f ) or 225 . 
  some things that need to be done at low temperatures go at about 175 . 
  i 've heard of nothing that 's baked in the oven gets a temp higher than 250 or lower than 150 . 
  denial and apologism of soviet war crimes . 
  them beating the nazis does not mean everything they did on the eastern front was justified . 
  ' \u03b8\u03b5\u1f78\u03c2 ' is something along the lines of ` theos ' , i think . 
  no idea about the second one . 
  was n't it the muslims who preserved the works of classical philosophers until they rose into value again among european intellectuals during the renaissance , though ? 
  actually no . 
  only bonuses and compensation in excess of 2.5 mil shekels is subject to extra taxes . 
  there is no cap on direct salary . 
  and there you have it . 
  the argument in favor of having the death penalty on the books . 
  to be used against those who society deems unfit to remain alive after all they 've done . 
  huh . 
  and up until this point , i had thought dragons can not be sneaked up on . 
  i though they just automatically detected you through invisibility , muffling and high sneak skill no matter what , once you got within a certain distance . 
  not sure about the ln , but the manga does n't . 
  this is entirely speculation on my part , but i suspect lack of interest in both cases . 
  elves wo n't voluntarily serve a regime as racist as the empire . 
  human mages are more interested in the pursuit of arcane knowledge , than they are serving as battlemages . 
  the empire might have to start handing out titles of nobility to mages to motivate them to join , which the existing nobility are probably opposed to . 
  and before you mention forcing people into service , that 's a bad idea . 
  slaves and conscripts making up the expendable grunts that go into melee is one thing . 
  but a mage on a battlefield would have a lot of power . 
  their contribution could turn the tide in either direction . 
  the last thing the empire wants is conscripted mages defecting to the other side in the middle of a battle . 
  no , my experience includes requiem . 
  i have n't played non-requiem games in years . 
  i do n't think i ever tried sneaking up into melee range against dragons in vanilla . 
  which defeats the purpose of shying away from a more proportional voting system than fptp in the name of having `` local '' representatives . 
  what if i told you , memes never die ? 
  is n't the polish corridor still on the map , though ? 
  to be honest , it does n't make much sense . 
  historically , the only reason poland was granted that territory was because they wanted access to the seas and the entente wanted to weaken germany . 
  since poland here has ports to the north now and germany did n't lose a huge war , there 's no reason for germany to give them the corridor . 
  greater syria could be some different color . 
  it 's a bit hard to tell whether cyprus is held by syria or greece . 
  also , awesome to see an independent estonia , 
  yeah , absolutely depends on the university in question . 
  there are thoroughly cucked universities in every part of the world . 
  thankfully , they 're not in the majority everywhere . 
  let 's be honest , the old russian colonies are still going to get fucked by russia if america stops meddling . 
  their only hope of being not fucked is hoping both russia and america collapse simultaneously . 
  not really . 
  only according to the delusionally naive multiculturalists currently in power in most of the eu . 
  which is where you hit the problem of opponents shifting the burden of proof when they run out of arguments . 
  it 's an april fool 's joke . 
  impossible . 
  there is no such thing as `` enough brrrrrrt '' . 
  if there was an `` enough brrrrrrt '' and you added more brrrrrrt to it , you 'd get `` too much brrrrrrt '' , which does n't exist so `` enough brrrrrrt '' ca n't exist either . 
  not to mention all the mass murders done by the soviets on the eastern front . 
  much of which they pinned on the nazis , like the katyn massacre . 
   ahmadiyyadi moslemid on hereetikud, 
  a problem i 've always had with heavy armor , is that i could never figure out a good way to train the skill to a point where it starts snowballing . 
  just letting mudcrabs wail is frustrating and immersion-breaking as hell . 
  other stuff just kills you even through heavy armor and you 're so slow you ca n't run away , either . 
  edit : and come to think of it , the same issue is even worse with light armor . 
  considering this is a pathfinder character and high-level devil magic is involved , i imagine she does n't need eyes to see . 
  edit : also just noticed the sword has eyes , so it might be that . 
  unless you had been the last tank alive , in which case the enemy would have won , because `` all tanks dead '' beats `` friendly base capped '' as a lose condition . 
  similarly , the soundtrack for [ dawn of war 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ar5s3aigjw&amp;index=2&amp;list=pla8c3ebcb072172d9&amp;user=archeuswarhammer40k ) is pretty good for a 40k feel . 
  arcade cabinets were never really a thing in estonia . 
  by the time the ussr collapsed and estonia opened up to western luxuries like video games , arcades were already obviously on their way to becoming a nostalgia-business in the us . 
  video-gaming in estonia essentially started with 286 pcs and 4th/5th generation consoles . 
  it ... could be ` shopped to make putin look taller compared to the tanks . 
  i mean , obviously not to a ridiculous degree like making him taller than the tanks , but to prevent him from looking too tiny compared to the vehicles . 
  if i recall the manga correctly , it 's because bunny people are strongly biased toward having female offspring . 
  it was even possible to read it so that if a bunny has a female child , it 's a bunny and if it 's male it 's the father 's race . 
  but that 's just conjecture , the manga really was n't clear on the matter . 
  likely because it 's a good radius for setting up multiple lines of defense around the gate if necessary . 
  if the rich and influential are supporting the erosion of privacy anyway , we might as well take advantage of that to get at their secrets . 
  who knows , they might even reverse course and decide privacy is valuable after all . 
  someone here also did some research and discovered that rich americans generally do their shell company business at companies that compete with the on in panama . 
  also , americans have been named by now . 
  you really are n't getting how this works , are you ? 
  the money * can * be taxed , if the irs ( or foreign equivalent ) knows where it is and knows that it 's being `` stored '' ( rather than being reinvested to expand real economic activities of a company ) . 
  the only place where the money ca n't be taxed , is somewhere hidden . 
  it 's also a matter of house architecture . 
  lots of cheaply-built us houses do n't really have proper ventilation . 
  and even the expensive houses are often designed on the principle of `` why bother designing natural ventilation if we can just add more a/c units ? 
  i ca n't imagine province data will be anything other than lua files similar to what we have in hoi3 and all of the other paradox grand strategy games . 
  so the answer is most likely going to be ` yes ' . 
  never too late , though this place has definitely gotten very slow after the manga ended . 
  i 'm under the impression this is the same perception russians have of the pro-west countries in eastern europe . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's possible to gain 100 stress in a controlled manner , by taking a torch to books . 
  it 's a risk , much like dark runs , but you absolutely can use + virtue trinkets to try and purposely coax virtues out of characters . 
  my perception of russians and pro-east countries is entirely different . 
  my perception : the governments of those countries are self-serving dictators , and their people are too apathetic or afraid to stage a revolution . 
  of course , in the case of russia , brainwashing does play a part as well . 
  i do n't know enough to have a perception of state-level brainwashing in the other cis countries .
