  the cops took a year to track him down and inform him he was even being charged with something . 
  when he found out , he did turn himself in . 
  it 's not his responsibility to find out he 's being charged with something . 
  it 's the court 's responsibility to inform him , and they failed to do so for over a year . 
   this is because he 's no longer considered a first offender because he was charged with armed robbery , which is a parole violation . 
  so basically , simply accusing someone with trumped up charges is enough to count as a parole violation ? 
  that 's absolutely absurd , and if it 's not a violation of law on the judges ' and prosecutor 's behalf , it damn well needs to be . 
  it basically means parole is meaningless , because if the prosecutor thinks parole is n't a strong enough sentence , they can deliberately trigger a parole violation by accusing someone with completely trumped-up charges that 'll get thrown out in a heartbeat . 
  no appeal , no nothing : parole terms violated and nothing you can do about it . 
  i have no idea . 
  i only know about european headscarves because they 're part of my national heritage . 
  they 'll try to build them , but because they 're not full empires , the ai is n't all that competent . 
  they sometimes go to zero tax rate for colony growth , then never switch back , thus lacking the resources to build defense satellites . 
  they also get hit by random encounters like von neumann , so it 's possible for them to lose their satellites . 
  the lore is n't exactly consistent on this topic , though . 
  there 's a creed about the `` sacred human form '' ( meaning `` bipedal upright with two arms and one head '' ) that even mechanicus respects . 
  mechanicus says adding `` tool mounts '' on the back , along with interfacing cables , and replacing organs and stuff with mechanical equivalents , is acceptable and noone cares to argue . 
  replacing humanoid bipedalism with quadruped legs is probably skirting into gray areas surrounding tech heresy that some puritans , even within the mechanicus , might use it as an excuse to influence-attack the character , if they 've done something to piss them off . 
  that said , the lore of it is an interesting plot hook to add to your arsenal . 
  for rules , i 'd do the following :, 
  * have the cybernetic equipment count as a single cybernetic augment that takes up both leg bionic slots , which grants the person the quadruped talent . 
  * then i 'd add a new specialization for the mechandendrite use talent , associated with this quadruped system . 
  until they take the talent , have the character count as agb 1 ( maybe even agb 0 ? ), 
  for movement speed , unless they pass a -30 ag test . 
  * possibly merge the leg hit zones into a single block and draft up a custom crit table for the leg array . 
  probably involving electrical discharges and big explosions at the higher numbers of crit damage . 
  you could try messing with it in the [ country ] . txt files of the same folder . 
  i 'm fairly certain [ country ] . txt overrides colors.txt, 
  you could also try adding a mod_colors . txt with the tags and colors inside , and see if the game loads and overrides vanilla with your mod 's definitions from the custom filename . 
  if neither of these works then you 're probably out of luck . 
  that 's just it : the only reason he `` violated '' the terms of his parole , was because he got charged with armed assault . 
  not found guilty , not even plead guilty , simply charged . 
  if he had not been charged with the new crime , in which he was found not guilty , he would not be in prison . 
  it essentially means judges and prosecutors can retract a parole sentence over completely bogus charges and there 's nothing a defendant can do about it . 
  fun fact : while most statistics lump `` high school education or less '' into a single group that is republican-leaning on average , the `` less than high school education '' demographic is actually overwhelmingly democrat-leaning . 
  and muslims in fact *** still *** have slaves . 
  since you did n't get what he was joking about :, 
  `` got scarred '' - received a scar from an injury, 
  `` got scared '' - became afraid, 
  just a typo . 
  one rare edge case is where i 'd colonize a small gaia planet to make the spiritualist faction happy , if i do n't have any larger gaia planets available ( either flat out none , or because the large world would piss off the nearby fe ) . 
  i find it unlikely that assange would risk leaking seth rich 's identity to kim . 
  assange and wikileaks have too much reputation at stake to release sources to anyone . 
  especially to someone who has a reputation for attention-trolling . 
  if kim got the identity , or even just confirmation to an educated guess , out of wikileaks , then wikileaks has seriously screwed up . 
  because dojos are an old feature and de ca n't be bothered to touch it up with an update ? 
  but truth is still an absolute defense against libel . 
  ca n't be libel if it 's true . 
  if we 're counting ships of any size , then the phoenicians and other mediterranean naval powers of antiquity likely surpassed that . 
  while we do n't have exact records of fleet from that time , we do know that naval development has generally moved toward fewer ships with greater tonnage and technological density . 
  it is known , for instance , that octavian was left with a fleet of 700 ships after a civil war that saw a considerable amount of the roman fleet destroyed , so the romans must have had more ships prior to the civil war . 
  in addition , the ships of greece , then part of the roman empire , were not included in that 700 count . 
  and then consider that even with their own ships and those drafted from the greeks , the roman empire was never the dominant naval power on the mediterranean . 
  [ from the mouth of obama ] ( https://i1.wp.com/www.bookwormroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/assault-weapons.jpg ), 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  turning fascist , each of the three baltic states can easily eat the other two before the soviet ultimatum breaks out . 
  doubling the manpower you get from the non-cores might be just that bit extra reserve of manpower you need to exploit german support and get enormous war score before you run out of manpower and have to let germany do the rest of the job . 
  also , adding license building is an enormous gamechanger for the baltics , so there 's that . 
  would n't be surprised if this became possible , actually . 
  the shroud already lets you to ( briefly ) become what is effectively a crisis enemy for everyone else . 
  sweden lost finland in the ~ ~ great northern war ~ ~ the finnish war , which was still nearly 60 years before the franco-prussian war where the divergence happened . 
  and if russia was n't so utterly devastated , or so terribly threatening , that france and sweden denied them a place at the peace table , a lot of things are possible . 
  possibly , sweden decided denying the livonian ports to russia and securing the southern baltic sea was more important than taking back finland ? 
  ca n't tell from the map if aland ( the islands between finland and sweden ) are swedish or russian . 
  edit : apparently , i 'm remembering my history completely wrong . 
  still , the point remains sweden lost finland well before the franco-prussian war , and livonia ( on op 's map ) was one of the regions where the russian empire had been focusing its ' industrial development effort prior to the war . 
  of particular note is the russian construction of ports and military facilities on the south-western coast of the baltic sea , prior to which it was fairly easy to force the baltic fleet to bottle up in the gulf of finland ( which contained the major military ports of st. petersburg , kronstadt , reval and helsingfors ) . 
  i almost missed the thin mint and hentaibots in the back . 
  yep , definitely fucked . 
  ca n't even camp effectively once that mess gets alerted . 
  ran across [ this ] ( https://www.vox.com/2016/4/21/11451378/smug-american-liberalism ) rather enlightening article yesterday . 
  it 's over a year old , from the days of the primaries , but it explains rather well the reasons why `` dumb hillbillies '' and `` smug liberal elites '' keep polarizing further away from each other , while remaining oblivious to their own echo chambers . 
  long read , though , so fix your attention span and read it through all the way instead of getting offended two paragraphs in and coming back here to argue it 's bullshit . 
  convict labor . 
  which was totally not slavery , even in countries where regular slavery had been banned . 
  and this remains so in a large number of countries : forced prison labor is very often specifically exempted in laws that define slavery as forced labor and ban it . 
  nah , it basically means you pay 0 % corporate income tax as long as you 're reinvesting profits back into the company to expand . 
  paying out dividends to a parent company is still taxed , and there has been some crackdown ( or at least loud talk about crackdown ) on using loopholes to frame money exiting a company to its ' parent as something other than a dividend payment . 
  it was reasonably transparent . 
  besides , almost all the heavy industries in estonia were functionally worthless after the soviets left , because they depended on subsidized imports from russia to be profitable . 
  in addition , those industries generally produced obsolete junk that only the russian market actually wanted , or prefabs components that only russian and ukrainian factories had the rest of the kit for . 
  without the soviet regime subsidizing them , these industries were abandoned in favor of moving toward a service economy and trying to become an early adopter of some niche technologies . 
  ending economic dependence on russia was a major national security goal for estonia in the 90s and early 2000s . 
  only the shale mining remains of soviet heavy industry , and since the fossil fuel was ( and remains ) the key to estonia 's energy independence , it remained nationalized as a strategic industry . 
  yes , that is how it works . 
  money is money in estonia . 
  you 're not taxed simply for having money , regardless of whether you 're a corporation or an individual . 
  a large amount of what space marines do in their downtime is training , yes . 
  they also perform various religious and indoctrination rites to reinforce their fanatical resolve . 
  they usually do n't maintain their own weapons , unless they 're a chapter specifically renowned for nearly every marine being some degree of weaponsmith ( such as the salamanders ) . 
  they have serfs and mechanicus allies on their fleets and bases for that . 
  they are also involved with imperial politics , even if they generally maintain an appearance of being above such politics . 
  generally , though , it 's the high-ranking space marines involved in this political favor-trading : chapter masters , captains , librarians , etc. 
  normal squad members are typically isolated from politics by their superiors , until circumstances dictate that they are n't . 
  as an example : although inquisitors technically have the right to command the deployment of any imperial military formation , including astartes chapters and companies , the reality is the space marines are smart and powerful enough that inquisitors politely * request * deployments from chapter masters , instead of demanding them . 
  because if the space marines say the inquisitor joined the battle alongside them against the enemy of the day and then got himself killed , nobody is going to call out the astartes about why the brash and insolent inquisitor seems to have been shot in the back . 
  more on politics in a little bit ; i also recommend the gm sections of the deathwatch rp books for more information about this . 
  the reaction to enemies depends very much on the circumstances , as well as the characters involved . 
  truces and temporary alliances against a greater threat have worked out with eldar and tau . 
  notably pragmatic and shrewd astartes , which veteran figures may very well be , if they 've survived as long as they have , might try to take advantage of different kinds of enemies fighting each other , holding back until the enemies are weakened from fighting each other .
