  the only worst case scenario that can realistically happen with estonian e-elections is this : the voting authority detects unusual patterns in voting data , such as a large number of votes originating from a single ip , which suggest the online voting is being tampered with . 
  in response , the voting authority publicly announces that something is wrong with the e-elections and instructs the voters to go and vote in person at the polling station . 
  there are always small-scale frauds or even just counting mistakes in ballot elections . 
  and to be perfectly honest , elections ( nor any part of it ) should ever be trusted to a private company of any kind . 
  it should be entirely run by an apolitical government agency . 
  although , in the us there are several major obstacles to implementing a system similar to the one in estonia . 
  the most obvious being the lack of unified government databases required for secure identification . 
  you 're wrong there , though . 
  modern dump trucks are a lot larger and with a much heavier ( more durable ) construction than trucks from the ww2 era . 
  also , the `` 2\u00a01/2 ton '' refers to the weight of the truck itself , not including cargo . 
  similar to how interwar and early-ww2 tanks were often unimaginatively named after their tonnage . 
  that does sound like a reasonable explanation . 
  and that m35 definitely looks heavier than 2 1/2 tons . 
  not really . 
  i mean , yes , if you know what you 're doing to begin with , that 's exactly what you should do in a tiger i or ii to have great games . 
  but if you 're not quite experienced enough to correctly read the flow of battle and figure out the right positioning , you just end up losing money playing the tiger i and especially the tiger ii . 
  back when i was a tiger ii newbie , tiger ii was a massive money sink , i was consistently losing money in my games , even when i was on the winning team . 
  on the other hand , if you do n't know how to play them right from the start , then sniping in a tiger i or ii is not a terrible conclusion from looking at their stats . 
  their armor can regularly bounce long range shots , but is too weak to be reliable in a brawl . 
  meanwhile , they also have accuracy and good/ok penetration for their tier with the long-88 gun , meaning they can overcome the long-range pen drop better than other heavies of their tier . 
  and most importantly , you 'll be making a consistent ( if mediocre ) profit as long as your team wins . 
  no , i 'm pointing out with the tiger i and ii , the game punishes a player for trying to play them as heavy tanks and not succeeding . 
  meanwhile , it punishes the player a lot less for sniping in them . 
  for a newbie player who rushes through the tech tree to get the tiger because it 's the tiger , the game can easily give the false impression that the tiger should be played as a sniper . 
  ~ ~ 3k ~ ~ 4k battles , 51 % winrate . 
  looking to get into lt gameplay and i could definitely use help figuring out good positions and tactics for the various maps . 
  [ noobmeter ] ( http://www.noobmeter.com/player/eu/martenz05/503827658 ), 
  there is a significant difference , though . 
  traditional magic in tes is different from tonal effects because tonal effects do not directly use the magical energy from aetherius . 
  because no magicka is involved , tonal effects do not count as magic in-universe . 
  it could be compared to the difference between magic and psionics . 
  the dwemer were not simply more scientific about the same `` magic '' that most others in the tes universe used . 
  it 's less now , because a significant part of that 7,44 million were russian colonists , many of whom went back to russia after the union collapsed . 
  then again , those russians were also highly unlikely to join the baltic chain . 
  note that this only applies with long war , which the op did not mention . 
  with the vanilla 4-man squad , it 's a much more daunting task . 
  ca n't help but notice estonia big . 
  though it 's probably more common that they are so dumb they will continue to corner camp and leave you to push alone . 
  essentially , it means you 're allowed to give documents a legally binding signature without having to physically come to estonia . 
  it 's only particularly useful for foreigners who have or intend to create a business in estonia , because it means they do n't have to employ authorized local representatives just to get the basic bureaucracy of setting up a company done . 
  the idea of lp is definitely a cool one , thanks for linking it on r/dnd . 
  most importantly , the mechanic itself is something that can be worked into lore as well . 
  `` myth '' as a source of power for ancient , mythical creatures . 
  and i already have an idea to extend the mechanic to other creatures as well . 
  dragons being the pinnacle of mythic power , being inherently mythical as a species , whereas other creatures who must achieve their myth completely on individual merits . 
  while this is n't obvious because of the speed of the quicksword , i 'd speculate the difference in clare 's control would exhibit as predictability . 
  while clare can make the same amount of swings in a second , and have the same strength behind them as irene , the direction and angles of the swings could be more predictable than irene 's . 
  especially since clare did not actually practice the quicksword ( because of its ' use of yoki ) in the seven years of training in the north . 
  their code is actually pretty good , making visibility checking more realistic basically means adding more visibility checkpoints . 
  the problem is server strain . 
  more points to check means more operations for each vehicle in every game . 
  covering the entire surface of each tank in these checkpoints would choke the servers to death with handling all the simultaneous visibility checks across all games being played on any given servers . 
  and visibility checks are already the biggest strain on those servers , not movement physics or shot physics . 
  i also think you 're misunderstanding the visibility mechanics linked by sirflipper . 
  the picture with red dots is sources of visibility : the two spots on your tank from which the lines for line of sight start from . 
  the picture below that one , with blue dots , shows the `` destination dots '' . 
  if a line can be drawn from a red dot on your tank to a blue dot on the enemy tank , you spot the enemy tank . 
  * liberators * only stops you from pressing the `` activate gollop chamber '' button . 
  you still win by taking down the temple ship , even if you lose countries after activating the chamber . 
  wo n't stop tanks , sure , but it could prevent another eston kohver incident . 
  also because of the cameras , there would be solid evidence of any illegal crossings , if russia tried to sneak little green men over the border to support `` separatists '' . 
  liking claymore does n't mean you have to like berserk , though . 
  i looked into it because lots of people recommended it , but quickly realized it was n't really my thing . 
  that little pixie thing was pretty obvious comic relief , and in my opinion comic relief does n't really fit in with a storyline as dark as berserk . 
  hm , that 's true . 
  but even so , helen never felt out of place the way that pixie did . 
  and the chestplate might be armor by the look of it . 
  would like pillars of eternity , because it 's a good crpg . 
  games like that are damn rare these days . 
  a very well thought-out explanation , but there is a significant part you 're missing : teresa is not a typical arrogant badass to begin with . 
  it 's explained in the later volumes of the manga how the yoki of a warrior is more powerful the more strongly the warrior hates and despises yoma . 
  however , they are themselves half-yoma as well . 
  the org actively indoctrinates this subtle , subconscious self-loathing into its ' warriors to have them [ be more powerful as awakened beings ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  in this , teresa is no exception . 
  she has cultivated an inhumanly arrogant and merciless personality , because she believes that is what she should be as a claymore : something inhuman . 
  the powerful scene where teresa hugs clare , crying , is not a cliche `` stoic feels loved for the first time '' scene . 
  it is teresa 's realization that she is , despite everything , still human and there is no reason to suppress her human emotions . 
  do n't dragonbone weapons have an inherent 20 % speed buff compared to heavy metal weapons ? 
  way more than dozens , i 'd say , if you count people who allow themselves to ride with carriages . 
  / r/skyrimrequiem has almost 1700 something subs , and that mod disables fast travel by default . 
  nope , the dictionaries actually gave up and surrendered to stupid . 
  the words ` literally ' and ` figuratively ' are now synonyms . 
  no , it 's fermented . 
  only icelandic h\u00e1karl is truly rotten . 
  it depends a lot on the country , though . 
  there have been monarchs and popes that called themselves `` the first '' during their own reign . 
  / u/cfvh gave a couple of examples [ elsewhere in the thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/3jcc08/are_kings_queens_popes_etc_identified_as_the/cuo393g ) . 
  it forces you to find a place to store your surplus gold in between dungeon runs . 
  it 's quite awesome to `` take over '' a bandit camp or a dungeon after clearing it out , which is something i never did before requiem . 
  only wooden bows break . 
  try and find an orcish or elven bow somewhere . 
  until then , just play cautiously . 
  archer playstyle is all about never getting hit in melee . 
  he finally snapped because estonia is so crap behind all the shiny internet stuffs . 
  have to agree with this . 
  miria might win , if she opens up with that `` phantom charge '' technique she used against hysteria , but even then clare has a good chance of seeing that coming and evading . 
  clare might have less raw power , but she is specialized entirely to fighting opponents with a high yoki release . 
  and if miria restrains her yoki , then clare can overwhelm her with the flash sword . 
  steel is still considered wooden . 
  just look at the crossbow : only the arms are steel .
