  they 're not going to try and cover it up in that phase . 
  they 're going to rush it through the legislative branch in the absolute shortest time legally allowed , so they do n't have to spend too much money on the brief surge of censorship and smear campaigns against the critics . 
  yay !, 
  i knew there was a reason i did n't cancel the subscription after the updates seemingly stopped . 
  did n't they push through that bill ( or its ' equivalent ) in the us by including its ' entire text as a rider in some completely unrelated bill ? 
  and having 999999 oil/supplies at all times , while frontline units were out of supply , was realistic in hoi3 ? 
  did you try using np.reddit.com as the domain ? 
  that 's the `` no-praticipation '' version of reddit and bots usually allow linking reddit threads through the np-version of the site . 
  it 's definitely sending more than win7 , and it 's far more intrusive when doing so . 
  master of magic , master of orion 2 , panzer general , commander keen series ... 
  it 's been a while since my last nostalgia bender i 'm afraid . 
  i do n't even remember the good stuff anymore . 
  darklands is also a must-have . 
  to be clear , `` does not feel an affiliation ... '' is not only atheists . 
  the category includes generic vaguely paganist spiritualism , which is sadly all too common here . 
  exactly . 
  the absolute numbers of a defense budget are meaningless , if most of it is going into various corruption schemes . 
  from the size of canada 's armed forces , i 'm guessing only 1-2 billion of their 18bn is going into actual defense capabilities . 
  the rest is just going into the pockets of the defense contractors and the bureaucrats responsible for choosing which defense contractors get a share of this pie . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , that 's an argument toward criminalizing tobacco and alcohol as well . 
  the only reason alcohol has the `` it 's a tradition '' argument is because fermentation was a reliable , cheap method of poisoning dangerous bacteria out of freshwater in the middle ages . 
  we 've had superior methods of purifying mass quantities of water since the industrial revolution , but alcohol is still a thing because the addicts and manufacturers use the `` tradition '' argument to defend its ' continued legality . 
  the estonian version of irreligious spiritualism does definitely have paganist notes , which it probably does n't in the us or in western europe . 
  the neo-pagans here have successfully established the idea that if an estonian is opposed to christian traditions or organized religion as such , then they ought to look for their spiritual roots in the pre-christian paganist culture . 
  precision fire . 
  pin-point accuracy for a brief period ( 2-4 shots , depending on reload times ) , canceled instantly on hull movement . 
  long enough cooldown that tds would lose out on damage if they only popped out to fire shots while they can use the ability . 
  perhaps i am , but there 's enough of an audience for the opinion pieces and advice columns of fortune tellers and soothsayers , that even reputable local news agencies are willing to report on them . 
  if there were no clicks to be had on that kind of content , then the news would n't bother with it . 
  do you know if 32bit and 64bit systems generating different universes was also fixed ? 
  most unique or special armor sets you receive as a quest reward are not leveled . 
  nightingale armor , shield of solitude and mage 's circlet are the only unique leveled armor items that you receive as a quest reward . 
  the db armor set is always just as powerful , whether you get it at level 5 or at level 50 . 
  it 's possible to get a more powerful version of the db armor at a certain point in the db questline , through a side quest . 
  leveled quest rewards are typically generic items , such as when you deliver the message from riverwood to jarl balgruuf , you get steel armor at lower levels , or orcish at higher levels . 
  there 's a list of unique leveled items [ here ] ( http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/leveled_items_%28skyrim%29 ) . 
  most of them are found in the world without having a quest npc rewarding them to you . 
  do n't worry about the former . 
  the fact that you even care about it makes you better father material that a significant amount of actual fathers . 
  if you 're seeing the packets flying around , make sure you 've got a receiving mass driver on earth . 
  you only need one . 
  a mass driver can receive infinite amounts of resources . 
  only sending is limited . 
  ukraine was already recognized as a sovereign nation by that point . 
  they gave the nukes up to get additional paper guarantees the us and russia would n't interfere in their internal affairs or attempt to change borders by force . 
  in particular , russia promised it would n't try to reclaim crimea , in exchange for ukraine giving up the nukes . 
  another motive of giving up the nukes was that ukraine knew they did n't have the financial or technological resources to keep the nukes and delivery systems in working order , so the treaty was basically ukraine using the nukes as leverage while they were still operational . 
  it 's been a while for me as well . 
  not sure about the certain person , but i do know it 's possible to progress to the end of the db questline without paying a visit to the person who gives you the location of the better armor . 
  if anything , the new physics are way too forgiving of dumbass maneuvers that would completely wreck tanks of that era . 
  realistically , you 'd lose a lot more than just the tracks from a gravity-assisted collision with the ground . 
  crew , turret ring , mirrors and lenses inside viewports , engine ... 
  i think the only component that is n't affected too hard by that much jostling is the fuel tank . 
   or things actually blowing up at the end of the time . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen exactly that happen , when i happened to be approaching one of the containers just as the timer ran out . 
  large crowded cities are a thing on both sides of the gate . 
  we 've also seen earth animals like horses existing on the other side of the gate , so it 's likely the diseases are the same , or at least similar enough that the immune systems of both the japanese and imperials can resist diseases from the other side . 
  also , magic . 
  and [ spoilers ] ( / s `` there 's also the part where people migrating through the gate to populate the special region is a part of the special region 's gods ' scheme so the gods are probably fiddling with things to prevent disasters like plagues coming through the gate into the special region . 
  or having new immigrants be scared off by being infected by disease in the sr right off the bat . '' ), 
  zorzal , definitely . 
  tyuule might be crazy and evil , but it was zorzal who drove her to that point . 
  oh she 's definitely crazy . 
  her plan to destroy the empire is a result of her broken psyche . 
  she gave herself to zorzal as a slave in exchange for sparing the bunny warriors , and then zorzal attacked them anyway . 
  tyuule , not being an idiot like zorzal , found out and that 's what drove her crazy like that . 
  as cool as that picture is , i ca n't get over how horribly impractical that gun is . 
  that is not how scopes work . 
  that is not how stocks work . 
  that is not how suppressors work . 
  that is not how any of this works . 
  first , what crossbow are you using ? 
  if it 's a heavy crossbow , then something has probably glitched out . 
  second : post ye load order . 
  crossbows should not be faster to reload than bows . 
  unless you 're cheating and using the switch weapons exploit for instant xbow reload . 
  i 'm guessing that was back when the sub was small enough that they could just not take it seriously ? 
  let 's hope they do n't reverse stance as the sub continues to grow . 
  yes , using res to turn off subreddit css re-enables the downvote button . 
  the beach strat is strange , actually . 
  in my experience , pushing beach hard with bottom tier heavies turns out really well about 50 % of the time . 
  it depends mostly on the top heavies not playing too aggressively up top , while the beach is being pushed through . 
  the other part of this problem is : where else should bottom tier heavies go on overlord , anyway ? 
  in the center , they get kicked in the face by top tier heavies and tds . 
  on the east , they wipe against top tier meds with troll turrets . 
  making the beach the most logical choice by elimination . 
  does this also mean he can never ricochet ? 
  meaning strategies like sidescraping do n't work against he derpguns ? 
  specifically , the ribbon means you get the xp reward for having spotted that enemy tank before anyone else on your team . 
  the ribbon does n't show up if you spot an enemy someone else on your team already spotted earlier . 
  tier 4 . 
  i immediately remember my slog through the d.w. 2 . 
  either you spend a fortune to only load gold , or you grind through the tank with free xp and getting 100xp every match because regular ammo ca n't pen shit even if you manage to hit something with the horrible accuracy , bloom rate and aim time . 
  my first suggestion to you is this : do n't play the german tanks as a new player . 
  the tanks in the german tech tree in general are the hardest and most unforgiving tanks to play , since they lack synergy in their features . 
  choose the russian or american tech tree instead . 
  russian tanks have good front armor and their poor accuracy does n't matter at close range . 
  americans combine strong turret armor with good gun depression , allowing easy shots over ridgelines . 
  but if you 're determined , then look for youtube videos on sidescraping . 
  until you get to tier 9 , german heavies are heavies in name and speed only .
