  the problem is , she only started claiming these `` revelations '' after she fell out of favor with the party leadership . 
  before that , she was perfectly content to be every bit as corrupt as the senior party members . 
  you 're most likely right . 
  the last time i actually paid serious attention to the affair was when she fled to the uk . 
  it 's entirely possible i 'm misremembering the timeline of the events . 
   this sounds like it 's coming from her london boyfriend . 
  i checked . 
  surprisingly , it 's not . 
  unless her london boyfriend is writing under a pseudonym , which i did n't check for . 
  after several days of searching the endless plane of elemental flame , you have finally found the landmark described in the tome . 
  a humanoid figure trapped in a strange cage . 
  religion 30 - looking at the caged figure , you recognize it as one of the greatest and most obscure of divine mysteries : a hollow god . 
  neither alive , nor dead , nor unliving , at least one hollow god is known to exist in each of the elemental planes . 
  these strange beings are believed to possess power comparable to lesser deities , while lacking even the most basic consciousness and awareness of the world around them . 
  the harsh journey and frequent encounters with wild elementals were challenges in themselves , but your party now faces the final obstacles . 
  pits of lava dot the landscape around the cage , occasionally erupting and spewing out lava immediately around them . 
  a small stream of boiling acid flows past the elevated cage , forming a shallow , but wide pool around it . 
  finally , thin strands of a strange black material bind the hollow god to its ' cage . 
  but , you have little choice . 
  the ritual to undo the apocalyptic damage caused by asmodeus ' invasion requires a sacrifice . 
  and there is no doubt this is the sacrifice described in the eldritch tome that led you this far . 
  i 've resolved this with this houserule : if a character rolls a nat 1 , or fails by more than five when searching for traps , they accidentally trigger a/the hidden trap . 
  there 's a negative consequence , so taking twenty is not allowed anymore . 
  it also changes metagame a bit , if they roll really low and do n't accidentally trigger the trap , then it 's possible there is no trap . 
  but it 's also possible they rolled just high enough not to fail by more than 5 . 
  orcs/hurnas or tetike/jotus are a must for broken lords , especially in the early game . 
  not having a good ranged attack unit is painful , especially if the terrain is forcing your own units into a chokepoint . 
  derp at-2 makes for a surprisingly good pseudo-arty at long range . 
  it 's not important if the enemy is hull down behind a low rock , as long as you can see enough of their tank at long range to adtivate their outline , you can often arc your shot over the rock and hit their top armor . 
  the automatic firing arc adjustment is great for low-velocity guns like that . 
   more bastards than they can count . 
  pun intentional ? 
  or am i just the only one who likes to give titles to unlegitimized bastards . 
  creating a rebel faction in the realm is not an intrigue action . 
  a vassal that absolutely despises you will most likely create a faction at some point . 
  as you piss off other vassals , they will join existing factions . 
  it 's a whole separate system available to vassals , distinct from actual assassination plots and such . 
   sorry non-us residents !, 
  maybe another giveaway in the future !, 
  damn . 
  oh well , hopefulle in the future . 
  ice wraith summon is an odd one , but it can be quite good against things that do n't have frost resistance . 
  it 's a glass cannon , but quite powerful against stamina-dependent enemies . 
  the trick is in summoning it so that enemies continue to aggro on you , and not the wraith you summoned . 
  yeah . . and i 'm all the way in the eu , so that would probably be even more expensive . 
  it can be construed as censorship : `` that blog is criticizing our company , let 's throttle their connection so our customers time out if they try to look at it . '', 
  as far as i am aware , the leopard 2 is considered only slightly better than the m1 in general . 
  the main difference in performance is that the leo 2 is believed to be better suited for european climate and terrain than the m1 . 
  the m1 , on the other hand , is considered to be a much better tank for arid climate conditions , such as the middle east and the western half of the us . 
  that 's the big one , yes . 
  although the suspension and tracks are a factor as well , i believe ( esp . 
  moisture fatigue vs sand/dust fatigue ) . 
  hmm . . that 's true . 
  no lend-lease from ` murica to give the russians tanks , fuel , uniforms and food this time . 
  marginally , perhaps , but the armor is n't the main point of main battle tanks ( m1 , leo 2 ... and almost every other modern tank ) , the main point is firepower and mobility . 
  the armor of mbts is only meant to protect against hesh and heat rounds , and against anti-tank missiles . 
  against a modern penetrator round ( apfs ) , it 's still at a disadvantage . 
  your list of revolutionary comrades , you mean ? 
  do you know what the hell the teutonic order is doing all the way in northern france ? 
  the discrepancy checks out , though . 
  it turned blue from me when i reduced monitor brightness . 
  it 's just a monitor thing . 
  the agenda being `` i need more useless internet points '' . 
  nope , the czars and the nobility beneath them were just as corrupt as modern russian rulers . 
  i think you 'll find this helpful next time : [ formatting help ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting#wiki_links_with_special_characters ), 
  you think original ` lids were bastards ? 
  i dunno , i do sometimes fondly look back to ` lids that did n't have lightning reflexes . 
  first , a minor nitpick : the word for tracking rockets is ` missiles ' . 
  as for the costs of missiles , they 're surprisingly not in the millions . 
  most infantry-launched missiles cost less than $ 1000 , plus the cost of the launcher itself ( which is less than $ 5000 ) . 
  only the really big stuff like cruise missiles and anti-ship missiles cost more than a million ( for example : a tomahawk costs $ 1.59 m ), 
  yeah , i was wrong . 
  should 've done some more research . 
  instead , i got lazy and looked at [ eryx ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eryx ) , which is $ 356 a shot , $ 1660 for a launcher , and still a guided missile . 
  should n't have extrapolated that to atgms in general . 
  some of them are ; mostly i was wrong . 
  asking around the village about the ruins , the locals are clearly unimpressed by your quest . 
  many have sought to claim the riches of the `` stone elves '' that built the walled compound . 
  only a handful have returned , and only one in living memory . 
  the bartender of your inn eventually directs you to one of the regular patrons : a lean , roguish woman with an eyepatch covering her left eye and a hook replacing her right hand . 
  her greying hair and deep-set wrinkles suggest a venerable age , though the lean muscle still visible on her exposed arms and legs also hint that the grey hair might not simple be from age alone . 
  `` a rather diverse group of well-armed individuals with an adventurous glint in your eyes , are n't you ? 
  must be another band of fools trying to take on the guardian '' the woman addresses you with a hint of gallows humor in her voice . 
  `` well , i suppose it 'd be some consolation if you actually managed to kill the fiend . 
  so i 'll tell you my tale , of how me and my mates went in and what we saw . 
  `` up front , i 'll say i never got a good look at what was stalking us in those ruins from the moment we entered . 
  the most i saw was a glimpse of black , about two or three heads taller than myself . '', 
  taking a measure of the woman with your eyes , you figure she 's just about average height for a human woman . 
  certainly taller than five feet , certainly shorter than six . 
  `` the fiend was ... efficient , at stalking us . 
  it made its ' presence known shortly after we entered through the gates . 
  kept showing us glimpses of itself , just enough to lure us deeper . 
  the villagers had warned us of guardians inside , but our party quickly came to believe it was a single creature , using the narrow and twisting corridors to its ' advantage . 
  `` it was fast , and completely silent . 
  smart , too . 
  sarebas , our sorcerer , was the first to go down . 
  we were all getting weary of the creature taunting us and rushed after it when it showed itself . 
  by the time the three of us realized we 'd lost the fiend , we heard a scream behind us , sarebas had lagged behind . 
  the creature had ambushed him and threw him on top of a pressure plate . 
  poison darts from the ceiling .
