  yeah . 
  accident attrition on air superiority is horrible , because superiority missions keep flying out and get subjected to takeoff accident rng even if there 's nothing to actually fight . 
  meanwhile , interception missions only leave ( and thus only make takeoff accident rolls ) when there 's something to intercept and engage . 
  nah , he 's probably one of the escort planes for the real heroes , preventing them from being shot down before reaching the target . 
  not that he does n't say he has n't * done * anything illegal for those three years in that position . 
  only that he has n't been * asked * or * pressured * to do anything illegal . 
  well damn . 
  i was hoping trump could use the bullshit liberals built to fund the wall before presenting mexico with the invoices . 
  and liberals would screech and screech at how this is illegal , and then we could shove it in their faces how they were silent when obama did the same thing . 
  but this is good too , a closed loophole . 
  swamp closer to the drain . 
  slaves . 
  black slaves . 
  let 's call it what it is . 
  the 13th amendment bans slavery and in doing so specifically recognizes forced prison labor as a form of slavery that needs a special exception in order to continue in the light of the amendment . 
  not helped by how many mods turn off fast travel in the name of immresion . 
  and it 's a good decision to do so . 
  you miss so many interesting random encounters if you just fast travel everywhere . 
  and in fallout 4 , it 's really quite exciting to suddenly have to stop what you were doing and seek shelter because of a rad storm . 
  not with circular orbits , no . 
  for an outer planet to overtake an inner planet , the `` outer '' planet needs to have an orbit so elliptical that it crosses over the orbit of the `` inner '' planet , such that the `` outer '' planet is temporarily closer to the star ( and thus has higher velocity ) than the `` inner '' planet . 
  also, 
  please stand by for an updated script . 
  what 's the purpose of that fluting ? 
  weight reduction ? 
  barrel cooling ? 
  she had that tomboy charm , true . 
  but she was kind of an idiot to trust slade when she refused to trust bb or the team . 
  and she turned into a total manipulative bitch . 
  and in a totally hypocritical move : she turned back to the good guys ' side only after realizing slade had manipulated her trust every bit as much as she had manipulated the titans ' trust . 
  hmm , this reminds me a lot of the artstyle of norihiro yagi 's claymore . 
  and makes me think of how awesome a claymore/nier crossover would be . 
  they did n't have the military factories to spare for making planes . 
  nor the civilian factories to import aluminum , oil and rubber for them . 
  should n't take that long . 
  possibly you had a typo or something that confused the bot so it did n't do anything . 
  yeah . 
  model dies too easily for how expensive it is ? 
  just give it more wounds !, 
  power creep in action , pretty much . 
  [ that video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ) does imply the existence of such a class . 
  what went `` wrong '' here , is that the political machinations of `` democracy '' put in place to ensure a chosen unpopular candidate wins , failed the democrats and the uniparty by extension . 
  the controlled opposition of the republicans was not intended to take the baton away from the clintons . 
  and now the `` deep state '' , permanent keys to the government who manage to stay in power from administration to administration , are trying to correct this anomaly before they are replaced with other , more loyal keys . 
  do n't worry , it was not . 
  it was a regular exercise photo shoot by nato , then the russian af came in and photobombed . 
  sadly , not really . 
  you 'll have to build the infrastructure from scratch ( expensive investment up front ) . 
  these are sparsely populated areas , so even if you control 100 % of the market share , it still amounts to fewer total customers on that infrastructure than any cheap-to-build urban infrastructure . 
  so to get any kind of roi , you either need enormous pricing ( meaning the dial-up remains competitive despite your great speeds ) , or price it reasonably and hope that your company can survive for 30 years of slowly crawling out of the red . 
  tl ; dr it would be charity work at a loss , not a business opportunity . 
   not least because one may one to think twice before trusting that the third-party country 's intelligence agencies will , in practice , not spy on or interfere with the data if they could from a legal ( foreign country 's national intelligence law ) and operational perspective . 
  this is likely one of the reasons a micronation like luxembourg was chosen : much of their gdp depends on such trust-based services , and a breach of that trust would heavily impact not just other `` data embassies '' if they are established , but also their banking sector for instance . 
   of course , exposing oneself to that possibility may be preferred over exposing oneself to the scenario of disruption of basic government functions as result of digital attack/sabotage , infosar an out-of-country backup is deemed necessary . 
  while not openly advertised , another aspect of security here is a physically distant , secure backup of this data for purposes of establishing a government-in-exile in a scenario where a russian invasion occupies of estonian territory and takes control of the primary servers in estonia . 
  unlikely to happen . 
  one of the reasons green men would have a hard time in the baltics is because baltic gdp/capita are comparable to russia . 
  and the rich parts of russia are the big cities like moscow and st.p bringing up the average . 
  the border area periphery is a total shithole compared to life on the baltic side of the border . 
  and the local russians know it . 
  not to mention the baltics have generally phased out soviet equipment in favor of nato stuff for compatibility . 
  so it 's not really plausible for the green men to suddenly have `` liberated '' big stockpiles of russian t-models and btrs . 
  there 's far less plausible deniability for the russians to send and equip the green men . 
  just as the us triggered article 5 in response to a terrorist attack , the baltic states can trigger it in response to a terrorist grouping that russia insists is not their troops . 
  at which point russia will either see the initial group get crushed by polish reinforcements , get caught sending reinforcements , or get caught attacking the suwalki corridor to prevent polish reinforcements . 
  besides , it 's not like nato lacks reconnaisance and intelligence assets capable of observing buildup across the border . 
  any military formation big enough to overwhelm the baltics too quickly for the polish to respond , is too big to not get caught as a blatant border crossing from russia . 
  there just is n't enough room for russia to maintain plausible deniability . 
  in other words , you find that it 's fine that communities voluntarily empower to their own courts , and follow their own sets of laws within those communities ? 
  in violation of the general law of the land and constitutional processes ? 
  laws which in many instances are far harsher than the actual laws of the land , and often include violent sentences that are criminal under the actual state law ? 
  they 're setting up parallel societies that do n't permit lawful authority to interfere in what they consider to be affairs of their community . 
  thus implying they consider their laws separate and superior to that which applies to the rest of the country , like a grouping of separatist rebels having a stronghold where the regular law enforcement does n't actually have the presence and strength to enforce the common law . 
  i find this whole situation intolerable , and thus would certainly march demanding action from the government to end such enclaves . 
  you do realize it was because the rnc regulations did n't allow him to debate sanders unless sanders became the dnc nominee ? 
  i can at least respect trump for adhering to the agreements of the rnc primary , while i ca n't say the same for hillary and the dnc . 
  the dnc is now arguing in court that the unfair treatment of bernie in the primary was not fraudulent and manipulative toward people making donations to bernie under the impression that he had a fair chance . 
  because according to their lawyers , the dnc would 've been [ within its ' rights ] ( https://medium.com/@caityjohnstone/dnc-shatters-the-illusion-of-american-democracy-in-order-to-keep-peoples-27-bucks-eaccc01ad3bd ) to just go back on convention results altogether and decide clinton was the candidate while smoking cigars in a back room even if bernie had actually `` won '' the democrat primary vote . 
  except it 's not just that : people in muslim communities willingly go to see such `` councils '' of three men in a house , and those councils have the social clout to enforce sentences within their community , even if those sentences go counter to real laws . 
  that power is real , even if it is not lawful . 
  denying that there is a problem , and saying their honor killings , honor rapes and genital mutilation are `` statistically insignificant '' is not a solution . 
  radicals with the backbone to turn to violence have a tendency to take over such insular societies , and force moderates to toe their line . 
  thus such refusal to assimilate into society and insistence to instead have a self-contained parallel society ca n't be tolerated . 
  even if these parallel societies are moderate today , there will never be guarantee that they will remain moderate in the future . 
  and yet no jewish , christian or other `` old-fashioned '' religious group makes headlines with unlawful violent sentencing . 
  it 's entirely disingenuous to compare social shunning by a religious group to being raped , disfigured or even murdered for breaching religious laws or trying to leave the group . 
  you are utterly wrong about the impossibility and futility of crackdowns . 
  with systemic and consistent deportation and arrests of people supporting and participating in these unlawful courts , they will go so far underground that they will be incapable of actually enforcing their alternative legal space . 
  if they 're driven far enough underground , they stop being the social issue they currently are . 
  possibly airtight seals without life support mechanisms to sustain atmosphere composition for extended periods ( or in the event of a breached seal ) ? 
  impractical or not , the alternative is accepting that enough criminals breaking a law means the law needs to be removed . 
  by that logic , it would mean legalizing rape once it becomes too impractical to convict and deport all the immigrants still practicing their home country 's ways of achieving sexual satisfaction . 
  which , unfortunately , is exactly what is happening in europe and should be avoided at all costs in america . 
  thus our opposition to `` smaller '' preludes to systemic unlawful behavior , like tolerating the existence of unofficial `` sharia courts '' . 
  the problem as i see it is not a lack of legislation , but a perceived lack of enforcement . 
  i 'm not advocating for additional legislation , merely that the law enforcement adjusts its ' priorities to focus on those violations . 
  and that they be more public and transparent about enforcing these laws , rather than trying to deal with the issue discreetly , because the truth would hurt some ideological narrative about multiculturalism and tolerance . 
  this is also a reason to march . 
  a perceived lack of enforcement is also something that needs to be dealt with , as inaccurate perceptions and poor public communication can inspire helplessness in victims and vigilantism . 
  while i 'm not suggesting they look the other way if such decisions happens , i am certainly suggesting law enforcement does n't do enough to actually keep an eye on the risk group to prevent such decisions from being enforced in the first place .
