  lasers permanently burn it off until they expose the internals underneath . 
  given that lasers are also lightspeed beams , it 's also easier to hit the same areas over and over with them . 
  as for adding a supply limit , you are correct that this is currently impossible . 
  you should probably also read [ this analysis ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/stellaris/comments/5e5zm3/the_missiles_are_a_lie_analysis/ ) about how fucked up missiles and pd calculations are right now . 
  a supply limit like that would probably be too difficult for the engine to handle , considering the memory and computing power needed to track it for not just player ships , but also ai ships . 
  one of the major points of pdx games is that the ai plays by the same rules as the player , which leads to a lot of ai calculation burdening the cpu . 
  adding a constant mechanical calculation like supply , and the associated ai calculations constantly checking if their ships need to resupply is a bad idea . 
  the game already lags in the later stages when fleet sizes baloon up . 
   because mengkukuo is your puppet , you cant influence what they build, 
  thankfully , the together for victory dlc expands the puppet mechanics , so you can build stuff in your puppets ' territory . 
   have 10 divisions on naval invasions ( the max at that point in the game ), 
  not quite . 
  the 10-division cap is for a single naval invasion . 
  you can have multiple 10-division invasions targeting the same port , as long as the invasion start in different ports on your end . 
  except you see imperial patrols dragging stormcloak prisoners through stormcloak holds quite often . 
  and for killing the patrol you get bounty from the sotrmcloak hold unless you rush into the midst of them and free the prisoner first . 
  basically , de has messed up the length and place of their time walls and instead of creating addiction , the walls are driving away new players . 
  it 's not . 
  i think only continuous focuses some changes to the battle planner ( except the new blitz tool ) and ai improvements come with the patch . 
  the puppet mechanics are definitely dlc content . 
  the ai can only spam ships until they run out of minerals . 
  which will happen sooner , rather than later as long as you actually take the time to destroy their mining stations instead of being greedy and hoping you 'll take the stations over for free . 
  heavy orbital bombardment destroying their planetary production also helps , even if you never occupy the planet . 
  yes , mass voter fraud in the democrats ' favor . 
  it was n't enough , so now ~ 70k democrat-aligned recounters are trying to commit fraud during the recount by removing trump votes in brief moments when nobody is looking and they can get away with defacing ballots to invalidate them . 
  just a battalion with history behind it . 
  [ kuperjanov infantry battalion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuperjanov_infantry_battalion ), 
  ( yes , i get the reference ), 
  it does n't . 
  it 's just so you feel like you 've done something about it . 
  absolutely nothing happens from the in-game reporting system . 
  bans for cheating and team damage are based on an automated system plus staff verification . 
  if you really want to report someone in a way that can actually lead to consequences for the douchebag , you have to email support and attach replays . 
  and i 'm honestly not sure which type of crazy is more disturbing . 
  i mean , sure , the imaginary demons are definitely more crazy ... but it 's obviously too crazy for anyone but the worst crackpots to truly believe . 
  the only thing they came out saying was `` it 's not impossible that it was the russians '' . 
  they have yet to show , or even claim that they have , a single shred of evidence . 
  just educated guesswork seeing a russian hand behind wikileaks . 
  an organization which was widely praised by the left for its ' journalistic integrity and commitment to freedom of information after leaking information about the bush administration . 
  and now that the left 's own dirty laundry gets aired , wikileaks is a russian puppet ? 
  i 'll put it plainly : as long as the information itself is true ( and not even the clintons have ever claimed that it is n't ) , it 's completely irrelevant whether russia was involved in the leak . 
  the fact that dnc and clinton staff wrote the things they did and then tried to avoid foia requests with a private e-mail server is criminal . 
  or are you going to argue that crime is only reprehensible if the criminal gets caught ? 
  problem is , after fleeing out of the system , an automated science ship will turn around and go try to go back in . 
  i think that 's giving the admins a bit too much credit and a benefit of doubt that they do n't deserve . 
  but yes , they are * at least * what you described them as . 
  not too much , considering there were electors from california who said they were going to pay the fine , be unfaithful and vote for trump due to the ongoing investigation of hillary 's corruption ( among other things ) . 
  if anything , i 'm expecting unfaithful electors to make it even more of a landslide for trump . 
  pirates and visitors that are off-map are n't really `` managed '' at all , beyond storing their faction allegiance and relationships . 
  when spawning a raid/visit/caravan , there is a random chance for one of the incoming pawns to be a ( randomly chosen ) relative of a colony member . 
  i 'm not quite as certain about this one , but i 'm fairly certain the game is more likely to respawn an existing relative than it is to create a new relative when it decides to send relatives to the colony . 
  oh , and i 'm fairly certain prisoners only ever get the berserk breakdown . 
  outside of going berserk , poor mood among prisoners just accelerates the time to prison break attempt . 
  not that simple . 
  there were a few frontline formations of the waffen ss that were found not guilty of any atrocities or war crimes . 
  heck , the [ estonian ss division ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss_ ( 1st_estonian \\ ) ) acted as the guards of the nazi war criminals during nuremberg trials . 
  a lot of people in eastern europe joined the ss during the german occupation as a response to soviet atrocities like the katyn massacre in poland and equivalent purges in other countries . 
  when volunteer numbers were n't high enough , the germans also drafted soldiers from occupied territories without giving the ss conscripts any say in it . 
  sure , the f-4 can go mach 2.5 in a dive , but they probably did n't in the low-altitude fight pictured in the manga . 
  if they did , they would n't have been able to pull out of the dive . 
  it 's not so much `` tracked '' as it is restrictions on spawning rules . 
  i.e , if you 're with the tribal start , then relatives are less likely to spawn within non-tribal visitor/raider groups . 
  \\* cough \\* blitz tool \\* cough \\*, 
  sure , but :, 
  a ) it 's going to be a slow process, 
  b ) britain wo n't have the continuous focus to push for integration until it completes 10 regular focuses . 
  c ) importing the puppet 's rubber for free will slow integration, 
  d ) britain will have to spend its ' own civilian factories on building up stuff in the puppet if it wants to integrate faster, 
  use mountain infantry in the north , when china is committed to the north , invade the coast with marines and follow up with motorized to create chaos in the south . 
  as for flanking maneuvers : a wide front is actually better for that than a narrow one . 
  pause , look for a province with a single infantry unit and attack with regular/mountain infantry . 
  when the defending division retreats , send in motorized divisions to exploit the hole in the line . 
  use adjacent units to block the enemy from shifting units over . 
  a unit that is in combat does n't move from province to province until the battle ends . 
  you do n't have to win these `` blocking attacks '' , just keep fighting for long enough that your mot divisions get through the hole . 
  do n't bother with planes in china . 
  waste of industrial capacity . 
  just assign a single factory to each type of carrier plane and it will be enough to build up an early-war reserve for your carriers . 
  overlords can trade with puppets above the puppet 's trade law limits as long as the puppet is below dominion status . 
  it 's also worth noting that sometimes , when you unsubscribe from a steam workshop mod , it uninstalls improperly and causes issues . 
  a common symptom of this is if you deactivate all mods , but your checksum still does n't match vanilla ( i.e , the achievement tooltip on the new game screen still says `` modified game '' ) . 
  create a row of ministers at the top of the politics menu , but do n't actually add any buttons , so it 's an empty row . 
  others have also mentioned possible fixes to your money issues , but there 's also the mp spending for institutions that 's not quite obvious . 
  if you 're developing a province for institution spread , then it 's cheaper to stack it all on a single province . 
  each point of development a low-development province generates less institution spread than a point in a province that 's already high development . 
  someone did the math and iirc , it was something like going from 3 to 20 development creates the same amount of institution spread as going from 20 development to 30 . 
  i could be getting the specific numbers wrong , but that was the gist of those calculations . 
  i mean , they kind of need it at the beginning if it happens in the late-game . 
  but yeah , the size of the event spawned host should scale with game year . 
  and it should definitely despawn after they 've established a foothold . 
  i 'd say the best solution for this is to rework sector limits and core system limits work . 
  first , at start you are limited to 0 sectors and ... let 's say 4 core systems . 
  there are technologies that increase these limits , but those technologies , in addition to increasing the limit , inflict penalties . 
  for example : at maximum sector limit research , you 're allowed to have 6 sectors and take a -50 % penalty to energy production . 
  you would also have a repeatable tech that increases sector limit by 1 for free . 
  at maximum core system research , you 're at 10 core systems and a -5 to influence generation . 
  no repeatable tech . 
  a tall empire would refrain from both of these tech paths and remain at 4 systems with no penalties . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  this is how millennium dawn does it .
