  500px for 20 units of fuel . 
  mining on an actual moon , you get 500-1000 units by draining only two or three pools with your mm . 
  is n't there a pressure plate right in front of your character ? 
  i imagine it makes them more likely to take mediocre shots . 
  perhaps the ai rules out targets which have a high enough defense , before taking their own aim bonuses into account ? 
  not really . 
  the infrastructure requires significant maintenance costs to keep in an operational state . 
  not to mention that a lot of that alternative oil infrastructure is n't complete yet , and thanks to the low oil price , investors are hesitant to continue financing it because it 's not guaranteed to be profitablee in the near future . 
  sure , the prices for healthier foods would drop ... when the market completely stabilizes after a year or five . 
  before that , however , the prices of the cheap stuff rise significantly . 
  and no politician wants to be responsible for the sudden rise of food prices . 
  likewise , no politician wants to be responsible for putting the local farmers out of their jobs . 
  i can already imagine the headlines `` the [ insert party name ] s ' plan to destroy american farmers '', 
  even if there is footage , the only way a jury is going to see it , is if it justifies the cop 's actions . 
  otherwise it just gets ` lost ' or the prosecution decides not to use it as evidence . 
  is n't that basically what happened in [ denver ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2nmy6l/denver_police_seize_tablet_delete_video_of_brutal/ ) , when they were investigating police brutality ? 
  they should be craftable at a crafting table for a copper bar , but they 're not . 
  a bug , it would seem . 
  you also get tiny amounts from killing robot enemies ( such as those in underground usmc bases ) . 
  personally , i trashed an amount of copper bars and then used admin commands to give myself the appropriate amount of wire . 
  there are rumors that maybe they will make it so old stable saves do n't get wiped . 
  but even if ( and that 's a big if ) chucklefish makes that happen , it would probably mean that old saves do n't get access to most of the cool new stuff . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i genocided several planets worth of wildlife and just got around 600 units of assorted meats . 
  it 's not a globe . 
  it 's a book on a pedestal . 
  i 'm pretty sure they only accept the results of specific , standardized estonian high school exams for entering without an exam . 
  however , getting in through an entrance exam should be an option for anyone . 
  as for uni classes being in english , that depends heavily on chosen specialty . 
  also , that final sentence : `` on olnud '' is the correct form . 
  the rest is perfect , 
   do you mean , ma loodan et teil on olnud ? 
  yes , that 's it , exactly . 
  it 's really even more complicated than that . 
  should a government be making decisions with which the people that elected them into office object to ? 
  i 'm not simply talking about short-sighted and narrow minded decisions , here . 
  i 'm talking about decisions on ideological principles . 
  for instance , let 's suppose * that torture was scientifically proven to be an effective method of gathering intelligence on terrorists , and was guaranteed to prevent 99 % of all terror attacks against the country . 
  and yet the general public is vehemently opposed to the practice for the obvious human rights concerns . 
  should the government simply override the public opinion and legalize the use of torture for its ' agencies , because the public is being irrational , narrow-minded and short-sighted about the issue ? 
  \\* - hypothetical example only . 
  i know torture is actually ineffective as a means of getting accurate information . 
  quick and easy answer to that question : get a rhino . 
  the parts are dropped by venus boss . 
  i could be wrong about this , but some really crappy weapons and armor ( like the iron dagger ) are weird when it comes to improvements , because the first improvement level is not enough to actually increase their stats by 1 point . 
  since increases smaller than 1 get rounded down , you need the second level of improvement to improve those at all . 
  let 's be honest , at 2 's weakspots have more armor than many tanks of its ' tier have on their glacis plates . 
  if you 've ever seen a at 2 vs at 2 slugfest , you know what i mean . 
  i wonder how i managed to miss that ? 
  i traversed under the outpost once , but did n't notice that ... 
  probably because of nighttime and because climbing ropes ( did n't have the grappling hook yet ) and flashlight ca n't be held at the same time . 
  except it 's not `` 1.0 unstable '' yet . 
  it 's just a big update within the alpha stage ( even if cf is already calling it a `` beta '' because that 's the term they thought us buyers want to hear ) . 
  i understand your sentiment , though . 
  cf is taking its ' sweet time completing starbound . 
  but i 'm holding off on declaring the game a disappointment until cf gives us an unfinished mess and declares that `` this is it , we 've finished the game . 
  no more updates beyond bugfixes . 
  enjoy . '', 
  eh , finding a rocket launcher in the starting system is a very luck-based mission . 
  you need to finish the erchius quest before you cantravel to other systems , after all . 
  missions do n't work like ordinary planets . 
  every time you go on a mission , the game spawns an entire new instance of the mission . 
  meaning all enemies respawn where they 're supposed to , as do all random chests . 
  downside : it 's a new map now , not the same one you lost your ore on . 
  apparently , dreadwing takes significant damage if he ground-slams into a pool of water , which is something that can be taken advantage of in the fight . 
  besides that , intenselotad already covered everything . 
  regarding the influences ... 
  i 'd say switching romuva to orthodox influence and slavic to muslim would make more sense . 
  although to be completely honest , the muslim influence is iffy to begin with now that i think about it . 
  islamic influence only really makes sense for the tengri . 
  i 'm a bit skeptical about these results . 
  there have been reports like this one before , but those results turned out to be complete bs . 
  career opponents to e-voting that go into the whole process of research with a strong bias against e-voting , and then making a lot of reasonable-sounding false assumptions to prove their point . 
  and taking a closer look at the people who made the report , there are quite a few people ( for starters , prof. haldermann ) involved , who have been crying wolf over estonian e-voting before . 
  also relatively close before the elections . 
  hm ... actually , i now realize this is the exact same report that i was thinking about , from may 2014 . 
  one that loudly announced the existence of the vulnerabilities of the e-voting system to the media only a week or two before the estonian county elections , when there was no time to patch any vulnerabilities . 
  after being researched by the estonian voting authorities , all of the alleged vulnerabilities were disputed and proven to be bs ; after the elections , unfortunately . 
  so ... this is what late-stage internet cancer looks like , huh ? 
  yesss ... just as planned . 
  ( just to mess with their heads as a final act of revenge ), 
  it 's hard to pick a favorite , but in the early stages , i absolutely love bolar 's oathblade , a unique blades 1h sword with a nice enchant . 
  also , whenever i play a 1h blade character , i always fall in love with the first fire enchant axe i find for undead-slaying purposes and am really reluctant when it 's time to declare that one obsolete . 
  the issue here , is that the police who are supposed to protect people ( kids included ) are now considered a threat to their children 's safety by parents . 
  and the fault here is not with the parents . 
  am a programmer ( or at least studying to become one ) . 
  making a program display something is complicated . 
  adding an entire new foreground layer of stuff to display on screen is a lot of extra work . 
  at this point , i think it might still be feasible to make it so you can place furniture items in the background layer . 
  adding an entire new foreground layer to the display could take a month to implement and add another month or two to the time it takes to optimize . 
  in any case , i believe the core display mechanics are considered feature complete by this point . 
  it 's a really bad idea to go poking around in mechanics to work after you 've finished them . 
  too many seemingly unrelated functions can break if you do something like that . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  however , with starbound , the rendered objects can also be interacted with by the player . 
  it 's not simply a question of display objects being rendered in the correct order , but also an issue of placing , interacting and removing the items correctly . 
  had a similar issue , when i switched from nightly to unstable branch . 
  what i did :, 
  * delete local content, 
  * switch branch to unstable,
