  estonian here , ca n't speak for any of the other locations you requested about . 
  in cities , the codes can be quite restrictive . 
  in rural areas , the codes are fairly relaxed , though there are usually additional restrictions for building inside nature preserves . 
  even with rural areas , there are bureaucratic motions to go through and ( digital ) paperwork to fill , but it 's unlikely to be denied or rejected . 
  cops pressuring suspects to confess is not the point here . 
  the point is that criminals , even repeat offenders , can pretty much get away with their crimes with nothing more than a slap on the wrist , as long as they cooperate with the prosecution and do n't attempt to contest their charges . 
  as long as their criminal activity earns more than the fines they pay to the court , criminals have zero motivation to actually rehabilitate . 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  the best i can come up with is creating some kind of oversight for judges and prosecutors , but holding them accountable for the resolutions of their cases opens up a whole new series of problems , and whatever oversight establishment we create to police them would likely develop the same issues with excessive harshness/lenience that the regular court instances have . 
  ultimately , it seems like the core problem is that judges and prosecutors are human beings like everyone else , and any idea of `` fixing '' human nature is dubious at best . 
  yeah , i hope so too . 
  although i also hope nobody says the inverse `` hey , our justice system does n't need to be improved . 
  just look at how fucked up it is in the us . '', 
  confirmation bias , you mean . 
  placebo effect actually does something . 
  bias is just seeing a pattern where there is none . 
  leper and crusader are good in front , but make sure they have a skill that buffs their prot . 
  stack as much prot and dodge as you can , do n't put - dodge trinkets on the front , add + damage trinkets if you can . 
  maximize camp buffs ( make sure to select good ones before embarking ) . 
  hwm with clean guns is amazing . 
  if you have moon cloaks for your front-liners , it might be a good idea to have the fight in darkness for increased crit potential . 
  if you have rings/cloaks of light , camp immediately before the boss fight for the buffs and healing , and to have max light on the fight . 
  in the fight , i typically focus down the swine god and do just fine . 
  a crusader or a leper with a prot buff active can tank a shot or two from the god . 
  possibly more , if you actively min-max . 
  a shame they ca n't lend a hand to any of their less-developed neighbors . 
  oops . 
  i think that 's the mimetic skin gene mod . 
  only works if the enemies are within ... 
  i think it was 12 tiles , not sure though . 
  well , the fatboy is awesome ... but the chore of locating picking up all the pencils and clipboards after the explosion scatters them is just too much . 
  right . 
  that . 
  honestly , i almost never go gene modding in lw . 
  i tend to invest heavily into mecs , to the point i rarely have the meld left over for gm-ing . 
  hence why i mix up the names on occasion . 
  yep . 
  that 's how it works . 
  and on top of that , seekers are not allowed to strangle a soldier who has the mod . 
  they can still go into stealth , flank around and shoot , though . 
  i tried it with req . 
  1.7 . something . 
  went stormcloak . 
  it was awesome , particularly the notion that your character is just a small part of the battle and you can still lose a battle if allied casualties grow too high . 
  managed to win the first battle of whiterun . 
  saw a stormcloak giant smashing faithless imperials . 
  savescummed a bit to figure out the tactics of not getting shot to death by archers and mages while also being useful enough to prevent friendly casualties from going too high . 
  good times . 
  then i went for the next battle , attacking some fort in falkreath . 
  despite killing every enemy i could find and savescumming heavily in an effort to win , the game just decided for no reason that five or six dead stormcloaks was too much and we lost . 
  immediately after , quest to defend whiterun popped up . 
  savescumming intensified . 
  tried to repulse the attack , flawless execution on my part throughout the battle . 
  in one attempt a dragon showed up and interfered with the battle , which surprisingly was one of the closest times i got the battle to success . 
  whittled down enemy reinforcements to 10 % one time , kept killing enemies but the counter seemed to be stuck and would n't decrease below that , no matter how many i killed . 
  on top of that , invincible rikke was oneshotting stormcloaks left and right and i could n't put her down fast enough every time she stood up again and i just gave up . 
  from there on , the ai and script glitches kept getting worse and the save devolved into unplayability . 
  to be fair , crusades were far more significant when ck2 was first released . 
  then the dlcs started adding ` better ' cbs like pagan invasions and crusades succumbed to power creep . 
  perhaps a `` grand crusade '' mechanic could be added , where the pope declares a crusade for the de-jure territory of an empire-level title . 
  which would mean declaring war on all heathen realms that have land in the de jure borders . 
  the distance between the sun and earth is n't constant . 
  but when i went and checked the numbers , i realized the difference is ` only ' 16 light-seconds ( about 5m km ) , not enough to create a disparity that big . 
  and it is indeed eight minutes and change when earth is at its ' closest to the sun . 
  you know , they actually introduced a way to limit the population explosion in courts . 
  as a court gets bigger , everyone in the court gets a hidden fertility penalty . 
  hm . . might have to tweak in tes5edit , then , and make the damage boost as massive as the one giant slaughterfish get for their unarmed attack . 
  hold rmb to block , then left click to bash ( while still holding down rmb ) . 
  torch bashing works the same way as shield bashing . 
  i think the point here is that the tank needs to have a way of discouraging/preventing aliens from moving to flank softer targets than the tank itself . 
  iirc , the lw devs saw that damage sponge mecs were op , and chose to directly nerf their dr , rather than stealth-nerfing them by giving even more high-level aliens heat ammo . 
  which was a good call on their part , imho . 
  yes , definitely a mistake . 
  trying to out-tank the aliens is not a viable strategy until you have a dedicated damage sponge ( mec or alloy shiv ) . 
  the main point of armor is to prevent being one-shotted ~ ~ out of cover ~ ~ by regular hits . 
  starting armor will do fine until mectoids , cyberdisks and plasma rifle mutons start showing up . 
  and even if you get good armor early , ballistic weapons just ca n't deal with the dr of mectoids , disks or even the more advanced seekers and drones that start showing up in may/june . 
  i 'm pretty sure the devs flat out said innate racial abilities are not going to be a thing . 
  or more accurately , if they add ` unique ' features to any race , it would be through the racial weapon and armors , and you can trade those in multiplayer . 
  their reasoning was that they did n't want players to pass up playing races that they might like rp-wise because they have a `` suboptimal '' ability . 
  i 'd say +1 orbital range per x virtues might be a better option . 
  maybe per 8 virtues for the number ? 
  because you 're not supposed to be playing the game before the release date ? 
  it only encrypts a game if you pre-load it before the release date . 
  same with estonia . 
  for a street sam , troll and ork are good , human is ok , elf and dwarf tend to be suboptimal . 
  the only way i 've gotten an elf to be viable in melee is pure melee adept . 
  needs a lot of points , though . 
  so much in fact , that the only ranged skill you can take is thrown weapons . 
  which was n't in the game until the dragonfall/director 's cut version of the game . 
  not sure if your version even has it . 
  seconded . 
  we need an `` interface gore '' cb . 
  i agree that the soviets would just zerg over static fortification lines , but modern equipment opens up a lot of possibilities for estonia . 
  the estonian-russian border is n't actually that long , most of it running along the middle of lake peipus . 
  especially considering russian supply lines would still be largely restricted to roads , which means large scale tank pushes could easily be cut off from supply and encircled by estonian forces and their superior mobility and modern anti tank weapons . 
  if i 'm reading op 's post right , this is n't just `` modern estonian army shows up in 1940 '' . 
  it is , in fact , the entire territory and people of 1940 estonia being replaced with the territory and people of 2015 estonia . 
  besides the overwhelming superiority of the soviet military , one reason estonia id n't even demonstratively refuse and resist for a few hours before surrendering in 1940 was because we already had soviet military bases in estonia , including right next to tallinn with armed soviet troops present . 
  with those gone , the eastern regions of estonia could be defensible with maneuvering tactics enabled by estonia 's modern armored vehicles .
