  `` playing well '' just became a synonym for a cautious and boring playstyle that i had no fun following . 
  add to that the massive frustration of 80 % of games being either a ) failing to carry a completely useless team or b ) never getting to fire a shot because my unicum teammates have killed everything by the time i catch up with them . 
  problem is , the govt . 
  of e. does n't have the money to create additional research subsidies without raising taxes ( or making cutbacks in other vital areas , like healthcare or defense ) . 
  it can only do things to encourage private investment into research , but that relies on market forces a lot , and market forces tend to work against small nations . 
  estonia was actually quite strongly protestant during the interwar republic . 
  would n't be a stretch to go for some alternate history and take up the idea that estonian chieftains decided to adopt catholicism in the middle ages to avoid getting holy-warred to death by the danish and the germans . 
  unless , of course , you 're strapped for spacebucks and sell elerium and fragments to get some green to pay for everything . 
  the problem is , politicians are still elected into office , and `` career politician '' implies the person has no lifelong experience in fields other than politics . 
  this in turn means that their continued livelihood depends on being re-elected . 
  unfortunately , this means career politicians are less motivated to make unpopular decisions that would benefit the nation in the long term . 
  instead , they make decisions beneficial only to their own reelection chances or continuously postpone controversial decisions that would hurt their reelection chances regardless of what decision they make . 
  i would certainly prefer a politician who has less to lose by supporting the universally beneficial decision . 
  level 0 are 100 % expendable . 
  if they die , recover the trinkets you equipped on them and abandon the dungeon , if you think you wo n't be able to complete it with a 3-character team . 
  also , you might want to consider bringing extra food to heal up the level 0 character between fights . 
  well , in general it does . 
  however , a big exception is politicians who know they 're not going to be reelected . 
  i mean , when presidents do groundbreaking stuff , it usually happens in their second term , not their first . 
  iirc , that tan color is a default base paint for us vehicles for storage/transport . 
  they paint the right camo ( incl . 
  proper desert camo patterns ) on top of that base after the tanks arrive . 
  it just so happens the `` storage camo '' is acceptable for the desert . 
  i believe the germans had something similar going on with their tanks in ww2 . 
  it was basically an unintended conicidence that their tan base paint was acceptable for the steppes on the eastern front and did n't immediately need to be painted over as the tanks reached field . 
  forget i said anything . 
  misread an important part of / u/ralphnld 's post . 
  ~ ~ i 'm pretty sure the estonian military has never had any tanks since restoring the independence . 
  there were talks about buying leopards at the height of the real estate bubble , and according to the defence ministry 's national defense development plan the estonian military is supposed to get proper tanks in its ' arsenal by 2020 . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ i wo n't argue that our politicians are retarded though . 
  entirely possible they continue to derp around and wo n't meet their own plan . ~ ~, 
  managed to misread that somehow . 
  my bad . 
  and at-2, 
  i think of the roaming minor faction armies as outcasts , outlaws and exiles from the settled villages . 
  makes sense groups like that would n't fall in line just because the villages that kicked them out do . 
  those are certainly good points , especially the part about jeremiah . 
  however , having known the darker and uglier side of rage , i ca n't agree that it 's a good thing in general . 
  the worst thing about rage is that it 's possible to gain a measure of inner strength from it . 
  and that 's a gateway to relying on your own rage for strength in times of doubt , rather than relying on god . 
  this is easily combined with misinterpreting the bible in order to make your rage justified ( and and therefore no longer sinful ) in his eyes somehow . 
  at one point in my life , i had myself convinced that `` right '' way of converting people to christ was the medieval , crusade-y way : `` convert or die '' . 
  even as i recognized clear and unambiguous logical contradictions between my idea of god 's plan and the scripture , i kept saying things like `` the bible 's just metaphorical anyway '' or `` the bible was written and translated by fallible individuals '' . 
  it was unimaginably hard to let go of a worldview based around justifying my addiction to rage . 
  though i am now free of that level of madness , i still find myself relying on hating non-fapstronauts ( as in : i hate them and i do n't want to be like them ) to find the strength to resist pmo . 
  team : turtle, 
  tank : tiger ( p ), 
  eh , it 's probably just a game balance/simplicity decision in the end . 
  i personally prefer to try and find a perspective that maintains the illusion of disbelief , rather than insist on putting my own initial perspective into mechanics . 
  how would you even implement the minor armies joining the faction that pacified them ? 
  have them auto-join the faction that pacified the region ? 
  it would be more that just a bit op to get ` free ' faction units that you do n't have to spend any production , dust or assimilation slots on . 
  especially in the early game , and particularly frustrating if your enemies get lucky with random mob spawns and you do n't . 
  have them randomly join some of the time ? 
  same problem as above , except now you also need to pray to the rng that it 's your faction that gets lucky with the mobs joining for free . 
  i 'm fairly certain the severity of the visual effect is somehow linked to your health . 
  i know my tanky heavy armor character did n't get the visual confusion from drinking mead at level 20 . 
  mind you , i play with 10 points of ability increase per levelup , instead of the default 5 . 
  hm , i guess i 'd say there is room , but it 's best to control it , yes . 
  deciding not to control rage is basically saying `` well , maybe it is n't sinful * this time * '' . 
  wo n't be able to tell the difference until afterwards , when we 've either lucked out or already in trouble . 
  although , as far as romantic feelings go , i have a flat lot of `` nothing '' in that part of my heart , so i would n't know to compare . 
  but it probably has its ' darker side , too , yes . 
  pic is too big for my 1680x1050 monitor . 
  so i get a magnifying-glass cursor instead . 
  real easy to find . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's not an insult . 
  it 's just ubisoft 's game shitting itself as it 's feeble , potato-oriented existence falls out of its ' comfort zone and attempts to comprehend the eldritch powers that your shrine radiates with . 
  kind of like humans and [ cthulu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dyrxlvm9vm ) . 
  do the followers from interesting npcs correctly get all the requiem perks they should logically have ? 
  thanks . 
  will definitely add the mod to my list once i get home . 
  contest mode causes issues from a moderation perspective . 
  namely , moderators are also forced to look at threads in contest mode same as regular users would . 
  no ability to `` sort by new '' makes moderating a lot more difficult for subs that have restrictions on what 's allowed in a top level comment . 
  do n't have ow books , but i know there 's a psychic power that specifically affects machine spirits in dh , causing every weapon in a radius to jam . 
  thus , it is definitely possible to apply psychic effects on machines . 
  but there are some things that clearly need clarification . 
  first , servitors are not quite machines . 
  they still have organic brains ( though lobotomized and cybernetically altered ) . 
  second , the mspirit of a titan is exceptionally powerful , and would probably break the mind of the psyker , given that the titan spirit would likely preceive the psyker as an intruder . 
  the same most likely happens to anything tank-sized or larger , though perhaps not as quickly and spectacularly as it would with a titan . 
  as for iron men , you must realize that ai is not the same as a mspirit . 
  even clockwork mechanisms with no electronic parts supposedly have a mspirit inhabiting them , according to admech . 
  the mainstream mechanicus understanding is that ai and mspirits are mutually exclusive , which is one reason why ai means `` abominable intellect '' for the admech . 
  the core idea of mspirits is that they are what protects machines from being posessed by warp daemons . 
  the men of iron were susceptible to the warp because as ai they did not have machine spirits . 
  this is of course only the official line of the mechanicus . 
  it 's ultimately up to the gm to decide if it 's really true or not . 
  personally , i 'd give machines some kind of innate resistance to psychic powers that are not specifically designed for use against them . 
  and if the players continue to insist , i 'd treat attempts at using telepathy on mspirits as a convenient excuse to produce unpredictable ( and potentially bad ) results . 
  basically , telepathy with mspirits is analogous to telepathy with bizarre xenos : their ` minds ' are so alien and different , that a lot of the assumptions a telepath would normally make no longer apply with mspirits . 
  in my experience , follower health regen is weird . 
  i 'm pretty sure they regen back to full in seconds when out of combat , but do n't regen in combat . 
  check if you have the first heavy armor perk . 
  if you do , and are still losing stamina , then there 's an option in mcm under compatibility & debug to reset stamina drain , which should fix bugs like this . 
  i imagine you 'll be cursing when an ethereal reflects all four shots back at the same character . 
  looks like you 've left out flame resistance ingredients from this table , but not from some of the other , larger tables . 
  still , massive work you 've done .
