  swimming would actually be useful in windstorm and komarin , which have deep fording spots that normally only fast tanks can use . 
  well , yes . 
  * you * would . 
  but this is someone high up in the manglement we 're talking about . 
  well , at least they did n't print it off and fax it to you ... 
  i think you 're supposed to go back to the village that gave you the quest with an army , possibly with a hero-led army , while having 25 spices . 
  i suspect the logic is along the lines of dedicated warships using the extra space for armor , redundant cables and bulkheads , rather than extra cargo space . 
  though i certainly would n't mind a 100/200 split between frigates and cruisers for cargo space . 
  in fact , one thing i would like to see even more is an `` expanded cargo hold '' booster , probably at the expense of armor , hp and/or acceleration . 
  exactly this . 
  i fell in love when i read the big blog post that introduced the floran waaay back . 
  i ca n't even find the post anymore , but what did it for me was the subtle animation of a floran face ... which then opens the mouth to reveal all those sharp teeth . 
  edit : found something that made me fall even more madly in love with the florans : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng37nkbh4q4, 
  the current stable version of the erchius boss is much , much harder than the one in unstable . 
  so it seems the dev team realized they made the boss too difficult and it 's getting nerfed . 
  just have to wait for the next stable update to roll out , or switch to unstable for now . 
  electronics manufacturers need a lot of copper to make stuff . 
  recycled copper is cheaper to buy than `` freshly '' mined/processed copper . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  without * pax americana * , finland 's education system would be very different , and things like estonia 's e-governance and flat tax system would n't even exist . 
  yeah , but most imperial equipment originates from the dark age of technology , way before the emperor was in charge of mankind . 
  truthfully , any particular skill is only useless if your gm fails to provide opportunities to make it useful , or if the player fails to recognize their usefulness . 
  let 's take the trade : copyist skill from dark heresy . 
  it 's fairly useless until an inquisitorial mission involves forging some documents . 
  or if the acolytes have snuck someplace they are n't supposed to be and need to quickly copy some documents without tipping the heretics off by stealing them . 
  my memory on that part of 40k lore is a bit hazy , but i think it was something along the lines of emps giving the admech a bunch of stcs he 'd managed to preserve , and the admech were the ones that re-established the large-scale production with forge worlds during the great crusade . 
  mind you , the forge worlds already existed to some extent from the daot , though the admech probably expanded them in the time following the great crusade . 
  as far as ha goes , yes , bow and arrow does become effective against it with archery perks around marksmanship 50 . 
  at least according to my experience with tempered elven and orcish bows . 
  for weaker bandits that mix ha and la , orcish bow is a potential oneshot despite ha torso . 
  not sure about bound bow , unfortunately . 
  fair points all around , especially about the world being the way it is . 
  though by `` somewhere they were n't supposed to go '' i meant it in an in-character context , not that they were going to a place i had n't intended for the players to go . 
  things is , as gm i have a fairly good idea about what skills the characters do and do n't have . 
  as gm , i also have near-absolute control over what `` the way that the world is '' actually means . 
  which means i ultimately have to decide if i punish the players for not taking a very specific niche skill , or reward them for taking one . 
  the burden is definitely on the gm to make sure that there 's at least an opportunity to utilize the niche skills in their plot . 
  at least as long as they make sense in context . 
  if i 'm running a dw game where the pcs need to capture a new type of tyranid for research , i 'm not going to include a carousing challenge out of nowhere just because the space wolf has the skill . 
  it 's entire possible the blade of woe has unique properties that make it more powerful than its ' raw damage numbers would suggest . 
  in fact , it 's even likely that this is the case with the awakened bow . 
  as for the the bow and arrows : lightning damage does bonus damage to constructs , and that bonus damage automatically ignores all resistances . 
  because this kind of racism ( and much worse ) has been inflicted against them in the past and they see it as looking out for `` their own '' ? 
  honestly , i 'm not sure this is a good idea . 
  i remember a time when i was frustrated as hell because i had to farm tower keys in non-tower missions . 
  having to actively farm tower keys in order to farm the prime parts you actually want is damn stupid imo . 
  still , the pattern of hostile/not hostile is fairly predictable . 
  on any given planet , there are always two hostile types of monster and one non-hostile type . 
  of course , in the secondary biome ( or if you dig deeper ) you run into new sets of monster . 
  anyway , not matter if monsster not hosstile . 
  floran ssstab either way !, 
  edit : bunch of letters . 
  should know better than to type this early in the morning . 
  problem with this kind of post-processing is that some lines are already floranized . 
  the post-processor would heavily over-exaggerate a lot of lines line if it gets its ' hands on lines that are already floranized . 
  and teaching a piece of code to analyse language to `` recognize '' floranized speech would be hit-and-miss at best . 
  they glow . 
  and not just in the dark . 
  iirc , it was gates who called open source either a virus or a contagious license . 
  is russia claiming the ukrainians shelled their own positions yet ? 
  reinforcing the tank of rocket fuel makes the whole rocket heavier ... which means it needs more fuel to actually reach space . 
  and more fuel = bigger explosion if something goes wrong . 
  so basically , a rocket armored well enough to contain the explosion of its ' fuel probably wo n't even reach airplane altitudes with that fuel , let along reach space . 
  strange . 
  works as intended for my assassin . 
  i suspect nobody here will be able to help you unless you post your load list . 
  hm ... this could work , i think . 
  give grenades a second ability which functions like a short-range rocket . 
  we know two abilities can be linked to the same item ( medkits : heal/revive ) . 
  and rockets are also in the game already . 
  no need to invent new mechanics , as far as i can tell . 
  they do ... if you have a whole legal department to back up the threat . 
  a liability which will result in no consequences unless the copyright owner has the means to take valve to court . 
  which may be extremely difficult for a modder that does n't live in the us . 
  it was alright ... but i liked the sub version more , because being unable to understand the spoken japanese lines made it easier to ignore raki 's voice . 
  plus , his original voice was n't nearly as annoying as it is in the dub . 
  allowed me to see raki 's character as what i like to pretend it really was : a reason for clare to explain stuff about the claymores and yoma that she would n't need to explain to other claymores . 
  was n't that `` cursed buckle '' intentionally like that , though ? 
  a deliberately bad trinket to trip up noobs who do n't pay attention ? 
  hmm ... chipping in my own two cents on how to make this work :, 
  if a rogue initiates the surprise round of combat with a sneak attack against an unaware enemy , they may choose to attempt a fatal blow attack . 
  they make an attack roll as normal , but compare their damage roll ( including sneak attack damage ) to the target 's fortitude . 
  target fort +5 = target reduced to 25 % hp, 
  target fort +0 = target reduced to 50 % hp, 
  fails to beat target fort : deal normal weapon damage ( no sneak attack bonus ) . 
  basically , a super-sneak attack against enemies who do n't even realize they 're being attacked . 
  mind you , i 'm a bit fuzzy on the rules , since it 's been years since i last played 3.5 , more than a year since i played 4e and i 've never read pathfinder or 5e rules . 
  closest to dnd i 've been lately is star wars saga . 
  this . 
  absolutely this . 
  i wonder ... if valve axed everyone except the bare minimum of it guys required to maintain steam , would they lose any profits at all ? 
  so basically ... we 'd never notice if they did that . 
  damn . 
  his lawyers will , though . 
  community service can still set a poor person back far more significantly than a rich one . 
  time spent doing community service is time that they ca n't spend on earning money for themselves and their family . 
  a rich person is far more insured against missing out on a week 's salary far more than a poor one . 
   i 'm super cereal guys !!!, 
  ftfy, 
  it is a hard issue .
