  i was talking about eu rddt2 . 
  sorry for not clarifying earlier . 
  huh . 
  alright , then this just means someone needs to update the dropdown clan lists at the top of this subbreddit . 
  strange that the orders are not dropping . 
  they drop as usual for me , also using requiem and req-db patch . 
  in any case , i have to agree with / u/keeperofthelag in that solstheim is in its ' entirety a high-level area . 
  i 'd say any character below level 30 is in a completely hopeless situation over there ( unless you cheat ) . 
  i do n't recommend adding the orders directly to player , though . 
  select a container ( click on it while console is active ) and add the orders into the container ( additem , not player.additem while an object is selected ), 
  iirc , tyranus approaches the random peasant bystander to ask if they 've seen anyone entering or leaving the house . 
  the pc has to offer help to join tyranus ... and tyranus probably accepts because it means he has a better chance of getting out alive ^ ( to call for backup ) in case shit hits the fan ^ ( by running faster than the random peasant ) . 
   service a jarl or a faction, 
  probably should be `` serve '' . 
  service has certain ... unfortunate connotations . 
  or possibly , i just have a filthy mind . 
  there 's a difference , though . 
  scenario a : a girl gives nude pics to their boyfriend . 
  then the couple breaks up . 
  boyfriend puts pictures up on internet . 
  it 's a copyright issue because the boyfriend obtained the pics legitimately from the holder , then violated copyright . 
  scenario b : random hacker breaks into icloud , and makes a copy of the nude pics , then distributes them on internet ... 
  actually ... now that i have described it , i realize op has a very good question . 
  both seem like cases of making unauthorized copies of copyrighted pictures . 
  and yet one is a criminal case , while the other is strictly a civil case . 
  my best guess is that the actual crime that got the fbi involved was simply breaking into icloud , rather than actually stealing the nude pics and distributing them . 
  despite the name , common law is not actually that common . 
  it 's largely limited to english-speaking countries and to former british colonies . 
  most of the world ( including the entirety of continental europe ) uses civil law instead . 
  the difference is , certain quest stages trigger when you pick up an item ( i.e , `` read cultist orders '' ) . 
  those quest stages sometimes do n't trigger properly if you add an item to the player directly with additem . 
  ideally , you 'd want to add those orders to a cultist corpse , if they have n't despawned yet . 
  thanks . 
  and no , it 's not a problem . 
  i just did n't want to join the college , which is required to actually get to urag in the arcaneum . 
  if you 're on pc , try the requiem mod . 
  dragons ( and most other opponents , if they have enough numbers ) remain a credible threat well into the 40-levels . 
  unless you 're playing mage . 
  then everything is easy once you hit destruction/conjuration 50 and get the perk of that level . 
  there are certain perks higher up in the sniper tree that make the marksman rifle a valid choice . 
  specifically , precision shot at corporal rank , which gives them the ability to be a long-range sniper if they need to be . 
  jingles/bohemianeagle put it quite well once . 
  those are the players that have hit the peak of their skill ... and it 's not that high . 
  therefore everyone that 's better than they are has to be cheating . 
  because it 's inconceivable to them that some can legitimately be a better player than they are . 
  i 'll check those out , thanks . 
  if it was on a shelf , then it 's a guaranteed sample . 
  besides the obvious internet stuff ? 
  writing , mostly fanfic . 
  some light coding ( cheat modding to beat the soviet union with estonia in hearts of iron 3 ) . 
  i swear , reddit is eating letters whenever i write a title post in this sub . 
  i 'm sure ` claymore ' was spelled correctly when i posted . 
  already looked there . 
  not a single one . 
  do you have the save-scumming option turned on ? 
  if not , then reloading a save does not change the result of the random roll . 
  while i 'm not entirely sure about the mechanics , it seems like the game pre-rolls a large number dice rolls ( more than it might need ) at the start of each round/mission and puts the results in an ordered list . 
  and whenever an attack needs hit/crit roll , it takes the next two from the list , always in the same order . 
  it 's actually still possible to save-scum this . 
  for instance , if your first attack in a round is a 80 % sniper hit and it misses , you can reload a save and use someones ' impossible 1 % pistol attack instead , get the ` bad ' roll out of the way , and use the 80 % shot with the next ( hopefully better ) roll . 
  edit : i 'm not saying the game code actually works exactly how i described . 
  i 'm only describing the end result . 
  i know that 's not quite how seeded randomization works , but explaining the minutiae is way off-topic and i did n't want to go into it . 
  hmm ... after some thought i 'd go with emma watson for clare and summer glau for miata . 
  although , now that i have done some research , the latter might not be the best fit . 
  i mainly remember her from firefly , which was made over ten years ago , so she might look too old for the role . 
  pretty sure that ramming wo n't count ... because then enemies killing you by ramming could also count as self destruction . 
  so ramming damage must count as being inflicted by the enemy tank , not by yourself . 
  maybe related to the fappening ? 
  i know there was some admin panic going on over that recently . 
  some guy hacked a ton of celebrity accounts on icloud and released nude pics . 
  reddit ( particularly the fappening subreddit ) was one of the main hubs of spreading those pics . 
  then it turned out some were pictures of underage athletes . 
  cue admin panic and banning of subreddit . ^ ( i discovered all of this from the admin announcement of banning the subreddit ), 
  to further elaborate on the first , estonia ca n't afford to do anything rash in response to russian provocations . 
  a part of it is not giving russia an excuse to take further action against estonia . 
  another part is making sure russia has as little propaganda ammo as possible , and making sure that russian `` news reports '' can be clearly discredited in the eyes of anyone with half a brain . 
  if russia has any legitimate grievances against estonia , then it 's instant game over on the propaganda front . 
  did n't realize the rule meant that . 
  i thought it just meant `` no direct download links '', 
  had to be skyre . 
  i know for sure that those chests had loot in vanilla . 
  yeah . 
  bags of holding are base requiem . 
   arguing from symmetry does n't really hold water . 
  the simple truth is that aliens are disposable , and troops are not ( contrary to previous xcoms , due to the rpg part of the game ) . 
  it does , actually . 
  lw is supposed to be an uphill battle against an opponent stronger than you . 
  it stands to reason that the aliens would have the same tactics available to them that x-com does . 
  and since you mentioned the rpg part , why should the aliens consider x-com soldiers to be any less disposable than x-com considers alien soldiers to be ? 
  a difference on what you and i consider to be good design philosophy , then . 
  basing game mechanics on in-game justification is a valid approach that results in a drastically different experience compared to the opposite approach ( creating game mechanics and having the story justifications match them ) . 
  both are valid approaches that can result in good ( as well as terrible ) games . 
  good point there . 
  in that light , maybe certain tactics do need to be nerfed for the aliens . 
  one option i can think of is putting a designated tank in half cover , just on the edge of the aliens ' los . 
  since they have an okay shot at the distant tank , they might take it over grenading a unit that 's closer but in full cover . 
  risky , but better than getting grenade spammed . 
  or , you know , using a shiv 's damage reduction to draw that fire . 
  a big part of the fear here is estonia is that it turns into a situation similar to crimea .
