  numerous difficulty checks scale up with the pc 's total karma . 
  true , but i find it unlikely fo4 will still be played by a huge community and considered an amazing game one or two years from now . 
  fo4 has yet to catch up to skyrim in long-term sales , and i doubt it ever will . 
  i also suspect fo4 's dlc content will not be as successful as skyrim 's . 
  wow . 
  have n't seen that score screen format for a while ... 
  a dlc that just completely reworks existing content ? 
  yeah , i do n't see it happening . 
  ever . 
  making the game more linear in order to dumb it down was a conscious decision to begin with . 
  any dlc that comes out is going to be every bit as linear as the current questlines are . 
  mental breakdown can be a strange thing . 
  when it comes to the various abominations our champions face in the dungeons , then suicide as a way of `` getting out '' or just wanting to die on their own terms is not that far-fetched as an option . 
  doing a group project as an intern . 
  it 's absolutely jarring , how i constantly feel i 'm not being completely useless and unproductive as a programmer and yet i 'm being told i 'm one of the more productive people on the project . 
  that depends heavily on where the gate appears . 
  the basic options are :, 
  * the country that controls it goes manifest destiny on it . 
  * the country that controls it gets invaded by the nearest major power , who then goes manifest destiny on it . 
  * ww3 breaks out over control of the gate . 
  there are other uses for a spit cup , though . 
  namely , if your throat is sick and you 're coughing up disgusting sludge . 
  but i ca n't imagine anyone coughing up enough of that crap to make spilling it on the keyboard a realistic problem . 
  ... which is written with fire ? 
  i 've had a few of these as well . 
  all three with win7 . 
  do you have a source for obsidian including an strv line , or the strv 103 specifically ? 
  because i doubt they 'll create an entirely new aiming/movement mechanic for a single tank . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if the strv 103 is included at all , it 'll just swivel its ' gun to aim like classic casemate tds . 
  probably deleted before anyone noticed it . 
   it 'd take probably a generation just to move people over and set up enough livable area . 
  depends on the amount of people you 're sending through , really . 
  and if the situation is desperate enough , you can just send the people through on foot and have them build their own shacks and cabins with low-tech tools . 
  i 'd say actually getting people to the gate on our side would be a bigger logistical challenge than getting them through the gate itself . 
  mind you , i 'm assuming some kind of martial law is in effect and we 're dealing with an organized evacuation , rather than just people migrating to the other side of the gate voluntarily . 
  hey , it 's a perfectly valid color scheme for members of red veil . 
  you ca n't rely on a weapon 's armor piercing ability against heavily armored enemies . 
  you need an attack that strips armor from a target , making the vulnerable to all attacks . 
  there are mage spells and melee abilities ( both cyber and adept ) that strip armor , but all of those either require you to hire an npc runner for money , or build your own character around that skillset . 
  i think the russian 's robot has an attack that does it , which might be the only `` free '' way of stripping armor if your character is n't built for spellcasting or melee . 
  mod selection is not a democracy . 
  the users of a subreddit have no say in who is or is n't a moderator . 
  even a mod of a subreddit can only de-mod moderators that are their juniors . 
  if the most senior mod is a cuck , then he ca n't be demodded unless the reddit admins decide to do it . 
  more importantly , once cucks take over a subreddit , they can just keep mods that do n't agree with them from joining or demod them if they step out of line . 
  considering the leftist and liberalist bias among reddit admins , fat chance of that happening . 
  applies to eesti too . 
  source : have posted almost identical rants to youtube comments and reddit . 
  nope , due to historical reasons , there were n't that many to begin with , compared to the countries further south . 
  on top of that , many estonian jews had already been deported by the soviets or fled from the advance of the war by the time the nazis rolled in . 
  and even beyond that , the estonian underground government was known to produce fake identification which helped jews avoid capture . 
  i 've also read that the nazis who made the report that map was attached to basically went `` close enough . 
  it might get us a promotion if our region has a success to report ahead of everyone else . '', 
  not sure how accurate that part is , though . 
  think of it as a callback to the tabletop 40k . 
  the whole squad is in formation and has a leader in charge . 
  the squad leader can call out orders , which grant bonuses to members of the squad . 
  cohesion is basically a morale hp for the squad . 
  if cohesion is reduced to zero , then the the squad is n't working anymore : nobody is listening to the guy in charge and everyone is just doing their own thing . 
  if the squad members get along with each other and trust the leader , you have a higher starting cohesion . 
  there are a number of things that reduce cohesion : squad members being out of formation , ignoring orders or simply bad things happening like squad members being injured . 
  a few of the more powerful ( and complicated ) orders also require the squad leader to spend cohesion . 
  perhaps a solution would be to increase the amount of deeds earned through the quest completion reward ? 
  earning 12 from a long quest is far too little , compared to how many of them are needed for upgrading the blacksmith . 
   and helping those who ca n't improve into other fields of work . 
  this is the problem here . 
  less union members means less union dues . 
  why should a union waste money on an activity that actively reduces its ' membership ? 
  bad link . 
  it 's https://np.reddit.com, 
  no www . 
   that money could 've been spent to get more of something cheaper . 
  probably could 've been , but think of it this way : is it more effective to take out a tank with a single javelin , or with with four cheaper missiles , two of which miss and a third of which fails to get through a countermeasure like era or spaced armor . 
  that 's not the only reason . 
  estdcu only comes in forest and desert patterns . 
  for winter camo , they wear an additional white snow suit over the forest pattern gear . 
  it is possible for a permanent resident to make health insurance payments and get estonian health insurance even if they do n't have any income they 're paying taxes off of . 
  while legal in itself , it does suggest the possibility of tax evasion . 
  so the tax and customs agency is bound to find out op 's girlfriend does n't live in estonia anymore and therefore does n't qualify to receive the health insurance . 
  hiding the fact of moving to germany wo n't last long . 
  a way to deal with that problem is aoe attacks . 
  guard does not apply if the attack targets both the protector and the protected . 
  here 's the problem . 
  suppose a government agent with access to the mass-collected surveillance data has a grudge against someone personally , outside their official duties . 
  they can abuse that access to ruin someone 's life . 
  one possibility is looking at the data and seeing if there 's anything criminal there and then finding a pretext to start an official investigation . 
  an investigation which will then legally find the data the corrupt agent already knew was there . 
  another possibility is simply anonymously leaking private information . 
  the point is , checks and balances may exist , but people are still people . 
  there are ways to work around the paperwork and audits . 
  sure , they would get punished if they got caught , but considering how opaque the process of data collection and review typically is , it 's not hard for an insider to cover their own tracks . 
  40 % is actually pretty good in a poll like this . 
  there 's always a neutral option of some kind . 
  usually the split is something like 20 % for , 20 % against , 60 % do n't care . 
  more or less , yeah . 
  historically , it refers to an american attitude in the 19th century . 
   manifest destiny is a term for the attitude prevalent during the 19th century period of american expansion that the united states not only could , but was destined to , stretch from coast to coast . 
  this attitude helped fuel western settlement , native american removal and war with mexico . 
  look up western sahara . 
  actually , here 's the [ wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_sahara ) .
