  everything else is still just as dumb . 
  or more so in the case of japan , because now they have enough points left over from china to demand nonsense in europe ( as opposed to italy demanding provinces in the middle of china before japan can give them to their puppet ) . 
  christie does n't have any say in it , really . 
  the legislature does , though , because horizon is n't an ordinary company : it 's a non-profit insurance company ( and the only non-profit health insurance in the state ) created by state law , rather than a private enterprise . 
  the legislature has power over horizon 's company structure . 
  christie 's fight with the legislature is mainly over that christie wants the legislature to implement his idea of fixing the healthcare situation through redistributing the ( in christie 's opinion ) excessive amount of reserves that horizon is `` hoarding '' . 
  what christie does have a say in , is the legislature 's proposed state budget , which christie agreed not to veto in exchange for the legislature pushing through the bill regarding horizon 's reserves . 
  except the horizon bill got tangled in the assembly and now there 's an impasse . 
  and like the pussy she is , the feminist @angrychatel has turned on protected mode and hidden her tweets from everyone that is n't a confirmed part of her echo chamber . 
  depends on the name , actually . 
  afaik , the handful of russian ships whose names are ( grammatically ) female , are referred to as female . 
  huh . 
  well , in my defense , english is not my native language and i did n't realize non-profit and not-for-profit are not synonyms in english . 
  the point is , the only power to work against policy change , whether radical or not , ought to be in voters and elected officials . 
  it should be illegal for unelected bureaucrats to work against policy change except by casting their vote in elections like everyone else . 
  appointed bureaucrats should n't have any more power over policy and legislation than the average citizen , but they do . 
  `` deep state '' need not be some illuminati style conspiracy meeting in shadowy rooms to exist or be harmful . 
  bureaucrats and intelligence officials that have become permanent fixtures in every administration , acting in their self-interest to prevent being held accountable , even if they act independently of one another without conspiring in a singular effort , is still something i would consider to be the deep state . 
  that 's not to say i support something like a spoils system , where the winning party fires everyone and uses their victory to give cushy jobs to their own loyal party members , of course . 
  but fear of appearing partisan should n't stop the administration from investigating and firing corrupt , obstructionist holdouts appointed by previous administrations . 
  it was likely not the wwe clip , but rather reposting [ this ] ( https://imgoat.com/uploads/ea9ab1baa0/28483.jpg ) poster that actually prompted cnn to single the guy out . 
  i am primarily talking about the effort made by appointed staff of the executive branch to unjustly discredit the elected officials of the executive branch and to undermine and sabotage the implementation of executive policy . 
  the latter half also includes influencing the legislative branch , * especially * when it 's done to obstruct policy made by the same executive branch they 're supposed to be working for . 
  yeah , egalitarian militarist anything is basically `` unless you restrict yourself to conquering pops that already match your ethics , most of of your population will be unhappy and you wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
  and you ca n't even stop the unhappy pops from growing . '', 
   he knows guys that have it worse thought . 
  ** this should not be a comforting thought for a suffering veteran . 
  revealing a private citizen 's identity and political affiliation to the public , where unhinged people like the one that attacked the republican baseball game can freely see it , is definitely a threatening and disproportionate action . 
  even if it 's not `` doxxing '' in the classical meaning , it 's still a credible threat that can be used to coerce a person to make a statement or apology they do n't actually agree with . 
  the initial statement is absolutely indefensible . 
  it might not be blackmail , but it most certainly is a conspiracy against rights under [ 18 u.s. code \u00a7 241 - conspiracy against rights ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/241 ), 
   if two or more persons conspire to injure , oppress , threaten , or intimidate any person in any state , territory , commonwealth , possession , or district in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him by the constitution or laws of the united states , or because of his having so exercised the same ;, 
  the act of revealing a person 's identity and political affiliation is certainly a threatening action in the extremely polarized political environment we currently have . 
  the supreme court has repeatedly ruled ( for example in mcintyre v. ohio elections commission , 1995 ) that the right to say things anonymously is a protected aspect of free speech rights . 
  at the very least , two people were involved in tracking down the redditor and publishing the coerced `` apology '' along with the threat of doxxing : a reporter doing the tracking down and communicating with the redditor , and the editor that did not shut down this attack on the redditor 's rights before it made digital print . 
  in other words , a private citizen exercising their right to speak anonymously was threatened to have their right to anonymity denied to them by at least a reporter and an editor ( two or more people ) , and the threat was used to coerce an apology out of them . 
  seems like a pretty clear-cut situation to me . 
  though they did not have a real-time conversation , they do admit leave a message to the man as they `` reached out '' to him , and we do n't know if that message contained a threat of revealing his identity if he refused to respond or comment in some way . 
  it 's entirely possible an implied threat existed even without a direct conversation and cnn is bending and omitting the truth in an attempt to paint itself in a more positive light as part of the pr damage control after the fact . 
  heck , even the simple fact of cnn knowing a person 's identity and contacting them directly can be intimidating to a private citizen opposed to their agenda . 
  so posting under the pseudonym `` hanassholesolo '' implicitly reveals his identity and removes the reasonable expectation of anonymity ? 
  publishing political art or phamplets under a pseudonym , even if sufficient research allows a journalist to find out the real name of the creator , is certainly protected anonymitym , as is speaking in a public venue while wearing a mask . 
  how is a forum pseudonym any different ? 
  well , now the image in my head is the baltics breaking off the coast and becoming island nations in the middle of the baltic sea ( or even the atlantic . 
  if it was even remotely feasible , i 'd totally support this plan . 
  russia is in fact a psychotic and dangerous enough of a neighbor that if moving the entire country was an option at all , it would be an appealing one, 
  assuming russia does n't attack poland from the kaliningrad exclave , poland would definitely carry out a retaliatory strike against kaliningrad if the baltics were invaded . 
  so either way , poland is getting involved in that war . 
  and if the rest of nato just ignores it , then nato is likely to completely disintegrate and germany will be next in line after russia has built up for a few years after the tremendous success in the baltics and poland . 
  germany knows that , and will likely get involved as well , and at that point it 's definitely wwiii , even if everyone maintains sanity and does n't let it go nuclear . 
  but the additional equipment also provides additional hitting power . 
  it 's more bang for the same amount of manpower , which can be a big deal if you 're a minor constrained primarily by manpower . 
  i could totally see an evangelist arguing that porn addiction is a thing that destroys people 's sex lives . 
  but i think it 's a feminist : based on the `` still having this discussion in 2011 '' part . 
  it screams `` why the heck do you still hold on to outdated morality arguments '' . 
  an evangelist would press more on the slippery slope of past relaxation of sexual norms , rather than assuming an issue of morality has been `` settled '' by past discussions . 
  betting on leftists ; possibly from before iq-based education measurements started producing results they did n't like . 
  in other words : if merkel was n't merkel . 
  as enthusiastic as i am of nuclear in general , these unstable , poorly-maintained soviet disasters are cause for serious concern . 
  that particular platform [ already had a fire break out on it ] ( http://bellona.org/news/nuclear-issues/2017-07-fire-aboard-floating-nuclear-plants-ignites-fresh-debate ) as they were preparing it for transit . 
  they likely wont reach it , ever . 
  the russian military is a paper dragon in many ways . 
  it has a small number of capable formations that get all the competent and motivated soldiers in the ranks , sure , but quite frankly with all the cuts to military spending since the end of the cold war , those formations are nowhere near the quantity threat that the soviet equivalent was . 
  and all of russia 's foreign expeditions draw their equipment and `` volunteers '' from those , so they 'll have to spend time recalling the troops on `` vacation '' to get these formations to full strength again . 
  these competent troops will likely be the spearhead of a russian push through poland and into germany . 
  but the bulk of the russian army consists of unmotivated conscripts , is rife with corruption and possesses poorly-maintained systems due to both a shortage of spare parts , and the general uncaring attitude of the conscripts involved . 
  an that 's not even getting into the ethnic tensions between different people making up the conscript force . 
  after two years of sanctions , consistently low oil prices , and funding a puppet regime and its ' proxy war against ukraine , the russian economy is not looking too good . 
  given the amount of forces involved , russia can run wild for a month or so , but then it 's over . 
  for one , the baltics and poland wo n't stop resisting just because the front line has rolled over them : guerilla resistance under occupation is a significant part of their defense strategy , and all four nations have invested a lot into guerilla preparations , even if they do n't like drawing public attention to it and keep the specifics classified . 
  but more importantly , russia will quickly be out of money to pay the financial costs of a sustained , large-scale war on top of all other expenses of a functioning state , and the west 's banking system will be unwilling to provide any kind of credit to them . 
  the only way russia could possibly sustain a war long enough to get past berlin , is if china starts footing the bill of the war when russia ca n't afford it anymore . 
  which is essentially russia accepting that they are a pawn in china 's sphere of influence , rather than a major player in their own right , and likely not going to happen at all . 
  oh boy , this pseudo-myth again . 
  yes , it 's true the soldiers of the red army were instrumental in saving europe from fascism . 
  but here is a ( non-exhaustive ) list of what the usa and britain gave to the soviets through lend-lease :, 
  * keeping japan fully occupied in the pacific , preventing the opening of a far-east front against the ussr . 
  without the american threat against japan , the russo-japanese non-aggression pact would n't have been worth the paper it was written on . 
  * 27 000 tonnes of nickel ( 75 % of ussr 's wartime supply ; used in the armor alloy of t-34 tanks ), 
  * 17 000 tonnes of molybdenum concentrate ( nearly 100 % of soviet supply ; another material required for high-quality armor alloy production for the t-34 ), 
  * over 50 000 tonnes of industrial electrodes used in steel production and processing . 
  * 140 000 tonnes of tool-quality steel , used to further expand soviet military production, 
  * 45 000 machining benches used in processing raw steel into guns , artillery and tanks . 
  * various western tanks , over 10 000 in total , critical to defensive operations while t-34 production was still being established . 
  * 2000 locomotives and 11 000 rail cars , allowing the soviets to abandon their own train and wagon production almost entirely , retooling almost all their train factories to tank production . 
  * the famous zis-2 long 57mm anti-tank gun would not have existed without lend-lease , since only the precision machinery obtained through lend-lease was capable of drilling such a long and narrow gun barrel . 
  * over 600 million rifle-caliber rounds , over 500 million large-caliber machine gun rounds , 3 million 20mm aa shells , 18 million mortar shells, 
  * 375 000 transport trucks , delivering the ( american-provided ) ammo , from the ( american ) supply trains in rail stations to the front line . 
  * 50 000 officer jeeps , 16 000 tank radio sets , 29 000 infantry radio sets , 619 000 telephones and 1.9 million kilometers of telephone cable , without which the soviet command structure would have been reduced to signal flags , flares and horseback messengers for communication . 
  * 18 000 military aircraft of various types . 
  * aluminum and lightweight alloys of chromium used in the production of native soviet metal airframes ( pe-2 ) . 
  * phenol solutions used to manufacture high-quality plywood for native soviet wooden airframes ( la-series aircraft ), 
  * soviet planes consumed over 3 million tonnes of aviation gas during the war . 
  a third of this was manufactured in america and delivered to the soviets . 
  the second third of it used high-octane fuel-additives , obtained entirely through lend-lease , to improve domestically produced fuel up to aviation standard . 
  the final third was manufactured in complex chemical factories manufactured in america , disassembled and shipped to the ussr and reassembled . 
  * 6300 tonnes of tetraehtyl lead , an antidetonation additive critical to manufacturing aviation fuel for propeller aircraft . 
  this amount covered the entire soviet aviation fuel production until the soviets developed their own ability to produce the material around 1950 . 
  these resources were effectively given to the soviets nearly for free , as the soviets effectively gave a total of less than 10 % of the value of lend-lease equipment and resources back to the us ( some of it in gold and other precious metals , most of it in grain ) and had the remainder written off in 1972 . 
  you uhh ... you do realize the billionaires will just take their money and leave to a less tax-crazy country if a bill like that gets anywhere close to being passed into law , right ?
