  the problem is , economic isolation might * still * send russia into chaos even if putin offs the oligarchs and cements himself as ruler . 
  while it 's true that the common people of russia do n't get any say in their country 's policies , the vast majority of them still supports those policies , judging by putin 's approval rating . 
  so as far as i 'm concerned , they 've made their bed and now they have to lie in it . 
  less sympathy ? 
  the majority of the russian people already believe that ` the west ' and the u.s. are the main obstacles to the restoration of russian glory . 
  while it 's true there are ' a lot ' of russians who disagree , ' a lot ' is still a minority in russia . 
   it is only a minority of the countries in the world beeing dicks and looking for conflict with russia nowadays, 
  being dicks ? 
  living in a country that borders russia , i can firmly say that russia is the one being a dick here . 
  neither are we looking for conflict with russia . 
  we simply are n't willing to let russia trample over the rights of other sovereign countries just because russia believes it owns them . 
  if we let russia do that in ukraine , then it sets a precedent for doing it here in estonia . 
  except they 're not and they should n't and it is n't . 
  while some of the rebels * are * local , it 's mostly russia sending russian soldiers in unmarked uniforms across the border to make sure the rebels do n't flat out lose . 
  not to mention all the military equipment . 
  the reason nato expanded , was that the countries on russia 's doorstep were terrified of russia and desperately wanted to join nato while they still could . 
  what 's going on in ukraine shows that countries bordering russia do in fact need that protection . 
  unfortunately for both us estonians and estonian russians , russia is n't going to actually ask the local russians if they want to be protected . 
  except maybe asking the marginal extremist minority . 
  back when i still held to my very radical ( and very , very crazy ) beliefs , i would have said yes without hesitation . 
  these days ... 
  i do n't know . 
  muslim terrorists have also caused the deaths of thousands . 
  not all of them americans , not all of them christians . 
  do all muslims deserve to suffer for the crimes of the radicals ? 
  did the victims of muslim terrorists deserve what happened to them ? 
  eye for an eye ... leaves the world blind . 
  but it 's still a ( really fucked up ) version of justice . 
  dammit morality is complicated . 
  see response to / u/damanmohansingh, 
  only because the hardliners fucked up their coup . 
  see [ august putsch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991_soviet_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat_attempt ), 
  point there . 
  but if they 're really as dominantly opposed to putin as you seem to imply , then why are n't we seeing a revolution in russia ? 
  except nato did n't go to the lands around russia and say `` you are ours now '' . 
  the lands around russia went to nato and said `` we want to join you , because we are afraid of russia '' . 
  hm . . looks like another mistaken assumption on my part regarding the much-famed courage and spirit of the russian people . 
  then again , i keep forgetting not everyone considers martyrdom a good way to go , like i do . 
  mastery badge is n't the only one that does n't qualify . 
  i know that you also do n't get ` courageous resistance ' for the spartan , cool-headed and lucky medals . 
  most likely , there are other medals that do n't qualify either . 
   ` murica !, 
  ftfy, 
  are you implying there 's countries where the government does ? 
  dota and all clones . 
  and really , any game where apm is a serious measure of skill . 
  i wonder what model this is . 
  the gun looks like it 's a 5cm cannon , so i 'd say it 's at least f , but i 'm too new to / r/tankporn to tell for sure . 
  job security is actually a really big personal concern for career politicians , not just in the us but everywhere . 
  a lot of them do n't actually have any ( up-to-date ) job experience in anything besides politics . 
  which makes it understandable from an individual perspective that they try to cement their position . 
  but yeah , still no benefit to their constituents . 
   of course , we still do n't ( afaik ) understand the `` science '' of offending behaviour and rehabilitation , so it 's not as easy as `` punish the offender or fix the problem '' , since we ca n't do so reliably yet . 
  nailed it on the head as to why people ( myself included ) still argue for sentencing to be about punishment , rather than rehabilitation . 
  because rehabilitation still is n't something that we can reliably make happen . 
  if rehabilitation was something that worked 100 % of the time , sure , i 'd support it . 
  but i suspect that 's not going to happen , unless we start full-on brainwashing convicts , which is even worse than what we have now . 
  of course , my opinion is heavily colored by the local situation here in estonia , where pretty much anything that does n't undermine the public image of the police/courts ( i.e , vigilante crime ) results in nothing more than a slap on the wrist . 
  as in , a probation period which only results in prison time if you commit another crime during the ( laughably short ) probation period . 
  including murder , if the defense attorney is able to pass it off as manslaughter . 
  florida has / r/floridaman, 
  seeing these girls do something that disgusting for their own amusement , i 'm tempted to say that those girls are not worth the effort it would take to ` help ' them . 
  they certainly do n't deserve that help . 
  it 's easier to just label them as beyond saving . 
  hence all the calls for permanently kicking them out of society in some manner . 
  and personally , i 'm not sure which side is right here . 
  maybe . 
  but then comes the issue of the 31 % where it does n't . 
  what 's the solution regarding them ? 
  flexible sentences , where an individual stays in prison until someone ( who ? ), 
  deemes that they have been rehabilitated ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure that wo n't be abused at all . 
  have other suggestions , but too tired to go into them now . 
  he 's complaining , because the iphone 's licensing would be completely outrageous if something similar were applied to a computer . 
  and he 's arguing that those restrictions should n't exist , same way they do n't exist on computers . 
  after all , smartphones are basically small touchscreen computers . 
  in the 20s , prohibition laws were n't passed because someone wanted to make a profit from it . 
  or because ` the man ' needed to fill his oppression quota that year . 
  it was passed because nothing else was working to put a stop to the rampant alcoholism . 
  ( not that prohibition really worked , either ), 
  and you think it 's a great idea to legalize even more addictive substances ? 
  edit : what i mean with my final question is about legalizing additional addictive substances . 
  did n't mean to imply that marijuana is more addictive than alcohol ( i know it is n't ) . 
  poor wording on my part ; english is n't my first language . 
  i meant legalize even more of different addictive substances . 
  i do n't believe marijuana is more addictive than alcohol . 
  this . 
  i would give you gold , had i any to give . 
  the problem is that electrical heating is expensive as hell during winter , compared to gas heating . 
  about twice as expensive , in fact . 
  supporting the people that need this financial help is not going to be a one-time expense of having electric heating systems installed . 
  it 's going to be a permanent , annual increase in social support . 
  and keep in mind that a lot of that 11 % is part of the russian minority . 
  we really do n't need them to have an actual legitimate reason for being dissatisfied with their life in estonia , such as them freezing in winter because they ca n't afford to pay for electrical heating when russia sets ridiculous prices for the gas supply . 
  or cuts it off entirely . 
  tl ; dr situation not as simple as it looks on paper . 
  such ` mini games ' are actually very common in chess . 
  except they do n't decide which side ( black/white ) goes first . 
  they decide which player gets white .
