  roleplay/style reasons , mainly . 
  also , the hand cannon can use various special ammo types , which the hellpistol ca n't . 
  beyond that , the errata makes no mention of this choice , or nerfs/buffs the weapons in question , so it 's likely just the choice between the more powerful weapon , and the option of using special ammo . 
  edt : and the crit profiles of impact and energy damage are different , and at a glance impact looks slightly less lethal , so a minutely better choice for if you want to capture someone alive . 
  also the glitchy pipe connection overlapping the solid fuel plant . 
  and the underground pipe slightly overlapping the underground blue belt right next to the splitter . 
  true enough , but in a real long-term crisis situation like a civil war ... you 're going to want a loading bench even if you have a stockpile . 
  especially with how stockpiling in the long term can backfire through ammo expiration or just get expensive because of that . 
  given how everyone recommends firing out ammo that you 've opened , i had never thought about self life in sealed canisters and decided to look it up . 
  apparently 50 years is n't even a big deal for factory-sealed containers , and those sealed containers can even last beyond a human lifetime , if properly stored . 
  in cool , dark and dry conditions , modern ammo with smokeless powder ( i.e , anything produced after the 1930s ) should keep for at least a decade , even if exposed to the air . 
  so unless you actually store it in terrible conditions , primer and casing degradation is actually not as much of a problem as i thought it would be . 
  that comment was founded on the fact that illegal immigrants are criminals by definition , since they 've broken the law by not waiting to immigrate ( or by not respecting the rejection of their application ) . 
  and then delusional people who desperately do n't want to admit the president is n't the uncouth moron the media tries to paint him as , misinterpreted the comment to mean all mexicans . 
  alternatively `` because the beauty of the white aryan woman most not perish from the earth '', 
  it goes beyond general antisemitism of the era in hitler 's case . 
  there was an attempted [ communist revolution in 1918-1919 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_revolution_of_1918%e2%80%9319 ) . 
  although crushed , the conflict was severe enough that it is sometimes even referred to as a civil war . 
  jews were heavily overrepresented in the leadership of the communist movement , and thus hitler , when establishing his ideological basis , condemned the `` international jewry '' as a hostile minority that aimed to establish their own rule over not only germans , but other nations as well , and would try again if allowed the opportunity . 
  dammit i ai n't givin ' you no tree fiddy !, 
  there is a sadder variation of this , when you 're blind . 
  i 'd say it 's also about pacing . 
  you can play 15 minutes when taking a break , finish a short dungeon and then get back to work or something . 
  could be the admins . 
  they can gild comments at will without paying anything . 
  i 've noticed the same of * mead with juniper berries * , which you can find on the second story of one of the ruined houses in helgen . 
  essentially mead buffs without the drunk effect . 
  which for a stamina-basedwarrior is pretty op early-on . 
  fortunately , they only respawn when the cell respawns , which is a far more limited availability than merchant restock . 
  i 'd add that it 's also factually inaccurate : tap water in estonia is perfectly safe to drink . 
  if they do n't even bother doing proper research on the actual topic of the infographic , it 's no surprise they have n't bothered with the design . 
  not necessarily . 
  if the red army gets utterly shattered , runs out of equipment and is n't given the time to regroup before the big city battles , it 's entirely plausible for stalingrad or moscow to fall quickly and with low german casualties . 
  that said , the ai should definitely be better and more aggressive at containing and cutting off overextended advances . 
  and better at using fallback lines . 
  but the mistake was letting communism survive and fester after the war , and letting that cancer spread into the schools and universities of the west . 
  you sure they were n't suiciding into italian forts ? 
  if not , then the only answer i can think of is overruns : you pushed french units to retreat , and then your fast units reach the next province , into which their ( slow ) units were retreating , before the french units could complete their retreat , insta-wiping their retreating units without a battle . 
  the sublight speeds are way too fast to be realistic in any way , especially at the start of the game . 
  imo , the only way stellaris ' movement system makes sense is if `` sublight '' travel is just an abstraction of micro-ftl within a system . 
  basically , if you know you 're not going to hold the front ( or a specific salient ) create a fallback line that you intend to be the front for a while . 
  ideally , the fallback line would be flowing along defensive terrain , like behind a river or along the edge of forest/hill terrain edge , so if you counterattack , you 'll counterattack into plains . 
  assign full-strength units to it and let them build up the entrenchment bonus . 
  when units have filled the line and their entrenchment bonus is all built up , create a new fallback line further behind the first one and assign your exhausted frontline units to it , so they can recover while the first fallback line holds the front and bleeds the opponent . 
  another point of fallback lines is to prevent vp rushes by single truck divisons . 
  they 'll hit the fallback line and get stopped when they 're overextended . 
  well , these days governing ethics are n't set in stone anymore . 
  you can promote militarist faction and shift to a more aggressive stance , if your peaceful ways are n't working out for you . 
  your pops are definitel within their rights to go `` no more nice pacifist guy '' , if they keep getting taken advantage of because of that . 
  for militarism , you also need to reinforce the faction attraction by being perpetually at war , even if you 're not actually gaining any territory from the wars . 
  just drag the wars out as much as possible . 
  since you 're egalitarian , you should also be able to reinforce any faction attraction by electing the faction leader into office . 
  edit : looking into it some more , you can also look into genetically modifying your population . 
  adding the strong or very strong traits makes pops more attracted to militarism . 
  if you 're really committed to changing your society : losing a war makes your pops want to be militarist , and doubly so if you lose a world with citizen population on it . 
  i play the piratez mod for openxcom . 
  i do n't have to wonder , since i 've experienced enemies jumping straight from basic body armor and regular firearms in one month , to carapace and lasers the next , to power armor and gauss a month after that . 
  while i still have the same tier of armor an weapons because i 've been busy upgrading my air game . 
  they talked about `` the one-horned awakened '' ( priscilla ) , who killed ophelia 's brother , and figured out they both hated the same monster . 
  as ophelia realized that clare was obsessed with killing priscilla too , she started testing her before eventually accepting her death because of how horrified she was over having awakened . 
  i guess that experience varies by person . 
  hoi3 ( or rather , black ice mod ) was where i first started learning nato symbols and i found them pretty easy to figure out . 
  big x is some kind of infantry , ellips is some kind of armored unit , black dot ( like a cannonball ) is artillery . 
  the black triangle resembles a mountain , dots on the bottom looks like wheels for motorized , waves on the bottom or an anchor means amphibious . 
  i always thought it resembled a parachute . 
  those events are just a way to access the april fools ' day easter egg in an ironman save , where console commands are n't allowed . 
  on actual april 1st 2017 , the empire and the rebels spawned on their own , without the player having control . 
  for the actual map location : the empire spawns in southern finland . 
  do n't worry , you likely wo n't be the only one . 
  i recall there were a couple of estonian russians in my training company who could n't speak or understand a word of estonian either . 
  and they 'd been living in estonia their whole lives . 
  if you decide not to fight the bureaucratic bs and want to go , then you 'll learn as you go . 
  but no , there is n't a specialized program . 
  or at least there was n't in the * vahipataljon * in 2012 , anyway . 
  the math of claymore gets ridiculous at times . 
  someone did the math of the flash sword based on the manga page where clare uses the flash sword against ophelia in the lake water , crisscrossing the lake with thin sword cuts before the water subsequently exploded . 
  and the conclusion was that with the angles necessary due to the claymore 's length and the time length involved ( since the water did not yet have the time to flow into the `` cuts ) the flash sword had to reach ftl speeds . 
  actually calculating miria 's speed is likely impossible , since it 's about mobility and we ca n't judge how much time passes from panel to panel . 
  yes , it 's worth it , especially because you need the original game files to play openxcom , and its ' various total convesion mods . 
  including the absolutely amazing piratez mod ( where basically you 're playing a band of rebels after the `` game over '' screen of the original game ) . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , it 's first and foremost a matter of self-identification . 
  if they wanted to be estonian , they 'd be putting an effort into learning `` their own '' language . 
  but they consider themselves russian and want estonia and estonian to be more russian to accommodate them . 
  so whether they 've lived here their whole lives is irrelevant to whether they 're estonian or not . 
  instead of making an effort to integrate , they stress their different culture and origin , and demand the definition of `` estonian '' be expanded to include them . 
  they do n't consider themselves estonian , so why would i consider them such ? 
  perhaps sweden ? 
  they knew that the time of sunrise varied by meridian , yes . 
  at most , however , it was an irrelevant trivia fact for the people of that time , because they had no means of communication or travel that could outrun the planet 's rotation . 
  they never needed such precision , especially for distant communication that was going to be weeks or months out of date by the time it arrived . 
   but open borders should only exist within countries with similar standard of living . 
  that 's not open borders , according to some influential and loud loons who argue open borders mean unrestricted immigration from everywhere . 
  dodge is n't a specialist skill , which means you can take tests even if untrained ( unlike specialist skills , which do n't allow that ) . 
  others have already pointed out what the rules for an untrained test is . 
  for reference , the rules are on p95 of the core book . 
  they probably let bugs that make the new feature more prominent through , so people do n't get started saying that the dlc is just pdx milking money out of something that does n't really make a difference . 
  that or they just use console commands to test specific features , and neglect long-term observation of what happens in an organic game after a few hundred years . 
  pretty sure one of the devs openly said some time last year that almost all the qa testing is with ll dlc enabled . 
  iirc , the dev said the only test they do with no/limited dlc installed is `` does it crash on launch or cause obvious gui bugs '' . 
  policy not just for ck2 , but all of their clausewitz engine games .
