  destroying the handful of enemy forces inside the ruined city with us was simple , compared to the intense battle that had us close to the breaking point just minutes earlier . 
  even with the strange event , truce was not an option . 
  they had killed too many of ours , as we had killed too many of theirs . 
  perhaps it was a mistake , in hindsight . 
  but i have better things to do than dwell on things i can no longer change . 
  by the next morning , things were only marginally clearer . 
  seeing the night sky made it clear enough that we were far from home . 
  one of the higher rank officers had adequate knowledge of astronomy to say with certainty that we were no longer on earth . 
  the stars were simply wrong , for either hemisphere . 
  orders were to keep that from the troops until we had something reassuring to tell them . 
  that same day , we were approached by horseback riders . 
  weapons and armor like the norse warriors of old that i read about at school . 
  and an old man with a staff and white robes . 
  we did n't understand their language , they did n't understand ours . 
  did n't sound like russian , british or any other language i 'd hear , either . 
  i eventually decided to escort the old man and one of the knights to the command post and let the obersts and generals sort it out . 
  it 's getting close to sunset and they 're still at it , as far as i know ... 
  [ i suspect this should be tagged [ cw ] , given the current events restriction , but here goes . ], 
  the council 's big cennetial session was over , and truthfully , wrath was relieved . 
  his efforts had more or less peaked in the first half of his tenure . 
  he had accomplished two world wars , but despite all the power he had gained from the world-wide animosity , he was exhausted by the effort . 
  in hindsight , he realized it was coming a bit of a habit for him . 
  just like his last tenure , when he had pushed the mongols on their path of conquest . 
  he tried to do more , of course . 
  but at the height of the cuban crisis , the old man himself had forcefully reminded the council that they were n't allowed to end the world . 
  after that , wrath had largely stopped leading , sat back and let the each of the other sins do their own thing . 
  of the six others , gluttony had been the most active . 
  nobody knew exactly what he had been up to since the fifties , really . 
  it came as a surprise to wrath when gluttony was chosen to replace him . 
  he though it would turn out to be lust , after she had proved her ability to play the long game when she manipulated the creation of the internet . 
  not to mention the sexual revolution of the sixties . 
  but it was gluttony , and now wrath realized why . 
  his machinations , though subtle , were beginning to pay off . 
  social inequality was worsening . 
  first world vs third world . 
  the poor being forced to pay the debts of the banks they had trusted their wealth with . 
  in fact , the entire economy was founded entirely on the assumption that everyone would borrow money to live above their actual means . 
  those that refrained from debt and elected to practice austerity were ridiculed by those that did n't . 
  probably not going to elaborate further , though . 
  of course , if anyone is inspired by the start , no objections from me . 
  it was actually greed at first , but i changed it to gluttony as i realized the current economic problems are more about everyone ( individuals , government and corporations alike ) living above their means , rather than everyone hoarding and amassing wealth . 
  so many to choose from ... at 2 is an obvious choice . 
  to go with something less common , i 've discovered that pz sfl ivc ( flakbus , from here on ) is incredibly troll in the right circumstances . 
  camo crew + camo net + binocs + second gun + gun rammer makes it a great bush sniper on open maps , because the flakbus has such great view range for its ' tier . 
  keep shooting targets at the extreme of your view range and you can almost feel the impotent rage of enemy tanks as they 're getting shot up ( potentially permatracked as well ) by an invisible enemy . 
  while it 's true that it 's basic consumer responsibility to follow up on debt , it 's also a fact that between medical insurance companies , government programs and god knows what else , it 's somewhat of a hassle to know if you are even supposed to have a debt for something . 
  so most people go the easy route of ` keeping track ' of their debt situation based on which bills and debt notices arrive in their mail ( electronic or otherwise ) . 
  which is apparently how the system works under normal circumstances . 
  and if no bill arrives , then it is not at all unreasonable to arrive at the conclusion that the debt does n't exist . 
  it may be the wrong conclusion , yes , but it wo n't be an unreasonable one . 
  wow . 
  the steampunk angle never occurred to me . 
  i was so fixated on a robot being high-tech . 
  as far as i can tell , a `` generation '' is basically a `` class '' of claymores who trained together ( or at the same time ) and who were given their numbers at the same time . 
  except for exceptional cases ( like the first , male gen. ) , i think a `` generation '' probably consists of less than 10 claymores , added to the ranks as the deaths/awakenings reach a certain point . 
  this is all purely speculation , of course , which i came up with when i researched the whole thing for purposes of an rpg campaign . 
  keep in mind , this thing is not finished by any stretch . 
  there are plenty of rule gaps that have never come up during that only game i 've used it in . 
  edit : for instance , i mention that the geography skill could be used to increase travel speed , but there are in fact no written rules about travel speed at all . 
  looking at this shit is making me realize just how good the internet in estonia is . 
  limited data plans are only a thing for mobile internet . 
  for home connections , package price is soley defined by kb/s , and i 'm pretty sure it 's a breach of contract for estonian isps to use throttling like that . 
  my certainty comes from the fact that i have n't heard of isps in estonia trying to do that . 
  hmm ... 
  i recommend checking out the links in the builds menu at the top of the subbreddit . 
  it 's got solid advice in a good package already . 
  with 2,5 k , you have the resources to build even the future-proofed monster that is * the end-all *, 
  i know your pain from a different angle , brother . 
  i just upgraded my tower hardware to handle ultra detail even on modern games , but sadly did not have enough money left to upgrade monitor from 1080p . 
  of course . 
  that 's why i said `` under the right circumstances '' . 
  but yeah , you 're absolutely right . 
  it 's a tank that dies when spotted , because even td-mode arty ca n't miss it . 
  2018 - that 'll probably be the year that will go down as the official start of the third world war . 
  exactly a century from the end of the first . 
  well , getting into academic technicalities , it was really the second world war continued . 
  sure , some other dates get thrown around in academic debate . 
  2014 most notably , when the civil was started in ukraine . 
  russia openly stepped in as a `` peacekeeper '' that december . 
  in response the west started arming the ukrainian military . 
  2015 and 2017 were important years as well . 
  the former because the imperial restoration committee of japan came to power that year , following a political crisis . 
  there was enough mud in the water about those unscheduled elections that they might actually have been legitimate . 
  and of course , the latter , when japan abandoned its ' us ties and formed a military alliance with china . 
  russia , forced into near-total international isolation by this point , remained focused on the west , trying to depose the `` maidan fascists '' as they called them in propaganda , while simultaneously trying to annex belorussia bloodlessly , with bribes and threats in equal measure targeted at the political and military elite . 
  finally , on the 16th of december , 2017 , russian troops moved in to support a pro-integration coup in belorussia . 
  and on new years ' eve , the whole stack of cards fell apart . 
  reports were sketchy at the time , but putin was either dead , or in a critical condition at a hospital . 
  taking advantage of the momentary confusion , japan moved to reclaim the kurils in mid-january 2018 . 
  most likely , they expected that russia would simply cave in if japanese forces * de facto * held the territory , to avoid risking conflict with china . 
  it 's been three years since . 
  putin , widely held responsible for starting everything , died in hospital a months after the war started . 
  but the war rages on . 
  nato joined the conflict in order to contain chinese expansion . 
  the koreas have renewed their conflict as well , though it quickly turned into a classic trench warfare stalemate along the dmz . 
  it 's a minor miracle that the strategic nukes still have n't been used . 
  correction , they have n't been used successfully . 
  north korea tried , but everything they launched fell apart in the air or got intercepted . 
  in any case , it seems only a matter of time ... 
  you 're the author of the video ?
