  i would love to see that fight . 
  write a story based on [ robot violinist by savagesparrow ] ( http://www.deviantart.com/art/robot-violinist-152017384 ) . 
  i 've been trying to write a story based on this image for a while now . 
  i get this nebulous feeling of having a great idea for a story when i look at the picture , but i 've come up with nothing but duds . 
  i 'm hoping seeing a good story written for this clears the block from my head . 
  or at least satisfies my inner muse so it lets me move on to other works . 
  well , as i discovered this wonderful subreddit today , i could n't help but share my creation . 
  a link to the rulebook of [ claymore d10 ] ( http://www.myth-weavers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=23966&tg=30536 ) , a homebrew system i created for a play-by-post rpg set in the claymore universe . 
  well , not really . 
  i originally created the basic outline of the system for superhero games and then adapted the framework for claymore . 
  for now , it 's a series of forum posts . 
  after i finish writing this , i 'll get to work on a pdf/odt version . 
  i sent a message with a join request and reddit username to the deputy commander ( as instructed by the clan page ) . 
  it 's been five days now and still no response . 
  is the recruitment closed , or is the dep commander just asleep ? 
  edit : to clarify , i am talking about the eu rddt2 , not the na counterpart . 
  i 've been looking for the elven smithing book ( among others ) for a while now , and i have n't found one . 
  does anyone know if there 's a guaranteed spawn besides the winterhold library shop ? 
  or any recommended dungeons where it is likely to spawn as boss loot ? 
  mostly asking since i do n't intend to join the college for roleplay reasons . 
  after an errant thought , i saw the similarities between the witcher games and claymore . 
  so i got to wondering , does anyone know any crossovers between the two universes ? 
  i have googled it , but nothing significant turned up . 
  edit : i might also write a few short snippets here , if anyone is interested . 
  after response in another post , i 'm going ahead with this interactive story . 
  after each post , claymores of this subreddit get to ~ ~ choose ~ ~ vaguely influence geralt 's actions . 
  there are options for geralt 's reaction at the end . 
  upvote existing choice posts , instead of making repeat posts . 
  i 'll take the most upvoted choice in a couple of days and write another post up to the next choice . 
  * it was shortly after his release from the dungeons of vizima that geralt heard of the presence of another witcher in the city . 
  a most unusual woman with pale skin , pale hair and silver eyes . 
  i saw her once myself , in passing , before i began chronicling geralt 's tale . 
  while decidedly unfeminine in her appearance , there was an exotic beauty to her . 
  her appearance is a memory that has stuck with me through the years . 
  geralt , however , later told me he was wary of this supposed witcher at the time . 
  he knew that he was the only witcher to have the mutation of white hair , hence his well-known nickname `` white wolf '' . 
  geralt entered the seedy inn that the `` she-witcher '' reportedly stayed in . 
  according to latest rumor , she had slain a powerful bruxa recently , a creature named lilly by the populace , and turned in the trophy . 
  he immediately picked her out of the scene , sitting at the bar drinking something or other . 
  before geralt could approach her , another man stepped in between them and loudly called to the woman . 
  `` oy , you . 
  silver-eyed witch . '' the sell-sword ( his profession obvious by the arms and armor ) `` you may ` ave the huntsman and those dimwits in the guard fooled , but i 've met plenty of witchers . 
  and i c 'n tell you ai n't one of them . '', 
  the room fell still . 
  slowly , flagons were placed on tables as eyes turned to what might break out in a fight . 
  the woman did not respond . 
  not visibly , at least , but geralt could feel his talisman vibrating slightly , signifying a source of magic nearby . 
  options :, 
  * 1 ) `` she might not be a witcher , but i am . '', 
  * 2 ) `` and you think meeting a few of us makes you an expert ? '', 
  * 3 ) ( do nothing . ), 
  i 've noticed that enemy mages and seem to have a near-infinite pool of magika . 
  this is particularly noticeable when they put up a ward spell . 
  even after reaching level 30 as a mage , i 'm continually outmatched by any opponent mages in terms of magicka and magicka regen . 
  despite having dramatically superior equipment compared to what i find on their corpses . 
  this is also noticeable on sword and board bandits . 
  they can maintain their block stance indefinitely ( i 've checked with getav , their stamina is actually regenerating while they block ) . 
  so my question is , do all those enemies simply have high skill levels and legitimate perks that i do n't have ( being at level 50-60 with my primary of my magic skills ) ? 
  or are those npcs cheating a little by getting hidden regen buffs that a player character does n't get ? 
  or are the cheating a lot by playing by different rules ( i.e , not losing magicka regen while holding up a ward ) . 
  when i try to run skyproc , i get an error about `` requiem dragonborn-sic-ccor patch.esp '' having missing masters ( immersive creatures.esp and immersive creatures-dlc2 . esp ) . 
  except i do n't use immersive creatures , or its ' related patches . 
  only ccor . 
  any suggestion on how to fix this without installing immersive creatures ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  i had forgotten to disable unnecessary esps after installing requiem - ccor patch . 
  leaving this up in case anyone else has the same probem . 
  my current mouse ( logitech m205 ) has served me well for several years , but is clearly approaching the end of its ' lifetime . 
  most notably , the left mouse button sometimes `` stutters '' when i hold it down , creating a series of extremely fast clicks , rather than registering as being continuously held down . 
  so i 'm now looking for a replacement , but i have no idea what would be a good gaming mouse . 
  definitely looking for a wireless model , on a budget of $ 50 at most . 
  any mice in that price range that you 've had good experiences with , brothers ? 
  i have requiem and ccor installed ( with the appropriate patches ) , and i 'm unable to temper weapons and armor , despite having materials available . 
  is this a common bug ? 
  is it a bug at all ? 
  is there anything i can do to fix it , besides just waiting for a patch update ? 
  for some reason , every time i start skyrim , i get a series of directx errors . 
  error message : `` the procedure entry point direct3dcreate9ex could not be located in the dynamic link library d3d9.dll . '', 
  strange part is , i can just ` ok ' my way through the six or seven messages and skyrim still starts up . 
  however , the window minimzes after the first series of messages , so when i click on the icon to maximize it again , it produces a second series of errors before i finally get into the game . 
  i 'm also fairly certain there are more physics glitches in the game . 
  for a reliable example : a goat falls from the sky every time i visit darkwater crossing for the first time . 
  the game is also more likely to ctd . 
  any idea on how to fix this ? 
  load order :, 
  unofficial skyrim patch.esp, 
  unofficial dawnguard patch.esp, 
  unofficial hearthfire patch.esp, 
  unofficial dragonborn patch.esp, 
  unofficial high resolution patch.esp, 
  complete crafting overhaul_remade . esp, 
  requiem - resources.esp, 
  requiem - unofficial patches and dborn.esp, 
  requiem - dragonborn - sic - ccor patch.esp, 
  requiem - dragonborn - ccor patch.esp, 
  requiem - ccor patch.esp, 
  requiem - ccor patch - hearthfires.esp, 
  guard dialogue overhaul.esp, 
  amidianborn_skyforge_weapons . esp, 
  climatesoftamriel-nights-level-2 . esp,
