  convincing an educated mage to serve the empire in battle is a fair deal more complicated than drafting them by force or appealing to blind patriotism . 
  the only real option is to bribe them with gold , or with land and titles . 
  if the empire could afford to maintain an army of mages , it probably already would be . 
  likewise with the titles : if the established nobility would n't revolt against granting land and titles en-masse to mages in exchange for their military service , the empire would already have established such an army . 
  well , that attrition is probably going to rip the german equipment reserves . 
  rodzaevsky was probably imitating mussolini in his ideology , just as hitler was . 
  the habbakuk carrier . 
  i 'm seeing the national spirit already :, 
   carrier : deck size +200 % ; hp +200 % ; speed -75 %, 
  that thing was basically a fucking massive iceberg with engines . 
  theoretically unsinkable because the pykrete material of the hull was buoyant in its ' entirety , unlike steel . 
  here 's the thing , though : that procurement chain itself can be a liability . 
  the modern supply and production chain of the us military has never , ** absolutely never ** , been threatened by armed resistance . 
  those `` crazy survivalists '' in the us can threaten the us military in ways that russia or guerillas in the middle east simply ca n't , because both russia and the islamists still need to cross the ocean to hit the us at the home front . 
  civilian militias though ? 
  they 're already at the home front . 
  they can hit the fuel trucks headed for military airfields on the local highway . 
  they can sabotage or steal from munitions factories with the assistance on inside sympathizers . 
  not to mention the military itself will face serious morale issues if the government orders them to attack us citizens . 
  desertion would definitely become an issue , and outright mutiny of entire formations would n't be out of the question either . 
  sure , they ~ ~ give bribe ~ ~ lobby like everyone else . 
  which is a separate problem . 
  the press has special privileges and protections which other corporations do not . 
  the idea being that an informed public can make their own decision who to vote for , instead of relying on being told who to vote for . 
  the corporate media claims to be neutral and claims to give unbiased accounts as they `` inform the public '' , when in reality they 're just spewing propaganda made in collusion with the clinton campaign . 
  absolutely not . 
  the russians were scared of not knowing exactly . 
  they could make some educated guesses , certainly , and arrive at a number quite close to the truth . 
  but nobody actually * knew * ( until hillary just told everyone ) . 
  not only that , but with this confirmation it 's possible for foreign intelligence agencies to make additional plans and better educated guesses about specific us nuclear capabilities and the nuclear chain of command . 
   no it wo n't . 
  it will do the same thing it always has : follow orders . 
  this right here shows how little understanding of military training you have . 
  one of the first things they teach to soldiers , is to judge orders on a basic `` is this a war crime or not ? '', 
  level . 
  because even the worst near-illiterate thugs know about the holocaust and how `` i was just followink orders ! '', 
  has n't cut it as an excuse since nuremberg . 
  the local cops , though ? 
  yeah , that 's going to be the main force used against people who take up arms against government corruption , because voting and peaceful protest demonstrably does n't work and never has . 
  but the cops are n't the military . 
  for all their militarization , they do n't have fighter jets or gunships . 
  just japanocentrism typical to anime in general . 
  it 's not unusual for an anime to just ignore blatantly obvious racial/ethnic features in characters . 
  the characters just ... do n't notice the differences and its ' never brought up . 
  or worse , an anime might just make all characters `` look japanese '' , even when there really should be differences from a story perspective . 
  initially , they just remain in place and get orders not to attack the enemy unless the enemy attacks first . 
  they definitely do n't try to walk over to the enemy lines , because that 's how armistices break down . 
  i was there from the start ( or at least well before bernie was cheated out of the nomination ) , and i do n't know the exact story either . 
  at some point , someone made a shitpost , and it became a meme where other shitposts did n't . 
  who can say why and how dreams become memes ? 
  for estonia : no . 
  one of the requirements of gaining estonian citizenship is renouncing russian ( or any other ) citizenship . 
  estonia does not permit dual citizenship at all . 
   `` peanut buttering is better than firebombing , and trump plans on firebombing everybody in other countries , '' ms ferguson reportedly said . 
  [ that 's definitely ironic ] ( http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/politics-government/article108627627.html ) . 
  clinton supporters in action , people . 
  the finland ai has a bunch of manual biases for historical accuracy . 
  it 's entirely historical for finland to join axis , because finland was strongly revanchist after being forced to cede karelia to the ussr in the winter war . 
  the only way finland will join the allies is if germany declares on them . 
  you 've messed something up with your mod install . 
  most vanilla tech trees are replaced by millenium dawn , if you 've got empty tech pages and focuses from 1940 , then you have a bad install of the mod . 
  unsubscribe all mods from the workshop ; delete all remaining files in ` document/paradox interactive/hearts of iron iv/mods ' and then resubscribe to mods in the workshop . 
  currently , millennium dawn gives new tech trees for everything except the three doctrine pages , the electronics page and the support division page . 
  eh , better than what estonia gets . 
  we just have the generic vanilla portraits for generals . 
  advancing toward enemy lines can be seen as an attack even when it 's not . 
  for a defending soldier in wwi , the most dangerous and brutal part of any battle was when the attacker actually made it across the no man 's land and stormed the trenches . 
  there was always the possibility the enemy has n't heard of the cease fire yet and is actually still attacking , so a defending soldier would have every right to open fire in such a hypothetical situation . 
  so basically : under no reasonable circumstance would either side have reason to advance toward enemy lines after an armistice has been declared . 
  not even to `` chat and share smokes '' . 
  especially since a ) there 's definitely a language barrier ; and b ) they 're still the enemy , even if there 's an armistice ( that might not actually result in lasting peace ) . 
  unless the clan leader is the same caliber of chucklefuck . 
  oh god that horrible wall of text in the second two-thirds of the description . 
  it looks like your formatting and line breaks broke around where you listed the buildings ai is n't allowed to build . 
  lucky you . 
  so far , every game i 've played , the iraq war has never happened . 
  the us just goes down a different focus path . 
  not as unrealistic as you 'd think . 
  the `` final '' solution was n't only final as in `` permanent '' but as in `` last resort '' . 
  the nazis did originally have plans to deport them all , particularly to the middle-east . 
  but the international diplomacy of that solution never panned out . 
  and then the senior nazis started going crazy from all the drugs they were doing to keep themselves awake and capable of leading the nation at war . 
  nope , their address did n't change . 
  if you had the ( ip ) address , you could still get there . 
  here 's a better explanation : your browser is a taxi service . 
  telling the driver `` take me to reddit 's house '' does n't help them . 
  so you need to also have your address book ( the dns ) to tell the driver the actual address . 
  or , if you 've memorized the address , you can also tell the address directly : writing ~ ~ 151.101.65.140 in the browser 's address bar will get you to reddit , even if the dns is down . ~ ~ nope . 
  old information . 
  not sure what reddit 's ip is . 
  but the point remains : if you have the ip address of a site , you can still connect to it even if the dns is down . 
  but only the most paranoid of internet geeks actually bother to write down the ip addresses of the sites they visit just in case . 
  there 's just too many of them to memorize . 
  at most , sysadmins memorize the ips of sites they manage . 
  and yes , the addresses do change frequently enough that you need to update any list you keep at least once a quarter to keep it up-to-date . 
  and naturally , some paranoid people think ctr/srs shills are trying to take over again . 
  and the current top mods appointed 12 days ago are adding fuel to the fire by just deleting comments that point this out . 
  basically , this spin-off scenario : a few years into the future , japan has established a small town on the other other side of the gate . 
  there 's a significant japanese population in falmart ; more than just a military base . 
  and then the gate closes , stranding the japanese and forcing them to build up industries locally .
