  one of the things i hated most about hoi3 , was how the game felt like it was completely on rails in terms of war declarations and diplomacy . 
  what i hope for the most , is the ai of the baltic states refusing the soviet annexation and seeing what happens . 
  the way it worked in hoi3 was clunky , to say the least . 
  and the soviets getting cores on the territory before the baltics even accepted the ultimatum was borderline offensive . 
  soviets got full territorial pride bonuses when invading if the ultimatum was refused , and did n't get partisan uprisings in the region , counter to what happened in reality . 
  when you teleport down , you always land at the same spot . 
  try to remember which way you went after you first beamed down and go in the same direction to find your house . 
  also , planets wrap around , so even if you remember wrong , you 'll eventually reach your house from the other direction . 
  there 's no `` left edge '' or `` right edge '' to regular planet maps . 
  yep . 
  [ brainfuck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brainfuck ) is the name . 
  hm ... in hoi3 , i tried to play portugal as a colonial power , focused on seizing colonies in the pacific once the rest of the world is busy elsewhere . 
  it did n't really work then , since the british seized portugal 's pacific islands by event , and portugal did n't even get a choice to refuse . 
  hopefully , that 's different in hoi4 and portugal can refuse or join a faction in response . 
  it 's pretty obvious what 's going on . 
  they 're afraid of getting overthrown , so they 're trying to get a critical mass of muslim supporters over here for the inevitable race war . 
  ~ ~ it 's ~ ~ i 'd say light armor leveling needs to get a good look at . 
  as it stands , the skill is nigh-impossible to train unless you metagame and obtain an endgame set from a high-level dungeon that lets you sneak to the boss chest at low levels . 
  perhaps a daily `` armor practice '' ability where the player goes through a lengthy animation and gains an amount of armor experience that becomes insignificant around level 50 or so . 
  edit : a word, 
  does n't strictly need to beat the royal navy . 
  just get defensively specialized garrisons in place before war breaks out . 
  getting the naval superiority to attempt invasion is one thing , but actually dislodging the garrisons is another . 
  i imagine portugal would have to ally japan or join the axis and then let japan take the bulk of the damage fighting the rn . 
  if that 's the case , i 'd say it 's a pretty good photoshop . 
  it might work , but i think the soviet equipment situation is really bad at the start . 
  i 'm also pretty sure the soviets get a significant penalty to industry if trotsky takes over , like what happened in the www stream . 
  which means they have to take the officer purge focus early on , wasting time that would otherwise be spent on improving their industry . 
  they can look at the data and see that the temperature has risen same as everyone else . 
  the difference is , a rise in temperature could have reasons other than human activity , which is what climate change skeptics generally argue about . 
  they 're not suggesting that climate is n't changing , they 're arguing that humans are not the cause of this change . 
  that 's just bonuses to research speed and/or extra research slots . 
  is n't this . . basically abbey with the western corridor removed ? 
   direct control often results in camels too . 
  see also : star wars prequels . 
  [ this is the source ] ( http://www.cambridge.org/us/academic/subjects/history/economic-history/cambridge-economic-history-modern-europe-volume-2#contentstabanchor ) , in case you 're interested . 
  yeah . 
  and considering they require `` the president erdogan offensive poetry competition '' to be the heading , searching from such a database would be trivial . 
  basically :, 
  select email.sender from civil_email where heading = `` the president erdogan offensive poetry competition '', 
  except coercion is still avoided . 
  it does n't matter if someone is looking over your shoulder to force you to vote for the right person , since you can change your vote and override the earlier one when they 're gone . 
  or just have your online vote overridden by voting at the ballot station . 
  named after the real-life [ visegrad group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ), 
  explaining the economic benefits of a governance solution that would essentially gerrymander any right-wing voting groups into irrelevance . 
  business as usual for nytimes , i suppose . 
   first of all you sit back . 
  it is not upon you to agressively carry your team to victory , so relax . 
  so what 's the right thing to do when the top tier tanks are sucking out ? 
  just be a docile pinata of xp and credits for the enemy because there 's nothing you can do to carry ? 
   again - this is not a game where a solo tank is supposed to single handedly win a game . 
  and the reason why this is frustrating in wot , unlike some other similar games , is because the economic balance is designed to punish you for things you have no control over , like mm and shitty teammates . 
  losing despite personally doing everything right would n't be nearly as horrible , if it was possible to still do consistently well credits-wise regardless of win/defeat . 
  now that i think about it , i have n't played the game for over two weeks now . 
  since i 'm sick of playing the dmax in order to grind credits for the e75 and the vk4502a . 
  not because i dislike the dmax , by any means . 
  but because i just do n't have the money to afford variety , or the time to spend grinding credits with less-optimal credit-earners . 
  that 's the thing : it gerrymanders in favor of the left . 
  gulf coast is the only region where the right could hope to achieve a majority . 
  in all the other regions , conservatives would become a minority . 
  i think there was also a bug of some kind going on with clearing flags . 
  the su had a -20 % to ic from the start , representing divided and indecisive soviet leadership at the time ( trotsky v stalin ) . 
  trotsky himself had a -20 % ic penalty as well , stacking to -40 % when he replaced stalin . 
  i 'm pretty sure the initial -20 % was supposed to be cleared by either the great purge or a successful trotsky coup , but because of a bug , the trotsky coup did n't clear the initial ic penalty . 
  for one , they 'd need the pin of the id card from you to use the card for anything ( add torture to the list of crimes , i guess ? ) . 
  second , kidnapping people to force them to vote a certain way is definitely going to be caught . 
  the electronic voting period is about a week long , plus the actual day of the ballot . 
  it 's not going to happen on a large enough scale to affect election results . 
  kidnapping like this is also a very serious crime and when a perpetrator is ( inevitably ) caught doing this , they 're going to prison for longer than a whole election term . 
  heck , this is such an absurdly criminal way of trying to secure votes , that if a political party was found guilty of organizing something like this , they would probably be dissolved for attempting to overthrow the constitutional order . 
  the employment courts and tax office have been getting funny with recognition of `` t\u00e4htajaline t\u00f6\u00f6leping '' as actually being time-limited in the last couple of years , though . 
  from what i 've understood , a `` k\u00e4sundusleping '' or a `` t\u00f6\u00f6v\u00f5tuleping '' are now the only appropriate contracts for time-limited employment . 
  in op 's case , probably `` k\u00e4sundusleping '' is the correct one . 
  basically , if you 're showing up at some lecture and translating for a few hours ever day , it 's `` k\u00e4sundusleping '' . 
  if you have a book you 're supposed to have a complete translation for by a deadline , `` t\u00f6\u00f6v\u00f5tuleping '' is the right choice . 
  ftfy, 
  if that game can be modded , then it could definitely play the remove kebab music when infantry support is called in . 
  you do realize temperature-insulating an entire room from the rest of the building is going to be even more expensive ? 
  and physics being the dick it is , insulation by definition works both ways . 
  if heat is n't getting in , it is n't getting out either . 
  this is only going to turn the server room into a sauna , since server cpu = = space heater inside the room . 
  having egypt as a british puppet the same way as the raj would be a reasonably balanced abstraction , i think . 
  more so than the current in-game status of egypt as entirely british territory . 
  considering how ahistorical the start of the world war was , i wonder what 's going to happen to france . 
  if it goes off the rails and there 's no vichy france created , it 's probably going to lead to a german invasion of spain . 
  which would also probably mean the capture of gibraltar , eventually . 
  well , the hungarian www series is certainly shaping up to be an interesting divergence from history , as the previous ones have been . 
  not really . 
  as a british puppet , they 'd be an allies member by default , and they just said in the latest stream that faction members wo n't capitulate until the faction leader capitulates . 
  greater hungary controlling the entire balkans is not alt history enough ? 
  so timid ? 
  no push for the pacific ? 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  i think you 're applying modern standards of diplomacy a bit too much , here . 
  if belgium had accepted that idea , it would have amounted to saying `` we 're allied to france '' . 
  which would basically be the opposite of being neutral and make them a more legitimate target of german retaliation . 
  rip wtf-100 and good riddance . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted . 
  literally the only thing `` republic '' implies is that the ruler is not a crowned monarch of some description . 
  whole countries , in fact !,
