  good on you . 
  but i see a lot of people on reddit who genuinely think american contribution in ww2 is completely overblown and that the soviets could have taken on the whole world alone and crushed not only nazi germany but also simultaneously fight japan in the far east , and also take on france and britain if they truly had aggressive designs on europe . 
  so because they did n't do any of that , they 're innocent liberators and victims of fascist and capitalist propaganda and the molotov-ribbentrop pact was not at all proof of their intent to conquer large parts of estern europe . 
  if you do n't correct that delusional soviet apologism and mythology , people tend to think it 's actually true , which is why i set that record straight wherever i see even a hint of it . 
  and you seriously think the nazis would have had a problem killing all the men ( and women and children ) the ussr would have to throw at them ? 
  without the aid of american and british material , the soviets would have sacrificed far more manpower than they already did , and likely still lost . 
  they simply would n't have had the field guns and tanks to equip that manpower with , and the trains and trucks to keep efficiently replacing the manpower and equipment on the front line , and the communications equipment . 
  the soviets standing completely alone * may * have managed to produce one of those critical pieces of their war machine to historical numbers , but only if they did so at the expense of all the others . 
  certainly , the soviets would have come up with ingenious industrial and logistical solutions in their effort to produce t-34s and other iconic soviet weapons to hold back the nazi advance . 
  but without the sheer mass of lend-lease aid , the numbers produced would have been ultimately inconsequential , much like the german v-weapons , king tigers and me-262s . 
  tl ; dr recruitment is already biased in favor of women and other diversity hires , and men are statistically more qualified for the jobs they apply to . 
  feminist response : shut it down because it does n't give us an advantage !, 
  the sequel was absolutely amazing . 
  instead of pre-set scenarios , you have a rather immersive story mode in what was pretty much a sandbox map . 
  sure , the story had time constraints and you would basically lose if you ignored the story for long enough . 
  and the game was no slouch in the arcade battle department either . 
  a number of tweaks were made to the old ships , and a bunch of new and interesting ones were introduced . 
  wolves and other weak wildlife works too . 
  if it fits your roleplay , crafting is also a good way of leveling up to gain perk points . 
  the key part is to be cautious with your perk picks . 
  until about level 15 , you want all your perks to go into your combat skills ( or alchemy , because it 's got some really op innate buffs ) . 
  save the points for later , if your main combat skills are restricted due to skill level thresholds during level-up . 
  also , choose a combat style and stick with it it . 
  if you want to branch out , it 'll have to wait for later , you just wo n't have the perk points to be good at more than one thing at a time . 
  and remember that occasionally , you may just have to rest in town for places to respawn . 
  the steam community page of the pit seems to have some life in it still , including dev responses . 
  yes , evasion is definitely a combat skill : it 's basically the light armor skill . 
  does n't make you a full-on tank , like ha , but with the 25-tier perks and getting elven armor from somewhere makes bandit arrows just barely survivable . 
  and basically , you have to choose between evasion and ha , you do n't have the perk points to invest in both . 
  worth noting if you 're new to the game : really-early heavy armor is a bit counter-intuitive . 
  wearing a full suit of ha is not really viably at game start , the weight slows you down too much and prevents basic dodging and mobility . 
  you need somewhere around 150 health and 150 stamina ( plus the right hand branch of the ha perks ) to be reasonably mobile in full heavy armor . 
  so what you can do for training ha is mix ha extremities with a light armor chest initially , then move to ha chest/la extremities , and piece by piece swap out the remaining pieces of la for ha as you get closer to those numbers i mentioned . 
  finally , it 's worth noting that against dragons , mages and many other powerful enemies , armor becomes irrelevant or simply secondary compared to resistances . 
  falmer , for instance , are save-scum-hell to deal with unless you 've prepared and have some form of poison resistance . 
  resistances are effects like `` resist frost '' and `` resist fire '' . 
  basically , enchantments and potions that reduce incoming magical damage , as opposed to armor reducing regular weapon damage . 
  now , in vanilla , armor effectiveness capped out somewhere around 600 armor value , giving you something like 95 % resistance to weapon damage if you had that much armor , and there was exactly zero point in having more armor than that . 
  this is no longer true in requiem , because requiem has weapons ( and perks ) that partially ignore armor value . 
  notably : daedric weapons , warhammers and heavy crossbows . 
  what requiem 's `` ignore armor '' ability means , is that these weapons reduce your effective armor by a set percentage before your armor is allowed to apply its ' damage reduction . 
  for instance , if your `` capped out '' 600 armor gets hit by a warhammer , then the warhammer reduces the effective armor by 20 % , resulting in a `` true '' armor value of significantly less than 600 before damage reduction is calculated . 
  resistances , meanwhile , are static and depend solely on your innate values ; afaik , there are no perks or spells that inherently reduce a target 's magic resistance before applying their damage , though there are things like poison of pyrolysis/cryolysis that inflict separate debuff to resistance , but do n't deal damage of their own . 
  note : actual example values for armor number/damage resistance percentage are probably wildly incorrect , but that is the gist of it . 
  if you rely on armor for protection , then you want to be way above the cap to negate the effects of armor piercing weapons . 
  former estonian conscript . 
  can confirm a pair of big mitts with a trigger finger were part of my kit . 
  yeah , they literally are doing that , ever since one master troll got an antifa protest to vigorously applaud [ a speech consisting entirely of hitler quotes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnmap8kxwrc&amp;user=adam%20richard ) . 
  if someone wants to just `` run through casually '' they may as well dispense with the illusion they 're not cheating and get a trainer/cheat table to make the party invulnerable . 
  ( spoiler : they do n't , as long as it 's politics the mods agree with ), 
  ... throwing level 0s into an apprentice dark run with no supplies is completely free , and guaranteed to net a hefty profit as long as you cut your losses and bail out with the money and heirlooms as soon as it 's obvious the expedition is n't going to succeed . 
  grinding up a new roster of level 6s is just a matter of time , as long as stygian or bloodmoon is n't imposing a time limit . 
  basically the only reason to abandon a save besides having too many setbacks in a stygian or bloodmoon game , is if you 're gong for that one achievement where reynauld and dismas need to both survive dd4 and somehow lose them or accidentally take them to a dd mission before the last one ( which prevents them from enterng dd4 ) . 
  basically , russia has a lot of internal problems from extensive corruption to economic decline to ethnic tension to demographic imbalances , and they 're hoping to distract their population against ( imaginary ) external enemies and threats . 
  basically `` we 've always been at war with eastasia '' from 1984 , except `` eastasia '' is `` georgian/ukrainian/baltic fascists that oppress russians in foreign territory '' . 
  nah , the comparison map is actually longer than that . 
  reddit 's integrated image viewer does something screwy with the frames . 
  it 's fine if you open the link in a new tab . 
  put simply , where you think you turned into a liberal because college made you more educated and capable of seeing through the lies of conservatism , we conservatives think you turned into a liberal because college brainwashed you into a dogmatic that thinks all viewpoints except the one revealed to you by your enlightened professors is wrong . 
  ideologically biased professors are very adept at manipulating their students into coming to the ideologically desired conclusions while the students continue to believe they are thinking for themselves . 
  if you were capable of thinking for yourself , you 'd be capable of empathy and recognizing that conservative viewpoints can be an equally valid conclusion for people with life goals and experiences different from yours . 
  but instead you dogmatically claim that everyone who is n't a liberal is a misguided idiot or selfish tyrant , which suggests to me you 're not really thinking for yourself ; you 're just repeating dogmatic conclusions that your professors manipulated you into `` discovering '' for yourself . 
  college brainwashing involves a lot more suggestion and subtle thought-programming , as opposed to authoritarian dictation of high school or church , but it 's brainwashing nonetheless . 
  they probably got stuck in soft ground , tried to get out on their own and the treads proceeded to dig a deeper hold in the mud until they reached the pictured position . 
  i doubt even a second tank could pull them out from that deep , they 'd need to dig it out ( likely with shovels ) and call out a dedicated recovery vehicle . 
  nah , probably not . 
  stuff that actually stayed shiny had to be sent pretty deep into the bog , where fresh air could n't get to them . 
  otherwise the combination of water and oxygen would rustem into a decidedly non-shiny state . 
  such tanks recovered from bogs were typically scuttled on purpose during withdrawal : lock the steering in the direction of the bog , jam the gas and bailing out before it went in . 
  and boom : tank extremely difficult to recover without having to waste explosives on it . 
  so , any bets that instead of learning something about professional behavior , user a blamed everything that followed on the help desk `` peons '' who dared to go over her head and cc her boss ? 
  since the rules of the election have been democratically agreed to , everyone knows about them , and there are democratically agreed upon rules about how changing the rules works , and there has not been enough democratic support for changing these rules . 
  if the nationwide popular vote mattered , both hillary and trump would have run a vastly different campaign . 
  if there was a widespread consensus that the nationwide poplar vote should be able to let urban ghetto populations reduce sparsely populated `` flyover americans '' to irrelevance , it would be passed as a constitutional amendment . 
  actually true . 
  her backstory comic implied a mausoleum-type grave-robbing . 
  being against sharia law would n't be `` just '' because people disagree with it , but also because parts of it prescribe extrajudicial punishments , like stoning rape victims to death for bringing dishonor to their families . 
  and besides , the whole cake baking thing ? 
  they did n't refuse baking a cake outright . 
  they refused to make a custom , gay wedding themed design because they found such a design offensive to the idea of a wedding . 
  and they went further to say that they would also refuse to make a custom design they did n't find appropriate for a straight wedding ( such as a bdsm wedding theme cake or something ) . 
  they * did not * refuse to sell the gay couple any of the standard designs they had already made , but the gay couple did n't want any of those and kept insisting on a custom design . 
  cuts to a medicare program that was already collapsing due to insurers abandoning aca-compliant insurance plans and stepping out of the program because even with the subsidies it was causing them enormous losses . 
  and the whole thing was hemorraging so much of its ' allocated budget , it was estimated to go broke sometime mid-2018 . 
  not to mention the huge `` if you like your plan you can keep it '' lie . 
  and the part where aca-compliant healthcare plans were so goddamn expensive , that a large amount of people flat out could n't afford any of them and had no choice but to pay the fine . 
  basically : these unfortunate people were forced to give up a cheap health insurance plan they could afford , in order to pay a fine for not being able to afford an expensive `` solidarity '' healthcare plan where their only purpose was subsidizing people less healthy than them . 
  keys are small objects and in a heavily modded game the physics may fly off the handle occasionally . 
  it 's possible the key fell through the floor or wall or something as it spawned for you . 
  especially if shouts were flying across the area . 
  gr has one too , as does crusader . 
  monument maintenance likely was a part of the bronze age labor economy in egypt , yes . 
  at least while the late bronze age golden age lasted . 
  but after the [ bronze age collapse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/late_bronze_age_collapse ) , any maintenance definitely ceased . 
  it does have to be , yes . 
  but to liberals , treason means whatever they want it to mean at any given moment . 
  though admittedly , the other side has been guilty of that as well , accusing various whistle-blowers and corrupt democrats of treason if they need to quickly throw mud around . 
  yeah , well fortunately we do live in a democracy and just because someone thinks something ought to be treason does n't magically make it treason . 
  even if it 's someone as important as the president , or a judge , or a congresswoman doing the thinking . 
  checks and balances ftw .
