   as for spain , they were embroiled in a civil war . 
  best to let them kill each other , especially as fascists were one faction . 
  after the war it would have been an ally , or an easy target . 
  not quite true . 
  the spanish civil war had already been won by the nationalists by the time germany invaded poland . 
  however , spain was already devastated by war . 
  it was also very mountainous terrain with terrible road and rail infrastructure . 
  its ' military was actually quite experienced compared to france , poland or even the ussr due to the civil war . 
  spain did n't have much in the way of resources or industry . 
  what little strategic value its ' underdeveloped ports had as naval bases was already made redundant by german control of the major french port at bordeaux . 
  ultimately , spain just was n't worth the cost of invading for germany . 
  it was neutral , and thus denied to the allies . 
  if the allies had invaded in breach of that neutrality , spain would likely have responded by willingly allying with germany . 
  i noticed and started preloading about 4 hours ago ( two hours after your post ) . 
  finished a short while ago . 
  try sorting your library by `` recent '' . 
  pretty sure it 's ` serial ' . 
  it 'd go with pd-abom-abom-maa . 
  spam blight and stuns all over the three rear ranks while letting maa guard and riposte . 
   universities are in bed with big pharma . 
  tbf , they generally are . 
  but that does n't make them wrong on everything they say . 
  due to effective information quarantine , the soviets made a very flimsy `` the polish government allowed us in '' claim , and the allies refused to call bullshit on it because they already had a war going on . 
  also , at the time , the major allies were just france and britain . 
  roosevelt was a pro-intervention globalist , but the majority of the us political establishment , including his supporters within the democratic party , were isolationists opposed to sacrificing american lives in a european or asian war . 
  well , tough shit . 
  putin still has the sickle and he needs it for hunting bear . 
  basically , yes . 
  but there are a large number of individual specimens who need to be tricked into exercising . 
  here 's the thing : some people out there wo n't enjoy any activity defined as `` exercise '' . 
  ** yes , urist !, 
  the lever that says `` fuck the world '' !, 
  meanwhile , russia has recently increased its ' count of active-duty soldiers in the region to 100,000 . 
  and yet somehow britain deploying 800 troops into the baltics at the request of their sovereign allies is an act of aggression toward russia . 
  it 's not about the indiscriminate killing power alone , though it does factor into the equation . 
  large bombs also kill indiscriminately , and using those is n't a war crime unless you 're actively bombing civilian targets . 
  gas and chemical weapons are crimes because they not only kill , but they do so in an exceptionally gruesome manner , as well as horribly crippling anyone unfortunate enough to survive . 
  in the case of landmines , it 's because they remain a threat to civilians even after the war ends and the population can return to former warzones . 
  it 's nigh-impossible to be sure that a minefield is truly cleared , in particular if the engineers who planted them in the first place do n't survive the war . 
  not to mention a country going through post-war reconstruction might not even have the financial and technical resources to deal with clearing landmines from thousands of hectares of land . 
  and in all cases of illegal weapons and technologies : nobody wants to use them first , because then the enemy is legally justified to retaliate in kind . 
  if isis were to use chemical weapons against syria , then syria would be allowed to retaliate in kind without the act being a war crime . 
  even non-lethal chemicals like tear gas used by police , are not permitted to be used by the military ; because in the chaos of a warzone , it is likely to be mistaken for a lethal gas attack , justifying gas-attack retaliations from the other side . 
  from a military perspective , not many . 
  syria is a chaotic mess . 
  for one , it 's possible they missed the window of opportunity because they had doubts about the reliability of the intel at the time . 
  there may have been concerns about hitting friendly or neutral troops . 
  particularly dangerous would be the possibility of accidentally hitting russian troops . 
  or it 's possible that there was intel about anti-air systems in the area and they did n't want to risk the planes getting shot at . 
  alternatively , the reasons could be political . 
  the obama administration does n't just want to defeat isis , they also want to depose assad in favor of us-friendly factions . 
  it 's plausible they held back airstrikes because they did n't want isis to collapse completely until the situation in syria was a bit more favorable to what 's left of the us-backed factions . 
  or , going with the most cynical possibility : there 's also the part where obama and hillary drummed up their intentions to depose assad , and they 're worried about the reputation they staked on those public demands . 
  they could just be holding back to stall for time and exhaust russia and syria to the point they 're willing to accept some kind of compromise where assad `` retires '' , but gets to name his successor . 
  yes , i know mosul in in northern iraq . 
  the decapitation of top isis leadership would probably collapse their organization in syria , even if the leaders were in iraq when they were killed . 
  a ) no , it would n't . 
  nuclear bombs of the era were hardly powerful enough to incinerate the entire territory represented by an average province , such as those in japan , much less huge provinces like those in the soviet union or africa . 
  and b ) no . 
  if you want to argue this point , why not go over to the pdx forum and say so to the devs ( and enjoy the ban they 'll inflict on you ) . 
  except those `` others '' are forgetting :, 
  * the nuclear bombs required a specially-modified b-29 bomber to carry and drop a bomb as large and heavy as the nukes . 
  * nuclear bombs were expensive as hell . 
  so basically , the allied air superiority over the target area had to be absolute , lest the nuke-bomber be shot down over enemy territory and the bomb captured . 
  unlike regular massed bomber formations , where it ultimately did n't matter if a bomber or two was shot down . 
  and if , instead of developing nukes , the us government had spend the $ 2 billion budget of the manhattan project on just manufacturing more conventional bombs , they would still have had enough munitions to bomb every major city on home islands into a parking lot , not just hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  it would simply have taken a much longer bombing campaign . 
  and t would have inflicted far more civilian casualties through not just direct casualties in the target area , but also due to starvation from shattering the food distribution network within japan . 
  if you can use the console ( i.e , no ironman ) , then you can pause , tag-switch to your fascist allies and make them boost popularity as well . 
  other than that , you 're out of luck . 
  just have to slog it out . 
  or wait for pdx to charge you money for the ability to dissolve factions with members in them . 
  it 's possible for political factions to still lose democratic elections even if they have the highest amount of support . 
  if this happens , the losing faction gets an immediate -10 % support . 
  60 % is the threshold at which this becomes impossible . 
  putting a party influence guy in the government also makes it impossible , but since you 're player ussr influencing ai finland ( instead of player finland trying to turn itself communist ) , that 's not going to happen . 
  nope . 
  it 's an anti-hillary false-flag meme invented from whole cloth by chan trolls to discredit her campaign in the eyes of people who do n't have the time , political interest or attention span to do their own research and realize how horribly corrupt hillary and the democrats have to be for the contents of those leaked emails to even exist . 
  the key points the left failed at were 7 and especially 11 . 
  they went over the top on negativity and in the process lost all credibility as they turned trump into the underdog in the eyes of the masses . 
  not rare in the slightest . 
  slavery was common in viking scandinavia , as well as in eastern europe and russia before they were christianized . 
  and there were time periods in a number of places ( esp . 
  the russian empire ) , where the terms of peasant serfdom amounted to slavery , or where the terms of serfdom were actually worse than the terms of slavery . 
  in all cases : caucasian masters with caucasian slaves , though there usually still was an ethnic/cultural divide . 
  nah , if she 's paid up front , they 're going to protect her ; for a long while at least . 
  if an extradition shelter for corrupt politicians just went back on things like this , everyone else seeking or currently receiving their protection would stop paying them and pull out for some other shelter at the earliest opportunity . 
  except / r/politics has a history of removing and suppressing news of events that hurt clinton 's campaign . 
  the fact that they 're not suppressing this means it 's big and credible enough that suppressing it would destroy what little is left of the sub 's own credibility . 
  they 'll just stuff the full text in a new boring-name treaty and attempt to quietly pass it without public scrutiny , just like tried to silently pass sopa after it `` died '' by including it in the tpp text . 
  corrupt globalists like hillary will just repeatedly try to push it through until they succeed . 
  they only need to win once , while we need to win every time . 
  we ca n't win the war against corruption until we somehow flip that axiom . 
  or possibly , if shit hits the fan and nato allies in europe are invaded . 
  there is n't a country in the world that can credibly threaten the us itself with an invasion . 
  not even china and russia combined have the naval power to get past the us navy . 
  they have never said this . 
  they have only said it 's ** not impossible ** that russia hacked the emails . 
  it 's possible to lose stress at the end of camping when the characters think the mission is n't going well . 
  there are a number of factors involved , possibly more than i 'm listing .
