  but that 's a thought for another time . 
  it 's a few hours past noon , i should make it to bilegulch around sunset . 
  just the right time for an attack . 
  * 22nd last seed , 4e201 *, 
  ran into a troll last night , trying to take a shortcut through the woods to get to bilegulch faster . 
  used up my last scroll to kill it . 
  the thing sill got a nasty hit in before it went down . 
  i also got slightly lost . 
  it looked like there was a way to approach the camp from the north , but there is n't . 
  just a sheer cliff face where it looks like there 's a pass from a distance . 
  ran into some guy while i was getting my bearings . 
  handed me an enchanted sword and told me he 'd be back for it . 
  threatened to kill me if i double-crossed him . 
  considering he obviously did n't have experience traveling off the beaten path ( he just kept bumping into bushes and branches ) and that he ran off right in the direction of a bear cave ... 
  i doubt i 'll be seeing him again . 
  in the end , i now have another bunch of bandits dead at bilegulch . 
  spent the night resting and tending my wounds in their camp , after i killed them all . 
  a gang exclusively composed of orcs this time , instead of the usual assorted variety of tamrielic scum . 
  something ... odd though . 
  their chief was good . 
  an orc in full plate with a greatsword , and he knew how to use it . 
  the brute was stronger , tougher and just as fast as i was ( despite wearing heavy armor ) , and no doubt he had more practice than i 've ever had . 
  i think the only superior warrior i 've seen in a fight was ... ca n't recall his name anymore . 
  an altmer , personal weapon instructor to some prissy young thalmor officer . 
  a veteran of the oblivion crisis , i remember being told . 
  at any rate , i know the orc should have beaten me : crushed through my light shield without effort and cut me in two with a single blow . 
  but there were moments in the battle , where i kept doing exactly the right thing to avoid getting impaled on his blade . 
  in hindsight , something similar happened at embershard . 
  i barely remembered the scrolls in my pack when i went into the cave . 
  i had originally even intended to sell them , no plans to make use them , since i 've never used a spell in my life before . 
  but i recalled the scrolls at just the right moment . 
  i know the divines exist , of course , and the daedric princes , and the bosmer gods you 've probably never heard of . 
  their various blessings and artifacts are proof of their existence . 
  but this is too ... direct . 
  the gods do n't guide us like that , i do n't think . 
  i 've never put any stock in the birthsigns themselves having anything but the illusions we make in our own mind behind them . 
  while i 've never considered myself slow , i 'm certain i was never that quick of a thinker during the war . 
  and i doubt my years of being a trapper in the wilds have now suddenly caused me to reach an entire new level of skill like this . 
  no sense in dwelling on it , i suppose . 
  i live , and my foes do not . 
  edit : added picture links that i forgot earlier, 
  how fast would a ferric projectile fired from the ground need to go to still do significant damage to a target falling into the atmosphere at an altitude of 8km ? 
  and how much would that projectile need to mass to not be burnt up/unpredictably diverted by friction and other atmospheric conditions ? 
  bonus : assuming the atmosphere and gravity conditions of mars , rather than earth . 
  writing an x-com/mass effect crossover , and i just know some nitpicker is going to try poking holes . 
  would like to have a real answer on hand , but i really ca n't make heads or tails of this kind of math even with google helping . 
  after some trial and error , i 've managed to figure out how to keep up with the normal-level ai 's expected degree of resource cheating in the strategy game , but now i 'm running into another problem : i seem to be unable to win evenly matched battles because the ai always picks actions that either block my choice , or at least avoid being blocked by mine . 
  this is particularly noticeable with tactics-type actions like adaptive tactics and offensive retreat . 
  the ai always uses weapon overload ( offense ) if i have picked a tactics card , even if wo is otherwise a very suboptimal choice for the combat phase and their weapon loadout . 
  has anyone else experienced this or have any advice for battle tactics to overcome this apparent ai cheating method ? 
  and no , choosing not to fight unless i have overwhelming superiority is not the answer i 'm looking for . 
  if the ai can win evenly matched battles , i should be able to do the same . 
  i was reviewing some code i 'd written learning c++ , and came across a maze program i wrote . 
  i wrote code that randomly filled an array with ones and zeros , with 1 being a wall tile , and 0 being an open space . 
  the maze is 30x30 tiles large . 
  the area is surrounded on all sides by wall tiles , save for single-tile gaps at the start - and end-positions . 
  the start and end-position are in diagonally opposite corners of the map . 
  how likely is it , that randomly filling the 30x30 tile area with wall tiles results in a passable maze ? 
  is it just me , or is the magma biome kind of pointless at the moment ? 
  i 've been trying to explore magma planets ; possibly to find a good spot for creating a high-level colony , but as far as i can tell , it 's not possible to explore or build below the line of the magma ocean . 
  am i just missing something obvious , or is the biome just lackluster at the moment ? 
  as i 'm preparing for a playthrough of hong kong again , i thought i 'd do something different this time . 
  namely , a heavily augmented elf . 
  however , i am seriously in need of advice when it comes to the specifics of the build . 
  it 's suboptimal to begin with , and i want to finally play through the game without shooting myself in the foot with additional poor progression choices . 
  is it viable to focus on cyberware and charisma , for good melee in combat and etiquette choices out of combat ? 
  would cyberware plus rigging or decking be a better combination than the `` cyborg face '' option ? 
  what would be the best choice of ranged weapon , and should i bother with ranged capability at all ? 
  for some time now , i 've been thinking of writing a deus ex/gits crossover . 
  but i always hit the same snag in my plans : i do n't understand the major ^ * as a person . 
  i do n't know what her reactions would be if presented with significant choices . 
  her loyalties and motivations remain a complete mystery to me . 
  for instance , at one point in the story , i plan to have adam jensen try and persuade the major to join his cause . 
  jensen has been planning for this and has put a considerable effort into knowing what makes motoko tick , which psychological buttons to press to make it seem like accepting the offer is the right thing to do . 
  there are several angles i have considered . 
  the core of jensen 's cause is opposing the corporate forces working to use cyberization as a means of increasing their control over the masses . 
  the reason section 9 is after jensen in the first place is because he 's helping anti-cyberization terrorists . 
  the first approach i 've considered is directly appealing jensen 's ideology to motoko . 
  the second approach is offering cooperation against a mutual enemy . 
  finally , i 've considered a threat to the rest of section 9 ; the major going rogue and joining jensen would be the only way for motoko to pull section 9 out of the line of an imminent attack . 
  but i have no idea how a character as deep-layered as the major should really react to any of these approaches . 
  refuse outright ? 
  geniunely turn ? 
  accept and play along until an opportunity presents itself ? 
  that , is what i need help with . 
  figuring out what motivates the major well enough to have her make decisions that are in line with her character . 
  \\* - specifically , sac-continuity major, 
  right now , i 've slowly failed my way through to getting all module upgrades for the tiger ii , covering the losses by selling my tiger p and playing games in the hetzer and pz4h . 
  i still do n't get how it 's at all possible to consistently make a profit in the tank . 
  if i play aggressively , i do at most around 1000 damage before every tank on the enemy team pens through my front armor , and my repair costs send me into the red . 
  if i play carefully and take long range shots , i lose money from ammo resupply , because even fully aimed side shots bounce or miss 50 % of the time . 
  how is this tank supposed to be played ? 
  i think i posted this system here , a long time ago . 
  over the past few days , i managed to undertake the work to edit and further refine the system from its ' original disjointed collection of forum posts . 
  so without further ado , a fan-made rpg system for having fun murdering yoma and awakened beings with claymore warriors . 
  although the system does support games going the other way as well . 
  [ pdf dropbox link ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/mzopcx8k0wumwnv/cd10_srd_v0.2.0.pdf?dl=0 ) |, 
  [ odt dropbox link ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/1224c5n1s96cxww/cd10_srd.odt?dl=0 ), 
  the pdf link is easier to read , i suspect . 
  and more compatible .
