  they 're not wrong though . 
  the woman is definitely a hard-line globalist and strongly believes in the supremacy of brussels ' delusional ideology . 
  as for the migrants : the desperate innocent families are absolutely fine being in the refugee camps of turkey . 
  they stop when they get out of the immediate warzone and hope to return quickly when the war ends . 
  the people who march onward to europe are n't desperate to escape the war . 
  they are desperate for a handout from stupid , rich europeans , instead of trying to build up something by themselves . 
  more mods , then . 
  neither of those is really that much of a gamechanger . 
  so ... the ai still sometimes puts all of their 500 divisions on a border with a neutral country while completely ignoring the borders of nations they are actually at war with ? 
  i think the most important part about teaching people to trust science is to also teach that not everything that * looks * scientific on the surface actually * is * scientific . 
  such as all those `` scientific studies '' that `` prove '' smoking tobacco does n't cause health issues . 
  or more controversially , the studies that `` prove '' gmo crops have no harmful long-term consequences that just coincidentally happen to be funded by agro giants who stand to profit even more if their patented gmo crops do n't get banned . 
  except not quite . 
  there 's plenty of bad science going on in the world . 
  scientists , even legitimate ones , are still subject to the whims of their funders . 
  if a scientist produced a research paper that says something their funder does n't agree with , that scientist gets a permanent black mark . 
  doing real science is fucking expensive and scientists need the money of corporations and the government ( read : the current party in power ) to keep their work going . 
  suppose a scientist was hired by a tobacco company to study the health effects of tobacco on the human body . 
  if the scientist is honest and her research concludes tobacco is harmful , nobody will ever fund their research again , because they ca n't be relied on to produce what the funders want to hear . 
  academic corruption like this is a problem that 's only been getting worse over the past two decades . 
  it 's definitely a social and policy issue that will eventually have to be tackled . 
  to teach people to blindly trust people with degrees and papers that look scientific is something we should avoid . 
  and we really do n't have much ground to go between `` science is bs '' and `` trust science blindly '' . 
  nobody has the time to be such an `` expert in everything '' that they can understand and seriously question the science behind all the research papers presented to them on their own . 
  at most , they can question the history of the authors for bias and the source of the funding . 
  is n't that basically expecting everyone to be at least on a bachelor level for ... everything ? 
  how can a person be expected apply the scientific method on modern , complex studies presented to them , if they lack the background education for that field ? 
  critical thinking is important , sure . 
  but simply applying critical thinking is rarely enough to dispute a bad scientific study . 
  call me a pessimist , but i think putting a greater educational focus on critical thinking and scientific methodology is just going to mean people get better and more accurate at reciting scientific terminology in justifying their own confirmation biases . 
  [ excellent shitpost . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/sorrowfulfrankbarnswallow ), 
  he might know more than some of the generals , but i 'm pretty sure many of the generals do know their shit , but they also know how much of military politics is `` just tell the president what he wants to hear so you do n't get demoted or retired '' . 
  the thoughts of planning the ore processing of angel 's refining + bob 's fill my every idle moment . 
  though dreams still provide me respite from this madness , i 've no doubt that these twisted patterns of pipe , belt and pole will soon invade my dreams as well . 
  to be fair , he got the peace prize literally for not being republican like bush was . 
  i 'm not sure how you managed to get `` estari '' out of '' \u00c4mari '' when writing the title . 
  otherwise , cool pic . 
  makes sense , though . 
  twitchy from running around in combat gear and rushing to get a shot before the ayy moves in to rape faces , the guy accidentally pulls the trigger on the launcher a few seconds too soon , as he 's lifting it up to aim . 
  i 've got two gripes with gmo crops . 
  first , the patented nature of gmo crops opens the door for agri giants suing smaller businesses over natural cross-pollination between farm plots of different owners and getting a total monopoly on food production . 
  secondly , gmo crops are n't immune to weeds . 
  they 're immune to extremely powerful herbicides . 
  with normal crops , if you use these powerful herbicides irresponsibly , you end up killing your own crops and going broke before causing wider-scale damage from contaminating the environment with that shit . 
  with gmo crops , by the time these herbicides start hitting your own crops ( and your own profit ) , you 've probably poisoned the whole water table with them . 
  could one important factor be that hindus allow their women to marry infidels ? 
  i 'm certain that makes the ruler conversion by pillow-talk event favor hinduism more than religions that refuse to get alliances with infidels through marriage . 
  only from the south . 
  it 's urban terrain across a river , so german tanks tend to have a hard time . 
  against fascist estonian infantry from the north , it gets pushed out fairly quickly . 
  ah , true enough . 
  forgot about those . 
  there are three likely options :, 
  1 ) it was destroyed in the 1944 allied bombing raid on k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  2 ) it was dismantled ... 
  2a ) ... by the germans and the resulting trinkets were used by high ranking nazis to barter for their escape to neutral , fascist-friendly countries like argentina . 
  given that the reichsmark was going to be worthless after the defeat of germany , they had to barter valuables . 
  2b ) ... by marauding soviet troops , who took the pieces as war trophies . 
  the soviets covered up the looting , because any public investigation would have damaged the reputation of the red army and by extension , of the soviet union itself . 
  i 'd say option 1 is slightly more probable than the other two , but given the lack on information , it 's hard to decide either way . 
  still does n't avoid the issue of keeping track of all colonists and telling them to wear indoor stuff when they 're indoors and changing them to outdoor clothes when they do outdoors . 
  actually , i 'd recommend looking at the generic focus tree first . 
  the focus trees of major nations tend to have a lot of state - and province-specific things that are n't that useful for someone trying to figure out how the focus trees work . 
  the basic idea of making more people have health insurance is a good thing , but obama 's implementation of it has become an utter disaster after being subjected to partisan politics and compromises in congress . 
  because of obamacare , the prices of health insurance have skyrocketed , and you 'll actually get fined for not being able to afford insurance . 
  alright ... provide your modlist , then . 
  that 's just it , the list of canned responses is almost always adversarial . 
  feed it some leftist dogma , and it will obediently argue against leftism using canned responses . 
  you can `` make it '' into a holocaust denier by saying the holocaust happened and waiting for it to respond with `` science does not support that '' . 
  it does make sense , actually . 
  the focus of the strategic destruction doctrine is on strategic air warfare . 
  interception and strategic bombing . 
  battlefield support is about damaging units in combat with cas and acceptable air superiority . 
  operational integrity is about being good at both cas and strat bombing with tac bombers . 
  shall i tell you of the strategic destruction of expensive enemy bombers , and the impact it had on the industrial aspects of the war effort on both sides ? 
  not much would change , i wager . 
  if anything , the casualties would be worse for the empire , considering the optimal tactic with flintlocks is a densely-packed firing line . 
  it 's going to be ww1 levels of horrible casualties for the empire , until they are able to adapt their tactics . 
  those monster cannons are siege weapons . 
  they 're designed to break down walls and gates that ca n't be scaled or assaulted . 
  while `` boring '' for the average person , the constant evolution of fortification architecture was one of the reasons rulers like mehmed took the gamble and invested into an expensive , unproven military capability as cannons . 
  at any rate , those monster cannons are far too cumbersome to be used as field artillery and lighter field cannons from the same tech level do n't have the energy or the projectile shape to penetrate the armor of cold-war era apc and ifvs , let alone tanks and post-cold-war vehicles . 
  still , the existence of flintlock rifles is a big difference in one regard : the guns of the jsdf would not be a mysterious sorcery . 
  it would be recognizable as a weapon to the military minds of the empire , and they would actually understand better just how outmatched they really are . 
  try putting the `` every_country '' block inside `` immediate '' , like it is for the unity .1 event . 
  because of the muslim slave trade , basically . 
  it 's not like the southern states went on slave-catching expeditions in africa . 
  they bought their slaves from the muslim-organized slave markets , who also did their own breeding . 
  possibly ... the child had a regency and they got the event whenere they push their regent off a balcony ? 
  and the regent happened to be a relative ? 
  is n't age 3 too early to have a tutor , though ? 
  yeah , definitely an issue with the air superiority bonus itself . 
  i think the logic goes that air superiority debuffs are the abstraction of one side having constant air recon in the sky and the other side getting their recon shot down or just not being able to fly recon missions . 
  here 's the interesting thing , though : if you keep a careful eye on battles , armies also get an intermittent positive buff called `` air support '' when there are friendly ground attack aircraft involved in the battle . 
  this bonus is distinct from `` enemy air superiority '' debuffs , as well as from the actual damage inflicted by ground attack missions . 
  so basically , paradox has included a poorly-thought out combat mechanic that is very opaque and with some choices that are strictly superior to all the alternatives . 
  what else is new ? 
  no worries . 
  tired coding leads to buggy code , every damn time .
