  since dc lets you take advantage of a decker in the team when it comes to noncombat interactions , pure summoners have a great time avoiding combat if they have a decker backing them up . 
  which means they 'll have all their totems and consumables ready for the unavoidable fights . 
  i 've occasionally used at-2 as pseudo-arty , looping shells over cover to his targets at long range . 
  yep . 
  the realization of that god is called `` chim '' in the universe of tes . 
  tes has a whole deep layer of metaphysical lore that rarely gets referenced in the games that have come after morrowind . 
  probably because the developers do n't want to confuse and scare away newcomers to the series . 
  was n't aware of the black books referencing it , actually . 
  i run my skyrim with requiem , and the mod turns soltheim into `` oh fuck i ca n't believe how hard this is '' endgame content . 
  only read a black book once , and could n't make it out of apocrypha alive after that . 
  as noted by others , your build is fine for dragons and undead , while invisible entities are tough regardless of build . 
  not mentioned by others : your build can still handle dwemer automatons with preparation . 
  use lightning arrows and perhaps a staff of lightning bolt , if you can find/buy one . 
  if you have a bow with a lightning enchant , you 're golden . 
  you do n't need to go into enchanting to get one , you 're bound to find one in loot eventually . 
  so he could sneak spies , scouts and such in and out of mordor without gondor or anyone else noticing ? 
  the black gate is big , opening that is never going to go unnoticed . 
  oh , of course . 
  was browsing r/skyrim at the same time and forgot which sub i was in, 
  definitely not normal . 
  i use quicksave all the time . 
  when i die , the game loads the most recent save ( which is usually the quicksave , or an autosave from area transistion ) . 
  i do n't remember if requiem hides the quicksave notification ; it might , because it hides/changes a lot of the unimmersive notifications in the top left . 
  what do you mean by `` if game close after quicksave '' ? 
  do you mean that when using the ` continue ' choice in the main menu after closing the game , it does n't load the quicksave ? 
  was n't there an even older mission menu for planets ? 
  i remember when they changed to the version pictured in the gallery and thinking how much prettier the new version was . 
  almost certain they still spawn , but any unnamed dragons are labeled as `` dragon '' . 
  you 'll just have to determine the type by observation . 
  the only ones i can tell apart from the others are frost dragons . 
  going crazy , then . 
  the ability to distort my body to avoid injury . 
  suppose a yoma used an extending spike attack , but before the spikes hit , i could voluntarily create `` holes '' in my body that are n't bleeding wounds and the spikes `` miss '' the body and i just shape it back after the yoma pulls the spikes back out . 
  the ability has limits , of course , for instance it could n't prevent limbs from getting cut off , or help against being cut in half . 
  playing a non-stealth bow skirmisher myself , at the moment . 
  fighting at short range with an archer is all about the mobility and stamina regen for that type of character . 
  basically , the key is knowing when to stop shooting and move away from an enemy that 's getting too close . 
  relocate and take advantage of the weak-points of ai-pathfinding . 
  not just jumping on rocks they ca n't get to , but also using low barriers they 'll need to go around to get to you . 
  there 's a breaking point before it actually becomes reliable , though . 
  your stamina needs to regen fast enough to break even while running ( not sprinting ) . 
  this happens level 7-ish if your character can benefit from beast stew and its ' amazing 2/sec stamina regen . 
  if not , i 'm guessing level 15-ish , if you take only stamina increases on level-up . 
  hmm ... `` the untouchable '' sounds really good . 
  i like it . 
  and yeah , that `` shifting gap '' idea would definitely allow ignoring severing strikes as well ... assuming the attacking blade is not wider than the limb . 
  though that 's probably the yoki-intensve level of the ability that ca n't be sustained indefinitely ( much like miria 's phantom step early in the series , before the time-skip ) . 
  `` the untouchable '' . 
  props to op for giving me the name . 
  not if our battlesuits violently murder any machine cult wannabes before they figure out the dangerous stuff . 
  if you want to make absolutely sure , use the console , select the target by clicking on them and repeatedly use ` getav health ' to get frequent and specific answers about the enemy 's health pool . 
  i know draugr have ( or used to have ? ), 
  the problem where their displayed health bar would not visibly decrease until it got below a certain point . 
  leader modifiers like organizer also apply , of course . 
  this might call for splitting up the party . 
  for instance , suppose the bbeg has created a gate from which demons are pouring through . 
  the guy with the divine weapon has their badass fight against demons and holding the gate . 
  meanwhile , the bbeg has run off deeper into the dungeon along with the maguffin needed to actually close the gate and the rest of the party needs to get the thing before the divine weapon hero gets overwhelmed . 
  i think the folks over at / r/warshipporn would appreciate an x-post . 
  canada has oil money to fund all that maintenance , though . 
  we do n't . 
  [ slate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slate ) ? 
  did you mean [ shale ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shale ) ? 
  yeah , we do , but honestly , shale is pretty much an inferior version of coal in every way and the only reason we even bother to mine it for our power plants is because we do n't have any coal and we 'd be completely energy dependent on russia if we did n't . 
  yeah . 
  weald is the only place where i bring four shovels . 
  not just for thickets , though . 
  grave-robbing , too . 
  well , a character accidentally reads some eldritch occult spell ... not to mention their literacy might not be their best part of their skillset so they read it aloud to get it right ... 
  does n't sound that far fetched to me . 
  yeah , darkness is quite easy once your characters get to level 3 and you put in the weapon and skill upgrades . 
  really , i think it 's one of the weak points of the game . 
  since your options expand as your roster gets stronger , your ability to minimize rng risks pretty much surpasses rng 's ability to screw you . 
  my current run ( into week 40 ) had a point around week 20 where i was forced into going on a run while having only 132 gold . 
  veteran-level hag tpk-d a team just before . 
  pulled off a dark run and went on to have great success . 
  the plague doctor is kinda crap , really , compared to most other classes . 
  basically , her only useful skill is the stun grenade , and even that is only useful if the enemy has a full back row . 
  an occultist is better in the back row . 
  so is a second vestal . 
  and so is grave robber . 
  you can also put the highwayman in the back and , have a hellion , a leper or a second crusader in the front . 
  having conflicting perks like that is not that uncommon , and / r/likely _ lunatic is getting annoyed by everyone posting them . 
  my best guesses :, 
  dodge is subtracted from the attacker 's accuracy . 
  i have no idea how prot works . 
  maybe attacks have a hidden `` armor penetration '' value and if the attack does n't beat the target 's prot , prot forces a dramatic reduction ? 
  probably it 's just bugged or a placeholder mechanic . 
  spd definitely affects turn order . 
  probably an initiative roll on a d20 or a d10 modified by spd . 
  certain bosses are scripted to take several actions a turn , but spd does not affect how many times a character can act . 
  burning it as fuel produces a lot more waste material and less energy than burning the same amount of coal would . 
  coal and shale can both be chemically refined into oil products , and you need more shale than you would need coal to get the same amount of oil . 
  not sure about the waste produced by this kind of refining , though . 
  after intense stacking of of damage buffs , i managed to hit a bone commander for something like 70 damage without critting . 
  it was in the ruins , and iirc the bounty hunter had +60 dam from two cleansed altars , +20 from camp , another +20 from trinkets and +100 from marked target . 
  edit : ah , and there may have been another +15 from the quirk bonus against unholy . 
  not sure anymore . 
  i really love my jester and crusader combo for dealing with those pesky hags . 
  i put as many damage and crit buffs on the crusader as i can ( camp , trinkets etc. ),
