  and dodge buffs on the jester for survivability . 
  holy lance from crusader , jester uses drik stab to deal a bit of extra damage and put the crusader back in position for a lance . 
  definitely . 
  perhaps a good buff for h&s could be + crit and + acc against a marked target ? 
  as far as i can tell , the hag gets two actions each turn , and an additional action for `` into the pot '' if the pot is empty . 
  and the pot inflicts damage on whoever is inside every time any character takes a turn . 
  hmm ... hypothetically speaking , there are two options i can think of . 
  * option 1 : if the field shrinks , it implies it had to expand first . 
  as the field expands outward from the grenade , it throws the warp creature away from the grenade without directly damaging the creature . 
  might rip the creature apart , if the grenade detonates inside the creature . 
  effects of the field shrinking are a moot point , since a warp creature is always thrown away from the field as it expands . 
  * option 2 : a geller field ` forms ' at a fixed distance from the grenade , potentially imprisoning the warp creature inside it , maybe paralyzing it , maybe not . 
  the creature would be cut off from the warp by the field and greatly weakened while inside it . 
  it would likely fade away from prolonged warp-deprivation . 
  and you can most definitely find or create an infulential character in the imperium and/or admech who would call the `` invention '' heresy . 
  and witchcraft on top of it , since deviation from standard construction is even more frowned upon than usual when it comes to warp-affecting devices . 
  i go with vestal , grave robber , crusader , jester . 
  crusader has holy lance and is the main damage output against the hag . 
  zealous vigil in camp for extra acc, 
  jester has dirk stab for more damage against hag , and to reset the crusader 's position and enable his holy lance for his turn . 
  tiger 's eye in camp , for acc on crusader, 
  grave robber for scouting and traps to minimize event damage before the boss fight . 
  throw knife to deal additional damage to hag . 
  vestal to keep party topped off on health in non-boss encounters . 
  bless in camp for acc and dodge on crusader . 
  i 've also noticed the hag likes to go for back row healers first ( possibly because vestal has crap dodge ) . 
  something like four times out of five , the hag has put the vestal in the pot first . 
  which is fine , since you 're not going to out-heal the hag 's damage output anyway , and you can probably kill the hag before the pot puts the healer on death 's door if you do n't get terribly unlucky . 
  2x hellion with iron swan and if it bleets is good too . 
  there was another thread yesterday ... here : [ bounty hunter 's ` hook and slice ' literally worthless ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/comments/2vvfrb/bounty_hunters_hook_and_slice_literally_worthless/ ), 
  if that 's the case , then why are people allowed to have themselves blurred out of pictures taken of them in public venues ? 
  or is this a voluntary courtesy the photographer is not required to extend ? 
   first discovering ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ the internet ? 
  ftfy, 
  i think there are classes that are inherently religious , but can become non-religious from quirks like faithless . 
  other quirks like hieromania can turn characters of other classes religious . 
  the system is really weird and inconsistent , though . 
  well , yes , i 'm sure it 's a some kind of consistent mechanic that does n't involve an rng roll every time religiousness is checked , but since the system is n't obvious at all it comes off as being inconsistent about what makes a character religious or unreligious . 
  looked into it a bit after someone compared it to claymore , but it did n't do it for me for whatever reason . 
  i just went in with my own expectations and berserk did n't live up to them . 
  i 'm sure it 's a good manga in its ' own right , but all i can see is what i expected it to be and what it was n't . 
  born in ' 90 . 
  can confirm i do n't remember this bit of international news at all . 
  go with light armor , sword and light shield . 
  a bow as a secondary weapon . 
  for perks , light armor , lockpicking and either one-handed or sneak . 
  wildlife ^ \\* and bandits ^ \\*\\* ( except valtheim towers ) in whiterun should be manageable with the right tactics . 
  the right tactics being : first , pick off the lightly armored enemies . 
  second , use your superior mobility to trick the heavily armored enemies into using a charging power attack . 
  three , after evading the power attack , get in a quick sword hit or two . 
  repeat two and three until heavy is dead . 
  most importantly : you have a shield , but do not try to block with it ; it 's a waste of stamina and health at this stage . 
  the shield is only for desperate shield bashes if you miscalculate and ca n't evade the incoming power attack . 
  \\* - except mammoths and giants , obviously, 
  \\*\\* - except valtheim towers, 
  i think you meant, 
   ** ca n't ** parry a las shot, 
  you 'd have to create an immortal `` non-character '' entity that inherits the titles of of dynasties which go extinct . 
  there are of course other complications involved . 
  such as : how does declaring war to claim those abandoned provinces work ? 
  how do you prevent the immortal npc entity from actively declaring war on living characters around them ? 
  yes , i 've heard the got mod has implemented abandoned provinces which can be colonized somehow . 
  i 've never played got mod , though . 
  my knowledge about this is from looking into creating a similar mechanic for elder kings mod . 
  for certain entirely valid reasons , the leading devs of the mod shot the idea down and i never actually wrote any code for it . 
  so ... one of the old geezers gathered up a couple younger nephews and went to beat down the door of another old geezer ? 
  wrong , burger . 
  siberia of big oil reserves . 
  iraq etc. 
  is just as far for burger . 
  dae feel less intelligent after reading that article ? 
  i 'm sure the oklahoman republicans agree with this sentence . 
  they just have their own definition of enlightened . 
  and that definition is `` agree with our own ` enlightened ' worldview in every way '' . 
  edit : a word, 
  huh . 
  that 's a good stance to take , i guess . 
  still , i have to admit that seeing something that idiotic did make my brain hurt . 
  confidently holding a conversation after that amount of learning ( 2h/day for 5 months ) sounds unlikely . 
  might want to post the question to / r/eesti . 
  this place is kind of slow . 
  note that i 'm estonian myself , and i do n't know any non-native estonian speakers well enough to have asked them about how long it took them . 
  yeah , generators are ideal for supremacy . 
  in fact , if you 're planning to go supremacy , it 's probably best to favor building generators from the start , and later converting the early-game necessity farms into generators later on . 
  could be some kind exhaust , increasing the speed at which the toxic by-products of whatever industrial is going on inside the ` roid are expelled into space . 
  not by much , of course , but this is the grineer we 're talking about here . 
  well , i hope this is lesson learned for you . 
  never breach that room from that side . 
  especially not using the wide door in the center . 
  that room is admittedly a tricky one . 
  in my experience , the best solution is splitting your squad and encircling the room before revealing what 's inside . 
  that 's the ideal situation though , and might not be possible every time . 
  but at the very least , you want to breach from the side doors next to the power cores , not from the side that leads to the rest of the ship.that side of the room puts you in a terrible position where you wo n't have any flanking opportunities . 
  the energy helps to buy structures and units early on . 
  later into the game , supremacy affinity techs start giving buffs to generators which allow generators to produce resources other than energy . 
  basically , for supremacy , farms are obsoleted by generators at some point in the mid - to late game , and focusing on generators from the start saves time you 'd otherwise spend converting farms into generators . 
  leheima got my attention a bit more . 
  saaremaa was still vaguely recognizable . 
  scion , perhaps ? 
  a fractional healing increase would make sense .
