  but note that a number of non-primitive weapons have a pen value , which is subtracted from target av , and occasionally opponents have weaker limb armor , making an argument for called shots . 
  surprisingly , in vanilla bodies the weight does noticeably affect female muscles as much as bust size , perhaps more . 
  only problem is , it 's not as noticeable unless you have a texture mod adding more definition to female muscle . 
  hmm ... possibly you need to initialize the main quest by visiting helgen , assuming you use live another life like most people i know . 
  if that 's not the problem , then some script probably broke and you might need to look into manually setting quest stages to initialize riften . 
  the `` manual quest start '' only appears if you do n't use a vanilla start . 
  it 's basically a quest that directs you to explore helgen and find ralof/hadvar near the exit of the helgen escape tunnel . 
  aoe against 3 riposte maa , though ? 
  amazing , i suspect . 
  so far , though , i have n't gotten more than one of them in my lineup . 
  i 've had them available , but i 'm reluctant to dismiss veterans to make room for a level 0 maa as late in the game as that . 
  it could possibly be 39 . 
  weapons & armor_trueweaponslvllists . esp, 
  try disabling that and starting a new save . 
  that said , eorlund is more likely to have high-level gear , but is n't guaranteed to have it . 
  you might also want to try letting a few days pass so his inventory refresh , to check if it was just a fluke that he did n't have any good gear . 
  sounds more legit than the others . 
  have an upvote . 
  i 've only played the former , not the latter . 
  well , the `` tallinn is big on public transport '' part is a bit inaccurate . 
  the tallinn municipal government is n't doing free public transport ( for tallinn residents only ) out of being forward-thinking . 
  it 's doing an expensive , wasteful and unsustainable project to win more votes as its ' core voting groups ( seniors and ethnic russians ) are not as secure in their voting choice as they used to be . 
  bullshit politics is found everywhere , i 'm afraid . 
  even estonia . 
  yes , you can . 
  at any estonian police station , i believe . 
  though if you intend to actually move to estonia , it 's better to go for regular residency than e-residency . 
  e-residency is really only intended for entrepreneurs who want to do business in estonia without having to be physically present for signing documents . 
  this . 
  which time period , though ? 
  original or human revolution ? 
  i think i 'd prefer human revolution , myself . 
  better than scotland , in fact . 
  and the idea of scotland being considered a part of the nordic club was received positively among the official nordics . 
  this , definitely . 
  it was in sw saga , not dnd , but the principle was the same . 
  had a guy applying to a pbp game on myth-weavers with a good backstory . 
  i did n't think much of his listed race being near-human ( there were rules for custom races like that , after all ) . 
  turns out his near-human race coincidentally had a racial ability/feat that enhanced a very specific class ability into op territory . 
  it was a few years back and i do n't remember the details . 
  he kept arguing it should be allowed , i continued to disagree . 
  one of the two times i 've straight up booted a player from a game . 
  perhaps they took a ( few ) short break ( s ) to swap batteries offscreen ? 
  hmm ... how about `` there is no rule to which an exception may not be considered . '', 
  jester is still a capable class , though not because of his buffs . 
  rather , what makes him great are dirk stab and solo . 
  dirk stab quickly fixes most party lineup issues and deals some damage on top . 
  solo is a decent debuff that targets all enemies , if the jester happens to be in front already . 
  naturally , the rest of the lineup needs to be able to take advantage of that . 
  crusader 's holy lance synergizes well with dirk stab , as do any other forward-moving attacks . 
  as far as tankiness goes , the jester is more of a dodge-tank than an hp/prot tank , which is a gamble by definition , but with good + dodge trinkets it can work passably well . 
  tl ; dr jester is a necessity in any lineup that frequently makes move-attacks . 
  100 level 1 vamps , definitely . 
  kiting that swarm actually makes it less effective each time i kill a part of it . 
  the lvl100 vamp will remain ( almost ) fully effective even if it only has a sliver of health remaining , and it can drain hp from me to undo the damage i 've already done to it . 
  much more complicated to generate mazes like that procedurally , though . 
  or at least to generate mazes that are always winnable . 
  i mean in the sense of avoiding `` i 'm doing really well and am going to succeed ... but the game has glitched out and i ca n't reach that one room battle to clear it '', 
  an old video game i remember playing on win 3.11 . 
  some kind of turn-based strategy , with a starmap screen where you built factories and then used those factories to build ships of varying sizes . 
  it 's one way of doing procedural generation , but hardly the best , because by definition it means the `` complexity/noise '' part must be secondary to the objective . 
  the biggest problem with this pattern is that experienced players will be able to recognize the winning route , thus ruining the point of having a complex dungeon to explore . 
  for instance , in a cleanse mission , this method would mean that there 's a linear path containing room battles , and all side-paths must be empty , because they 're `` noise '' and thus ca n't have room battles . 
  there 's a second entrance to pinkerton 's part of the ship , below the waterline , where the ship has snapped in half . 
  much easier to pick ( possibly even unlocked from start , ca n't remember ) , but you 'll have to find an air pocket before you drown inside . 
  also , mirelurks . 
  default broken lords are n't that bad , but they 're very op as a template for custom factions . 
  their strengths are much easier to min-max around than , cultists , the * other * broken faction . 
   well they 're not oppressing minorities, 
  hahaha !, 
  that 's rich . 
  you 're serious . 
  in short , russia is absolutely oppressing almost all of its ' minorities , political , ethnic and sexual . 
  it just is n't getting much press because nobody important cares . 
  the russian communists are just allowed to exist to provide an illusion of plurality to foreigners , and because the communists ' ideas for foreign policy are in line with putin 's . 
  this new design looks pretty nice to me , though the `` back to reddit main '' button is no longer as intuitive as it used to be . 
  edit : oh , and the personal flair button seems to be wonky . 
  so basically , the russian government is allowing its nationalists and other citizens oppress the minorities . 
  still sounds like government-sanctioned oppression . 
  also , please elaborate how the us is actively enforcing oppression ? 
  sure , there are some corrupt cops and the government is letting them oppress people , but there is no proof that the government is ordering those police to oppress . 
  just letting them get away with it , just like russia and nationalists . 
  both are wrong and need to be stopped . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the us lets its ' police get away with racism . 
  just like russia lets nationalist citizens get away with racism . 
  nice to see some estonian ships on these infographics for once . 
  a whole third of our fleet is taking part in this excercise . 
  ... yes , that does imply our navy only has six ships . 
  as far as i can tell , raw means that the stormboy does n't move at all . 
  though personally , i 've houseruled to scatter the stormboy 's destination as per grenade scatter rules . 
  personally , i think a pure psi class would n't be a terrible idea , as long as it 's not the * only * class to have access to psi techniques . 
  as an example for this in eu/ew : a psion only carries a pistol to combat , but gets the psi lance and reflect abilities in their skill tree , which flat out are n't available to psi soldiers who also need to find the time to keep their marksmanship , grenade-throwing and other soldiering skills from getting rusty . 
  and by [ sabaton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sltgdibaaia ) as well . 
  basically , the idea would be to edit the game files to force starbound to use a screen resolution larger than your physical screen supports . 
  then take a screenshot of the starbound window , with a screenshot tool like greenshot . 
  of course , you would n't be able to see how the picture turns out until you look at the picture on your disk , since the game window is way too big for your screen to display . 
  but as long as the video card itself supports the high resolution , it 'll render the image , even if parts of it are off the monitor edges . 
  theoretically possible , but probably as annoying to do as using paint/photoshop to glue together lots of smaller screenshots . 
  never done big base screenshots myself , though .
