  that , and spamming runes on narrow corners . 
  eh , to be honest , that 's a demonstration of how silver melee is op , rather than 2-handed weapons in general . 
  sure , it takes more than one hit , but you can just as easily kill those enemies enemies during their activation animation with a one-handed silver weapon , because one hand weapons are so fast . 
  for one , mages already gain a minor magic resistance from their levelup magicka inreases . 
  for two , the rock-paper-scissors element is already broken at the light armor  mage section , because a pc mage will wipe out light armor just as easily as heavy armor . 
  lightning bolt and all the adept destruction spells make their mobility more or less irrelevant . 
  though i do agree that pc light armor has better options against mages than heavy armor . 
  having a land border with russia . 
  as i read it , i think it 's the total count of newspapers printed ( in thousands ) . 
  edit : however , after grabbing a daily newspaper from a nearby table , i can see that it ca n't be right . 
  ~ 45 000 copies of the newspaper in my hands were printed ( according to the note on the paper ) . 
  so 193k daily copies produced a year is ridiculously low . 
  so the number in the table must mean `` average printed per day , annually ( in thousands ) '' . 
  it very easily might . 
  having a larger stamina/magicka pool makes the respective stats regenerate faster as well in my experience . 
  though admittedly the increase in regen is nowhere near as large as the increase in pool size . 
  yeah , the postimees in question was actually from the end of last month , when my subscription ended :p, 
  nah , he 's just being honest about the fact that in requiem , most builds ( including the one you are going for ) have some type of enemy they 're weak against . 
  in this case , armored enemies . 
  though honestly , you just need to find an enchanted weapon ( enchanted sword , if you 're picky ) in random loot . 
  doing the grading client side is significantly easier to code . 
  just because they know better does n't mean they 're not going to be lazy . 
  eh , the strong-willed ones are worth protecting , even if their aim is crap . 
  they work well as psions later on . 
  miss martian is similar to mmh . 
  more raw psychic power , but less skill with both shapeshifting and psychic combat . 
  end result is the same : regular jean would get stomped . 
  against phoenix jean , mm might hold out for a while , but ultimately gets stomped . 
  not sure if this is still canon , but in one version of his backstory he went crazy after falling into chemical waste . 
  and that may also have made him stronger and tougher than he actually looked ; not metahuman levels , but still . 
  it was a long while ago and there 's no accounting for my memory , though . 
  can confirm that live another life and climates of tamriel work with requiem without problems ( that i have noticed ) , as long as you make sure live another life is loaded after all requiem esp-s , but before requiem for the indifferent the esp created by skyproc, 
  sadly , it seems that cobra mice are not available in my country . 
  thanks , though . 
  checked local prices . 
  that one 's around $ 70 , which is pretty standard small market bullshit for estonia . 
  do n't have that kind of money to spend on a mouse . 
  corsair mice look amazing , though , so thanks for the recommendation . 
   maybe 2-3 times of what you have on the tank . 
  the exact quantity to pre-buy depends a lot on the tank . 
  2-3 times is safe for most arty and many heavies . 
  some tanks , like the comet , are expected to use gold every match , so they need a lot more bought in advance . 
  wow , that 's a great resource you just linked . 
  i had no idea about that stuff . 
  to answer : i use a fingertip grip , in combination with a mousepad that has a `` wrist bump '' ( not sure what the technical term is ) . 
  edit : while i think i would prefer a palm grip , all mice i 've used are just to small for my palm . 
  the buttons end up underneath my knuckles . 
  according to an estonian price comparison site , the cheapest brands here are esperanza , defender and modecom . 
  i also know that logitech is a very common brand here , and it stands to reason that it would be cheaper than comparable products from other brands due to the larger import volumes . 
  well , have upvotes for all your advice . 
  i believe i 'll be going with [ cm storm recon ] ( http://www.hinnavaatlus.ee/products/arvutikomponendid/hiired/299084/ ), 
  estonian reservist here . 
  probably does n't work that way in the us , but i remember that the chaplain of our battalion had no religious affiliation of her own . 
  just degrees in psychology ( and possibly theology ) . 
  ` chaplain ' was a military position with no explicit religious connections . 
  yup , that was it . 
  just did n't have enough smithing skill . 
  thanks . 
  most weapon mods are compatible with requiem . 
  as long as the new weapons do n't have scripted effects , there should be no issues . 
  requiem is capable of making automatic adjustments . 
  however , the adjustment often makes weapons more powerful than they were originally intended to be . 
  weapons that were originally on par with iron will be only slightly more powerful , becoming slightly weaker than steel after being run through requiem 's scripts . 
  however , weapons that were originally on par with elven weapons , will be on par with glass or even dragonbone weapons after being requiemified by the scripts . 
  i 've found another great use of auto-aim is when i 'm cresting hills with a tank that does n't have great gun depression , such as a tiger . 
  it 's really hard for me not to go too far forward while i 'm trying to aim the gun and drive over the hill at the same time . 
  inb4 : yes , i know it 's a bad play to crest hills with a tank that is n't goot at it , but you ca n't always predict the situations you 'll run into . 
  does anyone know if inigo is compatible with requiem ? 
  the bounty threshold is really low , as is the threshold of the value of items stolen . 
  have you ever attacked travelling thalmor groups ? 
  that 's how i got barred from the blessings . 
  to make sure it 's not a bug : save game , use console to buff smithing to 100 , try tempering , if it works , reload save . 
  i 'm working on a smithing character myself , and i suspect low level items can not be improved as much as higher level ones . 
  first season of code geass . 
  ca n't recall which episode , though . 
  estonian here . 
  have visited the museum and being able to go inside that sub was awesome . 
  all you rich people ... making me feel like a peasant with my three-month-old gtx 650 ti ... 
  and yet russia would be the first one screaming about a second wave of nazism rising in germany if anyone important even suggested returning k\u00f6nigsberg to germany . 
  carrying out a proxy war in estonia is also an entirely different matter compared to doing it in ukraine . 
  for one , estonia is much , much smaller in both population and area . 
  the border is also much shorter and better patrolled than in ukraine . 
  admittedly , not as well as it could be , considering the recent abduction , but an army of russian `` vacationers '' is n't going to sneak through undetected . 
  russia will also have a much harder time finding adequate numbers of local supporters to act as a figurehead army for the cameras . 
  the local malcontents will simply not have the numbers to believably fight the estonian defence forces . 
  second , estonia does not use former soviet equipment like ukraine did . 
  russia will have a harder time denying that they have not supplied the weapons and , more importantly , the armored vehicles . 
  they ca n't believably claim that the rebel weapons and vehicles were captured from estonian stockpiles . 
  third , while the estonian military stands no chance against an open russian invasion , a proxy war is another matter . 
  the estonian military is much better organized and equipped , and it lacks the loyalty issues that were present with the ukrainian military . 
  as long as russia is trying to avoid crystal clear article 5 incidents , estonia might not even need american assistance to win a proxy war . 
  finally , even if america and western europe drag their feet with a nato response to the proxy war , i highly doubt that latvia , lithuania and poland will do the same . 
  because they know that if estonia falls , they 're next , and therefore have considerably more incentive to help estonia crush the rebels quickly , regardless of western support or approval . 
  to be honest , i think the arty problem , like many other balance problems with wot , could be fixed with making the maps significantly bigger ( and adjusting viewranges and increasing the render range to match ) . 
  this would lead to less arty-safe spots ( thanks to the higher angle of long-range arty shots ) , but also more difficulty in arty hitting moving tanks at long range , both factors promoting active play over corner or ridge camping . 
  and as a bonus , it would pronounce the roles of each tank on the battlefield . 
  accurate tanks and tds can actually take a clear advantage of their superior accuracy , while heavy tanks can move in the open and draw enemy fire , thanks to being able to reliably bounce top tier td shots due to distance-based pen drop . 
  ccor also allows you to adjust the amount of ore you can mine from veins ( and how quickly ) . 
  which is a good thing , because the smelting recipes of ccor typically require 5 ore for 1 ingot . 
  even worse is if the peter principle is true .
