  of course , these days it 's damn near impossible to save up enough money to buy a car or a house in the first place , so it 's not the same paradigm as it was back then . 
  it 's a bug . 
  the plot target died or became invalid between the cardinal getting the event to use bandits , and you getting notification event triggered by the cardinal 's event . 
  the downvote button is a core reddit mechanic . 
  a sub can only hide the button with custom css , not disable it completely . 
  the sjws just disable the custom css and keep downvoting , because they do n't give a shit about the rules or culture of the places they go . 
  we need to build a wall and throw the liberals to the other side . 
  they realize they 're fucked and going bankrupt . 
  so they 're siphoning money out of the organization and into the pockets of their associates while they still can . 
  it 's a pretty standard method of stiffing creditors who loaned them money . 
  nice ad hominem on your part . 
  he might be full of shit most of the time , but that does n't mean he has to be full of shit this time . 
  is n't there a saying about broken clocks that applies here ? 
  as far as i 've been able to find , major powers are n't interested in subsidizing ugcv development so the big defense contractors do n't think it 's worth developing anything for now . 
  the prototypes from estonia or singapore are basically smaller enterprises trying to find themselves a military contract niche where they do n't have to compete with the big corps . 
  i know the estonian military is considering paying for the first production run of that estonian prototype . 
  but even though the prototype supports a weapon mount , it 's probably going to be used as a self-propelled ammo crate , not as a weapon platform . 
  an embassy , and the ambassador as a person , is still important in regards to formal diplomatic relations between two countries . 
  having ministers and prime ministers just directly calling their foreign counterparts to talk about stuff is a waste of everyone 's limited time . 
  that 's why visits like that are usually high-profile and newsworthy . 
  also , the e-governing of estonia does not affect the costs of operating a hungarian embassy in estonia in any way . 
  it 's the hungarian foreign ministry that did n't have the budget to keep the embassy running . 
  an embassy needs to rent a physical building in their host country . 
  usually a really nice building in a very expensive area , close to the parliament or ministry buildings of the host country . 
  honestly , it seems to me you 're not really aware of all the stuff an embassy needs to do . 
  an embassy does a lot more than help out tourists that are in trouble . 
  you ca n't really have an embassy without a physical building . 
  it 's not an euphemism for anything . 
  it will improve relations between the two countries , which means the ai might be willing to accept some non-scripted diplo offers they otherwise would n't . 
  not an euphemism . 
  the focus will just improve diplo relations with the country , which helps with non-scripted diplo actions . 
  there 's also a matter self-fullfilling prophecy to consider . 
  if the media pressure for fbi to indict clinton is strong enough , they might indict her where they otherwise might not have . 
  which is why it 's important to give air time to shaky reports that you agree with , even if you know they 're probably bs . 
  just a shame his plan for making russia great again involves making ukraine , estonia , latvia , lithuania and possibly more of its ' neighbors to not exist again . 
  surely you 've heard the expression `` core worlds '' , though ? 
  a long while ago ( back in df2010 , i think ) i had this mountain embark . 
  basically , a canyon of almost-sheer dolomite cliffs with a brook on the bottom . 
  the cart arrived on a shore next to the brook that opened into a small nest of dry ground absolutely nothing grew outdoors , though , which made hunting , gathering and bed production really challenging . 
  only when i was already having fun in the form of a bronze colossus did i notice a couple of trees of vegetation in one elevated corner of the map that i had not looked at before . 
  by that point , i had straight-up smooted the dolomite exterior around the pillared entrance to the fort . 
  looked damn impressive , i like to think . 
  a shame the dorfs did n't actually get positive throughts from the impressive entrance i constructed . 
  my biggest discovery this week was [ nanosuits and soul magic ] ( https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/nanosuits-and-soul-magic-a-crysis-rwby-crossover.323077/ ) . 
  since the story started well before the release of vol 3 , it 's no surprise it diverges a lot from canon . 
  but it 's amazing and the characters are very much spot-on . 
  they added hellenic basically as an easter egg , so if you looked at the title history of byzantium or spqr , you 'd see historical figures with that religion . 
  definitely not the same case in 1989 . 
  by that point , movements calling for the dismantling of one-party rule were reaching critical mass in most of eastern europe and even in the ussr itself . 
  gorbachev had already told the satellite regimes that it would n't intervene like it did with hungary in '56 or czechoslovakia in ' 68 . 
  according to some memoirs , the polish government had even gone so far as to tell the ussr that it would cede from the pact and order its ' military to resist the intervention if one was targeted against poland . 
  let 's face it : by '89 the warsaw pact was just an unimportant formality and the countries involved were too busy with internal problems to bother with officially dismantling it until ' 91 . 
  a ) they throw lobby money at the people who make the laws ; and b ) the law needs to allow for some reasonable degree of rounding to prevent frivolous lawsuits regarding serving sizes and calorie content . 
  pretty nice map . 
  although it 's strange that you realized the great lakes in america would n't rise , but still expanded the caspian sea , which is also a lake and not connected to global oceans . 
  on the move camo in particular . 
  the elc amx is damn near invisible , even completely in the open at full speed . 
  if you 've lost gibraltar , then the strait is closed to you , and the side of gibraltar that is suitable for a naval invasion is on the inside of the mediterranean . 
  which means that if you 're sending out an invasion from sussex , it 'll have to go around africa and through suez to make the landing . 
  and the marines want intel and naval superiority for their whole journey . 
  see what happens if do n't try to land directly on gibraltar , but next to it and then grab gibraltar itself by land . 
  or select a starting port from north africa . 
  what ? 
  no , you do n't need air superiority . 
  you need naval superiority . 
  or rather , you need to contest it to something less than 50 % . 
  basically , what 's important with invasions is that the invasion fleet needs to have warship escort for its ' entire journey . 
  and as far as i can tell , the ai does respect that rule . 
  if you have invasions sneaking through , then it means they 're getting through when your doomstack is patrolling a different naval region . 
  even if you assign three regions to a fleet , they 're only projecting naval superiority into the region they 're currently in . 
  you do n't always want to assign the max three regions to a single doomstack . 
  it can be beneficial to split the fleet in three and assign each a single region . 
  if you 're talking about early wars that do n't turn global , then the benefit is a lower world tension increase . 
  if you 're still actively trying to remain below the 50 % ( or even the 25 % ) threshold , then puppeting is a good idea . 
  puppeting also costs less conference points per state , if you do n't want an ally to hoard the resources , but do n't have the points to claim the provinces for yourself , it 's good to create your own puppet . 
  otherwise , occupation is superior in every way . 
  you can request the ai to give control of the state to you after capitulation . 
  usually they accept if it 's disconnected from their core territory . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they always accept if they only control a part of the state and you control the rest . 
  it 's entirely possible that 's how long it took for them to actually form the empire . 
  it does n't necessarily mean they were just sitting on their bums the whole time . 
  the empire has vassal kingdoms like elbe , so it 's entirely plausible that for millennia , the roman descendants were really just one kingdom of many ( whatever they called themselves ) . 
  by year 0 , they had decisively established themselves as the dominant kingdom through war and/or diplomacy . 
  i think they actually mentioned this in one of the dev diaries . 
  the tl ; dr of it was : `` we know our map is completely wrong . 
  europe is the focus and needs more distinct provinces . 
  gameplay and display reasons . 
  deal with it . '', 
  it should be noted that his desire for a final reckoning with the jews heavily overlapped with a third goal : a desire for a reckoning with bolshevists and communists , which hitler saw as jewish-led ideologies . 
  the idea of nazi germany being a bulwark against red terror figured heavily in nazi propaganda . 
  formatting 's a bit messed up near the end . 
  to create bold italics inside a section of italics , it needs to be like this :, 
  ... you * *** personally *** * done to ... 
  other than that , you 're spot on with what you 're saying . 
  there 's a fascist event that gets you flat +20 % fascist with no unity penalty , but you have to share a border with a communist country to get it . 
  makes it much easier to go fascist as poland , for instance . 
  given how censor - and banhappy mods and admins are these days , i was reluctant to explicitly point that out . 
  bad idea . 
  as gm , you do n't lie to the players . 
  you can have npcs you control lie to the player characters .
