  so are you suggesting businesses should be denied health and safety certification if they meet the actual sanitation criteria , but do n't serve certain classes of people ? 
  the only criteria to form a business in the first place is whether or not you have enough money to meet minimum capital investment . 
  it 's your money and the government has no right to deny you from using that money to create a business . 
  there was no civil war in russia in 1915 . 
  going to assume you meant 1917 . 
  the answer is : there really were n't any innovations unique to the russian civil war . 
  out of all participants of wwi , russia was perhaps the least prepared for the heavily industrialized nature of wwi . 
  russia spent most of the war struggling to catch up to the sudden shock of losing the ability to import complex manufactured goods from the west . 
  in addition , russia 's ability to catch up was hampered by the germans cutting off their communications with the universities and industrial experts of russia 's western allies . 
  most innovations made in the civil war were about doctrine and organization , rather than technology and production , and even then it was mostly bolsheviks `` innovating '' to go back to instituting military ranks instead of having units vote on strategy . 
  russia did not have the resources ( especially the intellectual resources ) to rebuild and reorganize its ' industrial base until after the bolsheviks won and consolidated the industries and academia in the 1920s . 
  [ source ] ( http://encyclopedia.1914-1918-online.net/article/science_and_technology_russian_empire ), 
  not to mention that estonia was one of the few countries that sent troops into afghanistan without any restriction at all on where and how they could be deployed . 
  which basically meant they ended up in the dangerous zones and missions that nobody else ( besides the major members , britain and the us ) wanted to send their troops into . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_extinct_indigenous_peoples_of_russia ) is the inevitable fate of any ethnic or cultural minority under the thumb of russian nationalism . 
  the outcome for the minority is exactly the same as under cultural marxism , so no , it 's not better . 
  in general , it had to be exceedingly rare . 
  at minimum , soldiers who fought in wwi would have been 37 by the time wwii broke out , and that 's if they lied about their age and enlisted into wwi at age 16 , in the last year of the war . 
  it is * mathematically impossible * for a wwii soldier who also fought in wwi to be any younger than 37 in 1939 . 
  more likely , soldiers who fought in both world wars would be in their early - or mid-40s or even older at the outbreak of the war . 
  because of their age , they would be unlikely to be put into the front lines , where they 'd have to keep up with much younger and healthier men . 
  in addition , most countries would not forcibly draft the honored veterans of the great war into another war to begin with , so any such soldiers would have had to be volunteers ( except possibly for germany in the final months of the war , where they were drafting anyone ever remotely fit for combat ) . 
  americans in wwii only set foot in europe in 1944 , so most american wwi veterans would have been 50 + by the time , and definitely excluded from the draft and outright barred from frontline service on account of their old age . 
  in conclusion , if there were any veterans of wwi fighting in ww2 in battlefields they remembered , then it was most likely french and german officers who were a bit more distanced from the fighting the second time around . 
  no accounting for anecdotal exceptions , though . 
  and in this case , there is no law . 
  political allegiance is not a protected class , and there is continuing debate over whether sexual preference should be one . 
  the key feature of `` protected '' classes is that the person has to be born into that class . 
  obviously , people are n't born as democrats or republicans , so that does n't qualify . 
  the debate is also ongoing about whether people are born with their sexual orientation or not . 
  there have been gays who have turned straight , even without conversion treatment , and they 've subsequently received death threats and harassment from the gay community . 
  that kind of hate suggests to me the gay community has a problem with their pseudoscience being proven wrong . 
  when you actually look at the research , you 'll see it all operates on assumptions and boils down to `` it 's current year and certain forms of mental illness should n't be treated as such '' . 
  members of the apa [ have openly acknowledged ] ( https://conservativecolloquium.wordpress.com/2007/10/01/homosexual-activists-intimidate-american-psychiatric-association-into-removing-homosexuality-from-list-of-disorders/ ) that their decision to remove homosexuality from the dsm was due to the intimidation by homosexual activists , rather than any real medical breakthrough . 
  it 's also really , really white . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  did n't consider the perspective of the intervention forces enough to research it . 
  yes : change the state category to something that gives more base factory slots . 
  this will not affect actual province terrain for combat purposes ; only the amount of factories in that state . 
  the vanilla state categories can be found in ` common/state _ category ' , and you can copy the code from any of those to create a new category if you actually want to give a state more than the 12 base building slots of the megalopolis category . 
  so , irl has officially given up all pretense of having actual political and ideological principles beyond simply whoring out their parliament votes to whoever is leading the coalition ? 
  if you 've got a really good physician ( learning 16 + and one of several traits like * erudite * or * renowned physician * , possible * genius * ) , then experimental treatment is basically guaranteed +3 health and +3 to all stats . 
  and if you have an otherwise incurable disease like cancer or the plague , the experimental treatment can make the disease go away completely , which safe treatment ca n't do . 
  it comes down to the money . 
  old media , including bbc , is in sharp decline so they push whatever agendas the ruling elites are paying them to push . 
  even if they used to be impartial sources of information in the past , financial pressures are forcing all `` mainstream '' media channels to make themselves useful as propagandists and opinion manipulators for one side or another . 
  even publications like breitbart make their money from being biased . 
  only wikileaks remains as genuine journalism that is simply releasing information without pushing some kind of political agenda beyond freedom of information . 
  at the core of this issue is that the internet has made media as a source of information obsolete to people who are already committed to staying informed . 
  the once-profitable niche of honest journalism is simply gone , so they 're stuck with manipulating their remaining audience for profit . 
  it does n't . 
  russian ships are male unless they have a clearly ( grammatically ) feminine name . 
  * peter the great * 's pronouns are he , him and his . 
  probably not . 
  people can get all the information they want basically for free on the internet through sites like reddit . 
  the repetitive and biased shit has the big advantage of `` it 's dirt cheap to make and people still believe it , plus our donors pay us to make it . '', 
  `` superior force projection '', 
  europe unfortunately is n't united on the issue of defense . 
  the frontier countries at risk like poland and the baltics are already taking their self defense seriously . 
  estonia and poland are already spending 2 % and 2.2 % of their gdp on defense , respectively . 
  lithuania and latvia were making steps in that direction as well , but ran into some problems with their local pro-russian politicians pushing back hard against the effort , and then the 2008 recession happened and the money just was n't there anymore . 
  meanwhile , the ruling elite in western europe is hopelessly committed to being the welfare nanny state and importing voters in order to remain in power despite their original population getting sick of them . 
  to them , the switch from welfare to security is admitting the death of their broken ideology ; they 'd rather see their countries collapse than give up their power willingly . 
  and in the east , russia is looking for opportunities to steamroll over pro-western democracy in its ' neighboring countries , using soviet-era colonists as their excuse . 
  for the moment , europe does still need america 's protection , until the hillary and bush equivalents of europe are deposed in favor of the trump equivalents that will rebuilt europe 's own self-defense capability . 
  this might actually work , if arty had siege mode . 
  if you have an `` artillery awareness '' perk on your radio operator , you get a warning if your tank is inside the firing arc of a hostile spg that 's gone into siege mode . 
  it could have an effect on the value of trump 's properties , yes . 
  but if trump does n't allow that to affect his decisions in favor of those diplomats , it still is n't bribery . 
  bribery implies getting something back that you would n't have received in due course . 
  on the whole , i agree with the guy a few posts back . 
  i do n't see how diplomats using and endorsing trump hotels is any more of a bribe to trump than publicly using and endorsing an iphone would be for a major stock owner of apple if they became president . 
  well , i can honestly say that last one might not be that obvious everywhere . 
  in my country , we do n't actually have to carry a driver 's license with us anymore . 
  cops can use their onboard computer to pull up the digital record of your driver 's license with any valid id . 
  hell , if you can recite your personal id number from memory , you can even get away with carrying no id at all . 
  that said , the estonian system of digital bureaucracy is considered to be well ahead of pretty much everyone else . 
  so for most people , it really should be obvious . 
  that unemployment figure is [ highly misleading ] ( https://theamericanrevenant.com/2016/10/28/u-s-government-hid-14-million-people-the-truth-about-unemployment/ ) . 
  it only accounts for people who are still actively looking for work . 
  people in places like rural america and the rust belt have typically `` stopped looking '' by statistical standards because they know there are n't any openings unless they move across county or even state lines . 
  which is often something they simply ca n't afford to do , because their house is more or less worthless on the real estate market . 
  trump will primarily lower the deficit through encouraging economic growth in america . 
  yes , this will come at the expense of the chinese economy , but chinese prosperity is their own problem , not the americans ' problem . 
  america does n't exist to subsidize the 3rd world . 
  shit , `` finally '' ? 
  we 've had this stuff since before obama took office for the first time . 
  i recommend you wait for the together for victory expansion . 
  it 's going to have a [ whole new mechanic ] ( https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/hoi4-dev-diary-autonomy.981050/ ) with several stages of puppet status and ways for puppets to naturally break free , as well as ways to fully integrate puppets back into the country . 
  as far as your posts on the_donald go : that 's what you get for not learning that sub 's rules . 
  r/the _ donald is quite open about that fact that it 's not a discussion platform . 
  it 's a 24/7 pro-trump rally , with all the emotions you can expect from that . 
  trump supporters do n't go to the_donald to listen to other people 's concerns or to answer loaded questions about trump . 
  they go there to cheer trump and each other along , and they 'll downvote anything that goes against that goal . 
  depends , really . 
  sweden has a lot of industry for a minor and is a producer of steel , so if you declare on them late in the war , it 's possible they really have had the time to turn all their manpower into infantry divisions . 
  and then if they do something really stupid like putting all those troops on the border with finland , it 's rather easy to pocket up the entire swedish military . 
  what really surprises me is that sweden , still a democracy based on the name , actually managed to squeeze out 25 % recruitable population . 
   update.esm = 1, 
   dragonborn.esm = 1,
