  `` the united states '' was more about the `` states '' than it was about the `` united '' . 
  the civil war was primarily about abolishing the slavery institution . 
  that said , the whole `` states ' rights '' issue was a significant part of the cw and not at all a non-issue , even if many revisionists use that aspect of the conflict to pretend the south was n't politically dominated by the interests of slave owners . 
  but ultimately , the power that south carolina and georgia had to turn away john lauren stemmed from the fact that they had the men , guns and resolve to turn him away . 
  and because congress did not have the resolve to go into civil war over an issue that minor . 
  the kims ' regime is basically the endgame for any iron-fisted dictatorship . 
  internally , they 're always forced to choose the hard line and escalate , because if they attempt to soften their regime , their fanatics will overthrow them , while the moderates will want to throw them under the bus because the population , if allowed to step out of line even slightly , will want heads to roll for all the hardships they put them through . 
  they ca n't ever invalidate all the sacrifices they 've forced on their population in the name of protecting against the military threat of south korea and the us . 
  they ca n't ever claim ( or admit ) the need for sacrifices in the name of security has lessened . 
  ok . just ... no . 
  this glaring ignorance of history is not something i can let stand . 
  hitler most certainly did not have his shit together . 
  the dysfunctional politics of the nazi administration intruding into military planning and equipment design were among the reasons they lost the war . 
  policy could be changed on a whim because hitler liked the guy who proposed it , even if he had rejected the same proposal from someone else the week before . 
  smearing or otherwise backstabbing other members of the cabinet was encouraged by hitler , because he wanted his underlings to squabble among each other , rather than plot to assassinate him . 
  and that 's not even going into literal backstabbing and assassination that happened within the nazi party ( most prominently , sa vs ss , before the war ) . 
  on top of that , most of his administration was doing stimulants : cocaine , meth , etc you name it and a senior nazi was probably doing it if it existed at the time . 
  and then they went completely crazy from withdrawal when the drugs ran out toward the end of the war . 
  it 's a good idea , definitely . 
  xp should have a part in doctrine research . 
  as it stands , you end up unrealistically researching your entire doctrine tree by the time war breaks out , because doctrine bonuses are so significant you want them as early as possible . 
  bugged event . 
  colony finds terraforming machines from anomaly and the planet turns barren if the event gets the bad result . 
  it 's supposed to kill off the pops but it does n't . 
  the bug also happens in vanilla fwiw ; you 're supposed to examine the anomaly before you colonize . 
  you 're also not supposed to turn on the terraforming machines if the planet is already your preferred type . 
  it was really easy to pass , actually . 
  `` congressional exemption '' was the magic phrase that made every rep voting for it not give a shit about the possible consequences . 
  the manga is pretty much just as disjointed . 
  timeskips in gate are frequent and almost entirely silent . 
  still , the foothold was not as instant as it might seem . 
  at the start of what is the second episode of the anime , all we see are the allied kingdoms marching into barbed wire , foxholes and mg nests , none which are n't things that take a long time to set up . 
  by the time we see a proper fob/refugee camp built around the falmart end of the gate , there has already been a timeskip of about a week . 
  i disagree on that . 
  tanking is all that a number of ht tank lines have going for them , and they 're a lot worse to grind through than heavies with good guns that can actually do something to enemy heavies from the front besides scaring them into not rushing past . 
  xp for tanking should be capped of course , but it should still be a mechanic . 
  something like a 100 * tier maximum for tanking , scaling from 0xp at 0 damage bounced and 100 % at 2x vehicle hp , and no extra xp past 2x vehicle hp bounced . 
  and always on the condition that you survive , to discourage stupid behavior or collusion . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  but i do n't have the statistics or the vodka bottle wg uses when they decide the exact balance of wot economy . 
  the formula for maximum tanking xp would probably be more complicated than a linear n * tier . 
  here 's a thought . 
  double the base research time of doctrine , but add the ability to `` accelerate '' land/navy/air doctrine research speed with xp . 
  specifically : world war ii . 
  before then , it was part of germany . 
  probably also sexist . 
  `` there 's no way a female immigrant could be qualified enough to get selected for citizenship on anything other than marriage '', 
  possibly the command is an artifact of the clausewitz engine that hoi4 does n't use . 
  nothing at all in vanilla uses it , and neither does any other major mod like blackice , millenium dawn or kaiserreich . 
  bright sunlight can make screens look dim and faded ? 
   they were much less people, 
  you uh ... might want to rephrase that . 
  use `` fewer '' somehow , maybe . 
  double abom blight spam is better . 
  everything just melts against that . 
  even things with blight resist . 
  pretty simple : they do n't think fetuses are babies . 
  i would n't , but only because i know they 'll just look at my existing military/medical record , see the big fat `` unfit for service '' line and say `` lol no , stop wasting our time '' . 
  i think you 're missing the point here . 
  what you 're suggesting , is basically to have ppa operate at a loss while pp continually injects money into it . 
  if pp continued to receive title x funds in this kind of situation , the conservatives would likely see it as pp laundering the title x funds in order to pass them on to ppa for abortions , and we 're right back at the start of why conservatives oppose pp receiving `` their '' tax money through title x. 
  shell games with company names are n't going to fix the underlying issue here . 
  nah , sales manager was essentially `` allowed '' to quietly resign . 
   he wanted to apologize for the actions of the sales manager and informed us that they asked for his resignation . 
  all parties agreed that him leaving quietly was for the best of everyone involved . 
  at least i 'm pretty sure the `` him '' in the second sentence refers to the sm , not the vp, 
  yeah , the numbers get funny as the research time reduction reaches 100 % . 
  the reason it is n't reduced to 1 day , is because the ahead of time penalty modifier is applied separately from other research speed modifiers . 
  the formula , as far as i can tell , is base \\* ( 1 - ( research modifiers ) ) \\* ( ahead of time penalty ), 
  will we be able to restore this easter egg from a separate mod after april 1st , or are you just going to wipe it ? 
  generally , we do n't support it . 
  and the recent fcc thing that was repealed was n't even about net neutrality . 
  and it was just a rule that was in place for 90 days , it was n't a big deal in the slightest . 
  the rule was about isp 's having restrictions on selling `` anonymized '' client statistics ( but these statistics were n't anonymized enough that a person ca n't be singled out from them ) . 
  the reason why some support this repeal is because it does n't really matter in any way : corporations can buy essentially the same information from social media sites already and the government compiles the same information under the veil of secrecy through intelligence agencies . 
  this repeal opens up the possibility that the government will start buying this information from isp 's above-board , opening the excessive government surveillance and invasion of privacy topics up to 1st and 4th amendment challenges in court . 
  social media has access to and tracks a lot more than just likes and dislikes . 
  reddit tracks everything you 're subscribed to , all self threads you read , and probably all outgoing links you click . 
  if you have a facebook account , they track your visits to any site that has an fb like button , even if you do n't touch the button itself . 
  and do n't even get me started on everything google keeps track of . 
  my isp being allowed to sell information about my town or city block is no scarier than what social media does . 
  your isp knowing the connection from point a to point b is unavoidable unless you use a tor service . 
  and even then it 's just replacing your isp knowing about it with your tor service knowing about it . 
  your isp needs to know where you are and what you want to connect to in order to provide you the connection . 
  there are two solution to this . 
  the first , which i do n't support , is compelling all isp 's to delete this information . 
  it 's more regulation and i 'm opposed to regulation on principle if the issue can be solved in a way that involves less regulation : this second option being to repeal the security - and copyright-borne regulations that compel isps to keep this information , and then let the free market selection sort out the rest . 
  cars can be ( and have been ) used to drive into crowds by terrorists . 
  guns are also used to stop nutjobs and terrorists from murdering more people than they already have . 
  you have a really poor grasp on history , if you think humans would suddenly stop killing each other for political , religious or plain old insanity reasons if guns suddenly stopped existing . 
  stopping someone violent using a gun is far easier and safer than stopping them unarmed or with some kind of melee weapon . 
  even if the violent guy has a gun themselves , and especially so if they only have a knife or axe or something . 
  condemning people for working at a company that makes guns is as stupid as condemning people who work at a company making cars . 
  perhaps the argument could be made about the executives that make the decision to sell to dubious arms dealers , and arms dealers who are willing to sell to people who probably should n't be trusted with guns . 
  but blaming the average joe that gets a factory job to feed his family ? 
  hell no , they 're not at fault . 
  of course , just as we are free to select an isp that assures us in the contract that they wo n't keep that data . 
  poorly phrased on my part . 
  yes , i know that if you 're using a vpn , then your isp is completely unable to track your traffic beyond knowing you 've established a vpn tunnel . 
  however , the vpn service itself will still be capable of tracing , storing and selling your traffic data if they want to do it .
