  i love living in a country where people who are too stupid to figure out how to drive a manual are n't allowed on the roads . 
  then again , introducing invasive species of plants into the special region for economic reasons is bound to be controversial with the environmentalists . 
  except then it turns out the various herbivores of the special region ca n't digest the plant that well , or just do n't consider it food to try and eat it . 
  the daikon spreads into the wild , presses out other plants the herbivores do eat . 
  herbivore population declines , followed by carnivore population . 
  and that 's how ecosystem collapse happens . 
  and this is why in the modern day and age we 're ( trying to be ) exceptionally careful about introducing new species of plants and animals to isolated ecosystems . 
  that option only changes the unit insignia , though . 
  it does n't change the `` counter '' actually placed on the map . 
  a single md can accept all that is sent . 
  only sending is restricted to 5000/year/md, 
  to be fair , lots of people who vote for clinton or sanders likewise vote with gut feeling and do nonsense like calling peer-reviewed scientific studies racist when it goes against their own biases . 
  it boggles the mind that truth can be considered racist by some people . 
  i suspect this is because of the changed supply system . 
  plus the air supply system in hoi 3 was terribly unrealistic as well . 
  if you had enough transport planes , you could literally keep entire armor corps supplied pretty much anywhere . 
  it was just another completely overpowered mechanic , which the ai had no idea how to exploit . 
  i could definitely see a more balanced version of air supply , though . 
  assign transport planes to `` air supply '' in a region and they deliver supplies to cut-off airports in the region , instead of just paradropping anything from rifles to tank shells to replacement tigers wherever they please . 
  hmm . . a shame we ca n't see the xvm stats of those involved . 
  possibly it was a violet asshole removing the competition on his own team . 
  after all , greedy moves and screwing over your teammates to get more damage done yourself is rewarded by wot . 
   is it cause they had to give it up that i cant get it back ? 
  is that right given up if you denounce the citizenship ? 
  this is the key part here . 
  if your parents gave up their citizenship before you were born , then you were born as a swedish citizen and do not have a natural right to estonian citizenship . 
  if your parents gave up your estonian citizenship on your behalf when you were a child , then you are entitled to having your estonian citizenship restored , but you must denounce your swedish citizenship to do so . 
  there are also residence conditions , which basically amount to having to legally live in estonia for at least six months \\* before you can request to have your citizenship restored . 
  \\* - possibly a year . 
  i 'm not sure what counts as `` permanent '' residence right now . 
  i know at some point the law was changed from 6 months to a year , or the other way around . 
  edit : disclaimer : i am not a lawyer . 
  shame you 're being downvoted . 
  arty trying to dislodge tanks in good defensive positions is exactly the right thing to do . 
  since an unicum knows what they 're doing better than us joe average players , it is perfectly logical to assume any position they take is a dangerous defensive/sniping position . 
  lemon means sub-par in general . 
  which the mentioned tanks in the leo line really are . 
  all four tanks mentioned are the worst mbts in their tier , and the remainder are just average and nothing more . 
  there 's no op tank you 're `` rewarded '' with for slogging through the grind to t8/9 for the german tanks . 
  you already get the mk3 cbl module at tier 7 . 
  you dropped this \\ \\, 
  yeah . 
  this is the problem with extended timeline mods for hoi . 
  there are so many ways that ww2 can play out , that it 's impossible to create flavor events and stuff for all possible outcomes , and still have them make sense for the in-game situation . 
  the only way to extend the hoi timeline in any kind of depth without making everything a `` generic '' extension , is to put the game on rails and force ww2 to play out as closely as possible to real history . 
  actually , now that i start thinking about the mechanics , hoi4 might actually make the ww2-cold war transition workable with the focus trees mechanic . 
  it would be feasible to map out an `` outcome of world war 2 '' focus tree , which has a variety of options for partitioning the world after the war ends . 
  when a player winning ww2 enacts the focuses , they start sending out decision prompts to ai countries . 
  for instance , let 's say player usa takes the `` end of ww2 '' and its ' child focus `` fate of korea '' . 
  which is going to result in a complex event chain involving japan , china and the soviet union . 
  depending on who holds which parts of korea , it can either get released as a single neutral state , get split historically , or even remain japanese territory , if japan still holds it at the end of the war . 
  and of course , the decision prompts allow various countries to defy player-imposed or ai-imposed solutions and go to war over them . 
  anyway , my point is , the focus tree would allow the player to make sure partitioning events ca n't fire until it actually makes sense for them to fire . 
  in hoi 3 , the only real option for modders was to check occupied provinces . 
  exactly . 
  but i think if someone were to mod this , it should still be a player who triggers this process with their own decision first . 
  if the ai is allowed to start the `` end of ww2 '' partitioning process on its ' own , then either the condition logic is loose enough that the ai can trigger it prematurely , or the logic is so tight it locks the player to a railroad of non-choices . 
  well sure , the end-of-war peace conference is going to be important , but there needs to be a more controlled partitioning after the conference for the purposes of setting up an ahistorical cold war , let 's say with usa vs reich vs japan . 
  there needs to be some room to maneuver or have proxy wars , which implies the creation of new states and puppets in much of the occupied territory . 
  not sure about 5e , but in 3.5 e , warforged had a 1st level feat which replaced their standard metal armor with light non-metal version , allowing them to become druids at the cost of reduced ac . 
  i imagine 5e would have something analogous somewhere in the rulebooks and if not , you can always ask your dm to create a houserule to the same effect . 
  to detect colonies , you want passive infrared or em sensors . 
  active sensors are terrible at detecting colonies in all circumstances . 
  i do n't think a size 1 passive sensor would detect a colony at that range . 
  you can check your own homworld and colonies ' ir footprint in the industrial summary screen and expect the npr 's homeworld to be about the same . 
  from there , you can experiment with the module designer to see what size and resolution ir sensor can detect the colony at 16mkm . 
  also , this might be a good time to consider designing a stealth ship . 
  it takes more than just bamboo to make a region suitable for pandas to live in . 
  the areas that have enough forest , bamboo and other necessary qualities have gotten really small with all the deforestation going on . 
  so when people say `` all the bamboo would be gone '' , what they really mean is `` all the bamboo in the small habitats still suitable for pandas would be gone '' . 
  as much as i enjoy seeing trudeau get punched in the face , that is one terrible photoshop . 
  that does not look like a survivable neck angle . 
  then again , with high energy anything 's possible . 
  let 's be honest , as much as people have a hard-on for the a-10 , the thing would be completely useless against any armed force with aa capabilities above shoulder-launched missiles . 
  the us would be better off selling the things to countries that have insurgent problems , instead of deploying them overseas with their own troops . 
  nice to see some shadowrun pieces here . 
  i do n't think the daniel vs johan game in www was indicative of all that much . 
  they were deliberately rushing things to get the game to some kind of conclusion . 
  the same applies to the single-player www games , since they only have an hour or so of time every week and daniel wants to show off as much stuff as possible . 
  also , considering the depth of warfare and industry , you 'll probably spend a considerable amount of any game paused laying down plans and considering your industry , particularly if you 're playing a major with lots of industry . 
  of course they did !, 
  scumbags only care about putting polar bears up for nomination because that 's what brings in the money . 
  the disease colony is definitely a cool idea i 'll keep in mind . 
  there are times when the players need a break from black-and-white situations where violence is the most appropriate response . 
  i do n't think so . 
  to the best of my knowledge , the crew compartment is considered hull , so if it penetrates far enough to reach the compartment , it 's going to do damage . 
  exactly . 
  what used to be entry-level positions are now unpaid internships . 
  well , sure , building factories does n't require that much thought , but assigning military factories and dockyards will . 
  and in true leftist fashion , she deludes up an interpretation in which she has done nothing wrong and is being unjustly persecuted . 
  typical dwarves are pretty big on self-sufficiency and take pride in their skill at construction and mining . 
  it makes little sense for them to rely on imports for construction materials . 
  if you want thoughts for alternatives , here 's a link to the [ dwarf fortress wiki ] ( http://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/df2014:material ), 
  i 've said this elsewhere , but light armor leveling/xp gain . 
  right now , there 's just no way to effectively train the skill , especially at early levels . 
  what 's more , the only viable method of training light armor is deliberately avoiding a level up until you can visit an armor trainer that level . 
  an immersion mod should not be encouraging metagaming . 
  nationalism . 
  ahh ... reminds me of one of my very early games in iberia . 
  i first blundered into inheriting the throne of castile as navarra .
