  vampires are tough , but not that tough ; their legendary threat status comes from their high damage output . 
  ah , i think there is an hp display bug going on . 
  certain powerful undead ( draugr bosses and vampires , for example ) have hp buffs that are n't appropriately reported by the enemy hp bar . 
  basically , the hp bar shows a ' 100 % ' base value , but due to how requiem buffs work , the enemy actually has something like ' 150 % ' or ' 200 ' % of the base hp . 
  until the hp is knocked down to the 100 % value , the hp bar does n't decrease . 
  i thought this bug was fixed at some point , though . 
  so i 'm not sure if that 's actually what 's going on . 
  he does that when you have no gold ( or less than 20 or sth ) in your inventory . 
  op * just * said he was asking for what other people use/prefer . 
  getting a reliable opinion judgment out of google is a tad more complicated . 
  it 's been a while since i 've gone that far in the main quest , but as others have noted , this is part of a daedric quest . 
  it 's possible you have failed this quest , if you removed the elder scroll from the puzzle device before using the lexicon to transcribe it . 
  i 've never had to put the elder scroll back , so i do n't know if it 's possible . 
  awesome when it works , but it usually does n't and it 's not worth the hassle . 
  i made a few attempts at completing the civil war questline but eventually gave up . 
  the most annoying i had was the defense of whiterun . 
  what seemed like a perfectly winnable defense ended in defeat every single time , no matter how hard i savescummed , because good ol' legate rikke kept getting back up and killing stormcloaks until the battle was lost . 
  meanwhile , no matter how many imperials i took down , i never seemed to get the imperials to lose . 
  it seemed as if the game was forcibly not allowing their forces remaining count to go below 7 % . 
  still , seeing stuff like a squad of imperials slammed into orbit by a giant in stormcloak livery was totally awesome . 
  hmm ... several parts seem ... familiar . 
  like i 've read them somewhere else before . 
  and out of curiosity , did [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy4qu5rqtau ) play any part in inspiring this ? 
  edit : fixed link . 
  linked to wrong song before . 
  here is a link to an [ official statement ] ( http://www.fi.ee/index.php?id=3444 ) by the estonian finance inspection ( a branch of the department of finace ) . 
  in estonian , i 'm afraid , and i have n't found any official translations . 
  however , here 's my translation of the key point :, 
   the service of virtual currency is not regulated by law , it is currently controlled only by the service provider and all risks are carried by the user of virtual currency . 
  the remainder of the text is a basic explanation on the nature of virtual currency . 
  bitcoin is mentioned as the most successful virtual currency scheme . 
  the little girl clare that teresa found is the main clare . 
  the options for the final question are `` am i making sense '' and `` am i retarded '' . 
  since you are not making sense , you must be retarded . ^ ( just kidding ), 
  if it 's a chaos ship , you can probably hand-wave with warp `` physics '' . 
  in all seriousness , though , i think frigates are the upper limit . 
  40k ships are massive . 
  if op was thinking of something like a cruiser-sized troop lander though ... 
  i think those would basically be single-use . 
  built in orbit , loaded up with troops and then become fortified command bunkers after they land disgorge their troops . 
  they would not come back up . 
  i ca n't recall any examples of anything like that in 40k , though . 
  afaik , 40k deployments are by shuttle or drop pod . 
  the guards in heavy armor could be considered the jarl 's elite guard or something . 
  i wonder if it 's feasible to make a mod for requiem so the heavy-armor guards only spawn inside ( small hold capitals ) or around ( big hold capitals ) the jarl 's keep . 
  all movement speed is slower in requiem if you 're wearing armor . 
  especially if you 're wearing heavy armor . 
  being very low on stamina also causes a significant speed debuff . 
  taking perks in the armor trees and increasing the appropriate armor skill reduces ( and eventually negates ) these speed debuffs , except for the low stamina one . 
  to clarify , the speed debuffs are universal . 
  a debuff that reduces running speed ( normal movement ) by 50 % would also reduce walking speed ( caps on ) by 50 % . 
  from the other side of that , it 's possible to do zero damage as arty not because of lack of trying but because the rng is screwing you over . 
  full aimed shots landing right in front of a stationary target , causing no damage from splash . 
  shots hitting wrecks that are already dead by the time the shell arrives . 
  playing arty is definitely not some kind of easy point-and-click minigame . 
  giving judges free reign to dole out life sentences is not an ideal solution . 
  judges are human too , after all , and can be corrupt , mistaken or even flat out malicious . 
  because of that , a line needs to be drawn in law , to prevent judicial tyranny and excessive sentences becoming a norm . 
  at least , that 's what i 'd say if i was some bleeding heart about prisoners ' rights . 
  personally , i say it 's better to err on the side of harshness and make sure judges could lock monsters like that away permanently . 
  even if it was , shifting gears right is different for every car . 
  unless you have years of experience driving a variety of different cars , you 're probably going to mess up the first time you 're driving new car and produce some cringe-inducing sounds with the gearbox . 
  and if do you have those years of experience , you 'll be looking for a better-paid job than being a valet . 
  in estonian , `` mats '' means `` peasant '' . 
  so being estonian , i first read it as mats hit a dvd . 
  damn peasants hating on pc components . 
  in this instance , the first law would be conflicting with itself . 
  both action ( broken pressure sensors are dangerous ) and inaction ( elderly person still needs help ) could result in harm to a human . 
  based on checking the stats of the giant slaugtherfish , i suspect that werewolf attack is the unarmed attack . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not sure how unarmed attacks work , exactly . 
  the only thing i know for sure is that creatures with powerful unarmed attacks have an unarmed damage buff active on them . 
  while i 'm not 100 % sure about this , i strongly suspect that the unarmed attack is universal between all npcs and animals . 
  so i 'm guessing you 'd have to give werewolves a racial buff to unarmed range , rather than messing with the unarmed attack directly . 
  i remember that both of the necromantic empowerment spells ( from conjuration ) were perk-locked in 1.7.3 . 
  no idea on 1.8 . x ; did n't get to play it for too long before a driver update ( and the following attempts at making it work again ) utterly broke my skyrim . 
  you ... forgot . 
  that ~ ~ the sov ~ ~ russia . 
  strange that this is your experience . 
  i 've seen wolves attacking deer plenty of times . 
  and saber cats fighting spiders as well , which is really useful , because if either of them declared a winner before i got away , they 'd eat my low level characters for dessert . 
  the rule does help , i think . 
  i do n't recall any massive influxes of new subscribers who start drowning quality traffic with karma whoring and questions that are already answered in the sidebar . 
  though in lw , overwatch spam is not longer such an ideal solution , because ` lid ` squad leaders ' have lightning reflexes . 
  wow , so i 'm not weird for internally cringing again any time i remember my life 's most embarrassing moments ? 
  good to know . 
  it definitely is a bug . 
  destroyed an outpost early in the game for a quest . 
  then an outpost by the same name was reestablished and hutama started whining about me attacking his trade partner . 
  which is really a bitch for me , because i have a fairly decent cooperation triangle going on between myself , hutama and ... the african guy . 
  default range of city anti-orbit is 2 . 
  quest upgrades to range 3 ( or increased damage for city bombardment attacks , if the ai is dumb enough to take it ) . 
  i have nothing helpful for getting your game to work , i 'm afraid . 
  however , i can at least give you some reassurance that it should be possible . 
  i know dosbox can run ascendancy because i 've used it to play the game on windows . 
  did n't have any problems . 
  so dosbox definitely does support the game . 
  at the time , gorbachev most definitely intended to preserve the soviet union . 
  * perestroika * and * glasnost * did normalize international relations , but gorbachev was hoping it would also provide a venting point for internal dissent without actually having to do anything about the complaints of dissenters besides public reassurances that something would be done until people got distracted by everyday life and stopped complaining . 
  and you were in fact the first among the pms as well . 
  email incoming soon,
