  completing each of these quests increases the frequency of random dragon encounters : * a blade in the dark * , * the throat of the world * , * alduin 's bane * . 
  it 's also worth noting that many major rebalance/overhaul mods override this and set their own frequency for random dragon encounters . 
  traversable rivers also did n't exist until tog . 
  probably not . 
  there are already rumors hillary us planning cancel her appearance at the monday debate . 
  not just some reddit experts saying it , but actual ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ news outlets speculating on the option . 
  that 's going to be enough of a disaster for hillary , letting julian keep scandalous material for closer to the election . 
  the key to defeating hillary 's propaganda machine is to keep the scandalous disasters in the limelight all the way to election day . 
  they need to pace the reveals as much as possible , to last until election and not run out before election day . 
  or worse , cause an information overload by a single massive release , which people will just forget by the time of the election . 
   bethesda got a lot wrong when it came to vampires, 
  honestly , vtm vampire lore ( though i agree that it 's great ) is just different from tes vampire lore . 
  vampire lore is n't supposed to be some universal constant that is always the same across different works . 
  bethesda did n't get anything `` wrong '' , they just made their vampires different . 
  lal lets you start out as a non-lord vampire . 
  that 's one of the biggest exploity starts lal provides for requiem , since it bypasses the hp requirement of having to survive the hp debuff of being infected with vampirism before turning . 
  one of my longest-term quests in requiem has been the effort to see if any of the dialogue is different if i wake up serana as a vampire . 
  which essentially implies joining the dawnguard as a level 20ish mortal , and then turning into a vampire before descending into dimhollow crypt . 
  because dawnguard detects and attacks vampires on sight in requiem . 
  unlike vanilla dawnguard , which let vampires join the ranks without blinking an eye . 
  just ... wat . 
  an order dedicated * purely * to hunting vampires fails to recognize an infiltrator that walks up to their doorstep and asks to join ? 
  they do n't even have the vigilants ' excuse of specializing in daedra . 
  the healthcare in estonia is not great , and it 's been steadily getting worse these past few years . 
  if you need the attention of a specialized doctor , be prepared to wait two to four months for your appointment . 
  it 's very common for estonians with serious medical issues to end up in the er about a month before the appointment they scheduled for whatever issue they had . 
  and then get scolded for not making an appointment sooner . 
  the public healthcare fund is regularly running out of budget by november or december . 
  and unlike other countries ' welfare , the government does n't give out extra money when budgets run out . 
  the government is expecting healthcare professionals to resolve the budget issue by cutting costs . 
  as a result , doctors ' and nurses ' strikes are becoming more frequent . 
  estonian healthcare is a mess , and i do n't recommend coming here if you expect to need regular medical attention for your disability . 
  but if you just need painkillers on a regular bases , then it might still be viable . 
  as a university student , you 'd have government health insurance coverage , paying a significant portion of the price for any prescription drugs . 
  the problem is , india and china are going to benefit from that sustainable posterity as much as we do , without having to suffer from the competitive disadvantage of complying with harsh environmental regulations . 
  essentially , we 'd be sacrificing ourselves to build an environmentally sustainable future for india and china . 
  we have no obligation to build up a future that we 're not going to be a part of . 
  you 're mistaken in your assumptions of how stop and frisk works . 
  first , the cop does need ~ ~ probable cause ~ ~ reasonable suspicion , but he does n't need to share it with you on the spot . 
  he * would * need to share it in court , if he found anything illegal that led to criminal charges . 
  if the cop ca n't justify his reasonable suspicion ( and no , `` he was black/hispanic '' is n't good enough ) , the evidence he gained through the stop and frisk ( or rather , the search and seizure that followed ) ca n't be used against you in court . 
  ( but it can be used in interrogation , to trick you into giving a valid confession ) . 
  secondly , stop and frisk does n't allow the cop to search your pockets . 
  the idea behind stop and frisk is to allow cops to * frisk * over your clothes for concealed weapons . 
  if he does feel something that might be a weapon , he can proceed to proceed to search and seizure , a procedure meant to search a suspect for evidence . 
  search and seizure requires * probable cause * , which is a much harder standard to meet in court than * reasonable suspicion * . 
  incidentally , detecting a concealed weapon or what might be drugs during s&f does grant probable cause . 
  feeling anything that 's obviously not a weapon ( your wallet or cellphone ) does n't give the cop probable cause . 
  stop and frisk does have a lot of potential for abuse , and i do think there needs to be some additional recourse for people who get harassed by cops without good reason . 
  the history behind the stop and frisk law is complicated , but it was basically the courts legalizing what cops were doing anyway . 
  before stop and frisk became law , cops were just inventing unverifiable circumstances to give themselves probable cause and went straight to search and seizure to see if a suspicious individual had weapons before just asking them questions on the street . 
  maybe unfair , but the harsh reality is , with movements like blm encouraging violence against cops and whites , cops are far more justified in their paranoia than you might like to think . 
  police have no moral obligation to gamble or sacrifice their lives for the rights of suspected criminals . 
  their primary obligation is to make the public environment safe from the threat posed by criminals . 
  also , i highly recommend reading through the archives of [ this webcomic ] ( http://lawcomic.net/guide/?page_id=5 ) that explains various aspects us law in layman terms . 
  what 's particularly good about the explanations , is that it often goes into history to explain why laws are the way they are . 
  better buy pepe before it 's too late !, 
  not sure what the first 0 might be . 
  unlike the others , it does n't look like a float , so it 's probably not an offset . 
  9.50 is probably x-axis offset . 
  which probably means 1166.00 is the y-axis and 0.00 is the y-axis offset . 
  it would also stand to reason that the last number is the z-axis offset , because the map is n't flat 2d . 
  use tdebug to select a test province and see what happens to troops in that province when you change the values . 
  make sure to back up the original values before testing . 
  marriage certificates are signed by state officials , not by the cleric carrying out the ceremony . 
  a cleric may be authorized to sign marriage certification , but does n't have the same obligation to do it as a state official does . 
  sure , the gay couple can sue in civil court , but if the cleric or church refuse to settle and the case actually goes to court , the gay couple will probably lose unless the cleric 's lawyer is utterly incompetent . 
  not at all . 
  a president can pardon someone from all their past crimes without having them found guilty first . 
  the only thing a president ca n't pardon is crimes that have n't been committed yet . 
  so basically , hillary and co. would have to commit new crimes during trump 's upcoming term if obama issues general pardons for their past crimes . 
  somehow i doubt they 'll have difficulty with that . 
  the statements made to congress can be used to prosecute after the fact , though . 
  it 's why pleading the fifth is even possible in congress . 
  it 's not really useful unless you want to set up a remotely-operated business in estonia ( and by extension , in the eu ) . 
  does n't give you the right to physical residency in estonia . 
  the only `` good '' thing about the tiger p is that it has a strong lower plate . 
  if you shoot it in the lfp ( like you would every other german tank ) , you 're going to bounce . 
  which makes the tiger p armor pretty good against players who know the general rule of weak lfps , but do n't know the tiger p is an exception . 
  no risk of neo-nazi association . 
  not unless you also dress the part ( i.e , leather jackets , swastikas , german crosses , etc. ) . 
  however , if you can , i highly recommend growing out a beard of decent thickness to go along with the baldness . 
  makes you look at least 20 % more stoic , thus making you less conspicuous among estonians . 
  while i ca n't say what native people of the region thought of it , the c.asian republics were significantly affected by the war effort . 
  first , many of the evacuated industries in ukraine and eastern russia were relocated into the c.asian republics . 
  the c.a republics also saw significant immigration of russians and ukrainians , who were resettled there with those relocated factories . 
  secondly , a significant number of people suspected of collaborating with the axis powers in other areas of the union were deported into the c.asian republics . 
  is the bot broken ? 
  buy pepe !, 
  #no breaks !, 
  i think the biggest potential for interesting choices in the barrels vs pipes dilemma , is to make belting barreled liquids superior to pipeline connections for production . 
  being an average player , i admit i did option 2 relatively often and got salty about it , back when i was at around 2k games played . 
  at the time , the idea that all flanks must have a presence , any presence , seemed so obviously true that i never even questioned it . 
  we 're talking obvious on the level of `` water is wet '' . 
  until i watched the videos of jingles and qb and slowly realized that leaving a flank completely undefended is actually a better option than trying to hold it alone . 
  a major shortcoming of all the wot game instructions and tutorials is that they do not explain even the most basic of team tactics . 
  not outside the articles on the wg site ( that no casual player ever visits ) . 
  i think it 's because there are just too many bugs , too much boring micro and a lot of the time you end up winning just because the ai does something [ colossally stupid ] ( https://i.redd.it/32mr1g4hmbnx.jpg ) . 
  and when i mean boring micro , i mean just that . 
  in the air game , there are practically no decisions to be made .
