  `` after nightfall , though , the real horror started . 
  rauros , our cleric , was the next to go . 
  fiend opened a secret door , pulled rauros in and closed it again . 
  we heard the screams through the wall , but i could n't find a way to open the door . 
  `` by the end of it , i was fleeing out the dungeon in a panic . 
  lost my hand to a swinging blade . 
  looked back at the door one last time after i 'd gotten out and saw the creature 's figure staring at me , with red eyes . 
  i think they were glowing a bit , even . 
  made it back to the village and retired from adventuring after the locals patched me up . 
  though at least it 's quite obvious the guardian ca n't or wo n't chase intruders past the compound walls . 
  `` well , that 's my story then . 
  i hope you can appreciate it by paying my tab for the evening . '', 
  as you leave a few coins for the woman 's drinks , she gives you a faint smile of gratitude and says `` i recalled something you might find useful . 
  the way it often came from different directions and then disappear from sight at will , i suspect it could just go through the walls , but still be solid when it needed to push people into traps . 
  it 's possible it had secret passages everywhere , but i personally believe suspect it 's a ghost or wraith of some kind . '', 
  while i sympathize with their reasons , i stopped feeling sorry for them after seeing all those creepy-ass shrines of theirs . 
  rebellion and violence in response to oppression i could accept . 
  but the whole hagraven cult leading them shows just how far gone they are . 
  4 ) bring up politics related to russia ; especially not with a positive attitude toward russia, 
  5 ) yes, 
  6 ) yes, 
  as much as i like love the concept of a 2h sword character , it just does n't work for me . 
  i always get frustrated with the early stages of the game because of how tactically limited the playstyle is . 
  just reload after reload as i fail to pull off a `` flawless '' victory and instead run out of stamina before killing everything in the room . 
  usually , i end up abandoning the character before they reach level 10 . 
  the problem is further worsened by the fact that i usually restrict myself from alchemy for rp reasons with 2h characters . 
  so i rely on buying potions from merchants and finding them in loot . 
  there 's a mine in one of the orc strongholds , iirc . 
  the one south-east of windhelm . 
  at least there was in vanilla , i do n't think i 've checked that mine in requiem . 
  there were also two ebony veins in the mine of shor 's stone , but requiem replaces those ebony veins with iron . 
  ebony can also be found in raven rock mine , in solstheim . 
  but that 's dragonborn dlc content . 
  finally , there 's an ebony vein on the very top of the throat of the world , but the location is quest-locked until you get the clear weather shout from the greybeards . 
  ahh ... that feeling of finally getting all your mods working and then being afraid that looking at the load order will cause it to break . 
  the stronghold gates require a key , and are only opened by an npc when the daedric quest is triggered . 
  there 's a problem with judging intent over outcome : only the perpetrator can really know their own intent , and even that is n't guaranteed . 
  humans can be pretty damn irrational in their decision making . 
  should a court have the power to make moral judgments on a person 's personality and their motives ? 
  should a legislative body have the power to codify something as complex as quirks of human personality and thought process into law ? 
  or is it safer to limit the authority of courts and legislators to more substantially verifiable matters , like the outcome of a perpetrator 's words and actions ? 
  try to bash enemies just as they are entering a power attack animation . 
  it takes careful timing , though . 
  it 's entirely possible to bash too late to interrupt the attack . 
  also , bashing with a one-handed weapon is nearly useless at low levels . 
  it takes more time and more stamina than bashing with a shield . 
  in general , tanking does not begin to work at all until level 20-ish . 
  you do n't have the health or the stamina or the stamina regen necessary . 
  you need to learn dodging , before you can become powerful enough to tank . 
  ah , and one other thing : are you using light armor of heavy armor ? 
  starting out with a full suit heavy armor is a waste of time . 
  it makes you too slow to be effective in combat . 
  however , your speed in combat depends on your stamina . 
  once you get reach a base of 120 stamina , start wearing boots or gauntlets . 
  as you increase stamina and heavy armor skill further , keep testing how much heavy armor you can wear without becoming crippled by the speed reduction . 
  the chest piece will be the last part of your heavy armor set you 'll be able to wear into combat . 
  but do n't neglect health , either . 
  you do need health , primarily to prevent being oneshotted by some of the nastier critters out there . 
  as long as you 're alive , you can attempt to gulp down remarkable healing potions . 
  because driving manual is n't required to get a driving license there . 
  and people are lazy . 
  well , looks like there will be a lot of misspelling of our pm 's last name in the next four years . 
  it 's ` r\u00f5ivas ' not ` roivas ' . 
  alt + 0245 literally took me less than 10 seconds to look up . 
  i saw gold and white when i first looked , maybe a strange bluish tone of white , but still recognizably white . 
  and i 'll admit until recently i was only marginally less confused than you are , as to how people could possibly be seeing black on that dress . 
  though this thread has helped a lot . 
  also , finally saw black and blue when i darkened all the lights in the room and turned my monitor brightness way down to almost zero . 
  putin does not actually have to kill them , he can just as easily have them loaded into cattle cars at gunpoint and ship them to siberian prison camps where most of them will die of the cold and starvation . 
  to his loyal subjects , he will announce that the fifth-column traitors have now been dealt with and that they no longer stand in the way of russia 's glorious future . 
  the only part of the russian population that wo n't believe putin and praise him for his decisiveness will be the handful of opposition supporters that avoided the purge , and it 's likely they will choose to remain silent . 
  edit : of course , the west will heavily condemn this action , but putin does n't really care at this point . 
  opposition from the west only makes him more popular . 
  as long as his homefront is secure , putin he knows that the west will never invade russia first . 
  the devil really is in the details , i agree . 
  one absolutely bizarre simplification i 've seen used by both us and russian sides of this , is the notion that the smaller countries ( baltics , ukraine , hungary , finland etc. ), 
  in between the superpowers are incapable of forming their own stances and having their own agendas and interests . 
  like a country must be one of three options :, 
  * loyal us ally/puppet under us influence, 
  * loyal russian ally/puppet under russian influence, 
  * wait-and-see neutrality, 
  international politics are a lot more complicated than just the interests of current and aspiring superpowers like the us , russia and china . 
  in addition , despite what cynics would have everyone believe , it 's not entirely about pragmatic decisions . 
  occasionally , symbolic idealism-based decisions are still made there , though usually for placating a malcontent domestic audience . 
  do you mean the slightly conservative one ( irl ) , the more conservative one ( ekre ) or the crazy conservative one ( eip ) ? 
  eip is crazy ... but as i have recently learned they are not nazis . 
  fascists , possibly ; bigots , definitely , but not nazis . 
  because nazis ( neo - or otherwise ) need to share hitler 's views on the supremacy of the aryan race to qualify as such . 
  given that estonians have finno-ugric roots , rather than `` aryan '' ones ... 
  i do n't know what to think of ekre , they do make several good points which no other party is willing to accept . 
  but on the other hand , their policy ideas supporting isolationism and euro-skepticism are fundamentally short-sighted at best and their ideas for carrying out those policies are completely retarded and will never work in the real world . 
  irl is ... kinda meh . 
  they claim conservatism , but as far as i can tell , most of the people with consistent political views have left the party . 
  all that 's really left of irl is career politicians who just want to hold on to their power taking advantage of the people who vote for them based on what their party did in its ' heyday , before merging with res publica . 
  increasing the funding of regional development outside tallinn and taking steps to prevent the migration drain from areas outside the big cities . 
  enabling the possibility for the public to initiate law changes by petition and requiring the parliament to process petitions with at least 25 000 signatories . 
  naturally , this would n't mean the parliament needs to pass every petition into law . ', 
  reducing the amount of criminal sentences that only involve ` conditional ' prison time . 
  khajiit merchant and other general store vendors can still have brooms in stock . 
  theoretically infinite supply .
