  the only hope you have of reliably bouncing shots in them is to cause ricochets . 
  learning the details of vision mechanics will also be useful , because you do n't want to be spotted in a german heavy when you take shots at enemies . 
  1 ) there is a reload button ( ` c ' by default , i think ) that allows you to reload early , but you do have to wait the full clip reload even if you reload early . 
  an autoloader gun can not be changed to fire like a regular gun . 
  2 ) see the second half of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx0znhsedmu&amp;user=bohemianeagle ) for how vision mechanics allow tanks to remain undetected after shooting . 
  3 ) it 's highly recommended to at least spend the credits to buy a 75 % crew starting at tier 5 . 
  do n't * ever * bother with free retraining . 
  if you ever obtain gold , then the three most important things to spend it on are garage slots , crew retraining and crew recruitment ( in that order ) . 
  you should expect to reach 100 % on the first skills around the time you have enough credits to buy your first tier 8 . 
  not on the tier 8 , however . 
  instead , you should decide on a tier 5 or a tier 6 tank that you enjoy playing , and keep that tank around even after unlocking all modules , for earning credits . 
  150mm he against 80mm of unspaced tiger side armor is definitely frustrating . 
  if even sidescraping does n't work against it , then it explains a lot of my sidescrape fails . 
  i 'm not arguing that zorzal 's part in her insanity absolves tyuule of all responsibility . 
  what 's she 's doing is certainly a conscious act of revenge . 
  while she does deserve to be held responsible for her actions , i do n't think she deserves to be hated for it . 
  refresh it and it works . 
  yeah , the european idea of shorter sentences focused around rehabilitation is really flawed . 
  in reality , it 's just a farce of pretending the state is handling criminals in a civilized manner , while giving short sentences so the state does n't have to pay as much for keeping people in prison . 
  if the prison system was really about rehabilitation , the sentence would be an indefinite `` until rehabilitated '' duration . 
  i 'm not supporting the prison complex . 
  if anything , i 'm in favor of turning prisons into mental hospitals fully dedicated to rehabilitation and treating all felonious behavior as a mental disorder . 
  meaning : the prisoners/patients are released from the hospital when they are deemed to be cured by health professionals ; not after some arbitrary amount of months or years decided by a bunch of lawyers in advance . 
  we 're just building tall and going for the internet science victory . 
  why give a shit about having claims on rest of european clay ? 
  basically , start distancing the acolytes from the inquisition . 
  put middle-men between the inquisitor and the acolytes . 
  deny them supplies through official channels . 
  if they want to prove themselves deserving of the inquisitor 's limited resources , they 'd better produce results with what they have available already . 
  another aspect is probably not giving them critical missions that must not be allowed to fail . 
  let them ** feel ** how failing their inquisitor makes them even less important in the grand scheme of things . 
  ah , the interesting design decisions that come out of specializing afvs to the terrain of a specific country . 
  really ? 
  open link in new tab and pressing f5 on the 403 page does n't show it ? 
  strange . 
  really strange . 
  i got the image to display earlier . 
  not sure what i did , then . 
  edit : ah , i see what i did . 
  i opened in new tab , then went to the address bar and pressed enter . 
  a wizard 's maximized 1d4 on the first level is quite insignificant if they have 10 con and manage to roll consecutive 1s for levels 2 and 3 . 
  most of my dnd knowledge comes from the 3.5 days of yore . 
  last time i played or ran a dnd campaign was back when 4e was still new . 
  the right does call out fundies , but nobody on the left notices . 
  the left calls out the sjw , nobody on the right notices . 
  it 's almost as if different media corporations are giving their audience what they want to hear and be outraged about . 
  and trump has called out both of them on their bs . 
  as have a number of other right-wingers you 've never heard about . 
  eh , i 'd say it 's probably because russophiles are ( hopefully ) overrepresented among finnish political figures . 
   we 've all broken 3.5 in our own ways, 
  that right there is one of the reasons i actually liked 4e when it first came out . 
  it managed to level the playing-field between the core classes compared to 3.5 e. 
  as far as my experience went , none of the classes could break the system trivially , compared to 3.5 , where wizards and druids had to deliberately mess up their feat and spell picks to prevent them from eclipsing the rest of the party . 
  ftfy , to match suur-suomi . 
  yep . 
  the [ battles of khalkhyn gol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battles_of_khalkhin_gol ) , where the russian armor and air forces utterly wrecked the japanese , prompting a non-agression pact between the two . 
  do n't drink alcohol . 
  the only one of my personal rules i have never lapsed on . 
  it 's not necessarily a contradiction . 
  many , many leftist professors have a lot of free time to indoctrinate their students . 
  they get money just for being `` educated '' and having the correct political leaning . 
  outside of stem fields , being a professor does n't have to be a time-consuming career . 
  however , once a cuck becomes a mod of a sub , reddit can help these cucks kick off any `` controversial '' senior mods that might shut the cucks ' agenda down . 
  while the map is cool , there was a very good reason estonia signed a peace with the soviets and cut support of the white russian army . 
  namely , the british considered the baltics to be a legitimate part of non-communist russia . 
  if the whites had won the civil war , estonia would have gone back to being occupied by russians . 
  probably sooner than it did historically . 
  the problem is with `` established '' . 
  none of the major world powers recognized the baltics as legitimate states until after it became clear the bolsheviks were going to win the russian civil war . 
  at this point , the only reason i 'm still staying with windows 7 is because switching to a new os is a hassle . 
  the moment anything kicks the bucket to the point i 'd have to reinstall anyway , i 'm switching to linux . 
  ah , it seems i worded my point poorly . 
  and you seem to have forgotten the post i responded to . 
   everyone spies on you guys . 
  microsoft , google , youtube , facebook , you name it . 
  you are n't gon na get away from it by staying on windows 7/8 . 
  the only reason i have n't switched away from windows entirely yet , is because with my current setup it 's a bit too much of a hassle to switch to linux without losing data . 
  it would basically allow japan to evacuate to the special region instead of standing together with the rest of humanity to fight back against the aliens ' ground invasion . 
  with shit hitting the fan as it does in ind. 
  day , japan would no longer have the benefit of american protection . 
  so china might try and negotiate or even make a direct attack on the gate , in order to be able to evacuate as well . 
  the gate is a perfect chokepoint , obviously , so japanese on the other side can basically prevent anything from getting through as long as their ammo lasts . 
  i imagine one of their first priorities on the other side would be pushing the special region into an industrial revolution . 
  considering the desperation to hold the gate no matter what , i think it 'll turn into what is effectively colonial exploitation of the special region 's resources provided by the less-advanced natives . 
  meaning 1 in 20 shots will still go outside of it . 
  and the margin by which it can go outside is bigger the bigger your full-aim reticle is , so arty has the greatest potential to be shafted by rng . 
  nah , they do have to show up a few times to register their bank account . 
  or to get it in cash because they have n't been given bank accounts yet . 
  plus , they might want to keep it as cash , to cut out the jew banker middle men ... of wait . 
  of course they have to get it on bank account . 
  the jews woould n't allow themselves to be cut out like that . 
  and now we just wait until the media reports she has been murdered by a `` white supremacist '' . 
  and then wait for the media to suddenly not be outraged anymore when police announce it was a `` lone wolf '' radical muslim from somalia . 
  sounds a bit op , to be honest . 
  you can already lock in good quirks . 
  if you want to reroll ~ ~ good ~ ~ suboptimal positive quirks , just lock in everything you do n't want to lose , go into the dungeon and plan your interactions accordingly . 
  you might be able to do this :, 
  getadblockstate : function ( ) {, 
  return null, 
  but really , you 'd want to find out what the value of ` this.adblock ' is if there 's no adblock , and replace it with that .
