  from this scenario , a number of different games could work . 
  for instance : an asymmetrical empire-building game , where the japan faction has advanced technology and units , but very limited resources that will run out if they do n't capture more . 
  while the empire faction has population and manpower , as well as resources , but ca n't hope to beat japan militarily until their resources run out . 
  and finally , a number of minor factions , like elves and vassal kingdoms , with limited resources , technology and manpower , but looking for an opportunity to seize resources from a weakened empire . 
  heck , this does n't even need to be a game of its ' own , now that i think about it . 
  hearts of iron 4 could totally be modded for this scenario . 
  or , it could make the basis of an rpg . 
  the jsdf recruits a `` militia '' of local volunteers to deal with bandits and wild monsters . 
  a `` sandbox '' campaign where the player is a jsdf soldier tasked with leading a militia squad , plus a more restrictive campaign where the player starts as a locally-recruited squad member and needs to earn the promotion to squad leader through plot advancement before unlocking the sandbox mode . 
  possibly the endgame plot would be where the gods and demigods turn against the japanese remnant and attempt to destroy their advanced technology as the jsdf runs low enough on resources that the gods can actually overcome them . 
  the problem is mods that add more ideologies than the vanilla four . 
  what you 're seeing is the game soiling itself a bit when it does n't understand which flags to use for any given country . 
  it 's a known issue in most of the modern-day mods . 
  there 's no known fix at this time , even when the flag files exist and are labeled correctly , the glitch persists . 
  group identity can be a powerful thing , though . 
  if the shitbird gm plus the other players ( besides op and op 's so ) make up something like 50 % of your entire social circle then i can totally understand being afraid of alienating them for the sake of standing up for someone that 's still a stranger . 
  that kind of social anxiety can turn anyone into a shitbird . 
  if i had , when i was even just a couple years younger and less mature , actually found an rp group in my area that was even sort-of functional in the long-term , i 'd have be terrified of doing something that might cause the group to break apart . 
  even if i had been put off with what someone else in the group ( particularly the dm ) was doing , i 'd probably have stayed silent . 
  edit : improved some messy wording . 
  basically , the image we see just amounts to random noise . 
  there is no determined `` image '' or `` pattern '' to it , since the unevenly applied mechanical force activates rods and cones in a random pattern . 
  it 's also always vague and faint because the mechanical activation does n't activate nearly as many rods and cones as actual light would . 
  if that 's the case , then you 've messed something up with the flag filenames somewhere . 
  the flag system can be annoyingly trial-and-error at times . 
  if you like people screaming putin 's name , here 's something better for you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apncsqpyxac, 
  would n't this mean a fanatic xenophobe ca n't achieve tech victory if no fanatic xenophobe fallen empire does n't spawn in the galaxy ? 
  it 's okay , but be sure the address can actually be used to reach you . 
  make sure your friends know where to forward any mail that 's addressed to your company . 
  it was probably the changes to the habitability system ( new three-column system , instead of the previous circle system ) that broke the mod . 
  it could also be the part where asteroids do n't have habitable tiles by default , but since you 're saying it worked earlier , i can only assume your mod already fixes that problem by giving asteroids a size . 
  yep . 
  selling features that complete the game as paid elements of `` expansions '' . 
  \\* cough \\* blitz tool \\* cough \\*, 
  pick one of these :, 
  a ) they do n't know ( because the corporate media very rarely covers the topic ), 
  b ) they think it 's just baseless election smears ( because this is what the corporate media tells them when it does ), 
  c ) they 're part of that corruption gravy train and do n't want it to stop, 
  what the actual fuck . 
  this is statutory rape . 
  the boy is n't mature enough to capable of consenting . 
  whether the boy made * anything * clear should be irrelevant . 
  they might as well replace the verdict with `` ignorance of the law is a valid legal defense ( as long as you 're a refugee ) '', 
  [ also relevant ] ( https://www.chapelcomic.com/39/ ), 
  not even angel 's + bob 's . 
  spaghetti level rated 2/10 . 
  seriously , this is n't horrible at all once you 've built the fucking loops and waste output handling you need to get an angel 's + bob 's factory running before filter inserters . 
  no , seriously . 
  if his son was * just as bad * , he would have offed dear old dad to take full control already . 
  either he is n't just as bad , or he 's not quite as competent as old soros himself yet . 
  so either way , soros ' death will at least be temporary blow to that network of influence . 
  i see . 
  i did n't even know about that yet . 
  and yeah , another prime example . 
  so basically , it 's okay that the price point of a complete , finished game from a major publisher is actually $ 120 these days ? 
  when indie studios are perfectly capable of producing quality games and selling them for no more than the price of one or two `` expansion packs '' . 
  if it was okay , they would n't have to cheat us into paying the amount piecemeal like this . 
  fuck that , i 'm calling the pdx shitheads out with my wallet and not buying any further `` expansions '' . 
  only way those bastards will listen . 
  welp . 
  we 've officially reached the level of art in stalin 's ussr : an era where all works of art had to be related to the heroic proletarian struggle . 
  [ eesti already has into space . 
  by and large , yes . 
  however , the voting franchise was tied primarily to landowning . 
  there were female landowners during the era who did have the right to vote well before the 19th amendment was passed . 
  a number of states did pass laws that explicitly barred women from voting , but this ultimately just confirmed that the constitution did n't automatically bar women from voting if they met the other requirements . 
  except ... no . 
  you used to be able to go directly into solo play . 
  they actually had to remove functionality to force the game to attempt a pub match first . 
  does n't matter . 
  a ship with a hangar section is just going to be dead weight in the fleet after the 20 seconds it takes for cruisers and battleships with even half-decent pd to wipe them out . 
  the only place where strike craft are viable at all is in early game defense platforms . 
  this is definitely a claim that needs to be sourced . 
  biased media has been biased for a long time , and in more than one direction . 
  but either way , snowden 's case is a lot less clear-cut than assange 's . 
  i 'd say the best case here would be for trump 's ag to arrange a * public * trial of snowden to ensure the fairness and transparency of it . 
  secret trials , especially when intelligence operatives are involved , are a very shitty compromise regardless of outcome . 
  if a geniune spy is found guilty , the public will see making an example of a whistleblower . 
  if an official gets caught in internal department drama and gets falsely accused of abusing their power and is found innocent , the public will see a coverup and a cozy retirement . 
  getting over the institutional fear of publicly dealing with these trials transparently and in full view would go a long way in weakening the power held by the court of public opinion . 
  honestly , the ship count is the only useful bit of op 's intelligence report . 
  technically , yes . 
  but the civil war bugs out and instantly ends as both sides of the civil war are still puppets . 
  because of that , the controller of the puppet is forced to join both sides of the conflict , making the war invalid . 
  they patched it out because puppet civil wars were horribly glitched . 
  in the raj 's example , it was possible for britain to join both sides of the civil war . 
  nah , he probably means that higher level dungeons are too dangerous to afford the loss of firepower . 
  right , `` resign '' . 
  worst case scenario for the guy : he gets a fucking golden parachute . 
  he should fucking hang for corrupting the justice system , along with all his fellow weasels . 
  the only thing that 'll fix the corrupt us poltical system at this point is a straight-up purge at the top . 
  it is n't even controversial : people just getting away with false accusations is a serious problem . 
  especially the part where women can ruin men 's lives without a shred of proof . 
  and even if a man accused of rape is found innocent in the courtroom , he 's still gets stigmatized by society while the woman gets away scot-free . 
  the world would be a better place if everyone had the resolve and the resources to counter-sue for false accusations like trump . 
  his tracts covered a much wider variety of topics than d&d , though . 
  he was well-known among religious `` loons '' long before he became known among geeks . 
  sure they can . 
  they 're not evil white devils of european descent . 
  nah , this is rule 63 .
