  trump seizing wire transfers would have the same results on mexican politics as if mexico suddenly stopped a welfare program that kept a large portion of the population out of poverty . 
  even if the dent is temporary , it would force even more mexicans into crime to make a living , and there 's really no getting out of criminal employment for those people , even if payments resume later . 
  the worst thing is , i can totally imagine that being a conspiracy theory among western nobility of the time . 
  that the walls of constantinople fell not simply because the filthy muslims had cannons , but because there was sabotage from the jews to weaken or demolish the walls from within , or even just selling the knowledge of a weak section to the ottomans . 
  yeah ... no . 
  it is not programming or software development . 
  modern video game ai is a complex state-based machine with randomized elements in its ' decision weighting , not a simple linear script like you 'd make for a website or a shell script . 
  [ archive link ] ( http://archive.is/jvy7r ), 
  the people who want building tall are also likely to want win conditions other than military dominance . 
  it 's not a bad thing for a game to have options for winning that do n't involve the late game just becoming a slog through derpy and weak ai empires . 
  not necessarily . 
  a science victory could be along the lines of `` be the first to invent time travel '' . 
  something so completely game-changing that the military superiority granted by your unique technological achievements can no longer be expressed in fleet strength numbers . 
  an influence victory would mean having such high cultural influence on the galaxy that the population of that militaristic empire deposes the leaders and immediately and sues for peace , if they declare on you . 
  of course , this implies an influence victory would not be available to xenophobe-ethic empires or other isolationists . 
  their children are us citizens , of course , but the citizenship of children should not extend back to the parents , or grant their parents special privileges . 
  harsh as it sounds , the correct course is putting the children in the foster care system and deporting the parents . 
  of course , some would argue that being put in the foster system is punishing the child . 
  it 's not , but the foster system does need to be improved to the point that the argument can no longer be made . 
  he just took tyranny modifiers from imprisoning and executing his wife each time the wife 's first child was a girl . 
  considering the economic influence of the us in the world , there are many , many ways available to compel these countries . 
  and i 'm not even talking about any embargo . 
  for example , the irs can forbid us banks from making transactions with companies registered in a specific country , pending some kind of vague bureaucratic review . 
  a review which they can just underfund , understaff and keep in limbo without ever actually accusing the country or the corporations of anything . 
  the massive systemic overreach of federal power set up by woodrow wilson , fdr and other globalists is fucked up , but trump can and will use that system against the globalists who set it up . 
  right , worst case scenario : trump burns down the us government along with the ecnonomy and the global market . 
  i find even that outcome to be preferable to further entrenchment of establishment corruption and being ruled by oligarchs like soros and the rothschilds from behind the scenes . 
  i highly doubt that 's going to happen , actually . 
  i 'm just pointing out that even that worst case scenario is better than wage slavery under a bunch of corrupt , entitled politicians and the oligarchs buying their loyalty with vast sums of money that none of us can ever hope to achieve in life . 
  in that era , the production of uniforms was inconsistent at best , particularly when it came to the colors . 
  i recall a blog post about a year ago , which posted pictures of something like 10 different shades of the us khaki uniform from ww2 and asked the readers to guess which shade was the official one . 
  and the correct answer was that all of the displayed uniforms had been accepted into use by the us military . 
  i 'm fairly sure the germans likewise had multiple accepted shades of the * feldgrau * , made by different textile manufacturers . 
  hmm ... looks like prosecutehillary was already taken a year ago . 
  except the majority of these total conversions require at least the legacy of rome dlc for the retinue mechanic . 
  ( unless paradox changed that to a free feature when i was n't looking ), 
  i know for certain the elder scrolls mod requires all dlc up to legacy of rome at minimum , and recommends having all dlc up to the old gods . 
  i 'm not sure if the mod still updates the minimalistic version that only requires stuff up to lor . 
  i wonder how the sr people would react to actual robot-people , like geth from mass effect . 
  also , the loa from sword of the stars . 
  a loa is basically a planet-spanning factory , all controlled by a single intelligence . 
  the lore describes the `` population '' of a loa planet is an abstraction in game mechanics , that the individual remotes are to the planetary mainframe like shoes and gloves are for regular meatbags . 
  i think realizing the nature of the loa would be enough to terrify even the gods and demigods of the sr. 
  nah , if you 're a citizen , then you have an official `` firstname.lastname_number@eesti.ee '' e-mail address . 
  mail to that address gets redirected to your `` real '' e-mail address , which you can set yourself at eesti.ee . 
  they do put in a default address themselves , based on various registration documents you make to get your id card or driver 's license or whatever . 
  it 's not just the embassy . 
  the estonian parties currently in power are fully behind this . 
  to them , the only reason for the population to resist multiculturalism is due to insufficient education and poor communication between government and the people . 
  basically , in their eyes , if the population resists , the answer is to increase media propaganda and brainwashing in schools . 
  because generally , the assumption is that `` fuck this troll for pretending it 's not a joke ! '', 
  so it 's clear then : bans on guns based on magazine size , calibre or autofire capability are all unconstitutional , unless the government declares such weapons wholly illegal to own , even for the military . 
  as far as i can tell , resistance is outside event scopes . 
  you can tweak the values of normal resistance increases in defines.lua , but there are no event-scriptable functions to * cause * resistance in a specific state . 
  not to mention resistance is hardcoded to only happen in occupied non-core territory during war . 
  if you want resistance in a core province , you 're out of luck . 
  actually , now that i think about it , you can try creating a custom unit with no movement and negative suppression and spawning it in the province you want . 
  not sure if it will work , though . 
  just a possibility . 
  huh , til . 
  got any further reading on the impact y2k had on the dot-com crash that you can point me to ? 
  10 % from spark of genius and 6 % from being a level 3 scientist . 
  the extra 10 % is definitely strange , though . 
  possibly a bug with the traits . 
  if the regular client runs fine with wine ( or any emulator ) , the hd client will run fine as well ( assuming your hardware can handle the extra graphics ) . 
  their contribution to the modern table of elements was indirect . 
  the idea of atoms and elements was one of the theories on matter proposed by greek philosophers . 
  at the time , the theory of base elements forming more complex materials lost out to another one : the theory of quintessences . 
  the idea of quintessence was basically that every material was its ' own element . 
  that you could break down a piece of stone into infinitely small pieces and they would still be stone . 
  as science progressed , quintessence theory was debunked and the alternative theory from ancient greece was reviewed and eventually proven as fact . 
  it calls itself 1.0 , but it 's really not . 
  the hoi3 black ice was n't really `` complete '' until the 4.0 versions . 
  in it 's current state , it 's playable , but it definitely needs more work . 
  still , playing as germany is still quite interesting and the ai does seem vaguely competent , if my volunteer fights in china were any indication . 
  however , as far as i can tell , the competence is merely a side-effect of major nations getting free `` historical '' unit templates by event . 
  also , army xp is kind of useless because a ) major nations get free templates and b ) most of the historical vehicles can not be upgraded . 
  on the other hand , ships are much , much more customisable than they are in vanilla . 
  only for fascist and communist ai . 
  democratic dow are wonkier and less predictable . 
  and even fascists and communists may wait a few weeks for their troops to get into position . 
  probably not in the slightest , given i do n't live in the us , but clinton 's presidency might just end with ww3 vs russia . 
  sure , trump 's comment about not protecting nato countries that do n't fulfil their 2 % military spending commitment was a bit of a scare , but my country fulfills it and by now , i 'm seeing trump 's threat has been a big motivator to our nearby neighbors to shape up before ( or from their perspective : just in case ) trump gets into office . 
  well , yes , obviously . 
  ! = = also checks for type . 
  int 0 is not a bool or a string , even if the value matches on = =, 
  although as bad as js can be , it 's still far better than php . 
  fuck that black box of automatic type casting . 
  #someone get this bot another coat !, 
  any spectacular examples of leftists triggering over this ? 
  i 'd love a good laugh . 
  at the very least , animals should take damage from trying to break down structures like that . 
  and have it balanced so that a single animal will die from the damage before they break through a stone wall . 
  steel though ... 
  honestly , i imagine steel walls as thin plates , like you 'd see in some crappy shack that 's never meant to be permanent . 
  a deer could probably break through that . 
  completely agree with most of your points , but others i do have to protest against . 
  technology in hoi4 does have complexity . 
  more complex technologies have a higher base research time . 
  literally the only difference is that it 's not displayed in the same way .
