  except the economy was very obviously in a bubble that was going to burst and the financial experts in the banks should have known that the real-estate prices were not going to grow infinitely . 
  magic is particularly significant in terms of industrial and societal development . 
  the existence of magic gimps scientific study in general . 
  as long as `` get a wizard to help '' is a valid solution to certain engineering or agricultural problems , then there 's much less need for certain medieval inventions to happen . 
  and since those inventions do n't need to happen , nobody can afford to put the effort into understanding the physics and chemistry that goes into gunpowder or better forges or mineral fertilizers . 
  trying to compare xcom 1 strategies to xcom 2 is kind of futile , though . 
  it 's not just a matter of different objectives and mission flow . 
  the class definitions themselves have been altered to be better at the guerrilla warfare style of xcom 2 than their xcom 1 equivalents would ever be . 
  the historical battle mode was doomed to failure from the start because it was still pvp teams . 
  who in their right minds would want to play in a t-34 with limited gold ammo against a tiger i ? 
  or in a pz ii against a matilda ? 
  the historical mm might have put together ( vaguely ) historically accurate teams , but it just was n't fun or rewarding to play . 
  the only way i could see historical battles working in wot is as a pve mode . 
  ah , i guess the youtubers comparing a lot would rub off on the subreddit . 
  personally , i 'm avoiding all the gameplay videos of xcom2 at this point . 
  i want to discover the cool stuff for myself . 
  i 've only seen a couple of beagle 's early-game gameplay . 
  just enough to spoil the ... evasive advent female . 
  codex , i think the unit was called ? 
  official ice roads are common enough in estonia to be mentioned specifically in the traffic laws , including the part where you 're technically not allowed to wear a seatbelt while driving on the ice road . 
  though i one of my driving instructors had the opinion the law was pretty dumb : losing control and crashing into the deep snow next to the road is apparently more likely than the car sinking through the ice . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was dungeon crawl stone soup that was mentioned , not df . 
  i 've frequently wondered what the story would turn out like if the gate appear in my country . 
  here 's an interesting tidbit : an officer 's dress uniform in my country also includes a sword . 
  duel with the prince , maybe ? 
  so explain to me , then . 
  why was it a good design choice to make all long range , hard-hitting guns useless ? 
  the role of snipers has always been taking out priority targets quickly . 
  they were already useless at clearing up mobs , so the solution for sniper loadouts was generally to take out the dangerous stuff with the sniper , then wipe up the weak mob with melee + protection ability or just attack abilities . 
  this is why nullifiers completely broke the sniper loadouts : you have to kill the nullifier in melee , but you instantly die in melee unless nullifier is dead first . 
  what level sneaky archer ? 
  because until you get to level 10 , it 's archer or sneaky . 
  you do n't have the perks/skill ranks to be good at both . 
  to be fair , dm hate toward wizards is generally a learned behavior , not something they 've always had . 
  i ca n't think of anything that spoils a game faster than a min-maxed wizard that can fill the role of any other party member and sling out fireballs on top of that . 
  as noted by others in this thread , they did n't necessarily know about the extermination camps . 
  labor camps , where the prisoners were being worked to death , were also a thing . 
  still inhuman , of course , but far easier for a wartime society to rationalize and accept . 
  especially since protesting or fighting it in some way would 've likely meant ending up in one of those camps yourself . 
  i take it you 've already read about the admission conditions and process [ here ] ( http://www.ut.ee/en/admissions/admission-medicine-english ) ? 
  if not , read it . 
  i think everything should be on that page , or among the links in the text . 
  in particular , it 's important to read the information for non-eu applicants . 
  there are also a few extra things you need to do because you 're not actually graduating until after the application deadline . 
  i do n't think it 's too unrealistic . 
  though it 's my understanding the admission competition in medicine can be pretty tough . 
  you might not get in just because there are too many candidates with better scores than you . 
  in the usa , the process for residence permits is also cutting it a bit close for the august 29th deadline . 
  but you should get everything done in time , if you apply the residence application at the embassy as soon as you get the residence invitation letter from the university . 
  nah , they just use a loophole : students have their own koran books , so the school does n't need to have them in their library , where they would be subject to audit and inspection . 
  i suspect it 's a combination of nerfs and power creep . 
  grapeshot used to be severely overpowered at the very beginning of the early acces , so it got nerfed . 
  then certain classes that were considered weak got buffed , either directly or indirectly with the inclusion of corpses and the general buff to dot mechanics . 
  ropes are n't infallible . 
  also , they only protect you from falling to the ground . 
  falling and then smashing into the wall or window of the building is still going be pretty bad . 
  estonia, 
  dragonsandman is actually at maximum opinion already ... 
  forgetting to remove the safety pin from the tip basically means the explosive charge does n't go off on impact . 
  it would still wreck a human or a car on a direct hit , but just bounce off a tank ( or the dragon ) . 
  the map for cliff you made is pretty good . 
  it could use target area indications for the arty positions , though . 
  as in , what positions will arty in the north-west corner have good shots at . 
  well , i 'm not too sure about how things would work out . 
  we have about the same amount of total personnel available as the jsdf , though less in active service and more in reserve . 
  which is crazy , considering estonian population is 1.5 million and japanese population is 129 million . 
  the capabilities of the estonian military are also far more limited than the jsdf , because less funding . 
  no air power , for one . 
  and no actual tanks , only ifvs . 
  we would have to rely on allies for that kind of thing . 
  and then politics get involved , because getting allies involved means it wo n't be possible to turn the special region into estonian territory . 
  is it actually considered `` worst game ever '' ? 
  i thought it was just `` worst hype fail ever '' . 
  you have not seen [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/3834ua/greater_laugh/ ) , then ? 
  i agree . 
  because of the glorious empire you had once , you have ended up a bit more delusional than estonia or latvia . 
  do n't forget how arafat got one . 
  for basically going `` eh , i guess i 'm kinda bored of killing jews now so i 'm going to stop . '', 
  not quite.the mainstream swedish press knew for a while and stayed silent . 
  it was n't until one of the marginal right-wing newspapers dared to publish the story , that mainstream press half-heartedly went along to keep up the illusion that they 're not applying self-censorship in regards to certain issues . 
  ... clearly , you do not have enough mods installed . 
  well-modded skyrim looks quite a bit better than fo4 . 
  and it will always looks better anything the current newest generation of consoles will ever be capable of rendering . 
  someone reported being locked into that just a few weeks before launch : no new heroes in the carriage , one hero question-marked , four heroes available ( including 1 abom and 1 vestal ) . 
  unable to progress because vestal would not join the team with abom . 
  one of the red hook employees took note of the bug and i guess they did do something to fix that . 
  religious characters being able to team up with the abomination does seem like the easiest workaround for that rare situation . 
  if all my characters were not as dear to me as they are , i might try and purposely invoke that situation . 
  but it still takes bleed and blight damage as normal . 
  sure . 
  i 've bought steel equipment from dwarven settlements as a human with money . 
  the difference here is : the taxi driver does n't go to prison if he decides not to report or come forward as a witness for whatever reason . 
  with the new bill , it people would go to jail if they do n't report cp . 
  more importantly , a good prosecutor can still put them in jail under this new bill , even if they never actually saw the cp when they handled the computer . 
  `` innocent until proven guilty '' does n't apply in real life when cp is involved . 
  it would be up to the it person being accused to prove they did n't see the cp . 
  imo , the issue of being forced to take ves or occ in the back line can be fixed by a relatively simple change : bandages used out of combat heal the hero for a moderate amount . 
  say , 25 % of the hero 's health pool . 
  it 's more than eating , but not enough that you can just keep brute-forcing past any sustained injuries and push on . 
  most likely because the specific number is variable .
