  that it does . 
  really mild boobplate , though . 
  honestly , i find all the capes and dangling cloth to be worse in terms of practicality than the boobplate . 
  here 's a [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/gk8xzrkoem8?t=56s ) that adequately explains why reverting stance on lgbt rights across the states is n't terribly likely : trump definitely supports defending lgbt minorities from the hatred of islamic radicals . 
  and he has expressed pride over republicans having progressed to the point where they cheer at such a promise . 
  it would be a pretty schizophrenic contradiction for him to actively push for the revocation of lgbt rights by christian fundies . 
  at most , trump will overturn the obergefelt decision on the topic and open the door for states to overturn their own decisions if they think it 's that important . 
  note that overturning obergefelt does n't * automatically * overturn the state-level decisions made based on its ' precedent . 
  against this , i recommend activism and open discussion in your own state , if you 're geniunely afraid the moralists in your state are going to campaign to revert lgbt rights . 
  and i do mean actual discussion , instead of accusing everyone of homophobia . 
  the conservatives need to be shown that lgbt people are just regular civilized people , not screaming lunatics in gimp suits like local christian newsletters and radio hosts like to frame the pride parades . 
  here is an [ amazing thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/comments/5c90zy/what_proposals_exist_for_the_replacement_of/ ) which explain 's trump 's plan for replacing obamacare , including sources . 
  here 's an [ amazing thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/comments/5c90zy/what_proposals_exist_for_the_replacement_of/ ) on how trump ( or rather , the congress ) is likely going to replace obamacare . 
  i 've always thought of 4d as a series of still frames depicting the same cube , like a reel of old movie tape stretched out so you can see the frames . 
  and by that extrapolation , 5d is like several reels of tape set parallel to each other . 
  with the conclave dlc , you can buy a favor from the basileus , and then use that favor to force them to accept a marriage offer despite any penalties . 
  typically , a woman in armor would bind their chest underneath the armor and if really necessary , adjust the fittings of the armor to make it fit a bit looser overall . 
  but it would never warrant an actual redesign of the metal plate itself . 
  not to mention a woman athletic enough to actually be able to wear armor as heavy as that effectively is unlikely to be particularly busty ; the intense level of physical exercise required reach and maintain combat-fitness would have the side-effect of reducing cup size . 
  problem is , voting districts are explicitly in the competence of the states . 
  removal of gerrymandering would require the party that benefits from gerrymandering in each state to remove the mechanism that ensures their safe reelections . 
  if career politicians had the ethical integrity to do that , gerrymandering would be gone already . 
  unless those cunts are being threatened with mob justice if they do n't fix it , nothing is going to change . 
  and even then : how to prevent any opposing movement from just gerrymandering in their own favor ? 
  gerrymandering is n't going to be fixed until the us moves away from the two-party model and implements true proportional voting . 
  if the winning party always needs a coalition to actually have a majority in congress or the state legislatures , then it solves most issues : if a party tries to draw election districts that favor them , then their coalition partner can shut them down and kick them into the opposition . 
  looking at the actual numbers , even with the collapse of the existing coalition , i do n't think forming a new , functional coalition will be so easy . 
  there are a lot of combinations to form a majority , especially if the conservative pragmatists of irl get a better offer from reform ( the previous coalition leader ) ; they might even back out of the negotiations . 
  hypothetically , reform , irl and the nationalist ekre could form a razor-thin , 51-50 majority . 
  or it could end with an unholy alliance of reform and centre . 
  or it could just end with a dysfunctional parliament until the next elections because reform and centre wo n't negotiate with each other and everyone else is too ideologically different to actually find any acceptable set of compromises . 
  tl ; dr very diverse coalition . 
  hard to say what kind of tax policy compromise comes out of the coalition negotiations . 
  estonian here , so i can shed some additional light on this . 
  a lot of that canadian stuff is completely off the mark for estonia . 
  first , there will be no emergency elections caused by this . 
  second , yes the estonian vote of no confidence does n't require dissent from within the ruling party . 
  i do n't think there has ever been an instance in post-soviet estonia where the elections ended up with a single party holding more than 50 % of the seats . 
  there has always been a coalition deal to form a majority . 
  what ultimately prompted this , is that the demonized pro-russian centre party elected a new party leader after the ( in ) famous and controversial [ edgar savisaar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edgar_savisaar ) conceded part-way through the in-party elections . 
  as it stands , some of the parties in parliament will simply ( attempt to ) negotiate a new coalition deal to put up a new pm and cabinet . 
  as it stands the parties negotiating are :, 
  centre ( left-leaning , pro russian , largest member , so they 'll be taking the pm seat ) ,, 
  social democrats ( far left by estonian standards , member of the previous coalition ) ,, 
  irl ( right-leaning , i think , member of the previous coalition ) . 
  the negotiations are expected to last for about a week . 
  and it 's possible they 're not going to be successful . 
  the reform party , which had been leading the coalition up until now , is not going to be in the negotiations , meaning that if the negotiations succeed then for the first time since ~ ~ 1999 ~ ~ ** 1995 ** , reform wo n't be a member of the ruling coalition . 
  a very common sentiment is that it 's a good thing reform was taken down . 
  their non-confidenced pm was considered a useless waste of space that did n't actually accomplish anything other than wasting a lot of taxpayer money on reorganizing things just for the sake of reorganizing . 
  not to mention being the leading party for nearly ten years , plus the extra years of being part of the government had undoubtedly fostered an attitude of equating the party with the state . 
  the other common sentiment is the wariness of the centre party 's russian connection , and whether or not the change in the leadership actually means a shift it their politics . 
  particular cause for concern is their supposedly `` frozen '' cooperation agreement with putin 's united russia party , the contents of which have never been revealed to the public . 
   the language thing . . they are trying to improve the capability of estonian among the russians , i think they set a law that forces the russian schools to have 60 % of their curriculum in estonian ,, 
  to elaborate on this one a bit : the education development plan put forward in the 1990s said in no uncertain terms that by 2010 , all government-funded schools should be teaching at least 60 % of their curriculum in estonia . 
  russian schools knew , or at least should have known , that they were going to have to meet this target . 
  except when the deadline dropped and they were threatened with reduced funding due to noncompliance , they started bitching and moaning like this was a complete surprise to them and a fascist attempt to discriminate against russians . 
  if you 're so russian that you refuse to learn the official language of the country you 're living in , then get the fuck back to russia and take your children with you . 
   your parliament sounds organised , mature and rational . 
  i assure , that 's just because i 've glossed over all the petty political bickering , bitter interviews from deposed reform leaders and opinion pieces by `` experts '' with big egos that are being churned out in local news . 
  even if the current negotiations succeed , i give that coalition very low odds of actually surviving until the next election . 
  and if does , it 'll probably be a death sentence for irl , as the conservative vote punishes them for making unacceptable compromises with the two left-wing parties . 
  and then we 'll get ekre , the estonian equivalent of marine le pen 's front nationale , being that much closer to being large enough to make it into a coalition . 
  it began with the refugees of the vietnam war . 
  the argument was , if we let in asians now and it was n't a big deal , why not let everyone pursue the american dream ? 
  the core idea was noble , but it failed in execution . 
  it did n't account for massive illegal immigration beyond the quotas , for one , meaning immigrants were flowing in faster than american society could integrate . 
  the final thing that ruined the system was the ideological shift from `` melting pot '' to `` multiculturalism '' . 
  pushing the ideal of multiculturalism and ignoring illegal immigration as something that could not be changed meant immigrants stopped integrating into the american society around them , willingly segregated themselves into ghettos and formed insular cultural enclaves that are now nigh-impossible to integrate . 
  estonia , where ~ 25 % the country 's entire population is russian colonists brought here in the soviet era . 
  making matters worse , they are largely concentrated into counties or districts which are 80 % russian or even more than 80 % . 
  a dominant segment of that demographic flat out refuses to integrate and demands concessions like unconditional citizenship and making russian a second official language . 
  hence my conclusion : once a non-integrated immigrant community gets large enough , they lose practical incentive to integrate into local language and culture . 
  they can just manage all their affairs without ever leaving the bubble of the immigrant community . 
  still , i acknowledge i was generalizing a bit too much . 
  there are , of course , immigrants who wish to integrate even though they could live decent lives without integrating , as well as parents who encourage their children to integrate . 
  but [ this kind of bullshit ] ( https://youtu.be/rkpxqwe2rg8?t=4m25s ) from people who should just go back to their great motherland to the east if they do n't like it here seriously pisses me off . 
  while i 'm not sure how much it overlaps with disgruntled sanders voters , it 's worth looking at the race section of the [ nyt exit polls ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html?_r=0 ), 
  whites swung only 1 % toward red , compared to the 2012 election . 
  meanwhile : black demographic went 7 % more red , hispanic 8 % more red , asian 11 % more red . 
  overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer . 
  to retreat , you actually have to press the button . 
  exactly this . 
  the only memorable message i took away from her campaign were `` vote for me because i 'm a woman ! '', 
  and `` look how terrible trump is ! '' . 
  by the logic of those messages , any woman is just as qualified to be president as clinton . 
  maybe she had more messages , but her campaign was shitty enough that i do n't remember them . 
  meanwhile , everyone has at least heard of trump 's wall and how he was going to make mexico pay for it . 
  and his promise to #draintheswamp . 
  even if the message is unrealistic , trump still actually had a policy message that was memorable . 
  that was ... rather tame for a meltdown . 
  looks like the hill shills are starting to cool down and reality is finally beginning to sink in . 
  thinking about this , though . 
  does false advertising apply , if reddit proclaims itself a platform that supports free speech and tolerance , then turns around and censors and bans views that disagree with their own stances ? 
  reeeeallly now ? 
  bad for both sides ? 
  how would it be bad for the rest of america that a bunch of delusional leftists leave the electorate and no longer need to be pandered to ? 
  well , first off : what civilian organization would this edf be accountable to ? 
  every single contributing national government ? 
  what prevents an alliance of major partners ( germany , france , italy , uk ) from just consistently overruling all protests from the rest of the block and using the edf for their own ends ?
