  here 's a relatively minor manga spoiler for you : as far as the organization is concerned , everything is working as intended . 
  these smugglers should be summarily executed after capture and trial . 
  no , it would n't even be close . 
  the swedish are gaining western territories that are already industrialized . 
  swedes can start production of advanced military equipment right away . 
  the education standards in their colonies are already on par with sweden 's own . 
  the dutch and belgians would need to spend the first 15-20 years of their prep time bringing their colonies in line with their motherland , in terms of education and industrialization . 
  if the dutch opt to just exploit indonesia for raw materials and manpower , they lose to swedish blockade and convoy raiding cutting them off from asia after the war begins , just as japan got starved of oil and steel during wwii . 
  except unlike japan vs allies , in this dutch empire vs swedish empire , there is nothing restricting sweden from starting an arms race from day 1 of the prep time . 
  sweden also has much higher industrial potential , so it 's going to win the preparation arms race no matter which way you cut it . 
  modern warfare is not about having superior manpower , it 's about force projection . 
  it 's about naval and aircraft production . 
  ultimately , the war will be decided by the initial naval engagements in the north sea and the atlantic . 
  even with `` only '' 30-35 million people , manpower is not going to become the bottleneck of swedish naval expansion . 
  sweden simply has such a significant head start in industry that it 's going not going to lose during its ' prep time . 
  sweden has norwegian oil available right there in europe , along with existing swedish metal and military industry . 
  to avoid the inevitable swedish blockade in europe , the dutch would have to spend the early years of the prep time relocating their industry to indonesia . 
  which only serves to further the gap between swedish and dutch industrial capacity . 
  the biggest issue is , the dutch have no way to decisively beat sweden . 
  even with the advantage of indonesian manpower , they ca n't outproduce swedish industry . 
  the best case scenario for the dutch and belgian empires is that they lose their territory in europe and north america , and then sweden possibly wo n't have the force projection to attack their african and asian territories , leading to a stalemate with swedish gains . 
  and if they 're not completely stupid ( or deliberately evil ) , they also wrote an event that makes immortal characters quickly recover from their incapable status . 
  much like spawns of satan quickly recover from being maimed . 
  it 's not . 
  for example : a bahraini prince was denied a meeting with clinton when she was secstate . 
  the prince donated a substantial sum of money to the clinton foundation , and a meeting was arranged not two days later . 
  he 's talking about the console version . 
  in console wot , you always get notification with delay , but taking sixth sense gives immediate notification . 
  what also helps is the more aggressive culling of useless court characters . 
  once your court is larger than 10 characters , unlanded characters that have no spouse , children or minor title just start going \\* poof \\* a few weeks after they turn 40 . 
  they do n't even die . 
  they disappear entirely as if they had never existed . 
  more seriously , the a-10 would be the perfect aircraft for the sr. 
  excellent loiter ability . 
  capable of dealing with both ground targets and dragon riders . 
  no concerns about modern aa systems in the ao . 
  it was , until they changed it so the `` engine damage '' to the transmission box element ca n't cause a fire . 
  which means you can no longer set german tanks on fire by penning their lower glacis . 
  hey arumba , is this ever going to be compiled into a convenient playlist , like your other series ? 
  i agree that all these places are not going to be fixed the same way , but i also do n't think it 's exclusively the president 's job to micromanage the country and provide individual solutions for specific communities . 
  the president needs to establish a policy framework that allows communities to create their own solutions to their own problems around those policies . 
  dictating complete solutions from washington is never going to actually solve anything . 
  and in my opinion , donald trump is offering a comprehensive set of policies that will enable the variety of troubled communities to do just that . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm fairly certain my tiger i and ii are being set on fire less often since the patch , but it could just be confirmation bias . 
  the biggest difference requiem makes is the deleveling . 
  the idea that each dungeon has its ' own set difficulty . 
  that if a dungeon is too hard for you , then the solution is to leave and come back to it when you 've grown stronger . 
  that sometimes you have to be patient and level up your skills through training or easier enemies , instead of just knowing that the difficulty level of the world scales up at the same rate as your own strength . 
  as for requiem slowing down leveling : it does n't , at least not directly . 
  there are enemies that just stomp you if you are n't ready to face them , which means you have to seek out easier targets to train up your skills . 
  in turn , this means more downtime between level-appropriate fights , meaning slower leveling . 
   confederate party congressman, 
  you mean a democrat ? 
  nah , the problem is , hoi4 does n't support having the provinces of a single state being split between multiple countries in peacetime . 
  the various complainers would have an aneurysm if the belarus territory had bits of russia , or if russia had bits of belarus . 
  and those same whiners are the main reason belarus , ukraine et al are being added as releasable nations in the first place . 
  welcome to the democrat mindset : they think minorities of every kind are beneath them and should be grateful for the scraps they throw at you . 
  to quote democrat president lyndon b. johnson from 1963 : * `` these negroes , they 're getting pretty uppity these days and that 's a problem for us since they 've got something now they never had before , the political pull to back up their uppityness . 
  now we 've got to do something about this , we 've got to give them a little something , just enough to quiet them down , not enough to make a difference ... 
  i 'll have them niggers voting democratic for the next two hundred years '' *, 
  this is the same they expected to happen with the lgbt community . 
  that because they graciously gave you gay marriage , the lgtb minority now owes it to the democrats to vote for them in future elections for decades to come . 
   and capture the balkan states, 
  you are almost certainly talking about the baltic states . 
  if we leave aside the nuclear capabilities , russia 's position is analogous to japan 's , when it attacked pearl harbor in ' 41 . 
  russian financial reserves are dwindling due to the extremely low oil prices . 
  they have to do something , and it seems their only option is going to war somewhere . 
  as far as the russian navy goes ... it 's really more of a paper tiger than anything . 
  their only aircraft carrier , the admiral kuznetsov is an exceptionally unreliable piece of equipment that it needs to be escorted by a towing ship whenever it deploys , because its ' engines and electrical systems break down so often . 
  even at the height of the cold war , the russians admitted that their navy was decidedly inferior to that of the usa . 
  their focus was on ssbn-subs and short-range missile and asw ships , intended to keep american ships away from their own coasts . 
  they have never been able to compete with the naval force projection of nato . 
  their real trump card has always been their large , well-equipped army , particularly the tank army . 
  the best case scenario for russia is that the usa is unable to get involved from the very start . 
  russia seizes european territory up to the polish-german border in the first three or four months of the campaign . 
  if they 're exceedingly lucky , they might even manage to seize the bosporous and cut off turkey from the rest of nato . 
  and then the supply chains will be stretched too long to keep the russian offensive going . 
  between the ukraine , poland and the baltics , the russians are looking at roughly twice the land area of afghanistan worth of partisan resistance . 
  while i 'm not too knowledgable of other nato countries , i know for certain that the militaries of the baltic nations are focused on two capabilities : providing the logistics for nato formations and turning themselves into well-organized guerilla resistance groups in the event of russian occupation . 
  i recall a paperback interview a few years ago , where an estonian officer who had served in afghanistan explained how they were implementing the afghanistan lessons into estonian guerilla resistance doctrine . 
  and by that point , even just the economies of the uk , france and germany have switched to high gear , allowing them to outproduce russia in every aspect of military industry and push russia back to its ' own borders . 
  they will likely stop there , to avoid the whole thing going nuclear . 
  there are a lot of scary policies that a government can adopt in wartime that would be political suicide in peacetime . 
  france , for instance , has long had issues with workers ' strikes . 
  in wartime , they can feasibly suspend the right to go on strike , either flat out or just in strategic industries . 
  if there is an external enemy , a police state to keep order in the rear areas is often seen as perfectly acceptable . 
  it 's actually noted , how dragons do have a significant maneuverability advantage over both helicopters and fixed wing aircraft , on account of being living creatures able to shift their mass in flight . 
  meh , the e75 is slightly more forgiving in terms of tactics , since it has actual armor in the front . 
  i suspect he 'd call op a cheater for flanking him . 
  mostly , he 's just made it more detailed . 
  the main part where he 's softened his stance , is that he 's backed away from mass-deporting illegal mexican immigrants . 
  instead , he intends to use the money mexican illegals send back to mexico to leverage mexico into paying for the wall . 
  it 's estimated illegal immigrants send $ 29 billion ( i think it was billion ) back to mexico each year via western union and other money transfer services . 
  trump 's plan is to compel these money transfer services to demand proof of citizenship from their clients in order to use the service , unless mexico pays the one-time costs ( ~ $ 17 billion , iirc ) of building up the border perimeter . 
  iirc , it was in one of the recent leaks from either the dnc or clinton 's private server . 
  sure , he would n't stop all of it , and the illegals would eventually find new ways around it . 
  but in the short-term , if his plan costs mexico more money than paying for the wall , then it 's entirely possible mexico will cave and pay for the wall . 
  because the alternative is having problems with an even larger part of its ' population descending into poverty , because they 've suddenly stopped getting money from relatives in the us . 
  essentially , the money being sent to mexican relatives from the us is welfare money for mexicans , which the mexican government does n't have to pay for .
