  prepare for war with russia . 
  because that 's what clinton needs to distract the population from all her corruption and investigations into her corruption . 
  you mean the same top economists that not only utterly failed to predict the 2008 financial crisis , but also actively ridiculed economists that were predicting it ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , economists are no more reliable than horoscope writers . 
  either they 're completely off the mark , or their bullshit is so utterly vague that they ca n't be wrong . 
  it 's some kind of paste that 's supposed to somehow increase habitability ratings of your population . 
  in my experience , it does seem to work without side-effects . 
  i think they 're just legally obligated to list things that happened when someone was using their paste , even if no causation between the events and their product were never proven . 
  it 's mostly because qb has the audacity to question the meta theories of snob-tier unicums on the wg forums . 
  and by ` question ' , i do n't mean `` disagree '' necessarily , the wrongthink qb is guilty of is just making his own analysis and not blindly accepting everything coming out of the snobs ' mouths as an undeniable gospel of truth , even if he ends up agreeing with them most of the time . 
  wait , really ? 
  you get a free dragon soul from activating the tomb itself before/after taking the horn ? 
  is this a requiem thing , or has that been there since vanilla ? 
  probably lured skeletons/draugr to activate the gates for her . 
  also , the deep levels of the messed up rabbit hole that is tes lore are not what you 'd expect . 
  it is literally a video game , with video game physics . 
  the bandits and draugr respawning in camps after 30 days is n't an abstraction of `` new band of bandits moves in '' or `` draugr from unopenable coffins replace the ones you killed '' : they literally respawn . 
  calipers disappeared from existence in between oblivion and skyrim and ma'iq even notes this in his dialogue . 
  edit : and more critically : vivec is aware of the player 's ability to `` cut holes in time '' while looking into the inventory . 
  it 's a fairly obscure in-universe concept in tes lore . 
  some books written by vivec refer to it , as does mankar camoran and his * commentaries * books in oblivion . 
  it is a certain state-of-mind , and it 's implied that `` achieveing chim '' is an npc realizing that tes is a video game and they are a character in it . 
  chim as a concept is never definitively explained , and is open to a certain degree of player interpretation . 
  `` neo realizing he 's the one '' is a rather good analogy , i think . 
  in the case of the tes games : chim can be seen as your character realizing they are a video game avatar controlled by a player ; that your will and their will are the one and the same . 
  which basically means the in-game player character literally becomes and avatar of you , the player . 
  in turn , this means your character becomes a god , capable of altering the universe however they see fit if they want to ( whether by using console commands , or by modding the shit out of the game ) . 
  however , that is only one interpretation . 
  another is that only vivec and talos actually achieved chim and realized the nature of the video game world they live in . 
  the most easily understood proof that vivec achieved chim is the way he noticed that the player is capable of `` cutting holes in time '' , i.e : pausing the game as they look through their inventory/magic screen . 
  still want to , but after i put together a business plan and did some financial projection , i realized i was actually going to need the $ 2500 of starting capital to pay the salaries of at least two other developers to help with the production . 
  in fact , the realistic ( i.e , pessimistic ) projection showed i would need almost three times the required minimum to finish the game . 
  producing something out of near-zero capital is very much a challenge . 
  it works well enough . 
  you 'll be able to unlock adept locks sooner than with lockpicking , but it takes longer to be able to unlock expert and master locks . 
  you also need to keep a lot of quicksilver ore in your inventory early-on , which can be annoying since mages typically end up with less carry capacity ( less points in health and stamina ) than thieves or fighters . 
  he sends it to cull the triple chins . 
  not because of the weaboo mods . 
   whereas if hillary outperformed in the polls i would have no idea how . 
  if hillary outperforms the polls by any significant margin , it 'll be due to voter fraud . 
  i do n't see any other options there . 
  [ are they now ? 
  ] ( http://joeforamerica.com/2016/11/breaking-florida-election-employees-caught-faking-1000s-of-stolen-absentee-ballots-in-massive-voter-fraud-scheme/ ), 
  look , the polls shown to us by the media are already repeatedly proven to be oversampling democrats by a significant margin . 
  they are extremely optimistic for hillary 's campaign and i do n't see her further outperforming what are already naively optimistic forecasts . 
  legitimate clinton victory is possible , but a landslide that surpasses the wishful thinking of left-biased pollsters is impossible unless they rig the process , like how dems [ got caught ] ( http://joeforamerica.com/2016/11/breaking-florida-election-employees-caught-faking-1000s-of-stolen-absentee-ballots-in-massive-voter-fraud-scheme/ ) doing just that in florida . 
  bad media attention is not as terrible as you 'd think . 
  clinton herself has enough publicized skeletons that negative media attention for trump is more likely to discourage people from voting at all than it is to mobilize them to vote against trump . 
  in the upcoming system , can we hope to convert populations of conquered planets to our own ethics in a timeframe that is something slightly less absurd than 100 + years ? 
  nope , running fanatic materialist/militarist . 
  still takes forever to teach silly spiritualists to stop believing in their nonsense . 
  even when i run every + happiness and - divergence planetary and empire edict available to me . 
  r/redacted is as much an echo chamber as r/the _ donald , except they pretend at neutrality . 
  if you 're wondering why i censored the name of the subreddit , it 's because the admins have warned trump subreddits specifically to stop linking to that one subreddit because `` brigading '' . 
  hmm ... some issues to point out :, 
  space marines can hold their breath for three hours . 
  which means the dm probably wo n't let bag/choke grenade combo work . 
  the gas will dissipate before they accrue eight failures . 
  loopy or depressed from obscura is detrimental to interrogation . 
  not to mention astartes have resistance to poisons . 
  the gm may well force you to use horde rules for your mass of poor people , instead of letting you surround the astartes with ten individuals . 
  the deathwatch book has a lot of rules for space marines , naturally . 
  that 's also where the rules for horde-type enemies are . 
  having a primary religious title also increases ai_zeal , along with having a religious head title . 
  which typically does n't matter since usually only barony-level characters have a primary religious title and they never convert ( because they have no court ) . 
  there is no trigger = { } block in there , and since it 's is_triggered_only = yes , it wo n't default to any mtth triggering . 
  hmm ... 
  checking the rules , i see i was mistaken . 
  probably remembering some piece of fluff from outside the rulebooks . 
  unsurprising , given how inconsistent various `` canon '' sources are regarding space marine abilities . 
  at any rate : multi-lung benefits on page 36 of the deathwatch core rulebook . 
  rerolls on tests against drowning and asphyxiation . 
  +30 on toughness tests against gases , plus a reroll on all failed tests against gases . 
  can breathe in water without drowning . 
  further complication for interrogation : sus-an membrane . 
  a space marine can , with 1d5 rounds of meditation , enter a suspended state in which their wounds will not deteriorate or heal . 
  requires a time-consuming ( -20 ) medicae test to bring them out of it . 
  basically means the space marine ca n't be left alone even for a single minute , or they 'll be able to render themselves unconscious to hinder interrogation . 
  we 're not the rest of your team . 
  tell us about those ideas you have . 
  are you a high-energy bot or something ? 
  i 've seen this exact post on a lot of the_donald threads . 
  well , the explosive-heavy solution needs to be carried out quickly and with excellent timing and coordination . 
  with all the arbites in the precinct nearby . 
  sabotage of defensive structures = heretical rebels , so it 's a given the arbites get involved on their own initiative , rather than wait for the local law enforcement to invite them . 
  in any case , you definitely need to find out more about the vault itself before you try and grab it . 
  getting ahold of the owner is one solution . 
  another is trying to get the blueprints and floor plans of the place from a third party . 
  the administratum keeps records on everything . 
  since there are defensive structures like aa guns nearby , the deparmendo munitorum might have floor plans that include pre-made military planning notes that include good defensive positions and ways to storm the place if rebels or heretics or something take over . 
  since this is a data vault with cogitators , the mechanicus probably has something useful in their own records . 
  with your party composition , you might be able to bluff your way into the archives of some of these places . 
  no , he did n't . 
  he managed to salvage something from the horus heresy and prevent the imperium from collapsing outright immediately after he was mortally wounded . 
  the emperor was also wrong in a lot of his assumptions about the warp , meaning he never had any chance of getting what he originally wanted . 
  as it stands , the imperium has just decayed slowly , staving away total destruction by sacrificing countless irreplaceable relics and capital ships in a long series of defiant battles and heroic last stands . 
  eventually , unless something significant changes , the imperium is just going to run out of these resources to sacrifice and it will then be overrun by chaos or the tyranids or the orks . 
  the major problem the imperium faces is that it needs to win or at least draw every campaign against its ' major threats , while those major threats only need a single major victory before the imperium 's house of cards starts collapsing . 
  this endless war of heroic but ultimately futile resistance is definitely not an outcome the emperor could have wanted . 
  with the warp being as colossally fucked up as it is , the emperor transcending in this way would not be a good thing for humanity or the imperium .
