  i 'd suggest having both an income-scaled fine and community service as options for a sentence , and have the actual sentence negotiated in court . 
  basically , give a person the ability to influence the decision of their sentence based on what they believe they will have an easier time handling in their life at the time . 
  of course , this has the problem of creating a lot more bureaucratic overhead ( which taxpayers need to pay for ) than a police officer handing out an arbitrary fine on the spot . 
  i got the bonus question ( mars amto/gravity conditions ) answered in steam chat by a friend of mine . 
  assuming a projectile of ~ 250 grams , the muzzle velocity would need to be somewhere around 720m/s to reach 8km from the ground ( of mars ) . 
  i did n't understand all the math behind it , though , so i do n't know how he arrived at the numbers . 
  only time i 've used that was in the army during a field exercise in february . 
  when it 's -30 c and below , having an alternative to partial undressing is a godsend . 
  see the sidebar :, 
   important : all articles posted on this site are biased and may in fact be propaganda . 
  a map feature would be nice , though i 've found marking stuff with torches is rather immersive . 
  single torches to line out the path to the surface . 
  if i fully explore a dead end , i backtrack , reclaim my torches and mark the direction with a double torch when i reach the main path again . 
  my dad showing me how to connect to an ftp ( i think ) site with total commander ... in windows 3.11 . 
  iirc , the site was `` cdrom.com '' , and i only remember it because the way it rhymed made me giggle . 
  hard to imagine i was so easily amused at some point in my life . 
  looking at a ( possibly outdated ) tech tree picture , it 's not just capturing an ethereal you need . 
  the ` alien command and control ' research project required to actually build the gollop chamber requires you to mind-control an ethereal . 
  although , i 've never managed to get far enough myself to shoot down the overseer . 
  not citizenship . 
  e-residency . 
  the important distinction being that ` e-residency ' gives you an estonian digital identity , but without the additional perks and obligations that come with full citizenship such as voting in elections or paying personal income tax in estonia . 
  entirely possible was just misinterpreting the image , then . 
  that `` mind control ethereal '' label was in a somewhat ambiguous location on the image i have . 
   why reverse 70 years of enlightenment our grandparents and great grandparents died for . 
  because if we do n't reverse some of it on our own terms now , we might be looking at a russian despot reversing it for us on his terms before his time eventually comes . 
  sure , that ` enlightenment ' might not be reversed in germany or france , but throwing eastern europe under the bus for the sake of continued peace ignores the hard-earned lessons of our grandparents as much as going to war does . 
  personally , i found that japan 's * ghost in the machine * strikes a good balance . 
  two free shivs for a starting advantage and a permanent +10 aim for those two , as well as the more advanced shivs i 'll build in the future . 
  sounds good , but only if you have a playstyle that results in money problems . 
  my base-building is typically restricted by power and equipment/vehicle building is restricted by alloys or meld . 
  and my interceptors are always being repaired because i 'm so focused on defending my sats so i do n't have to replace them . 
  hmm ... sounds like erdo\u011fan , president of turkey , acting up over the remembrance of the armenian genocide . 
  edit : wow . 
  \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 really ? 
  edit 2 : removed spoiler . 
  depending on the layout of the room , it 's even possible that beams of light like that are getting through becase the blinds are n't wide enough . 
  that 's a problem that needs to be solved with blankets . 
  if you try that in a small room and a hot climate , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  if we go by the lands brits have invaded belonging to modern-day countries , then that chart is still inaccurate . 
  or at least the title is . 
  the british have never * invaded * the baltics , they came in as foreign allies with the permission of the newly-formed countries during the russian civil war intervention . 
  definitely depends on where you live . 
  pretty sure locks like this are the norm in my country , at least for private houses . 
  i 've only seen the other kinds of locks in apartment buildings . 
  if you really are that desperate to get out , there 's always windows . 
  the average room door should hold fire long enough to find the key and open the door . 
  definitely long enough to safely break/open a window and get out . 
  ianal , but as far as i understand how tax crime works , not filing or filing fraudulent returns is not a crime . 
  the crime is not obeying the irs when they find out and start demanding stuff ( money and non-fraudulent returns ) from you . 
  which basically means the statute of limitations only begins once the irs finds out you 've cheated on your taxes . 
  and even then , there 's still no statue of limitations on it . 
  today , this is true , given that it 's not the actual piece itself that makes something art , but rather the complete bs the artist makes up about symbolism of the random blobs of paint they throw on the canvas . 
  but back then , art schools were as snobby and prestigious as the top stem schools can be today . 
  wow . 
  curonia actually exists . 
  also : eesti big !, 
  well done on this , op . 
  more realistic , maybe , but frustrating as hell , since quests are generally designed with the assumption that the necessary npcs do n't die unless the pc kills them . 
  as ogerboss just said : too much trouble with broken questlines because of npc randomly dying . 
  changing that would probably mean having to rebalance *** every single quest dungeon and npc *** to give them better-than-even odds to survive the dungeon you 're supposed to escort them through . 
  and that 's not even going into radiant escort quests ala companions . 
  i never mentioned pollock , but since you brought him up [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://youtu.be/lni07egoefc?t=2m51s ) . 
  that , or some self-taught gunsmith has rebarreled it for modern ammo . 
  solution : install a second disk and have shadowplay write to that . 
  the weirdos are just crawling out the woodwork to defend their belief that it 's not completely wrong , even if it is unprofessional . 
  knocking the key against a door opens a portal into a small room covered with arcane markings and glyphs . 
  a portal shaped diagram is clearly visible on the far side . 
  through touching various glyphs in the room , it 's possible to active the portal on the far wall and have it lead out to any door within 10 km ( or some other arbitrary maximum range ) . 
  edit : ah , and to prevent abuse : both the entry and exit portals close a few seconds after the key passes through them . 
  in addition , only one of the portals can be open at a time . 
  so once you 've entered the room , you 're committed to having to calibrate the second portal . 
  and if you enter without the key and open the second portal , you 're committed to going through the exit portal without a way back to the room . 
  it 's mainly useful for people who want to do business in estonia without actually living in estonia . 
  it provides a personal id card which can be used to authenticate yourself online , and to create digitally signed documents . 
  estonian businesses and government organizations are required to accept both the authentication and the d-signed documents ; as proof of your identity and the documents as legitimate , respectively . 
  the only notable exception is that banks require you to be physically present when creating an account . 
  this is because of some legislation requires that as an anti-money-laundering measure . 
  i vaguely remember researching this for the purposes of writing/running a claymore rpg campaign . 
  nothing was ever explicitly stated , but it was implied the aging stops when they reach `` full yoki potential/maturity '' . 
  riful reached that potential extremely early , hence why her human form was so young . 
  i may be misremembering , but i think it was also implied at some point in the manga that warriors do n't receive a number/symbol until they reach that full potential . 
  edit : and yes , the `` full yoki potential '' thing is inconsistent with things like clare becoming more powerful over the course of the series , as well as priscilla being expected to surpass teresa . 
  my personal headcanon is that the org . 
  measures `` yoki maturity '' by whether or not the claymore has stopped aging . 
  no , as far as i know , there are no tax benefits . 
  as an private citizen , you still retain any existing citizenship and follow their tax laws on personal income . 
  any business entity you create in estonia follows the same rules as any other business in estonia would ( which may or may not be more lenient that the rules in other jurisdictions ) . 
  the main benefit of the e-residency is that without it , you will need to hire a local lawyer and give them full authority to represent you if you ca n't be in estonia physically to represent yourself . 
  with e-residency , you can represent yourself in estonia remotely , through digitally signed documents . 
  mind you , i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . 
  it 's only less blobby because the rest of the tengri byzantine is n't shown . 
  yes , the various status effect resistances and trap disarm/scout ability increase based on level . 
  also , stress resistance is based on the character 's level relative to the dungeon 's level . 
  exactly . 
  i would n't mind having to grind for the stuff in principle , if i was getting tangibly closer to my goals with each grind mission . 
  but what we have now is grinding until rng decides you 're allowed to make progress by getting the exact right key that you needed . 
  and then we have to pray that rng does n't decide to make that progress meaningless by having you waste a key on parts you do n't want . 
   you mean the people who are likely to get sued pool their resources to hire a lawyer ? 
  why is this a problem ?
