  go on low level dark runs . 
  bring no torches and squelch torch immediately ( ctrl + shift + click on light level ) . 
  do bring curio items appropriate to the dungeon you 're in . 
  when you inventory starts getting full , dump heirlooms first , then unused dungeon items , then treasures that have less value per stack than what you stand to gain . 
  this , exactly . 
  but to give him credit , he does understand how the russian mind works . 
  every time russia has been defeated in war , or run out of enemies they can wage war against , they 've collapsed in some way . 
  any russian leader needs an enemy to blame all the country 's problems on , because otherwise they 'll be overthrown . 
  this sounds like it would be an amazing balance change . 
  past a certain point , damage increase stops , but enemies continue scale to be more resilient . 
  enemies do get more challenging as levels scale up , but never to the point that you 're no longer allowed to slip up and make mistakes . 
  it used to work like this in the beta , actually . 
  turn was lost if an afflicted hero refused the heal . 
  i 'm guessing the camp behavior is just a holdover from that . 
  no , the allies did not make hitler do the holocaust . 
  but it was the allies ' deliberate mistreatment and humiliation of germany that allowed hitler to come into power in germany in the first place . 
  even if you 're using a newer game system , the star wars saga system did the whole `` starship crew '' thing pretty well . 
  though the rules mostly focused on small ships a la millenium falcon , the main difference with larger ships was that instead of an officer getting physical in person , they have minions to order around and instruct . 
  in particular , the * starships of the galaxy * and * galaxy at war * rulebooks had absolutely amazing rules and suggestions for how to gm a campaign centered around a starship and a party that 's bound to a larger organization , respectively . 
  if you 're not familiar with those books , i recommend you check them out for ideas , if nothing else . 
  the pdfs must be available somewhere on the interwebs , since these are not core rules . 
  except they would not be pressed by dwindling oil reserves and the urgency to obtain more . 
  they would have all the time they needed to be strategically prepared . 
   maus is the maus . 
  you knew why you were getting it . 
  for the mad hp and armor that was unrivaled . 
  and now that you have it , enjoy tier 10 mediums melting through the front of that unrivaled armor without any difficulty while you bounce off their turrets . 
  the kv-1 and old kv1s ( what is now kv-85 ) . 
  and to a lesser extent , the kv-2 . 
  the monsters that reliably oneshot pzivs and stugs , and reload too fast to be overwhelmed while they reload . 
  it always puts a smile on my face when i can tear apart one of those three in my tiger i. 
  if op is ukrainian , like his flair suggests , then it could just be a language barrier . 
  damn you anglos and your derpy , inconsistent pronounciation/spelling rules . 
   dunno , i 'm discovering many viable routes on them that people seem to overlook . 
  i ` me not sure that 's entirely true . 
  these alternate viable routes are hardly ever consistent . 
  sure , you might get lucky and end up getting the sides or rear of a group of enemy tanks while they 're busy playing peekaboo with your team 's heavies . 
  or you stumble into a campfest , get focused before you can pull back , and your own heavies continue to camp their side , patiently waiting for the reds to initiate the peekaboo game . 
  the only real advantage of eagle eye , is seeing if the enemy has a damaged ammo rack or loader , so you 'd know if they take a long time to reload . 
  or to know if you could potentially ammorack them . 
  the point is , in russia it does n't even matter if you do n't register . 
  people who are rich and connected enough , can get the cop that reported them fired . 
  and they can get prosecutors who are willing to seriously pursue a case against them fired or at least demoted . 
  so as a result , cops do n't pull over the rich and prosecutors purposely sabotage their own cases against the rich in russia . 
  rule of law is only applied against the plebs there . 
  this is entirely wrong . 
  stalin and hitler signed a pact dividing up poland ( and the rest of eastern europe ) well before the invasion . 
  what 's more , germany was barred from certain types of military research thanks to versailles conditions , including development of tanks . 
  the soviets helped them get around the restrictions by letting german design teams work in the soviet union to hide the research until the versailles treaty was dead enough they could do it in germany . 
  germany would not have had the technological edge to blitz through poland and france without soviet cooperation . 
  and hitler would not have been stupid enough to start wwii without having that advantage in the beginning . 
  the biggest issue of the ferdinand is those massive frontal weakspots that are nigh-impossible to hide . 
  any player who knows where to shoot can easily kill the ferdi while it reloads . 
  and it 's armor is n't quite good enough that it could effecively angle itself against heat spam . 
  you are wrong , and you 're building your own strawman out of what i 've said , and even things i have n't said . 
  i never said the ussr or stalin started ww2 alone . 
  hitler and stalin are equally to blame . 
  without the non-aggression pact and the division of eastern europe into spheres , hitler would not have gone to war , because the immediate risk of a war on two fronts . 
  hitler would not have started ww 2 if stalin had not enabled him to do so . 
  it 's also worth noting that the soviets were planning to invade europe in the name of spreading communist ideology ever since stalin took over leadership of the ussr . 
  plenty of documents exist to prove the ussr was planning to start their invasion of europe in 1942 . 
  which soviet apologists always dismiss as fake because it does n't fit their delusional narrative of the soviet union being an innocent victim of fascist aggression . 
  except it 's much smaller than a destroyer . 
  a bb could be 200m away from it and still miss . 
  the point is , for christians , the term `` god '' carries certain theological implications that muslim `` god '' does not . 
  the issue essentially boils down to muslims denying the divinity of christ . 
  christians believe christ to be an aspect of god . 
  muslims believe christ to be a prophet of god . 
  for a christian to say muslim `` allah '' is the same as christian `` god '' , would be to deny the divinity of christ . 
  a renunciation of the single most important tenet the christian faith , similar to a muslim denying mohammad was the prophet . 
  thus christians make a distinction between `` allah '' and `` god '' . 
  you 're entirely getting this wrong . 
  that saving hand is not conditional on any pledges . 
  life , in its ' entirety , is the process of getting pulled up from that ledge by that saving hand . 
  at any point , we can still mess up . 
  our hand can slip by accident . 
  or we can choose to let go for whatever reason . 
  because we think the fall is n't going to be that bad or because we 're angry at the guy offering us the hand . 
  and yet as long as we 're still alive , we have time to reach out and grab that hand again . 
  as for spending an eternity worshipping them , think of it like this : the fact of our existence in paradise is praise to the one that saved us . 
  everyone in paradise will know that the only way to be there , is if you accepted the help of that one guy who was offering the saving hand to everyone . 
  is that really how they 're explaining it ? 
  i thought it 's supposed to absorb em noise inside the computer , to prevent it from interfering with the transmission of video signal . 
  still snake oil , of course . 
  just saying i thought the justification for it was less obviously bs . 
  getting my side armor overmatched by invisible tds when side-scraping in my tigers . 
  i 'm aware of this risk . 
  but sidescraping is the only way the tigers , especially the tiger ii , can bounce any ht or td guns at their own tier and up . 
  angling the front in the open with a tiger is ... pretty much futile . 
  to make the enemy guns bounce off the front , you need to angle it to the point they can just shoot in the side . 
  after taking a look at the replay of the ensk game that inspired my complaint and looking at the specific ricochet angles in tanks.gg , i have to admit you 're right . 
  my turret was positioned wrong . 
  the turret side was exposed and just barely flat enough that the t95 's rounds did n't ricochet off . 
  and effective 170mm might as well be paper at that tier . 
  it 's probably the same reason each time , and a doctor might know how to fix it . 
  here 's a [ better reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tflfd8gs1hy&amp;user=koubitz ) to be afraid of water in skyrim . 
  hah , you wish . 
  the bureaucratic entrenchment is much too strong for mere mortals like elected representatives to be able to overcome them . 
  the meanest part was how quickly it closed again . 
  ca n't even get out with anti-grav bubble and grappling hook .
