  unlike the historical cold war , this would not have been an ideological conflict between drastically different worldviews , but rather between the irreconcilable imperialistic ambitions of two ideologically similar regimes , analogous to the sino-soviet split of the 1960s . 
  during the war , it was most certainly not the case of germany `` using '' japan to their own benefit . 
  japan 's resource shortages would have forced it to war with the usa and the british empire regardless . 
  they both had a mutual interest in dismantling the global empires of other european regimes , britain being the greatest of these . 
  in ww1 , germany had been stripped of what little it had as a colonial empire and sought to claim its ' own resource colonies ; meanwhile japan was coming into its ' own as an industrial nation and wanted not only the resources of china and south-east asia , but also to deny the region 's naval bases to european powers and thus secure its ' position as the region 's dominant colonial power . 
  both germany and japan knew their goals would bring them to conflict with the british empire ( among others ) , so they allied together for the war because they had mutual enemies . 
  not that hard to miss . 
  using the vanilla slash from the action bar prevents waypoints . 
  so you 'd have to be using the pixel-hunt-to-select-direction method to do this . 
  and how often do you need to use waypoints when sprinting into melee , anyway ? 
  usually , it 's more about making sure you end your movement in the correct tile . 
  probably because the majority of voters will only vote democrat , and the party 's got her back , so she never has to run against another dem . 
  was greeted with a nobel prize for peace and then proceeded to be at war dropping bombs on the me every single day of his entire two terms , so make of that what you will . 
  obama 's spectacular failure in the middle east is a result of indecisive policy . 
  he could 've gone all-in on diplomatic solutions , or gone all-in on the military solutions . 
  when he spoke about lines that must n't be crossed , no decisive action followed when those lines were crossed . 
  while he spoke about the need for peaceful negotiation , he continued to bomb the region and arm rebel groups . 
  the middle east needs to be either bombed into a parking lot or left alone and quarantined until it sorts out its ' own issues . 
  constant indecisive prodding just results in making the mess worse . 
  which , as far as i can tell , is the left 's entire plan : have a perpetual crisis that continuously generates refugees for them to welcome and demonstrate how virtuous and compassionate they are . 
  that 's currently one of the big puzzles of pi . 
  we do n't know for sure if its ' digits are random or not . 
  nobody has conclusively proven a pattern , of course , but nobody 's conclusively disproven the possibility it either . 
  and nobody has proven if some numbers are more likely than other . 
  the main difficulty of generating a random number from the digits of pi , however , is that you first need a random seed to pick a `` random '' digit of pi . 
  hmm ... better wording maybe : is pi a finite fraction in something other than base 10 . 
  and no , it 's probably not , unless someone actually discovers it has repetitions . 
  that 's one of the reasons pi is such an unusual numbers . 
  i 've been a supporter of pres. 
  trump for a long while , and while i do n't agree with everything he does , i sure as hell do n't want someone that the insanity of his rabid detractors elected into power anywhere near the nuclear buttons . 
  crossing american borders is not a right of foreigners . 
  it is a privilege extended to them that the government appointed by the american people can revoke at any time . 
  only citizens have a right to cross a country 's border that may not be denied without due process . 
  the same with gun ownership : it is a constitutional right of citizens that may not be denied without due process review of the individual case . 
  a blanket ban on people with mental illness is denying them due process of an individual case review . 
  a court can decide , after due process review , that john doe , veteran suffering from ptsd should not be allowed to handle guns and issue the relevant court order . 
  likewise , a court can review the case of jane doe , a woman who became muslim and then left to join isis in the middle-east , should not be allowed entry to the us despite being an american citizen ( or more likely , that she should be detained and imprisoned upon return ) . 
  in both cases , the decision is targeted at a single individual , and the court order does not extend to all muslims or all ptsd-suffering veterans . 
  these restrictions and individually targeted order are acceptable . 
  blanket bans restricting constitutional right are not . 
  the onus must always be on the government to prove that it is justified to restrict the constitutional rights of specific individuals , not on the citizen to prove that they are `` deserving '' of those rights . 
  group profiling and identity politics have no place in the courtroom , even if profiling itself is a valid strategy in investigation and crime-prevention . 
  there are different severities of mental illness and it 's entirely possible one person is responsible and stable enough to handle gun ownership while another is not , despite both having the same diagnosis . 
  just as it is possible that one muslim citizen is a contributing member of society and another is a radical terrorist that must be denied return . 
  it can be penned from the front by equal-tier tanks , let alone the t9 and t10 tanks it gets matched against . 
  with that lack of mobility and its ' huge size , armor is the only thing it has . 
  it 's a one-trick-pony that 's been left in the dust by power creep . 
  the t28 definitely needs a buff to be competitive , and the speed buff currently shown on the test server is not what it needs . 
  giving it siege mode with an accompanied accuracy and rof boost would work , i think . 
  a pen buff that lets it pen enemy tanks at long range would work as well . 
  i 'm glad to see someone else on here that realizes international tensions are a two-way thing . 
  the usa or even its ' political `` elite '' are not the only ones who have internal reasons to go to war . 
  russia , china , any dictatorship , really , has reasons to demonstrate military strength in order to quell internal dissent . 
  unlike america , those countries still run on patriotism , and a war would rally the population around that patriotism , instead of bringing out protesters calling soldiers `` baby killers '' or some shit , like what happened with every us war since vietnam . 
  source : live next to russia and hear the shit they make up about my country to justify their hostility against us to their people . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's fair to say the story was `` rewritten '' . 
  considering how bland the story was in early access , i 'd say it was probably planned from the get go to have a placeholder story in ea , and a `` true '' story on release . 
  so that everyone could start exploring on reasonably even footing on launch , rather than ea participants having spoiled most of the story before release . 
  estonian here , and yes , i definitely do . 
  while i have nothing against the russian people ( expect possibly the denial of soviet war crimes in ww2 ) , the russian government 's continued refusal to recognize the baltics as the restoration of the pre-soviet interwar republic is chilling . 
  the attitude i see from russian propaganda regarding my country is pretty clear-cut to me : to the russian rulers , we are not `` real '' countries worthy of respect and our independence is a temporary anomaly to be `` corrected '' . 
  as for the us presence : it was our choice to invite them here , and it took considerable effort from the baltic states to lobby and convince nato countries to accept us . 
  it is not russia 's place to dictate who her sovereign neighbors ally with . 
  cleves stopped being a valid rival , so he gained projection from eclipsing them . 
  we do , actually , sort of . 
  we can reasonably extrapolate a planet 's energy production for a single planet at the start of the game in 2200 , compared to our current production . 
  nope , he just immediately clicked it away . 
  the notification is how i knew it happened . 
  well , at least those fuckers admit it up front . 
  which means they 're actually more honest than default subs run by sjw stooges . 
  localisation is one of the easiest parts of the game to mod . 
  actually creating a balanced unit line is a lot more complex . 
  exactly this . 
  the management aspect is , for all players , something completely new . 
  we can handle the new balance aspects of lw2 tactical battles on our own , because we have experience with lw1 as well as vanilla xcom2 . 
  more importantly : tactical combat results are immediate . 
  we know right away if we 've succeeded or failed , and by how much , based on how many of our troops survive . 
  the management layer stuff , though , is something nobody has experience with . 
  results are also not immediately apparent . 
  so we all come looking for advice because even if we 're playing optimally by accident , we wo n't be able to realize it until we 've actually won the game . 
  the ending message is the same regardless of why you lose . 
  the game counts how many times you end ( or possibly start ) a month with negative money , and if you do that one too many times , you lose but still get the `` they realized you were more than a nuisance and nuked you '' event . 
  basically , if you can do anything at all to avoid it , do n't end a month with negative funds . 
  sell useful things out of your inventories if you have to , cut down on your scientist count if you have to but do n't end on a negative treasure and make sure you do n't have higher monthly expenses than your income + treasury reserves can handle . 
  it can happen a few times on accident and its ' fine , but do n't go `` oh , i 'll just minmax my budget and let it go negative because i do n't need to build anything right now '' . 
  alternatively , the possibility is you 've fallen behind on tech and you 're letting too many enemy ships escape , causing regions to stop `` paying you tribute '' , which is equivalent to countries abandoning xcom in vanilla . 
  too many countries leave , and you also lose . 
  you need to aggressively push for the hunter-killer ship , which actually has the speed to intercept fast shipping that the bonaventura is too slow to catch . 
  because of their `` one bad cycle '' , their entire history is suspect . 
  was it just a single bad cycle , or have they always been this bad and we never noticed before because we never bothered to do our own research or look for other viewpoints until this cycle ? 
  considering they continue to be full of shit and promoting any remotley plausible speck of negativity they can dig up on trump , i 'm leaning toward the latter . 
  cnn has been biased and pushing their own agenda for a long time , we just have n't noticed it before because we used to take their reporting at face value . 
  if their `` bad cycle '' is a lack of results ( whether financial , academic or athletic ) , then no it would n't . 
  if their `` bad cycle '' is them disastrously failing , flat out lying to their investors/review boards/fans to hide their failure ( producing fake accounting in finance , plagiarizing in academia , or getting caught with doping in athletics ) and then still pretending they 've done nothing wrong , then yes , it does . 
  it was n't merely the bad cycle for the mainstream media , where they consistently kept getting things wrong for a while . 
  they were n't just wrong , they were deliberately and systematically gaslighting the public to shape opinion in a direction that they wanted , truth and journalistic integrity be damned . 
  and when called out on it , their response is `` but it 's all okay !, 
  we 're fighting fascists that must be defeated at any cost . '' . 
  fuck no , they 're not fighting fascists except in their own delusions . 
  they 've become fascists themselves when they decided everyone that does n't completely agree with their worldview is an enemy to be crushed at any cost .
