  hard to say . 
  if they 've completed most of their industrial focuses already , it 's probably better to annex right away . 
  you annex later , you 're losing out on the equipment and stuff they produce with their military factories . 
  puppet nations are really stupid with their military production in my experience . 
  for instance , i once puppeted the ussr after they capitulated . 
  after a short while , i saw that all they had way less divisions than i was expecting of them . 
  on closer inspections , the divisions they had were something stupid like 1 inf 2 art . 
  i tagswitched over to see what was up and discovered they had assigned 1 factory to inf eq . 
  production , 3 to arty production and 40 + factories idle . 
  so yeah , conquered nations that are n't puppets at the start of the game seem to be really fucking stupid if you do puppet them . 
  especially if they 're originally majors . 
  honestly , we should be forced to marry off our cousins to each other way more than we currently are . 
  shortage of suitors should be a much bigger problem than it currently is . 
  for historical accuracy , of course . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see , i suppose . 
  it 's entirely possible congress wanted an audit , but chose not to push for it sooner because they knew it would likely end up being a huge waste of their time due to presidential obstruction . 
  after all , right up until the election , it seemed pretty much a sure bet clinton would succeed obama to the white house . 
  the reason for that `` good rifle '' analogy comes down to armor in the 40k setting . 
  and there are some vehicles that heavy bolters can pen or at least glance if they get a shot at the weaker rear armor . 
  many things in the 40k universe are armored well enough that the bolt shell fails to penetrate and ricochets or detonates on the surface . 
  while it is a gyrojet munition and therefore technically can be called a `` rocket '' , it 's still only the size of a large bullet . 
  more like explosive bullets with well-calibrated fuse delay , so they reliably detonate inside a target . 
  are you . . are you serious ? 
  you think there have n't been 4x games with planet-specific or empire-specific percentage modifiers ? 
  the ai does n't think that far . 
  it just sees `` ohh !, 
  i want to build a clinic !, 
  where ? 
  ooh !, 
  that tile has a food resource thanks to adjacency , so it 's valid for a clinic with my restriction on resource respect . 
  i 'll put it there because i can ! '', 
  right ... space empires 4 and 5 both had modifiers like that . 
  sword of the stars 1 and 2 had them . 
  all three galciv games most definitely have them . 
  you just have n't played as many 4x games as you like to think . 
  or your explanation of what you mean by `` percentage modifiers '' is so vague that you 're saying something completely different than what you actually mean . 
  not on the same ... you 've never played sword of the stars , have you ? 
  the scale of fully 3-dimnesional sots maps completely dwarfs the flat stellaris galaxy maps . 
  not only that , but sots 2 even has full star systems with multiple planets , at the same map sizes . 
  also , check out aurora 4x , if you want a scale and level of detail beyond anything stellaris has to offer . 
  if you want something unique about stellaris , then it 's probably the part where new , full-fledged empires can be generated dynamically during a game , i.e , independence factions . 
  in all 4x games that i can recall , breakaway factions , if they have any to begin with , are some gimped `` minor nation '' deal that will never rise to be full empires . 
  well , ck2 does tiptoe around the issue of the prophet by hiding his portrait and having made very clear that the timeline will never be extended so far back that playing as or even interacting with mohammad will ever be an option . 
  the only reason conventional military forces have failed in the middle east is because modern society balks at what it takes to effectively and quickly eradicate a radical movement . 
  if the us were to go back to 19th century imperialism , then the issue in the middle east could be resolved in 5-10 years by colonizing the area with americans and carrying out cultural and religious terror until moderate islamists refuse to support the radical islamists because they fear retaliation by the western militaries more than they fear the retaliation of radical islamists . 
  i 'm not advocating something as horrific as that , of course , but that is the quick solution achievable in the timeframe of one or two election periods . 
  the right way of doing it is going to take 20-40 years of continuous western presence , heavy investment into the education of the propped-up democracy and strict ideological policing of what is actually being taught to the next generation of arabs with that investment money . 
  and shutting any subversion of democratic ideology down hard , instead of tolerating medieval islamic barbarism as a valid and equal viewpoint . 
  the middle-east interventions have n't worked because the west always pulls out too soon due to waning public support of the effort back home . 
  obama redefined deportation to include `` caught crossing the border and told to return to mexico '' as an act of deportation , which previously counted as the border guards preventing an act of illegal immigration . 
  original species still exists . 
  not diverse enough by current year standards . 
   i 'm not in the business of repairing the world ( except climate change , because if the life support system of our shared galactic spaceship fails we 're all fucked ), 
  that spaceship analogy is a really good one , now that i think about it . 
  right now , the problem with fixing climate change is this : only europe , usa and a couple other `` western '' countries like canada and australia are even trying to fix that life support system in their sections of the spaceship . 
  everyone else ( china , india , africa ) just agrees that it 's a problem that needs to be fixed ... but they proceed to just expect the west to fix it for them , while they continue to exploit the capacity of the life support system to improve other parts in their section of the spaceship . 
  this is compounded by the issue where the west is putting serious restrictions on industry to keep the life support from breaking down , and the industry responds by outsourcing production to other sections of the spaceship that do n't have these restrictions . 
  or more accurately , where bribery lets them bypass the restrictions that non-western sections of of the spaceship have officially `` agreed to '' . 
  that 's really one of trump 's biggest issues with current climate treaties : china , india etc. 
  just are n't enforcing their promises in reality . 
  so the whole thing needs to be renegotiated . 
  there are also a few other points to to consider : first , * nature * and * the planet * will both ultimately survive the extinction of humanity . 
  mass-extinction events have happened before , and yet here we are , talking about them . 
  secondly , even humanity is very likely to survive a massive climate shift . 
  even if mass-casualties from flooding and ( later down the line ) famine are likely , humanity wo n't be completely wiped out . 
  a government making preparations to ensure their country survives with less damage and casualties than others is a valid , if selfish and pessimistic , approach . 
  in fact , that is essentially what china is doing : they 're exploiting international treaties and natural resources to the max while the exploiting is still good , and hoping for the best : either that they 'll take less damage and emerge dominant once the dust settles , or that usa and europe ruin themselves economically but pull off saving the climate , while chinese economy remains strong afterwards because they did n't have to sacrifice anything to save the climate . 
  the counting of bush 's deportation followed the old definition . 
  the statistics for how much the change in definition accounted for are conspicuously absent . 
  in fact , in all official statistics released by the federal government , they compare bush numbers ( old definition ) to obama numbers ( new definition ) directly without adjustment , even though they 're apples and oranges . 
  at most , there 's an asterisk noting the change of definition . 
  the main differences are caused by advances in the speed of communication and the speed of travel . 
  these two limitations define how much a central government can enforce its ' laws and taxes on distant provinces , as well as defining what counts as `` distant '' . 
  take , for instance , the british colonial empire . 
  leaving aside britain 's other ongoing conflicts , one reason the thirteen colonies could break free was that they were too distant for britain to effectively enforce its ' laws . 
  but more importantly reason the colonies even wanted to break free was because they felt the crown and the parliament in britain , that is the institutions nominally ruling over them , were not representing their interests . 
  rebellion and dissent over taxes grew faster than crown officials could persuade the locals to accept them or communicate the locals ' concerns back to the crown and in fact , some of these officials ( like franklin ) sided with the colonies and encouraged their demands for representation , instead of suppressing them . 
  in the end , people will revolt if they think their rulers are being unjust toward them , and if they believe they stand a chance at establishing independence without the ruler being able to crush their efforts . 
  in the current day and age , communication across the globe is effectively instantaneous if it needs to be . 
  travel times across the globe are quick enough that central governments of large empires can afford to rotate troops and officers around enough that local garrisons do n't develop sympathies toward the people they might have to suppress in the case of a revolt . 
  in other words , if central governments care to , they are always capable of keeping up with local concerns and placate people to make them feel represented . 
  distant provinces of vast countries are never distant enough that they can hope to get away with rebellion solely due to distance . 
  thus rebellion only happens if the central government is already weakened by some kind of turmoil or conflict , not simply because the central government is distant . 
  but suppose central governments on earth had self-sufficient colonies on mars , or even the moon , let alone further . 
  these colonies would have to be allowed a considerable amount of autonomy in their own affairs , or they would push for independence if they felt the central government is disregarding their interests too much . 
  this is , of course , assuming the extraplanetary colonies really are self-sufficient , and not dependent on the central government to receive life-critical goods . 
  but even if they are n't completely self-sufficient , the colonies would have room to threaten switching allegiance to another colonial power and make secret agreements , if they felt they were getting a shitty deal from their current earthbound overlord . 
   is there any way to upgrade my darksiders 2 to the deathinitive edition without purchasing it separately and get around/rid of the achievement this way ? 
  no , there is n't . 
  everyone who qualified for the deathinitive upgrade ( by owning the darksiders franchise pack on steam ) when deathinitive launched received it automatically . 
  you also missed the opportunity for darksiders 2 owners to get deathinitive at 80 % discount for 1 week after launch . 
  so yeh , you 're definitely out of luck as far as a free/discounted upgrade is concerned . 
  if you do n't find a way to get the achievement , then paying full for the deathinitive edition is your only option . 
  there 's no walking back from that cliff , other than multilateral disarmament . 
  which will never happen , because mad is the only thing preventing complete us hegemony over major countries like china or russia . 
  the us military is too overwhelmingly powerful for russia or china to risk disarming their nukes only to then face conventional us intervention over their numerous human rights violations . 
  sure , they have their innovative technologies like the armata , su pak fa and the j-31 , but if it comes to purely conventional war , the us will be able to produce five m1a2s for every russian armata . 
  and that 's not even comparing the sheer scale of the far more important fighter gap in favor of the us . 
  besides that , it will never come to that kind of large-scale battle because of that economic disparity . 
  even russia and china combined would bankrupt themselves in a conventional arms race against the us .
