  it 's always better to get a few more hours of sleep . 
  you 'll just have to waste time tomorrow fixing mistakes if you drink coffee and code a few hours longer . 
  also , a squadron of land-based planes will only participate in a naval battle once , even if the battle lasts long enough that they could fly back and do another mission . 
  this limit does not apply to land battles : the same bomber squadron can attack the same ongoing land battle multiple times . 
  nor does it apply to carrier-based squadrons , which can also make multiple attacks in the battle their carrier is involved in . 
  yep , this is exactly what ai does . 
  it deletes and remakes naval invasion plans until one of them succeeds or the changing strategic situation ( eventually ) makes it decide the invasion force ( probably just one or two divisions large ) is needed elsewhere . 
  the weight is entirely unsurprising . 
  the armata is meant to be a `` universal '' afv platform , which ultimately means it 's an mbt chassis that gets converted into other roles . 
  we ca n't , really . 
  here 's a very good opinion piece on this : https://pjmedia.com/blog/america-you-have-no-right-to-judge-donald-trump/?singlepage=true, 
  it 's certainly doable . 
  most moddable components of hoi4 are really quite straightforward . 
  the logic for creating/editing country and focus tree code would n't be that difficult . 
  i could probably do that part of the code myself , but i have no experience creating an actual gui . 
  i 'm definitely willing to help out with the code read/generate/write parts , but i 'm nowhere near confident enough in my coding ability to volunteer as the project lead for this . 
  edit : actually no . 
  i must n't let my enthusiasm get the better of me . 
  it 's a fuckton of hard work and creating code from scratch for ultimately very little benefit . 
  a tool like this will just allow non-coders to flood the steam workshop with shitty mods . 
  because hillary does n't love other women . 
  she loves power , she loves money and she cares about votes , not about the people behind the votes . 
  basically , because non-supporters were speaking on behalf of supporters ( and in many instances , doing so in bad faith and setting up strawman positions ) and burying supporter responses . 
  and because the mods are only human and do n't have the time or energy to manually moderate each response . 
  hence top responses by non-supporters get automoderated now , to cut down on ctr spam . 
  shall we talk about russian whataboutism instead ? 
  there 's more to camo and spotting than just the camo rating seen in the stats . 
  spotting is calculated from points on your tank 's hitbox . 
  a larger hitbox makes it more likely for some corner of your tank to be poking out from behind bushes , even if the base camo rating itself was identical . 
  a larger hitbox can deny a big tank the benefits of bushes . 
  great . 
  this is the new answer , then . 
  `` because paradox wants to sell fixes to retarded mechanics as dlc '' . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  you 're a centipede now . 
  you have us , 
  try exiting the game and reloading , i 've had that fix issues with not being able to drop troops on my cores . 
  additional psa : note that this trade is still limited by the puppet 's trade law . 
  ~ ~ afaik , an ai is coded to never change its ' trade law to closed economy if they 're a puppet . ~ ~, 
  huh . 
  i thought i saw that in the patch notes at some point , but it must have been a mod , not a patch . 
  estonia made an effort to privatize its ' postal system by selling the infrastructure to a private company . 
  end result : the fuckers are now gouging prices , still doing the same old bullshit and somehow still finding corners they can cut that the state employees did n't . 
  and it 's still a monopoly , because nobody is stupid enough to try and set up a competing company in a field that 's as dying and obsolete as snail mail . 
  thankfully , there are at least some direct package delivery services that actually have competition . 
  what trade could really use , is a `` export surplus '' law . 
  the only problem i see with this is that it would be too good compared to all the other trade laws . 
  at any rate , it would need a change to hardcode from pdx . 
  current code does n't even allow this to be modded in . 
  this is wrong . 
  some mods in the documents folder do not deactivate cleanly and cause the checksum to remain different even if they 're deactivated in the launcher . 
  so , based on your tl ; dr , you 're now an alt-right fascist radical who worships a racist cartoon frog . 
  at least as far as the pissant liberals are concerned . 
  `` liberals claim to want to give a hearing to other views , but then are shocked and offended to discover that there are other views . '', 
  and hillary clinton , democrat candidate for knuckledragger president , called that pokemon bullshit a symbol of racism and made it sound like internet memes are one of the big issues of ** current year ** . 
  i fucking wish i was making this up . 
  go fascist for dat +7 % recruitable population . 
  join the axis when the soviets attack . 
  if you do good min-maxing and get slightly lucky with events/wars , it 's possible to snatch sweden with paratroopers before wt gets high enough to unlock guarantees and faction joining for democracies . 
  edit : oh , and do n't bother with tanks . 
  you need the factories to build heavy fighters for air superiority in sweden and the soviet air zones . 
  do n't bother with ships either : military factories are more valuable than dockyards . 
  when did i wander into r/crusaderkings ? 
  as noted by others , they ca n't carry as much stuff if they do n't have horses . 
  look into giving gold pieces an encumbrance weight . 
  the weight works out to roughly 40gp = 1lb . 
  if the party has horses and saddlebags , there 's enough encumbrance load that gp encumbrance does n't need to be tracked until it 's actually significant ( i.e , party wants to haul a dragon 's hoard back to town ) . 
  traditionally , heavy armor was something you 'd take time to don before heading into battle . 
  you did n't wear it all the time . 
  so basically , the heavy armor guy should have the disadvantage of not wearing his armor if they 're ambushed on the road . 
  but this is n't directly about walking vs riding ; though being on horseback should probably reduce encounter chance . 
  finally , i 'd say that on horseback , the party should be able to travel for more hours each day than if they were on foot . 
  because the leftards have gone so over the top idiotic lately , that it 's actually plausible . 
  i mean , we 've got a mainstream presidential candidate publicly lecturing how a cartoon frog is a white supremacist symbol . 
  if a potential potus does n't recognize it as obvious satire and trolling and takes it seriously , then is it still just satire and trolling ? 
  does it ? 
  i 'm probably looking at information from earlier editions , then . 
  no matter , it 's a minor detail anyway . 
  50 is as decent a point as any . 
  imo , the white supremacist movement was a complete joke . 
  a satire of itself ; a movement made up mostly of trolls trolling each other and a tiny minority of true white supremacists . 
  until the mainstream left stopped treating them as a joke and handed them credibility on a silver platter by officially making them into an opponent that must be defeated in real politics . 
  so basically , king tiger at tier 7 would be on par with an is ? 
  well , your opinion of your wife is very much in the crapper . 
  maybe he does n't realize you 're a player and can make decisions contrary to opinion numbers ? 
  since your answer is a bit ambiguous ( thanks to the poorly worded question ) : yes , daughters would have a surname like - dottir . 
  going to be a bit difficult , given that amelia 's already married to her copilot . 
  the big issue is , the best micro still depends on the planning bonus , which you do n't get without drawing a line . 
  when playing the game the biggest threat to your plans and micro should n't be your own battle plan ai . 
  basically , things that were forced unions in the first place tend to split up amicably . 
  not to mention it 's best to have some armed security around when those relief supplies are being distributed . 
  desperate people might also start fighting each other around the distribution point to get those supplies before they run out . 
  out of curiosity , why fast inserters and not regular ones ? 
  it 's not like boilers consume coal faster than regular inserters can input . 
  basically , every time pdx releases an expansion with new mechanics , something is broken and something they added has unintended synergies that are ridiculously op to the point of being exploits . 
  or they 'll charge money for what amounts to a bugfix , like with the blitz tool for the hoi4 battle planner . 
  find someone to talk to here . 
  a fellow sinner to confess to personally when you relapse . 
  understanding how this sin overtakes you each time will make it easier to avoid it in the future . 
  the devil is cunning , of course , as each time you realize how false your reasons to fall to this sin are , he will present a new reason that seems to make this sin acceptable when it is n't .
