  for `` competent '' , i 'd go with each npc having good individual tactics . 
  they use flashbangs , smoke and the like , but their fellow npcs might not be completely prepared to take advantage of the flashbangs and the like . 
  only add good teamwork for these npcs if they 've prepared a plan before combat , such as assigning duties when storming a room . 
  their teamwork falls apart when they run into unexpected circumstances . 
  `` elite '' level though ... 
  these are the best of the best . 
  surpassed only by true terrors of the battlefield like astartes , tyranids and eldar . 
  show no mercy to the pcs . 
  they take advantage of situations created by their teammates without planning for it , needing only an occasional shouted order by their fellow elites . 
  in a fight with the elite , losing just one party member should be considered a victory . 
  edit : for elite squads , you might even want to create full pc character sheets with dark heresy . 
  something like a 6000xp guardsman . 
  i 'm reasonably certain the british and french td lines did n't exist yet back in those days . 
  same here , except i was a horrible scrub back then and did n't even know how to exploit superior viewrange . 
  damn . 
  so that was why my weapons were breaking all the time in ds2 . 
  depends on the cause , honestly . 
  plenty of independence wars in the world were certainly both noble and necessary . 
  debatable . 
  after what my grandparents went through , i 'd say keeping red terror out of any country was definitely a noble goal . 
  they failed only because public opinion forced the us to pull out when north vietnam was on the verge of military defeat . 
  and if it had been the other way around , it would 've been rayciss to complain ... 
  watch the anime , but remember that the final three episodes were just hacked together to provide some sense of closure to the plot . 
  the manga has a far more developed storyline and more character development , but the anime is definitely worth seeing for the animated action scenes . 
  who knows . 
  if he gets the rubber and oil of singapore , he might be able to maintain air parity . 
  especially if yermany does well in europe and the us needs to provide lend-lease to the allies and soviets . 
  fascism does n't necessarily imply favoring one ethnic/racial group over others . 
  the indian flavor of fascism could be interpreted as the many indian cultures united under a fascist regime to oppose british rule . 
  close , but not quite . 
  more like :, 
   ... make you pure if you want to be a good person . 
  plus the low tier players are more likely to have 50 % crews , making their accuracy even more shit . 
  let 's be honest . 
  this exactly the doctor the reddit hivemind deserves . 
   term limits people !, 
  this . 
  at the very least , there should be a limit to consecutive terms . 
  politicians ought to be part of the actual workforce every few years , to get a better look at the effects their decisions have on the economy . 
  i suspect he got identified somehow and was told to stop by manglement . 
  i 'd say how good someone has it is not that impactful to how they turn out . 
  a nice , peaceful life with few concerns can still drive people to depravity , if they find it unfulfilling . 
  really ? 
  since when ? 
  did n't lore used to say primes are the `` original '' designs made by the orokin , and regular frames and weapons are simplified versions of the primes created by humans/lotus due to lack of resources and technological know-how ? 
  i 'll be honest here : either your professor is glaringly wrong or you misunderstood their point . 
  institutional religion was the driving force behind education and scientific discovery for a long time . 
  the persecution of scholars like galileo was not ideological repression of scientific progress on behalf of the church as an institution . 
  it was mostly about other scholars ( many of whom were also clergy ) using their political influence to prevent people like galileo from debunking or undermining `` their '' theories when they ran out of scientific counterarguments . 
  this is hardly a phenomenon restricted to the middle ages , given how hard it is today to get something published when it goes against the existing mainstream stances of reputable academia . 
  are you just trolling ? 
  you do realize this is japan , the only country to ever get actually nuked ? 
  asking american allies for help would go against the jsdf-wank narrative . 
  unless they did something absolutely mental like seizing nukes from the stationed american troops by force . 
  and even if there was an automated , internal maintenance check , it would be massively unpopular . 
  just imagine that 30 minutes before your work shift starts , your car refuses to drive because it suddenly does n't pass an opaque `` maintenance check '' . 
  people would vote against this level of automation with their wallets . 
  you have been deemed a heretic by / r/ayymd, 
  honestly , it 's hard to say . 
  a lot of the time in hoi3 , your biggest enemy was the ui and opaque game mechanics , rather than enemy ai or economic limitations of your country . 
  the air command system in particular , it was a real struggle to make sure my interceptors did n't go on suicide runs over britain but still intercepted bombers coming to germany . 
  to a lesser extent , the naval command system was also disobedient at times . 
  it 's just poor game design if players feel the ai is incompetent and it 's only hard to beat the ai because of clunky ui . 
  i 'd say it 's fine as-is . 
  the more minors that are viable to play as without being hard-locked to historical paths , the better . 
  the game is old enough that it has issues with x64 systems and newer versions of steam . 
  things that have worked for others :, 
  * disable the steam overlay . 
  * never alt-tab out of the game . 
  * exit and restart steam before starting up darksiders . 
  it 's not that they ca n't ; it 's that they do n't want to give that much control to the user . 
  however , all of the major powers also have national focuses which allow avoiding war , or joining the war on an ahistorical side . 
  for instance , the usa has the `` unholy alliance '' and `` war plan red '' ahistorical focuses , which have them ally with germany and go to war with the british empire , respectively . 
  it 's easier and cheaper to buy a single president than to buy 50 % +1 of the congress . 
  so it 's only rational for the people who buy the president to want to expand the president 's power , so they do n't have to worry as much about buying congress . 
  we hate stalin and your grandparents for the deporting , rape and murder they carried out here . 
  that is not why we hate you , directly . 
  in part , we hate you because you either glorify these butchers as heroes , or at least act as if their actions were excusable because they beat the nazis . 
  but most of all , we hate russians because you refuse to publicly acknowledge the extent of the suffering you 've inflicted on the baltics and eastern europe and continue pretend like you 've got nothing to apologize for . 
  we 're not expecting reparations or anything else material like that . 
  we 're waiting for you to understand the extent of what stalin and your grandparents did wrong , and for you to understand why apologizing for it on their behalf is the right thing to do . 
  until that happens , estonians and russians have nothing to talk about . 
  i have to agree that the way hoi has done the partition of poland thus far , i.e germany doing all the work and then ceding half to soviets by event is absolutely silly . 
  the soviets should be invading poland . 
  hell , it 's a perfect way to utilize the peace treaty mechanic in hoi4 , partitioning a country between two countries that are trying to screw each other over . 
  it 's not a ghost in the shell movie . 
  it 's a generic hollywood action film trying to cash in on the name , nothing more . 
  exactly . 
  it does n't matter if it 's ( initially ) treated as a crackpot conspiracy theory . 
  the fact that the truth is still out there is threat enough to ozy 's plan . 
  just look at the recent rise of the right wing : stuff that was considered racist conspiracy theories a decade ago is leaking into the mainstream and being taken seriously . 
  you do realize in plenty of countries , traffic on a roundabout is supposed to yield to oncoming traffic , right ? 
  russia being the biggest one . 
  why does it matter from our perspective at which level of the saudi government the attacks were sanctioned at ? 
  even if it was n't sanctioned at the highest levels of the saudi gov. , the highest levels are still responsible for not keeping their radicals in line . 
  either way , saudi money gets used to attack the west . 
  there 's no practical difference between hostile leadership and ineffectual leadership with hostile underlings . 
  i think the most ahistorical route the us can pursue is war with the british empire . 
  [ war plan red ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_plan_red ) was shown as one of usa 's national focus choices in the dev diaries . 
  freeform .
