  you can tell the player that their character ( after failing a skill roll ) does n't detect something . 
  but you do n't lie in an ooc context . 
  if you were not playing ironman , try reloading an earlier save . 
  other than that , crashing in the middle of saving tends to have strange results like that . 
  it 's a rather difficult programming problem to handle , even for well-tested games ( which paradox games generally are n't , on launch ) . 
  at this time , i do n't think so . 
  though there definitely should be events that cause countries to leave their faction and individually sue for peace if their ideology switches in the middle of the war . 
  they 're not strictly a space marine tradition , though . 
  pretty sure i 've read in one of the novels ( possibly a cain novel ) that imperial guard soldiers and officers can have them too , but it 's really notable for them to have one because generally they do n't survive long enough to earn one . 
  i remember those . 
  kept having to remind myself not to attack the civilians because they resembled [ sneks ] ( #spoiler ) . 
  could you tag switch with console and show us the screenshot of their logistics ? 
  i could be wrong about which novel i read it in , but i 'm sure that i read it in one of them . 
  as noted by / u/ridelybro , this is a topic involving massive spoilers . 
  i 'll avoid the specifics , but if you want it to be a complete surprise , do n't read further . 
  manga spoilers below :, 
  it is revealed in the manga that fighting the yoma has never been the goal of the organization . 
  sending out claymores and having the men in black collect exorbitant sums from villages for this `` service '' is just a way for the organization to fund its ' real goals . 
  in any case , you 'll probably want a fake sword . 
  the amount of metal that would go into a full-size metal production of a claymore from the series would be ridiculously expensive and the result would be ridiculously heavy . 
  i recommend checking out [ this blog post ] ( http://volpinprops.blogspot.com.ee/2012/02/clares-sword-claymore.html ) about harrison krix creating a claymore sword as a cosplay prop . 
  being good or in a clan and getting focused by arty is kind of a chicken-egg thing . 
  yes , xvm plays a part , but when i 'm trying to finish those arty missions , my logic when i `` xvm-snipe '' is more complicated than just tunnelvisioning on a target based on what xvm tells me . 
  after regular map and building considerations ( i.e , what areas can i even shoot into from where i am ) , i look at which flank my team is getting wrecked on , or getting bogged down on . 
  a lot of the time , it 's the flank where an enemy unicum or clan player is present . 
  then i look at xvm and see that `` oh , that guy is a good player/in a clan . 
  probably not a coincidence that 's he 's on the flank that my team is having trouble with '' . 
  it just saves me the time of having to observe which tank specifically my team is having trouble with . 
  i can just assume it 's the good/clan player . 
  you also have to be at peace to dismantle your faction , in addition to being the only member . 
  it 's not just germany switching government that breaks the allies . 
  it 's germany being a democracy . 
  because for some idiotic reason , democracies being belligerent and declaring wars ** reduces ** world tension . 
  which shackles the focus trees of the allies while the german focus tree continues to not give a fuck . 
  something something faster repositioning . 
  something something larger guns . 
  it is a bit derpy , though , i agree . 
  i think all the self-propelled stuff should have considerably more breakthrough . 
  and more defense too , come to think of it , since spgs , tank destroyers and spaa are all far more applicable in defensive situations . 
  more so than ordinary tanks . 
  here 's a thought : an sp-variant of a tank has both defense and breakthrough equal to 50 % of the breakthrough value of the original tank . 
  yes . 
  you need to hold at least * some * of the enemy 's core victory points before they surrender . 
  he somehow switched germany 's land doctrine from mobile warfare to superior firepower for free . 
  yeh , 90 % national unity is a bitch . 
  but apparently there 's more to control over vp % than just controlling the specific provinces . 
  i 've had sweden refusing to surrender even after i vp-rushed every single one of their valuable provinces with paratroopers . 
  possibly you need to control the majority of a state for its ' vp provinces to count toward capitulation ? 
  or perhaps even non-vp provinces have some fractional vp value that is n't being displayed , but is still counted toward surrender progress . 
  the current hearts of iron 4 , before expansions start rolling out , is probably the simplest strategy game that captures all the strategic aspects of ww2 , from diplomacy to logistics to actual combat in land , air and sea . 
  if you find a game that easier or less complex , then that game is probably half-assing something important like air or naval combat , or the logistics of keeping your troops supplied on the eastern front . 
  there is a [ series of tutorials ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plqrhpbyfdqwivkpqj0s9fcu5id8xsxmsp ) released by the developers themselves . 
  the game itself also has a tutorial mode where you play as italy and the game is holding your hand and giving you instructions on what 's a good idea . 
  if you like ww2 , then i strongly recommend you give hoi4 a shot . 
  the game is never going to be easier than it is right now , with all the bugs in the ai making it ... well . 
  the ai is terrible right now , which means having player intelligence behind a country is a frightening advantage . 
  for instance , germany is the only ai country that will ever produce armor units other than light tanks . 
  germany and the ussr are the only countries that will ever upgrade their armor divisions past the `` default '' division they get from researching armor tech . 
  and none of the ai countries will ever research new aircraft models past the 1936 versions . 
  this . 
  baku and other major resource fields should have bigger vp values . 
  exactly this . 
  the eu only gives the small countries a voice as long as they support the decisions made by the undemocratic bureaucracy at the top . 
  the moment a small country speaks out and voices dissent , they get hit with financial and political sanctions . 
  op is referring to having multiple parallel lines of 15 producing weapons 2 . 
  there 's good value to stacking - divergence , though . 
  it allows you to assimilate conquered species to your own ethics faster , and prevents distant colonies from diverging . 
  spiritualist-militarist-collectivist has seemed like a rather strong expansion combo to me thus far . 
  in the same sentence , you admit that materialism provided an early advantage and claim it was underpowered . 
  the early advantage is a massive boon . 
  it lets you get a lead on other empires early on and start to snowball in power sooner . 
  with the early advantage from `` underpowered '' materialism ethics , other empires will never be able to really catch up to a player-controlled materialst empire , unless they gang up to drag you back down with a war . 
  simple mistake here , though . 
  there is a single front of six provinces . 
  drawing three separate fronts and assigning units to them appropriately should fix this . 
  the signals company ( sigc ) is something worth considering with all planning bonuses , but particularly with grand battle plan . 
  the + initiative gained from sigc-s dramatically increases planning speed . 
  with a base of 2.5 % / day , even the first level sigc increases the speed to ... hm . 
  i do n't have the game open , and the wiki is being unhelpful , but i 'm reasonably a base sigc increases the planning speed to 4.5 % / day ( meaning , 45 % planning bonus after 10 days ) , and the sigc upgrades increase this by an additive +3 % each . 
  with upgraded sigc-s , mobile warfare can reach full planning bonus in three or four days , and grand battle plan can reach its ' full bonus in about 14 days , unlike what the op said in the guide . 
  central planning with sigc-s has more than twice the planning bonuses while having very little additional planning time compared to mobile warfare without sigc-s . 
  no , delete the whole frontline before you start micro-ing . 
  that prevents the ai from fucking things up , while the planning bonus just starts decaying like it normally would when you press the execute button . 
  you might want to edit signals company considerations into your summary about grand battle plan . 
  the assault branch is extremely strong if you put signals companies in pretty much every division . 
  germany with fully upgraded signals gets to the 110 % cap in 9 days , or in 12-13 days without the 1945 upgrade . 
  unless the government forgets that their army is still made up of regular people and pisses off everyone to the point that the military sides with the population . 
  it 's worth mentioning that getting killed from full hp by a single attack is exceptionally bad rng . 
  the healer would have to take massive damage , and then be killed by bleed or blight when their turn rolls around . 
  i ca n't recall any enemies that deal that much damage and bleed/blight , outside some of the ones in the final dungeon . 
  did n't juncker announce a day or two before the referendum that britain wo n't be allowed to renegotiate anything , regardless of which way the referendum goes ? 
  yeah ... considering how much pro-remain bias and fearmongering bbc has demonstrated lately , i would n't be so confident about assuming the bbc is telling the truth . 
  the problem with forecasts and statistical analysis is that it 's very easy to play with data and p-values to produce a forecast that supports any given intellectual 's worldview of choice . 
  intellectuals are not above stubbornly ignoring evidence that does n't match whatever forecast their own reputations are riding on . 
  admitting you were wrong about something big is practically career suicide in academic circles . 
  take , for instance , the supposed positive influence of immigration from the middle . 
  crime in sweden has [ gone up 700 % ] ( https://muslimstatistics.wordpress.com/2014/05/26/statistics-violent-crime-explosion-in-sweden-from-1975-2012-dominated-by-muslims/ ) since they started actively promoting immigration in the 70s . 
  meanwhile , instead of becoming the taxpayers that support the welfare state in the future , [ 80 % of the muslim immigrants ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skhqifwcgbe ) in europe are themselves living off welfare benefits instead of paying taxes . 
  and yet the `` clever '' bureaucrats in the european commission , who supposedly know what they 're doing better than the rest of us , continue to insist it 's all going to work if we allow even more immigrants . 
  if you 're not at war , check if turning off the mods changes anything .
