  his stress reduction abilities reduce the stress of the whole party a little bit , but enemies do n't stress the whole party at that stage . 
  they focus down a single target and the jester ca n't keep up the stress heal anymore at champion level . 
  ultimately , it 's not about the jester being strictly bad . 
  the jester 's mix of party-wide support is merely `` useful '' , but taking him means leaving behind a hero that 's stronger or more consistent , both of which are more important at champion level dungeons than jester 's variety of support abilities . 
  no , there is a different law at work here . 
  if you make something foolproof , the universe will push out a patch for the fools . 
  you can wield a one handed weapon like a grenade launcher along with a flashlight , allowing you to fight effectively in what would otherwise be complete darkness . 
  there are multiple agencies that are supposed to enforce related laws , both on federal and state levels . 
  and every single one of them is understaffed , underfunded and overburdened with other duties . 
  while everything you 've said is true to an extent , you 're also not giving the deathwatch enough credit . 
  space marines are one-dimensional lawful-stupids only if their player has no better idea how to play them . 
  given how alien astartes psychology can be compared to normal humans , it 's not a hard mistake to make . 
  astartes may pledge neutrality in conflicts between legitimate imperial authorities , and pretend to be above political intrigue , but ultimately it 's just a public facade . 
  they are not above politics , no matter how much they want or pretend to be . 
  space marines can be pressured into underhanded activities by inquisitors in exchange for favors . 
  they wo n't like it , but ultimately astartes do recognize that ends justify the means . 
  there are limits , of course , heresies too great to be considered , but astartes ' duty to protect the imperium at all costs makes them more morally flexible than their public image suggests . 
  their duty to uphold the image of astartes also makes them very thorough at covering up their own questionable deeds , since they can not allow the noble image of the astartes to be publicly compromised to the imperium . 
  take a gander at [ this chart ] ( http://s2.photobucket.com/user/drsanity/media/shame3.jpg.html ) . 
  imperial society , schizophrenic as it is , holds elements of both shame - and guilt-society . 
  it would not be strange for an astartes to follow shame principles themselves , while expecting others to follow guilt principles . 
  a bit more than that , i suspect . 
  quick google tells me hiring a voice actor costs $ 100 - $ 500 per hour . 
  there are also minimum billable durations , otherwise it 's not worth the time for the va. . with all the different languages , that probably means about five or six separate voice actors . 
  so , yeah . 
  the costs pile up , in the end . 
  as i said , quick google . 
  this was from the site of a company that offers voice acting as a service . 
  most of the site text was aimed at how good their tv and radio voiceovers are , but video-game voiceovers were also listed as a service they offer . 
  to me , that kind of rigid focus on appearance tells me the unit is more obsessed with photo-op appearance than actual functionality . 
  that 's not to say the unit is n't functional in peacetime training or parade ops , but it might indivate the unit will underperform if it ever needs to carry out combat operations , since their trained routine has them spending excessive amounts of time on paint and uniform condition . 
  from a military standpoint , victory had almost been achieved in both vietnam and afghanistan . 
  in vietnam , the us forces had completely broken the back of the north 's military strength when the tet offensive failed . 
  it was just a matter of pushing north , setting up an occupation and formalizing the victory . 
  except the casualties inflicted by that last , desperate communist offensive were enough to turn public opinion in the us against the war , and the americans withdrew before the job could be actually finished . 
  and then the next round of soviet reinforcements was allowed to discreetly enter vietnam through the north , and those reinforcements rolled over what was left of the south . 
  a similar thing happened in afghanistan . 
  al-qaeda was no longer an effective military threat , despite the occasional ied attacks and us pretty much had control of all of afghanistan . 
  then the us public got squeamish about actually establishing an effective occupation for the two or three decades it would have taken to actually establish any kind of democratic tradition . 
  instead , the us just waited around for a a couple of years , expecting a highly tribalistic muslim society to suddenly transform into a stable democracy just because us and allied forces were preventing them from going back to tribal feuding . 
  then the us public got tired of maintaining the occupation and wanted the troops to come home . 
  and then afghanistan started backsliding into being a tribally divided haven for various terrorist faction . 
  [ here is a link ] ( http://www.pewpewtactical.com/difference-gun-magazine-vs-clip/ ) . 
  even just the first picture illustrates the difference well enough . 
  you do n't even need to read the text that goes into further detail . 
  the short version : a ` clip ' is an older piece of gun technology that was used in guns like the m1 garand , before magazine production technology got far enough that magazines did n't just jam all the time . 
  `` clips '' are also still in use themselves , as a tool to assist refilling a magazine with bullets . 
  yes , that 's exactly the difference . 
  weapons like the garand , where you put a clip inside the weapon , actually have an ` internal ' magazine , which ca n't be removed from the weapon . 
  they * did * know how to make magazines back before ww2 , they just had n't figured out ( reliable ) detachable magazines yet . 
  so you 're afraid of us because we might demand back the flag you danes stole from us ? 
  you 're planning to strike at our 17.5 k active troops and 218k reservists with your 15k active troops and 63k reservists ? 
  well , i highly doubt we have to fear a danish invasion on our territory . 
  nope , you do n't . 
  game considers them dead and permanently lost . 
  which basically means paradox mechanics are suggesting that all factions in ww2 mass-murdered soldiers who surrendered on the spot . 
  not merely a 4x4 . 
  more like an actual log of raw timber . 
  if the game abstracted the surrendering troops as forced laborers , then would n't the abstraction need to provide some industrial boost in the wake of a major encirclement ? 
  no , the implications of hoi 's casualty abstraction pretty clear : encircled divisions that run out of organization destroy their own equipment , surrender and are subsequently put to death by the attacking force . 
  except this is not the case . 
  absolute monarchy was not a thing until the 1600s . 
  the kings needed the approval of their powerful vassals to get stuff done , because the bulk of a realm 's army was raised , armed and otherwise paid by the vassal lords , not to the king . 
  the demense limit abstracts this , but ultimately the problem was that the fastest way of travel was by horse . 
  kings did n't have the administrative reach and influence to govern distant provinces themselves . 
  they had to appoint vassals who were actually on-site in those distant provinces , ruling over them and keeping their own court to carry out administrative functions . 
  basically , if i wanted to `` do everything i want '' as a ruler in ck2 , and had the option of declaring a no-cb war , then all my powerful vassals would have to get an event that lets them rise up in revolt as a `` depose liege in favor of claimant '' faction to keep the consequences accurate for the era . 
  if you 've snapped to the point that you 're just ... wandering around in a daze , ignoring the snow and -10 degrees of cold , who knows . 
  hell , people who are experiencing dangerous levels of hypothermia are known to strip out of their clothes because they feel incredibly hot . 
  it 's not much of a stretch . 
  or perhaps stellaris could actually do something unconventional : endless 4x . 
  after your empire loses ( or meets the win conditions ) , there 's 50 in-game years of `` cleanup '' simulation and the player gets to play again , on the same map . 
  as a new species/empire that recently achieved ftl travel . 
  except that the dominant empires that survived the cleanup have become fallen empires , or there are lots of anomalies related to whatever scourge wiped its ' way across the galaxy . 
  or hell , perhaps in this new game plus , instead of fallen empires , you get dormant threats . 
  single planet empires of high-tech killer robots that reactivate if disturbed . 
  an unbidden rear guard , left behind after the main force moved on . 
  so basically , only the british ai is capable of figuring out the fleet deployment for naval superiority in the north sea and the mediterranean . 
  anything more complicated and the naval ai makes a mess of it . 
  let 's be honest , straits everywhere [ would not be an improvement ] ( https://i.redd.it/4ylktjcp1lex.jpg ) . 
  the ai consisently overcommits to both attacking as well as defending strait crossings . 
  all that 's missing is a french head of state from the karling line . 
  there have also been studies that suggest about 30 % of trump supporters are * afraid * to declare their support of him , even on anonymous polls . 
  which goes to show how fucked up the state of the us democracy is , if a supposed political minority is so afraid of violence and persecution that they no longer trust polls to remain anonymous if they give the `` wrong '' answer . 
  to get people into the habit of spamming gold ammo and prem crew boost consumables . 
  and also to get them into the habit of grinding xp on elite tanks and spending gold on converting elite vehicle xp to free xp . 
  apathy breakdown : heavily reduced manipulation and movement , but pawn otherwise functions as normal and continues to follow orders . 
  manic breakdown : work at 200 % speed . 
  rest drains 500 % faster until the character passes out . 
  considering how much rigging in favor of hillary the dnc leaks have revealed , i would n't say the dnc result was difficult to predict in the slightest . 
  for all we know , nate silver is colluding with the clinton campaign to make `` correct '' predictions that aid his credibility . 
  have you seen the dnc leaks ? 
  have you seen the statistically implausible exit poll differences for the dnc vote ? 
  hillary had to heavily collude with the dnc and commit election fraud just to beat bernie for the nomination . 
   and while the emails definitely show bias , what they do n't show is fraud . 
  it 's the statistical implausibility of the [ dnc exit polls ] ( http://i.imgur.com/on8ccuv.png ) , coupled with the fact bernie won in all states where the electronic voting solution was not handed out to a private contractor , that convinced me there was wide-scale election fraud going on during the dnc . 
  the dnc nomination was stolen from bernie . 
  generally , targets of bombing attacks were factories in urban areas , so if the pilot had clearly overshot their target , they were at least humane enough not to just immediately drop the bombs on what were densely populated city blocks next to the factory . 
  there 's also the matter of stuff like radar stations being placed in the countryside without the locals knowing about it . 
  and then we 're talking the actual terror bombings that really did specifically target the population , but those would be targeted at big population centers .
