  there 's a table somewhere which lists where additional hits go to , depending on the location of the first hit . 
  look in the index for `` multiple hits '' . 
   righteous fury is still in 2e and happens when you roll a natural 10 . 
  this means righteous fury happens when you roll a natural 10 on a damage roll . 
   hit location is ones and tens digit switched of hit roll . 
  21 = 12 hit location . 
  there 's a table that tells you what those coorospond to . 
  there 's a principle that 's easy to remember : you get a headshot if you roll a 01 or a multiple of ten ( 10 , 20 , 30 , etc ) on your initial ws or bs attack roll . 
  this is , of course , assuming you do n't decide to mess around with houserules and create a custom hit location table for some warp abomination or tyranid with six tentacle-arms or five heads something . 
  with an assassin type character at that level ? 
  it 's something you need to specifically prepare and optimize your equipment for . 
  leave behind your gold and other junk . 
  fill your weight cap with poisons and stamina potions . 
  do n't bother with health/resistance potions ; if you 're taking hits , you 're screwed anyway . 
  it 's not insane to leave behind melee weapons for the quest and just sneak/flee away from random encounters on your way to the dragon . 
  make every poisoned shot count and do n't take speculative shots . 
  if you run out of poison before the dragon is dead , then you need to reload a save and bring more poison . 
  as poisons go , decay ( damage over time ) is typically preferable to affliction ( instant bonus damage ) . 
  might want to consider a using `` weakness to poison '' poisons to ensure maximum damage from other poisons . 
  there 's a perk in the alchemy tree that makes each poison use last for five ( or was it three ? ), 
  shots/hits , which helps a lot . 
  naturally , you 'll be making your own potions for this . 
  see the alchemy effects guide in the sidebar for figuring out optimal combinations . 
  off the top of my head , i remember the following ingredients were useful in my last assassin run : namira 's rot , canis root , wolf 's heart . 
  i combined them with well-known damage poison ingredients like nirnroot , deathbell and nightshade , though i no longer recall the exact combinations . 
  despite the picture , the sentence itself could also be interpreted as `` the amount of instant noodles consumed in china each year could feed three astronauts on a one-way trip to pluto '' . 
  so cracked is still full of it , no matter which way we look at it . 
  no surprise there . 
  indeed , and not just because the nordics do n't want us . 
  also because many estonians do n't want to be as gender as the nordics . 
   imagine living in a country where you do n't have police to call upon for help , because for all you know they 're dirty and the majority of them are . 
  it 's not as if the police in the us are getting away with murdering unarmed civilians . 
  the older variants , definitely ; especially at < 50m range . 
  the newer variants are not quite as shitty , and typically you only get short distances like that in urban combat , where an enemy can easily hide in a building the bmp is driving past . 
  yeah , it 'd be a more massive undertaking than even long war . 
  hell , the entire base view is hardcoded into the game . 
  it would probably be easier to create a new codebase from the ground up , rather than trying to reverse-engineer ew code enough to make the player play as exalt . 
  unless of course firaxis ( or whoever owns the actual source code copyright ) decides to release the source code in the distant future . 
  what i would really love as a fix , is realistic islands . 
  none of that floating weirdness . 
  an ocean floor with mountain peaks reaching above the waterline as islands . 
  i 've been noticing pagan faiths reforming a lot in my recent games . 
  i 'm beginning to suspect pdx quietly/accidentally changed something that made it easier for ai to reform pagan faiths , because it happens all the time now . 
  i usually see at least one pagan religion ( usually slavic or romuva ) getting reformed less than a century into the game . 
  yes , it does . 
  as the text notes , gwp values are represented in 1990 international dollars . 
  90 million 1990 dollars worth of goods is the same amount of goods no matter the date . 
  the only difference being that in 300,000 bce , there were only that many goods in the entire world , and `` currency '' as such did not exist back then . 
  it was entirely a barter economy , and i 'm not even sure if inflation applies to a barter economy at all . 
  too late in the evening to do actual math , but some points that need to be considered . 
  first , e-mail or an actual envelope-mail ? 
  probably the latter . 
  the cost of the former is ... almost negligible . 
  spamming e-mail addresses is very cheap . 
  assuming the latter , your location matters . 
  sending domestic mail is significantly cheaper than sending international mail . 
  for instance , if you send all the pictures from china , then it 's a lot cheaper , because sending to the large amount of people in china will be cheaper if it 's domestic chinese mail , rather than having it all internationally mailed from the us . 
  then there 's the issue of having the pictures printed and buying the envelopes themselves . 
  although sending it to * everyone * is probably not even possible . 
  there are a lot of people , especially in 3rd world countries , who do not have any post or e-mail address . 
  isolated tribes in africa and the amazon come to mind , for instance . 
  i did n't start trying nightlies until giraffe was just around the corner , though i vaguely recall seeing screenshots . 
  was it possible to comment the ocean biomes back in ? 
  and if they were , did the ocean biomes actually work , or were they just a glitchy mess ? 
  too long ; did n't read, 
  is n't that basically : tsar , communist tsar , fascist tsar ? 
  our country is always crap , but never worse than russia . 
  ( estonia ), 
  in programming , it 's more resource-efficient to round down ( truncate the fractional component ) than it is to do the math of rounding up . 
  which is actually surprisingly complicated for a computer , especially if you want to round .5 up and .49 down . 
  try the duchy of estonia in the baltic area . 
  it 's a pretty challenging suomenusko start , i 've found . 
  because paradox . 
  that 's all the reason any of these grand strategy games need to explain themselves . 
  oh yeah , that 's true , much better than what i had thought up at the time . 
  in hindsight , i was seriously over-thinking the whole problem . 
  very much an oversimplification . 
  consider this : a dna sample from your skin is identical to a dna sample from your blood . 
  now imagine how horrifying it would be to have your skin suddenly replaced with blood . 
  you 're welcome for the mental image . 
  well , unifying latvia and lithuania would make some sense , but estonia belongs to a different culture group . 
  too many integration problems . 
  the link does n't work for some reason , though the actual ytube links are correct . 
  not being able to eat something that would put you over the limit would be bad design , i feel . 
  perhaps if you eat enough to put you over the limit , you get an `` overfed '' debuff that prevents you from eating more . 
  the debuff only goes away when the fullness bar goes back to zero . 
  analogous to how energy is `` locked '' if you completely deplete the bar , but unlike energy , `` fullness '' would go down slower if it gets locked from overeating . 
  reminds me of visage , from sunless sea . 
  cool idea , nonetheless . 
  depends a lot on local culture and familial safety-nets . 
  here in estonia , there 's nothing unusual about couples getting married and starting more or less functional families in their early/mid-twenties . 
  if one or both of the parents are still in college at the time , then usually the grandparents pick up the slack until the parents can graduate . 
  very much a biased article . 
  galojan was definitely guilty of appropriating $ 60,000 . 
  while it 's not out of the question that there was politically selective enforcement of anti-corruption law going on behind the scenes , the fact of her crime is indisputable . 
  making galojan a massive hypocrite herself : an anti-corruption crusader embezzling money from the govt non-profit she was put in charge of . 
  on top of that , harku vangla is in no way `` notorious '' . 
  it is the only women 's prison in estonia . 
  that 's not to say reform is n't corrupt . 
  it is , and it would n't surprise me if her accusations turned out to be true .
