  no matter what happens to them as a consequence of their actions , they 'll perform the necessary mental gymnastics to start believing that they 've done nothing wrong and are being unfairly persecuted for something . 
  dark heresy is very much different from wfrp . 
  yes , they both have the same base attributes and they both still roll the same dice , but the differences are as significant as 3.5 e vs 4e for dnd . 
  the biggest hurdle in this instance is to transition the fluid career progression of wfrp into the stricter progression of dh . 
  the only way to make it work at all is by having the players draw up new dh character sheets for their old characters and give them something like 5,000 starting xp ( or whatever would be appropriate ) . 
  which would probably severely break immersion , because dh hands out proficiencies for firearms and lasguns as starting talents . 
  if you get the dh core book , then a word of advice : the pre-made campaign at the end of the book is ridiculously hard for new players . 
  i think the folks at ffg have purposely put a hard campaign into the first book people get , just to reinforce how brutal and unforgiving the 40k universe is . 
  even if a full party of characters does everything right , consistently makes the most optimal story and combat decisions , they can still lose because the dice do n't fall in their favor . 
  edit : a word, 
  probably posting something so stupid or crazy on reddit , it makes the headlines . 
  thanks for the advice , charismatic cyberelf it is . 
  but to clarify , is it viable on normal difficulty for a primarily melee character to keep their pistol ranged competitive into the late-game ? 
  right , i wo n't bother advancing pistol past unlocking overwatch , then . 
  thanks for all the help . 
  as far as disadvantages are concerned , i 'd say the glaring disadvantage is that dust eater is borderline useless if the enemy goes for the legs first . 
  the technique largely depends on the opponent aiming for a vital spot ( head or torso ) and being out of position after the attack misses . 
  it 's a technique built around a counterattack , an approach that is inherently at a disadvantage in most combat situations . 
  it 's not really that the dust eater is powerful enough to be wielded by a # 1 , but rather that cassandra is powerful enough to not get herself killed using the technique . 
  the technique does fit with cassandra 's character , though . 
  a big part of the technique is keeping the secret of its ' details from becoming public knowledge and it reinforces cassandra as an introverted and private warrior . 
  clearly , the type 62 was camping too much and needed to play more actively . 
   can a prisoner refuse a vaccine , for instance ? 
  can a prisoner refuse medical care ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the exact legislation varies by state . 
  generally , prisoners can refuse medical treatment . 
  however , a judge can override this right and sanction forced feeding and medical treatment , if the prisoner 's right to refuse of treatment can be outweighed by the state 's * interest in preserving life * or ensuring institutional security in a prison . 
  ( note the emphasis ), 
  this makes the argument of the fetus ' designation as a person relevant . 
  the state has an interest in preserving the life of its ' people . 
  if the fetus is a person , a desire for abortion is a desire to to kill another person , providing grounds to imprison a mother who wants an abortion . 
  representing the rights of the unborn fetus , the state would have the authority to imprison the mother as a threat to the fetus ' right to life and force her to carry the child to term . 
  being pro-life , i do think letting the mother decide over the fetus ' right to live violates the fetus ' rights more than restricting the mother 's right to bodily autonomy for nine months would violate the rights of the mother . 
  of course , this entire argument hinges on whether or not the fetus is a person or not . 
  i would argue that a fetus advanced enough to be capable of reacting to outside stimuli is definitely a person , even if they 're unborn . 
  in the strategy genre , master of magic is a game that 's aged pretty well . 
  settlers 2 gold can also stand to be compared to modern strategy games . 
  did tanks normally move like that in ww2 already ? 
  i thought the whole practice of locking the turret to rear when in transit did n't become the norm until the cold war . 
  hm , seems like i expressed myself poorly in the op . 
  jensen 's agenda is n't strictly about stopping or reversing cyberization . 
  supporting the anti-cyberization movement in japan is just a means to an end for him . 
  jensen 's goal is to ensure cyberization advances the interests of all humanity , not just a narrow group like the illuminati . 
  there 's also the stand alone complex issue to consider , memetic attacks to subvert and control large segments of human population , because their manufactured cyberbrains share vulnerabilities . 
  could jensen plausibly convince motoko that humanity would be better off with the two of them manipulating world events in the right direction ? 
  you 're right about me not reading man machine interface . 
  i 've only seen the sac series . 
  as far as the timeline goes , i 've got a few ideas in mind for merging the two universes . 
  the big one being that i intend to push the start of the gits timeline forward about 20 years , to make room for the events of human revolution . 
  there 's global backlash against cyberization following the panchaea incident , followed by a severe recession that leads to ww3 , and things move forward following gits timeline in general , with adjustments as needed . 
  as far as the difference in technology goes , i intend to level the playing field a bit . 
  hr cybernetics are `` first wave '' cybernetics , gits cybernetics are second and third wave cybernetics , with motoko herself utilizing third wave tech . 
  some pieces of first wave cybernetics were very much ahead of their time , but the knowledge to produce them was classified into oblivion or lost entirely in the chaos of ww3 . 
  particularly advanced examples of first wave cybernetics ( like jensen ) are mostly on par with third wave tech , except for not being quite as reliable . 
  yeah , i have seen the premise of dr : md , which is why i 'm choosing to discard the md continuity entirely . 
  the de story as it ends with hr can transition into the gits story . 
  it 's after gits ww3 that humanity as a general whole accepts cyberization is the best way forward . 
  the story of de raises the point that powerful groups and individuals will undoubtedly attempt to use cyberization as a tool for increasing their power even further , deepening the divide between classes in society . 
  gits : sac 2nd gig also raises that same point : people with enough resources and knowledge can and will take advantage of cyberization to push their own ideology on people who would not willingly accept it . 
  jensen is a humanist , yes . 
  he is not afraid to sacrifice his own life to make sure the species-affecting decisions remain in the hands of humanity as a whole , rather than a limited clique . 
  he is also willing to sacrifice the lives of others that are not necessarily as willing , as seen from the ending where jensen scuttles the panachea facility with sarif , taggart and a number of other still trapped inside . 
  so what happens if jensen started to believe the only way to keep shadowy conspiracy groups from forming up and influencing humanity 's decisions to their own benefit , is to fill that power niche himself ? 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  though i generally dislike creating original characters in fanfiction , especially for universes like gits that already have a lot of deep characters available for use . 
  i 'm probably not going to write this crossover , but thanks for helping me get a better grasp on the major 's character . 
  might come in handy if i try to cross gits over with anything else . 
  there 's never enough good crossovers , and gits does n't have that many crossover stories to begin with . 
  yes , there are conversation options unlocked by magic . 
  there is an `` astral sense '' option in some conversations , which you automatically get if you have any spellcasting or summoning . 
  this generally only allows you to uncover additional information . 
  i seem to recall that in dragonfall ( and possibly hong kong ) , specific shaman totems let you use special conversation options from time to time . 
  shamans , with their combination of high charisma and summoning skills can occasionally help you bypass combat encounters through conversation options or environment interactions . 
  ** refrain ** - a highly addictive drug that allows people to experience vivid hallucinatory flashbacks of their best memories . 
  as such , it 's a powerful escape for anyone down on their luck , but ultimately a trap because the addiction and side effects would prevent them from ever putting their life back together . 
  most notably , all/most intelligent organic species are affected by it , while full synthetics are not . 
  meaning synthetics ( particularly radical groups ) can use it as a means to turn humans into unproductive addicts . 
  ( yes , this is completely stolen from code geass ), 
  the problem keeping it in cash is that then a cop who finds out about it can just decide to seize it . 
  based on their experience as a leo saying that only drug dealers have that much cash . 
  is that level 5 equipment on a level 1 character ? 
  how did you get this to happen , op . 
  because i definitely want to try and reproduce this . 
  any chance you could share the save ? 
  i would love to see for myself how visiting elves react to that rain ( if at all ) . 
  have you tried dwarf therapist ? 
  solved every problem i had with micromanaging labors from the df 's own ui . 
  i remember the blissful times when i thought slaugtherfish were just annoying . 
  then i encountered [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tflfd8gs1hy&amp;user=koubitz ) . 
  edit : no , the video is not mine . 
  no , it 's not me . 
  the storyline of returns ( dead man 's switch ) is generally inferior to the later ones , but it 's still worth playing , in my opinion . 
  since dms is not quite as good as the later two campaigns , i 'd recommend playing it first . 
  it only feels sub-par if you 're constantly comparing it to dragonfall and hong kong . 
  there is a fan-made port of dms for the dragonfall engine available on steam workshop , i think . 
  i do recommend it , because there are a number of annoying ui and gameplay mechanics that were fixed in dragonfall . 
  no mods are absolutely necessary . 
  though there is a great mod for df and hk that rebalances smg weapons so they 're not completely useless in the late-game . 
  no idea , sorry .
