  plenty of sources available to suggest that sudetenland germans were not oppressed in any way until the nazi party started spreading propaganda that they were . 
  exactly . 
  rossiya is not kill until we have corpse seen and of cremated it . 
  of great point !, 
  must also scatter ashes into pacific ocean . 
  as far as dinosaurs are concerned , i believe it links together with the pre-noah shortening of lifespans . 
  like reptiles , dinosaurs would grow throughout their entire lives . 
  as the lifespan of humans shortened , so did the lifespan of animals in parallel with humans . 
  thus dinosaurs stopped growing to their great sizes and the ecological changes that happened because of this caused them to go extinct * before * noah 's flood . 
  well , not necessarily a joke . 
  i 'm pretty sure this tank will be able to use some traditional `` corner '' positions as hull-down positions instead . 
  now that i think about it , i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i recall reading this interpretation at one time , and it made sense to me . 
  i do n't recall the specifics of what i read too well , outside the core idea i explained above . 
  i do recall that the author of that explanation referred to [ genesis 6:3 ] . 
  could you help me out , / u/versebot ? 
  i 'm not arguing the dinosaurs are still alive . 
  my interpretation of it is that the shortening of lifespans caused far-reaching ecological consequences , among them the extinction of dinosaurs . 
  especially when your oberon keeps using reckoning on manics . 
  the manic floats in the air , invulnerable , until reckoning wears off . 
   the europeans can not risk pissing off the u.s. and have the u.s. military retreat from the region and leave them open to russia 's military invasion . 
  you say `` europeans '' as if it was a homogenous group with clear-cut interests . 
  what you said is definitely true of the frontier countries of europe ( the baltics , poland , etc. 
  ) , which share a border with russia . 
  however , the french , germans and even the uk are more than capable of deluding themselves into thinking it 's worth handing the frontier countries back into russia 's sphere of influence in the name of better diplomatic and trade relations with russia . 
  that 's pretty strict , even for a military facility . 
  and it apparently has computers that can burn cds , so it ca n't be a nuclear facility . 
  i feel compelled to make a joke about someone like cpl fitting right in with military intelligence . 
  first things first : post your load order . 
  he 's not wrong , though . 
  a lot of estonia 's image is pr hype and nothing more . 
  sure , it 's true that we have had more success with making government services digital than other , more developed countries , but estonia has plenty of problems socially and economically , especially in the long term . 
  to name a few , an aging population , the failure to integrate soviet-era immigrants into estonian society and the decline of smaller towns and rural communities . 
  the government 's response to those problems is to point to successes in developing e-stonia and pretending everything is going to magically fix itself without government intervention as long as we maintain course with the e-stonia project . 
  except certain numbers clearly remain white after the switch . 
  but yeah , good enough for eli5 . 
  de alone knows in what order those display elements are processed by the code . 
  what rights are being overturned here , exactly ? 
  the problem with democracy here is that the people of greece voted strongly and consistently against any semblance of fiscally responsible policy . 
  as far as i know , the tax authorities in estonia do start looking into the $ 2500 initial capital and whether or not it has been actually provided once you start trying to pay out or reinvest dividends . 
  or if the company is going bankrupt . 
  i 've heard that opening a bank account is one of the few things you do need to physically go to estonia for . 
  it 's due to eu-level regulations put in place to combat money laundering . 
  nope . 
  that 's the sound of the baltic people establishing new caches of modern weapons into the forest . 
  it keeps the veterans buying plat for new slots , though . 
  slots are limited and they 'll be reluctant to sell their vaulted primes , because they wo n't be able to get them back if they want some variety in gameplay . 
  nice to see i 'm not the only one with that particular headcanon . 
  it totally makes sense for mec troopers to have a thought-to-audio module that can output directly into the radio transmitter . 
  just because they have that does n't have to take away their ability to speak normally . 
  besides , it 's basically canon that mec troopers form their own community within the xcom forces , as evidenced by the * bellator ex machina * badge . 
  it 's not a strech to assume that they 're purposely cultivating a `` badass cyborg '' image , with a stereotypical robot-voice being a part of the reputation they 're trying to live up to . 
  not only that , but the vote was not anonymous and there was the potential for consequences like being fired or getting demoted to a shit position if you did n't vote `` for '' . 
  as noted by others , it does n't glorify sin , but does n't condemn it either . 
  however , i found the honest hearts dlc to be exceptionally engaging to me . 
  it distinctly explores difficulties experienced by missionaries serving a primitive society and the moral dilemmas a missionary would have to deal with if their flock is threatened by an outsiders that ca n't be reasoned with . 
  23 % , more like . 
  latvia is the one with 40 % . 
  of course , the local russians currently all agree that while `` annexing crimea was the right thing to do '' , narva is `` definitely not the same kind of situation '' and they do n't want the same thing to happen there . 
  no , but it 's close enough that it easily relates to christianity . 
  in truth , it 's hard to tell the missionaries are mormon within the story of honest hearts . 
  it is certainly implied by a few subtle pieces of exposition , but it 's not too hard to imagine the missionaries belonging to any protestant branch of christianity . 
  the politicians stress the need for solidarity toward our allies . 
  we have putinoids to the east , and because of that we ca n't afford to burn any bridges in the west . 
  it 's not so much about supporting greece itself as it is about supporting the plans of germany , france and uk and making sure we do n't piss any of them off by being difficult allies . 
  the point being made is that the austerity reforms primarily punish the younger generation for the irresponsible spending that was done to win the votes of the older generations . 
  the problem with pd is that to take her into a lineup , i need to leave someone else behind . 
  pd is terrible as a healer , so i ca n't replace the party medic ( ves or occ ) with a pd . 
  pd has blight attacks against front and back rows , making her a potential replacement for gr or hwm , but pd has less raw damage output than either , ca n't disarm traps and blight and bleed are frequently resisted . 
  and naturally , pd fill the role of a tank or heavy damage dealer at all , so i ca n't replace those roles with a pd . 
  wait , does this imply it images earlier backups into the new image ? 
  because if so , then i can totally understand why the image is so massive . 
  as noted by others , dirk stab is great for resetting the position of other characters . 
  for instance , the hag is a cakewalk with a dstab jester + 2x holy lance crusader . 
  they taught this to us at estonian schools as well , since a big part of the intervention was supporting the baltic states ' wars of independence . 
  i 'm fairly certain ludo used to sell it , but i do n't know if they 're still in business . 
  you could also try brain games , last i knew , they had a store in tasku kaubamaja . 
  could be the shin armor is meant for protecting the shin during a kick , rather than protecting against incoming blows , in which case it sort-of makes sense not to have shin armor . 
  the extra weight on the thigh would make high kicks more difficult and reduce the speed behind them . 
  60 euros is definitely not enough for estonia . 
  just hotels begin at 60 $ a night , and that 's if you book ahead of time . 
  and that 's essentially the minimum you can expect to spend on hotels . 
  you 're not even remotely guaranteed to find a room at that price in bigger towns , where the demand is higher . 
  ca n't speak for any of the other countries , though . 
  looked at hotelliveeb.ee myself , which in hindsight probably only lists hotels . 
  the one from snapshot games , apparently . 
  not only is it under-estimating the number of hours a teacher works , it neglects to take into account that many of those hours are effectively unpaid work . 
  the majority of teachers i know have regularly had to prepare and grade tests in their off-hours , to get everything done on time . 
  does n't the average doctor get some kind of retirement plan from their employer ? 
  depends on the school , really . 
  i had a choice of english and russian for the first foreign language in 3rd grade ( chose english ) , and was forced into taking russian in 6th grade . 
  i also had the opportunity to take a third foreign language in 10th grade . 
  i remember i took german , and i remember that it was also perfectly fine not to take a 3rd foreign language at all , but i ca n't recall if there were other options besides german . 
  no , at least not in general , and it 's not commonly taught in schools either . 
  though i know there are estonians who learn swedish as adults . 
  not actually the ` correct ' order , compared to the estonian flag . 
  the order on the estonian flag would be black in the middle , white at the bottom . 
  additionally , it 's not the same tone of blue as the estonian flag . 
  unless the backing gives me an actual stake of ownership in the company , i am a customer , not an investor . 
  does n't , though ?
