  \\* - botched as in they actually had the agreement with congress , but had to request it again due to technicalities with the rushed documents and were denied the second time around . 
  let 's be honest : hyperinflation is n't something that just happens on accident because `` printing money goes out of control '' . 
  no , hyperinflation happens when the people in charge of printing money decide to go ahead with hyperinflation , usually in order to screw over their creditors ( or reparation treaty recipients , like how the germans after wwi went into hyperinflation : not by accident , but purposely to screw the french on the reparation payments ) . 
  well , yes , it obviously was n't that direct `` pay back reparations with paper we just print as much as we want '' . 
  i 'm not actually familiar with the underlying specifics myself , though i trust a political economics professor like mark blyth was n't just full of shit when he used post-ww1 germany as an example of hyperinflation always being a deliberate policy decision to screw over the french in one of his lectures . 
  and of course , they 'll immediately latch on to `` muh soviet saviors amerikkka irrelevant late-comer grabbing the glory '' to the nazi germany section . 
  except the soviet received the following ( spez : not an exhaustive list ) from america :, 
  * keeping japan fully occupied in the pacific , preventing the opening of a far-east front against the ussr . 
  without the american threat against japan , the russo-japanese non-aggression pact would n't have been worth the paper it was written on . 
  * 27 000 tonnes of nickel ( 75 % of ussr 's wartime supply ; used in the armor alloy of t-34 tanks ), 
  * 17 000 tonnes of molybdenum concentrate ( nearly 100 % of soviet supply , also required for high-quality armor alloy production ), 
  * over 50 000 tonnes of industrial electrodes used in steel production and processing . 
  * 140 000 tonnes of tool-quality steel , used to further expand soviet military production, 
  * 45 000 machining benches used in processing raw steel into guns , artillery and tanks . 
  * various western tanks , over 10 000 in total , critical to defensive operations while t-34 production was still being established . 
  * 2000 locomotives and 11 000 rail cars , allowing the soviets to abandon their own train and wagon production almost entirely , retooling the factories involved to tank production . 
  * the famous zis-2 anti-tank gun does n't exist without lend, 
  - lease , since only the precision machinery obtained through lend-lease was capable of milling that extremely long-barreled gun . 
  * over 600 million rifle-caliber rounds , over 500 million large-caliber machine gun rounds , 3 million 20mm aa shells , 18 million mortar shells, 
  * 375 000 transport trucks , delivering the ( american-provided ) ammo , from the rail stations ( and it got there on american-made trains ) to the front line . 
  * 50 000 officer jeeps , 16 000 tank radio sets , 29 000 infantry radio sets , 619 000 telephones and 1.9 million kilometers of telephone cable , without which the soviet command would be reduced to signal flags and signal fires for communication . 
  * 18 000 military aircraft of various types . 
  * aluminum and chromium alloys used in the production of native soviet metal airframes ( pe-2 ) . 
  * phenol solutions used to manufacture native soviet wooden airframes ( la-series aircraft ), 
  * soviet planes consumed over 3 million tonnes of aviation gas . 
  a third of this was manufactured in america . 
  the second third of it used high-octane fuel-additives , obtained entirely through lend-lease , to improve domestically produced fuel up to aviation standard . 
  the final third was manufactured in complex chemical factories manufactured in america , disassembled and shipped to the ussr and reassembled . 
  * 6300 tonnes of tetraehtyl lead , an antidetonation additive , covered the entire soviet aviation fuel production until the soviets developed their own ability to produce the material around 1950 . 
  and that pining is why russia 's neighbors will never trust or like russia unless they 're so far under the russian boot they have no choice . 
  de just sued a guy for doing that ( and publishing the results ) , actually . 
  huh . 
  so that 's why food poisoning is still common in my colony despite all the assigned cooks having a cooking skill higher than 6 . 
  probably because the mod handles elections through events . 
  because the generic election system is really clunky and does n't work half the time . 
  i 'd modify that : drink every time the ai spams enough lend lease requests to create a new notification row . 
  i think it goes deeper than that . 
  they view themselves as victims not because they were victimized and ca n't get out of that state for whatever reason , but rather because society ( and their parents ) have been trying to compensate and bias things in their favor every time they 've claimed to be a victim of something unfortunate as children . 
  they have been rewarded for being victims , and thus they 've learned a constant state of perceived victimhood is the way forward in life : they think that the more victimized they feel , the bigger the handicap society is obligated to provide for them to guarantee an equal opportunity compared to others . 
  really ? 
  you 've seen bernie sanders ' movement working ? 
  let alone together and cohesively ? 
   i personally would like to see a more eu4-style option to peace treaties . 
  this . 
  the game needs a peace conference that is n't `` winner take all '' . 
  maybe before capitulation , the losing faction leader can offer conditional surrender , where the peace conference is limited to 1 round for every 10 % that their faction losing the war by . 
  the other side 's faction naturally has the option of refusing conditional surrender and pushing for total capitulation . 
  i heard someone on reddit describe the actual situation really well : true left socialists had their name kind of tainted after all the tyranny and repression of the actual socialist dictatorships , so they started calling themselves liberals and basically pulled the rug out from under the actual liberals in the process . 
  and as the socialists continued to push for `` liberal '' globalism they eventually tainted the `` liberal '' label and moved on to calling themselves `` progressives '' . 
  and surprise surprise , the `` progressive '' label is also tainted now . 
  socialists are fucking cancer . 
  not really . 
  i mean , if you push the entire faction to 100 % capitulation , you still get the `` winners take all '' peace conferences . 
  but , a `` partial surrender '' would enable things like britain offering to let germany keep france , if their situation in north africa is terrible enough and america has n't joined yet . 
  and the german ai could be coded into accepting it if they are n't doing too well against the soviets . 
  eh , i 'm still using windows , but i 've long decided i can accept the loss of a few games for when they finally drop support for windows 7 and i 'll have to switch to linux . 
  many great games like factorio still work . 
  mods man . 
  mods can do anything !, 
  ( except fix missiles ) . 
  the problem with the rich is n't necessarily that there are n't enough taxes imposed on them . 
  more often it 's the issue of having too many legal loopholes that their hired lawyers and tax accountants use to weasel their way out of paying the taxes they 're supposed to owe . 
  solving the issue of capital flight is a tough one , though . 
  option a is reinstating international capital controls and returning to keynesian models of relatively closed economies . 
  option b is actively shutting down all tax havens through ultimatums threatening economic ( or even military ) action . 
  either way , it 's going to be a new economic order for the world . 
   most willing to leave, 
  that 's exactly the issue . 
  to resolve that , we either need to take away their ability to take their money with them as they leave , threaten the tax havens into not accepting these fleeing rich , or threaten the tax havens into having as high tax rates as ours . 
  because we ca n't tax our way out of the whole healthcare and pension growth issue that 's looming as the baby boomers reach retirement age . 
  i suppose we could also just completely shaft the older generations and say we 're not going to pay for their retirement and healthcare . 
  because cuts to those two enormous expenses are the only ones that are actually going to make a difference . 
  well , calling it now : eventually , * someone * is going to dig this out from the depths of the internet and claim it 's a real proposal as a way of accusing estonia of being fascist . 
  looks like someone has never played chess at a competition level . 
  i used to compete a few years in high-school , and it completely ruined the satisfaction of playing with friends and family . 
  i 'd take a loss against a competent opponent over a thoroughly unsatisfying win against an opponent that has n't even studied what qualifies as a serious opening strategy . 
  the media was publicly dismissing it as a conspiracy theory . 
  then the dress showed up ; then and only then did the media fall silent and * start * ignoring the scandal completely . 
  lw2 also adds armor items that give troops `` ablative '' hit points , and losing those does n't inflict hospital time , much like in eu/ew . 
  and lw2 also thoroughly reworks how crits , misses and grazes work , in a way that prevents hc + hunker soldiers from being critted , and makes it very likely that shots which are low-percentage to begin with only graze even if they hit , rather than being guaranteed crits . 
  not always . 
  in the very early game , when wt is still low , they ca n't guarantee poland , because their focus tree is n't that far along and wt is n't past the guarantee threshold yet . 
  and the allies * wo n't * guarantee fascist nations , with the sole exception of the us having a `` free '' guarantee for every central-american state on game start , including that fascist minor in central america . 
  heck , even statistics lump together `` high school or less '' as a homogenous group that is republican-leaning . 
  except it 's a bit of a sham , because `` less than high school education '' ( i.e , high-school dropouts ) are actually overwhelmingly democrat . 
  they would n't even have that , because the counties of ca that produce all those grapes and almonds , are deep red on the election maps . 
  available in estonia , though . 
  edit : dd final boss spoiler warning for link below !, 
  the worst ? 
  who on earth is posting [ that kind of nonsense ] ( https://youtu.be/tgstzth8308?t=15m42s ) ? 
  yeah . 
  bordergore should lead to automatic creation of independent realms . 
  `` fuck you !, 
  we 'd rather let the prethoryn kill everyone than be powerless puppets to you assholes forever ! '', 
  the implication is ultimately that there are some government policies which the american voters will not be permitted to affect through electing representatives to change them , and that in my opinion is a rather terrifying admission about government supremacy over the will of the people . 
  ehh ... it 's a bit of an edge case for older players who have taken long breaks from the game and possibly `` missed '' new mods when they were first introduced ( and more common then because of that ) . 
  other than that , accurate assessment . 
  you have been banned from / r/pyongyang . 
  only one korea exists : glorious leader 's best korea !, 
  they only fixed japan trying to gobble up all of china ( and not having enough points , resulting in bordergore ) , and post-fix japan only takes the chinese coast as direct territory , puppeting the rest .
