  although , i probably should disclose that i 'm not from the us myself . 
  i am estonian , living in the * republic * of estonia . 
  we have no senate , and our equivalent of house is elected every four years . 
  our executive is appointed by our house , and we essentially lack a monarchy component . 
  are you saying , then , that estonia is not a republic ? 
  if it is n't a republic , then what is it ? 
  in any case , the main reason i have a beef with the original argument being thrown out like that is the fact that it 's a deflection , not a real argument . 
  an effort to redirect the debate into a discussion over what 's proper terminology and what is n't , because one side is out of substantial arguments against their opponent . 
   my native language is dutch . 
  in dutch there 's actually no way to say `` i am offended '' , fun fact . 
  another fun language fact : in estonian ( my native language ) there is no word for `` offensive '' at all * . 
  the entire concept translates directly to the `` insulting '' ( solvav ) concept . 
  but some concepts work the other way too . 
  a very common expression is `` ma ei viitsi '' , which expresses `` i 'm feeling too lazy ( to do something ) '' . 
  but there is direct match for the verb `` viitsima '' in english . 
  ^ ( * there is a direct translation for `` offensive '' , but it refers only to the noun version of the word , meaning the military concept of `` an offensive '' . ), 
  edit : a word, 
  the documentary `` singing revolution '' is a rather good one . 
  mandatory request for tiger i buff of some kind . 
  ^ ( i 'll lose my wehraboo card if i do n't ), 
  probably to a soft stat like track performance or camo rating . 
  besides running away like a little girl and coming back later ? 
  not much , i 'm afraid . 
  the ai cheats with magicka regen and wards . 
  they can keep up a ward indefinitely if they do n't cast other spells , and it takes quite a bit of holding up a ward while casting fireballs before they reach a point where they have to stop casting fireball to keep up their wards . 
  if alchemy is part of your character 's skillset , you can try making poisons that damage magicka or magicka regen . 
  yeah , it does sound just as weird . 
  to an estonian ear , finnish has this kind of ... song - or poetry-like quality . 
  kind of like a really drunk estonian singing karaoke and messing it up so bad you ca n't understand anything or even recognize a melody . 
  figure out ? 
  more likely than you think . 
  an id is worthless if one of your relatives flat out recognizes you . 
  so that 's what a foot stomp looks like from below ... 
  yes , it 's possible for a good chancellor to fabricate a duchy claim , if they get lucky . 
  afaik , kingdom and empire claims can not be fabricated in this way , though it might be possible via plot . 
  for bows v crossbows , bows are ultimately the more reliable option as you get into the later stages of the game , when facing enemies you stand no chance at one-shotting . 
  the damage of bows scales up better than that of crossbows . 
  high-level crossbows will still do more burst damage than high-level bows , but the bows will have better dpm thanks to their higher rate of fire . 
  the slowdown while reloading a heavy crossbow can also leave you open for a devastating counterattack , while bows only slow you down while you 're firing . 
  i have never used the conjured bow , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  definitely not . 
  i suspect it has a lot to do with what cultural background you 're coming from . 
  for me ( i 'm estonian ) , a russian accent is one of the biggest turnoffs there is and i 've never heard any estonians saying a russian accent sounds sexy . 
  actually , no . 
  now that i think about it , i do recall a couple people i know of referring to russian accents of english as sexy . 
  but never russian accents of estonian . 
  the only game i 've ever preordered was sword of the stars 2 ( oct 2011 launch ) . 
  for those who 've never heard of it : complete fiasco of a launch . 
  they were putting out weekly bugfix patches until something like may 2012 and the game was n't really enjoyable to play until the enhanced edition dlc came out . 
  though in the devs defense , they did give the dlc for free to anyone who bought the game before the dlc came out as an apology for the terrible , terrible launch . 
  never again ... except i bought starbound early access . 
  but yeah . 
  never again , will i fall for all that hype . 
  and yet so very often in high school , i failed math tests because i 've got the right answer in a `` wrong '' way . 
  basically , a lot of air encounters have been dummied out of the geoscape view , so the casuals would n't get confused by the air war , trying to stop all the simultaneous abduction mission ufos coming in . 
  the game hides all ufos with a certain mission profile ( anything that results in a ufo landing , abduction or terror missions ) . 
  the really funny thing is , the ufos still spawn in the game . 
  several mods ( including lw ) have restored the dummied out functionality . 
  for an in-universe explanation : alien psionic magic !, 
  axe + body = body parts . 
  they 're just manly enough that they never need to know anything more specific . 
  easy enough . 
  find the event that causes this to happen in the files , and alter it so its ' trigger conditions are never fulfilled ( i.e , require that the date has to be at least [ last day of ck2 timeline ] ) . 
  someone other than the general as field commander ? 
  heresy !, 
  jokes aside , it 's a very fitting choice . 
  it 's not just the temperature or the g-forces of reentry . 
  it 's the air friction stripping away the outer layers of the bullet at the high velocities of reentry ( temperature does play a part in this process , of course ) . 
  although , yes , with special materials , it might be possible to create a bullet capable of surviving reentry . 
  but as noted elsewhere in the thread , it 's a moot point . 
  no modern firearms are capable of producing anywhere near the bullet velocity needed for the bullet to escape the moon 's influence . 
  i suspect that 'd be rather anticlimactic . 
  just the empire putting down a minor bunch of beer hall revolutionaries in the province of germania and crucifying the leader ... 
  and now hitler 's a martyr . 
  good job , romans . 
  the long war mod especially so . 
  sure , the aliens are much tougher , but every tough mission ( of which you get several each in-game month ) is equivalent to the hfy emotion of a very good short story on this sub . 
  makes sense . 
  the effect of the relays is the same as disabling shot ( sans damage ) , which also does nothing to psi powers ( or grenades , or rocket launchers , or ~ ~ mechtoid ~ ~ sectopod secondary weapons ), 
  edit : corrected a big mistake, 
  have to disagree . 
  clearing the second-month supply barge with six troops and shotguns says hfy a lot better . 
  is [ estonia ] ( http://www.camopedia.org/index.php?title=estonia ) allowed to come as well , then ? 
  somewhere between 3k and 4k games , despite having started playing before the introduction of fall-physics and drowning . 
  i 've gotten so frustrated with the game , that i 've just stopped actively playing . 
  the biggest was the first first time , am update or two before physics , after the massive disappointment with tiger i. 
  abandoned the game entirely for about a year . 
  right now , i 'm largely content with watching streamers and youtubers for my weekly wot dose . 
  played again recently to check out the personal missions . . not going to keep playing . 
  or when looking for mining veins with the help of the uesp map . 
  sorry ... brainfart on my part . 
  i meant sectopods . 
  mindfray alone is also very useful . 
  it gives a significant accuracy debuff . 
  meant sectopods , sorry . 
  mechtoids , sectoids , sectopods . 
  who can keep track of all those anyway ? 
  there was a comic about eesti and finland loving each other . 
  ca n't seem to find it though . 
  that 's the one .
