  instead of selecting an era , select custom game directly in the bottom of the first screen . 
  i 've been playing aw and i think it 's plenty fun . 
  it is n't wot , and many staple tactics from wot do n't work . 
  as long as you accept it 's a different game that plays differently , it 's quite fun . 
  if you keep insisting the game must be `` wot , but with modern tank skins '' then obviously you get rekt by players who have bothered to learn proper tactics for aw . 
  not a lawyer or anything , but i can answer the straightforward questions . 
   should i pay salary for developers and what taxes should i pay then ? 
   is it possible to pay salary to foreigners ? 
  definitely pay them a salary . 
  the tax people are cracking down hard on having someone working for you as an employee , but formalizing the employment as something else ( like `` buying a service '' ) . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not sure how exactly the taxes work with a company like that . 
  i think it will make a difference if the employees are living in estonia with a work-visa or working remotely from their own country using the internet . 
   am i allowed to pay salary for myself ? 
  yes , you are allowed pay yourself a salary . 
  most likely your would make a board member 's contract with your own company , and get paid a salary based on that . 
  however , if you 're not too concerned about having a stable income , then you should know that you pay the least taxes on dividends . 
  make sure to only pay dividends out of your company 's net profit , though . 
  otherwise the tax office can claim it 's a salary payment and demand additional taxes from the payment . 
  for countries in eastern europe , it 's less about monetary reasons and more about us military presence deterring russia from attempting another crimea-style annexation or a transnistria-style frozen conflict . 
  except mbts are pretty much blind without afv spotters and have no camo to speak of . 
  well , as far as local estonian news go , this looked like an `` estonians are racist '' scandal ... for about three hours , until an official press representative of the estonian military said there have been no formal complaints by any of the allied troops . 
  and soon after , the conclusions became : it was most likely the local russian fifth column attempting to provoke stuff . 
  since there continues to be no formal complaint for the police to investigate , the air force chief 's words are nothing more than a rumor , which the liberals are attempting to use to discredit the conservative/nationalist party without any substantial evidence . 
  i think remove kama would be more fitting for estonia . 
  rosolje is more of a russian dish . 
  ah , i regularly search `` estonia '' for reddit posts/news relating to my country . 
  with a few extra filters to see only results from the past week . 
  as soon as i saw the words `` season pass '' for fallout 4 , my brain 's response was `` yarrr ! '', 
  and i removed the game from my steam wishlist . 
  ** you have heard of this merchant before because **, 
  * they gouge outrageous prices if their customers have no alternatives . 
  * they are exceptionally wealthy , surpassing even the local ruler . 
  * they have donated gold to noble causes in the past . 
  * they are known in certain circles to buy items without asking where they came from, 
  * they are known to hire ruthless thugs to go after debtors . 
  * they are said to have made their first fortune by illegally minting coins . 
  yeah . 
  there definitely needs to be a change that makes muslim realms less stable . 
  say , pretenders having events that give them event spawned troops if the join/lead a faction war to put them on the throne . 
  no , it 's not . 
  just everyone who actually got the thing ( or had it from earlier leaks ) had it forcibly replaced with a legendary core . 
  in the alert itself , it 's replaced with a potato . 
  did n't you build a tunnel through that moat ? 
  so basically , what needs to happen is more powerful independence faction revolts . 
  somehow make it easier for the caliph 's vassals/siblings to create sultanates within the realm , and motivate them to break independent of the caliphate if they even slightly dislike the liege ? 
  are you trying to give stuff to teammates in your safehouse or when you actually take the train/whatever to the mission ? 
  you can only give stuff to teammates when you 've already selected the team and committed to the mission . 
  then , in the pre-mission loadout screen , where you prepare your own loadout , you can swap to other characters . 
  note that some companions already have a full loadout of their own equipment , with no available slots for their stuff . 
  it would also help to know which shadowrun game you 're talking about and whether or not it 's a player-made story you 're playing . 
  for instance , the special goo-shotgun in the final mission of dms can not be loaned to other teammembers . 
  only the player character , the guy with the facepaint , and the optional generic special forces soldier can use it . 
  at this point , it seems like your game is bugged more than anything . 
  all i can think of is to try verifying the local content through steam . 
  giving a -20 penalty to dodging melee attacks seemed like a good houserule , though i originally introduced it to my games to make parrying a viable option . 
  also , i 'm not certain if this was a houserule or not , but i recall melee attacks doing full damage to horde magnitude with each hit , while non-grenade ranged attacks only did 1 magnitude damage per hit , assuming the hit actually got through armor and toughness . 
  ninja edit : oh , and hordes were not allowed to dodge at all . 
  again , not sure if that was a houserule or not . 
  do n't demonspawn get that automatically when they come of age ? 
  i take two issues with that computerphile video . 
  first is how it glorifies ballot voting and puts it on a pedestal that it really should n't be on . 
  it 's perfectly possible to do election fraud on a large scale , even with ballot elections ; every dictatorship going through the democratic motions of an election does it . 
  second , it holds online voting to a high standard of trust that ballot elections are rarely being held to in practice . 
  this is particularly glaring with the part about voting fraud . 
  as for vote-buying , the estonian system has that figured out as well . 
  yes , you can be compelled to show how you voted on your computer . 
  and five minutes after showing `` proof '' , you can vote again , overriding all earlier votes . 
  they take away your id card to prevent this ? 
  go to the ballot station on election day with another id like your passport ; registering there voids your online vote . 
  take away all of your id ? 
  both of the above can be reported to the police , and will doubtless be detected if done on a large scale . 
  same as with large-scale attempts of ballot fraud . 
  and yet the video seems to imply that even a single instance of a fraudulent vote is unacceptable for e-voting , while ballot voting remains secure since it meets the `` fraud does n't scale well '' standard . 
  as a european , i find it astonishing how there is a minimum threshold higher than 0 . 
  are you expecting drunks to miraculously just know what their bac is before they get into a car ? 
  estonian . 
  flat zero tolerance here . 
  ah , then melee and grenade attacks doing full damage to magnitude was the houserule my group used . 
  with ranged attacks using raw . 
  let 's be honest , part of the cause is the sheets of paper leo1a5 uses as armor . 
  the mantlet is the only part that can bounce anything , and even then it 's unreliable . 
  as for the damage , i can totally see he pen , ammorack crit and marked by afv doing that much damage . 
  it was n't a oneshot , after all . 
  and the moment something bad happens in the us and that confidence stops being universal , everything falls apart . 
  got it for christmas 2013 . 
  not anymore there is n't . 
  see : global warming . 
  the coa dlcs break down in general every time a new one is released . 
  because the game assumes you have all of them , and if you do n't , then everything else gets offset . 
  or he 's just a tyrant concerned first and foremost with preserving his own power . 
  the first attack against japan was an attempt at expanding the empire . 
  since a medieval culture simply can not imagine how powerful our modern weapons are without seeing them in action , they were horribly unprepared . 
  the second attack on alnus was the empire sending in its ' vassals and allies against the japanese . 
  the only point of that attack , was to weaken the empire 's vassals , so they would n't rebel against the empire . 
  the only one in the empire who has seen japanese weapons in action is pina and since she 's a woman , her words are dismissed as feminine hysteria and defeatism . 
  japan , on the other hand , ca n't hope to conquer the empire . 
  as brutal as the empire is , the empire maintains order in the special region . 
  the japanese can wipe out the empire 's armies , but they would be stretched far too thin to keep order in the sr the way the empire did . 
  think the `` marauders attacking italica '' episodes/chapters , except everywhere in the empire . 
  on top of that , there are the political implications in `` our '' world if japan is percieved as being brutal conquerors by the general public .
