   you repeat speculation as if it 's truth and question why others do n't just drink the kool-aid . 
  and i roll my eyes at how the same people that proclaim all the baseless sexual allegations against trump as truth can refuse to assume the worst when reading the leaked podesta emails . 
  as for evidence :, 
  [ obstruction of justice ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/9545 ) ( the email is dated after the subpoena ; they had no authority to `` hold '' anything ), 
  [ election fraud i ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/57gyy8/holy_shit_fellas_vicechairman_of_george_soros/ ) ( details connection between soros , a major clinton donor , and the companies providing electronic voting machines ; a clear conflict of interests ), 
  [ election fraud 2 ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-26/texas-county-enacts-emergency-paper-ballots-after-software-glitch-voting-machines ) ( an example of these voting machines `` glitching '' in favor of clinton ), 
  [ illegal collusion ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/38478 ) ( donna brazile of the dnc sending clinton staffers a question that was later painted as `` spontaneous audience question '' by media ), 
  well yes , ekre is n't nearly as cozy with russia as ke is , but some of their statements about willingness to cooperate on some specific topics have shaken my support of them . 
  no doubt they will be able to import clean water at significant cost . 
  thanks for bringing this to my attention . 
  that , and trying to find the articles where one of the helmes talked about cooperation with russia debunked my misinformed impression . 
  i 'm not sure why i had the impression ekre did n't have a strong anti-russia stance . 
  possibly their willingness to cooperate with pro-russian right-wing movements of germany and other west european countries ? 
  possibly some biased opinion article i read and did n't bother to verify ? 
  at any rate , thanks for helping me figure out the truth in this matter . 
  germany was absolutely not the instigator of ww1 . 
  they were merely joined in due to alliance obligations to austria-hungary . 
  the war itself was n't caused by economic conflicts , but by a fundamental failure of the international diplomacy system of the era . 
  the outcome of the war in the form of the versaille treaty however , was strictly dictated by the french and british economic and geo-strategic desire to weaken germany . 
  it 's worth noting that there are instances in lore , where people go insane and fall to chaos after finding out some particularly disturbing truth . 
  this is mostly explained with the source of the knowledge : it 's the source of the knowledge that is tainted by the warp or pure , not the knowledge itself . 
  gaining a piece of forbidden lore from reading a warp-tainted tome is more dangerous than reading the same knowledge off a purified , servitor-transcribed record of some chaos lunatic 's interrogation rant . 
  likewise , a chaos sorcerer 's monologue on something , backed with their warp-charged voice , is far more corruptive than an inquisitor or a senior adept explaining the nature of chaos impassionately and through the lens of imperial faith . 
  not the guy you fixed it for , but not the case for my locale . 
  literally have natural springs coming out of the ground here . 
  free public use resource . 
  straight from podesta 's emails : [ `` bernie needs to be ground to a pulp . 
  we ca n't start believing our own primary bullshit . 
  '' ] ( https://www.wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/40401 ), 
  not an excuse that works in estonia or the baltics , though . 
  as nato countries , all three have largely phased out soviet equipment . 
  not to mention they never had much in the way of tanks to begin with . 
  as far as the handful of btrs still in service go , it 's far easier for the baltics to demonstrate everything is still accounted for . 
  their militaries do n't have the corruption , administrative negligence or deliberate record destruction issues the ukrainian military had after deposing the puppet regime . 
  armed resistance in the baltics had essentially ended by 1960 . 
  before the second world war , they were young democracies that turned authoritarian to prevent communists or fascists from rising into power democratically on the wave of general economic dissatisfaction caused by the great depression . 
  can confirm . 
  drag a bucket . 
  there 's still a way around it : if they can construct , they will cut down trees ( and produce wood ) when clearing obstructions . 
  possibly ... powerful bishop duchies that they want to keep control of ? 
  or even just the ability to get rid of any unwanted heirs by making them bishops ? 
  do you want tension generation to stop from just countries capitulating to you , or do you want to remove all tension increase from capitulations ? 
  / u/muller1995 's suggestion will remove tension generation from capitulation entirely . 
  if you want it to only happen to the player 's country , then the best solution is probably making it so the capitulation event that fires for the player reduces tension after the fact . 
  and for the sake of completion : does n't disinherit any pagans ( norse , slavic , etc. ), 
  or muslims . 
  one major tool was traps , they would lay traps with bait to wound or immobilize the bear , before attacking it directly to finish it off . 
  another tactic was attrition : they would shadow the bear and keep waking it up from a safe distance when it tried to sleep , until it was so exhausted it would n't wake up when they approached it and finished it off with spears . 
  these two tactics were often used in tandem : a bear with a bleeding wound from a trap is easier to track and shadow , and it gets tired much faster than a healthy bear . 
  i can definitely confirm the part about long lines that come with single-payer healthcare . 
  the healthcare in my country comes out of salary taxes and the only way to get professional medical attention without a month-minimum wait time is to end up in the er with an immediately life-threatening issue . 
  not to mention if you develop a medical issue late in the year ( october or later ) , then you can expect your treatment to be postponed until january because this year 's single-payer health insurance budget is already tapped out . 
  and if you 're not employed , retired or a minor , you can just forget about healthcare and expensive medicines unless you 're willing to pay everything out of your own pocket . 
  and most insultingly : the government continues to insist that the healthcare system has room for `` internal measures '' to make do with the existing budget . 
  which is basically code for `` stop buying frivolous equipment ( like replacing gurneys that have `` made in the ussr '' stamped on them ) and do more unpaid overtime '' . 
  i dunno about that . 
  for a corrupt politician in prison , there 's always the hope some corruptible politician gets the presidency in the future and they can buy a pardon from the next corrupt administration with the money they have stashed away in some sheltered bank account . 
  not as common as you might think . 
  failed bear hunts with casualties probably did happen and bears did on rare occasions attack isolated gatherers that wandered too far from camp . 
  in the end though , polar bears had easier prey available than the biggest apex predator on the planet . 
  the way humans , even in hunter-gatherer societies , organized into tribes and built camps made them fairly safe from all lesser predators , including polar bears . 
  the main threats to a tribal clan ( among any tribe , really , not just inuits ) , were other tribes/clans , the environment and unsuccessful food gathering during warm seasons . 
  clans did n't fail because they got overwhelmed by bears or wolves . 
  if it came to the point that a clan got wiped out by lesser predators , then the clan had already failed for some other reason , and their numbers had dwindled to the point that the clan was already doomed to die out to starvation or inbreeding . 
  if a polar bear was starved , rabid or just bold enough to try attacking a tribal camp , it was put down in short order . 
  killing an immediate threat like a manhunting bear was a much higher priority for the tribe than attempts to safely hunt bears for meat . 
  the bear may have killed a humans or two before it went down , but in the end the bear would have been overwhelmed with numbers in every such encounter . 
  estonia . 
  benefit of doubt . 
  unlike the current fbi investigation , corporate media was n't forced to pick up the pedo-stuff . 
  after having read the rps article , particularly the analysis of decompiled parts , i find i actually agree with them in that the relationship initiation and attraction system probably needs serious tweaking . 
  even if i do n't agree with the tone of the article , or the way it all suggests the developers should conform to pc bullshit ideals of how relationships work . 
  naturally , it would be nice to hear tynan 's side on this . 
  i 'm sure there were balance and optimization considerations that went into making the system . 
  my thoughts on the ancestor fight before the heart : if * the thing * is the origin of existence , as the narration implies , then why would it need the ancestor 's corpse or his allegiance to recreate an eldritch replica of him ? 
  after all , the ancestor originated from it in the first place . 
   estonia - hillary went there and consumed four glasses of vodka . 
  if you thought she struggled when walking , you should have seen her then . 
  brain-damaged and alcoholic , not presidential . 
  bill did n't really help make estonia safe when they became a country , and hillary did n't do anything good either . 
  well , at least this is where hillary made her first and only positive foreign policy accomplishment : drinking john mccain under the table . 
  not really a debate : if your ethics allow it , conquer . 
  otherwise observe . 
  the class name is taken from the empire 's own namelist , afaik . 
  had the same event chain and took the same path . 
  fair warning : the ship is n't as powerful as the strength rating suggests . 
  it gets easily overwhelmed by corvettes and destroyers . 
  on the other hand : it 's very good against starbases and mining stations , giving you the ability to basically oneshot these defensive installations at long range . 
  in my opinion , it is n't really about emulating or `` bringing back '' some bygone era of greatness . 
  it 's about making our own , new period of greatness that matches or even surpasses previous periods of greatness ( reagan , kennedy , fdr ) in prosperity , stability and liberty . 
  right now , we have americans afraid of supporting a presidential candidate , because some people on the other side are so violent they 'll [ attack them for it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lqoq92ghsu ) . 
  and then the `` moderate '' people on the other side , even if they are n't violent enough to attack opponents themselves just laugh and say `` well , they deserved it for supporting that racist '' . 
  as an estonian who 's looked into starting a game development studio , i 've looked into this kind of thing myself and the $ 2500 startup capital part is n't quite as straightforward . 
  again , not to be construed as legal advice , same as / u/helloyesthisisduck 's statements . 
  yes , you do n't immediately have to transfer the capital to the company bank-account when you register the company . 
  and yes , you can be held liable for that amount if the company goes bankrupt . 
  but in addition , you ca n't take dividends out of the company until you have transferred the startup capital into the company . 
  how the liability/requirement really works in practice according to a businessman i 've talked to , is that you transfer the starting $ 2500 capital to the company bank account before you want to pay out dividends or when the bankruptcy proceedings start , whichever comes first . 
  if you 're transferring equipment or intellectual property ( existing code , art assets , etc. ), 
  as the startup capital , then you probably need to have it evaluated by an independent party .
