  ca n't find the full explanation at the moment , but here 's the short version :, 
  the mental break mechanic is fully intended toward punish you for letting the mental break happen in the first place . 
  rimworld 's stress system is balanced around the player preventing breaks from happening in the first place . 
  the devs directly said that the stress system balance is where they want it to be right now . 
  if you 're having mental breaks so often that they 're pissing you off and you find yourself wishing they were n't as dangerous , or that you had better ways of managing them , then you 're doing something wrong . 
  probably rushing expansion too much and not letting the colonists have enough joy time and enough variety in possible activities . 
  also : raid difficulty is primarily linked to colony wealth . 
  if your colony is economically stagnant , then the raid difficulty increases very slowly even on higher difficulties . 
  [ this article ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/1469-8219.00078/abstract;jsessionid=f43ef78dce67d1ab8b7e54842a169476.f02t01?systemmessage=wiley+online+library+will+be+unavailable+on+saturday+3rd+september+2016+at+08.30+bst%2f+03%3a30+edt%2f+15%3a30+sgt+for+5+hours+and+sunday+4th+september+at+10%3a00+bst%2f+05%3a00+est%2f+17%3a00+sgt+for+1+hour++for+essential+maintenance.+apologies+for+the+inconvenience ) may be of interest to you , though it is paywalled . 
  it 's one of the sources for the wikipedia page on the [ estonian national awakening ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_national_awakening ) . 
  the era from 1870-1900 constituted the second wave of the estonian national awakening . 
  the first wave of the awakening ( 1820-1869 ) had seen estonian culture turn away from accepting the cultural hegemony of baltic german culture and instead estonians started to actively recognize their own , distinct cultural identity . 
  an imperial effort to russify its ' provinces ( like estonia ) began in the 1880s , in order to assimilate the minority cultures across the empire and make russia more homogenous from a cultural perspective . 
  this shattered the previously positive view estonian intellectuals had of imperial russia , and resulted in the awakening taking on more political dimensions , eventually leading to a push for national independence in the tail end of the first world war . 
  as far as the year 1888 specifically goes , i 've failed to find any specific events regarding that year . 
  as far garments of that era go , [ this wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1880s_in_western_fashion ) may be of use to you . 
  though it should be noted that estonia as a periphery was not as wealthy as mainstream western fashion centers were . 
  as such the garments in estonia would have been simpler , and likely even outdated , compared to the latest fashions in paris or london . 
  in fact , given the estonian cultural identity associating itself with common roots , simpler , more practical garments were themselves a cultural statement . 
  i also recommend researching estonian national dress , as most `` traditional '' estonian garments originate from the national awakening era . 
  or they immediately got live another life and ever went through the hassle that is the original intro ( at least not on a legal copy of the game ) . 
  what would it take to figure out of the z-score is universal or not ? 
  lots of data points in different tanks ? 
  big hyperbolic title , even if the news is somewhat exciting . 
  the drone flew across the gulf of finland , which is a rather narrow section of the baltic sea . 
  which in turn is practically an inland sea and not an `` ocean '' by any stretch of the imagination . 
  probably a bug . 
  it 's possible their animal skill was so high from character generation , that it wrapped around . 
  consider , for a moment , the recent attempts to audit us military spending showed the us military accounting book has `` lost '' a considerable sum of money that its ' accounting documents are completely unable to explain where the money has gone . 
  that missing amount is to the tune of $ 6.5 trillion . 
  in 2015 alone . 
  $ 75000 out the window is absolutely peanuts for the dod . 
  edit : [ here 's a link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-audit-army-iduskcn10u1ig ) . 
  it 's teresa that is broken beyond imagination . 
  it 's entirely possible that rosemary would have been weaker than isley and riful ( afaik , luciela did n't become an abyssal until after rosemary ) . 
  we just never got the chance to see a comparison . 
  except there is no `` tomb world colonization '' technology to colonize the planet in the first place . 
  the only way to colonize tomb worlds is to uplift a native species with tomb world preference and build colony ships with their pops . 
  huh . 
  so it 's possible to select a synth pop for the colony ship ? 
  that 's something i did n't know . 
  the last time i played with robots was back when you could pre-build bots on unowned planets in preparation for the colony . 
  any of the three baltics is reasonably interesting , especially with historical focus on . 
  you 're up against the clock of soviets demanding annexation from you in 39/40 . 
  you have to conquer the other two baltics before then , and carefully time your joining the axis to trick the soviets into breaking the pact with germany . 
  from there , with a bit of cheese , you can trick germany into attacking the onion from your territory , thus giving you tons of occupation score . 
  it 's also worth noting that militant opposition to communism was a big part of nazi ideology , and as important as the racial aspects of it . 
  the nazi party initially rose to prominence through arming itself and fighting the communist mobs that were attacking the homes and businesses of their political enemies in the weimar republic . 
  reducing nazism to its racist aspects is n't giving enough credit to why people and nations were attracted to it , or just willing to surrender to it over the alternatives . 
  the big issue with supplying the eastern front was rail transport . 
  the russian rail gauge is different from the west european gauge , and the russians evacuated or destroyed their locomotives as they retreated . 
  supplies from germany had to change trains in poland , and there were n't enough locomotives to go around on the eastern side of this exchange . 
  we 're beyond that , unfortunately . 
  soviet propaganda was so unsubtle that only a handful of delusional bureaucrats bought into it . 
  it was just fear of the kgb and the gulags that made people pretend that the propaganda was true . 
  not even the kgb power structure did more than pay lip service to the ideology that was giving them money and power . 
  in that , the communist party and the democrat party are similar : they are both a political protection racket , trying to seize the wealth produced by honest people for themselves . 
  however , far more people genuinely believe the bullshit spewed by the msm than ever bought into the communist propaganda of the ussr . 
  how about this tidbit of information : over 50 % of the people who met clinton in official capacity when she was secstate were donators to the clinton foundation . 
  in particular , some saudi prince was initially denied a meeting with clinton by the state department . 
  then he donated to the foundation and a meeting took place two days later . 
  they had over-engineered-everything . 
  sometimes this produced good results and technology that was ( at the time ) considerably ahead of the allies ( pziii , type viic subs ) . 
  but ultimately the highly politicized process of their military industry collapsed into stupid rivalries between its ' key figures . 
  making designs that impressed hitler and his advisors became more important than actually being able to produce the design in numbers . 
  hmm ... in 1980 ? 
  probably sweden . 
  delaware and new jersey have existing airbases and stockpiles of us aircraft . 
  denmark and norway had considerable military forces of their own , along with sweden itself having enough forces that it could maintain neutrality without joining nato . 
  the baltic states were also a major staging area for soviet air , land and naval forces . 
  in turn , belgium has ... belgium itself ; and a bunch of largely irrelevant third-world countries with no force projection or industrial base to speak of . 
  belgium loses in both rounds . 
  the reunited dutch empire inherits a few navy bases and navy airfields in the the us , but very little in terms of land power . 
  and all their us holdings border the swedish holdings . 
  30 years in 1980 seems like a ridiculously long time to prepare for the era . 
  with 30 years to prepare , the swedes can just ramp up production and pre-position an overwhelming amount of tank forces in the us and overrun anything the dutch can build up there . 
  meanwhile , the dutch would have to develop their own mbt from essentially nothing , and set up production for it . 
  swedish empire  belgian empire + dutch empire, 
  dutch empire  belgian empire, 
  the pziii established a whole lot of standards that later tanks were compared to , such as the three-man turret layout and the use of radio communications . 
  it was n't a completely revolutionary gamechanger like cvs in naval combat , but it was nonetheless a significant milestone in tank design of the era . 
  except this stuff about awakened beings being claymores is not common knowledge . 
  as far as the general population is concerned , `` voracious eaters '' are just yoma that have become really old and powerful . 
  the organization suppresses the truth to the point that even claymores themselves are n't told about awakened being until they either participate in an awakened hunt , or find out the truth from a fellow claymore already in the know . 
  too many to enumerate . 
  also , do you mean `` since the japanese heavies rolled out '' or `` since the japanese tech tree was first added '' ? 
  anyway : one big change in tier 5-7 : the japanese heavies . 
  huge boxes of fuck you armor and big derp . 
  at higher tiers , as penetration values spike up , their armor becomes less impervious . 
  general rule : against jap heavies , the weakpoint is the flat rectangle of side armor , below the turret but above the tracks . 
  let 's see ... 
  i think they also tweaked physics in this timeframe . 
  tanks can now flip over and crash . 
  mainly an issue for fast mediums and especially for light tanks , which can no longer recklessly zoom around at max speed if there 's uneven terrain . 
  they also introduced a normany beach map ( overlord ) . 
  do not go down to the beach . 
  the moment you go down to the beach , your performance is completely irrelevant to the outcome of the match . 
  overlord is won in the center or along the 9-line . 
  and that 's all i can think of off the top of my head . 
  edit : a word .
