  since your seduction results in a child , they still have a mother/daughter relationship on their family screens , shielding them both from being culled by the reaper 's due update even if they leave for an ai court . 
  not just a debuff . 
  debuff is for when raiders kill your close relatives . 
  there should be a `` desert from colony '' mental break , which would automatically trigger when the colony orders the execution of a close relative , or if a close relative dies in prison . 
  username checks out . 
  i 've seen it on those sensor towers as well . 
  he did n't hate non-whites ; it was rather a patronizing view that would be seen as offensive today . 
  he simply thought of blacks as inferior humans , but still humans deserving of white man 's generosity , assistance and guidance . 
  christian ideas of salvation , as well as the bible 's position on christians keeping other christians as slaves were also relevant to the issue . 
  and it would be entirely natural that the generosity of the republican party would secure them votes in the southern states from the former slaves . 
  excalibur prime . 
  in fact , it remains my only prime frame right now . 
  got 3/4 parts for frost prime . . and it went to the vault . 
  got 3/4 parts for nova prime ... and it went to the vault . 
  i just gave up on playing warframe after that . 
  the hellish grind for void keys and in the void itself just ruined what little fun the repetitive missions provided . 
  so basically , you advocate that some enlightened elite should regulate how society is supposed to work to prevent `` social harm '' ? 
  that someone should just tell everyone what they have to believe in order to minimize this nebulous `` social harm '' ? 
  that sounds an awful lot like the social function the clergy estate and the catholic church performed prior to the reformation . 
  is that what you want , then ? 
  a secular clergy determining who is a pious secularist and controlling the shaming and ostracizing of whatever they define to be heretics ? 
  hmm ... then i probably got something wrong with . mod file . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how the archive line of a local mod should look like , if that 's not working . 
  nah , trump would probably need to create his own youtube alternative . 
  google and jewtube are cucked to the core just like the msm . 
  nah china is ... 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not even really socialism anymore . 
  it 's just a centrist dictatorship with a communist paint job that was never removed . 
  to experience the socialism they so dearly desire , they need to go to a real shithole like venezuela or cuba . 
  actually , it looks to me like the sappers of the raid broke open the ancient danger room with grenades without intervention from op . 
  the far end of the danger room is close enough to the base walls that it might have been a legitimate path for a sapper raid . 
  in addition , aimbots typicaly have auto-aim-like effects without the usual auto-aim announcements from crew ( like `` target lost '' when the target goes unspotted or dies ), 
  and it is only the political dimension that really matters . 
  in the military dimension , the baltics can not be successfully defended . 
  the territory simply does n't have enough operational depth to allow for defensive maneuvers on the directions that russia would be attacking from . 
  the baltic states ' own defense plans are essentially to evacuate conventional forces and become an army-in-exile , and to establish a well-armed guerilla resistance force disrupting russian supply lines until nato moves to liberate the territory . 
  the real defense plan is about the deterrence power behind an inevitable nato response . 
  it 's about the political certainty that war with estonia means war with nato and the usa . 
  russia 's plan for victory in the baltics is likewise political : to seize the baltics quickly enough that they can persuade nato to just accept a new status quo without attempts at retaliation . 
  a narrative of `` why die for the baltics ? '' . 
  therefore , permanent us presence , and the thought that russia would have to bomb us troops to actually seize the baltics is a strong deterrent . 
  if us troops have already been attacked and killed , retaliation is far more justified than backing down and having those soldiers died for nothing . 
  honestly , i 'd say civ economy could use some kind of long-term or indirect buff that gets lost or inverted by increasing economic mobilization . 
  maybe population growth and resource output . 
  possibly civilian factory construction . 
  so that the choice of industrial policy is not just `` war economy asap '' . 
  switch toasters ( civ economy ) for tanks ( war economy ) as soon as world tension allows you to . 
  even if you have unfilled advisors or company slots . 
  that 50 % construction speed swing for all three types of factories is huge and you want it as early as possible . 
  trade and conscription matter less . 
  basically , they 're only worth changing if you 're short on resources or manpower , respectively . 
  or ( in the case of trade law ) if you 're planning total world conquest and want to deny resources for your current allies because you plan to turn on your allies after the war . 
  for a lot of us , israel is an issue we do n't really care about . 
  since we have no stake in it , we 'll match trump 's position on it , because whatever he does he 'll piss off the corrupt establishment . 
  even if trump does exactly what the establishment was planning on doing , trump 's involvement prevents the establishment from taking credit and gaining political capital out of the success . 
  media and many establishment politicians will always rail against trump whatever he decides and unless we feel strongly enough to voice our disagreement with trump , we 'll back him up and grant him public , popular support against those two groups . 
  i prefer the sub , myself . 
  raki 's voice was ... incredibly whiny and annoying in the dub . 
  not being able to understand japanese voice tones helped alleviate that problem . 
  also , i highly recommend you read the manga once you finish watching the anime . 
  the last few episodes of the anime , especially the ending , are kind of a disappointment , because they knew there was n't going to be a second series and they tried to bring some closure and it ended up completely cheap and unsatisfying . 
  in the manga , [ raki , isely and priscilla never show up to pieta and there 's a seven-year timeskip following the battle with rigardo , instead of that second fight near the volcano . 
  the battle of pieta and the story leading up to it is just the first third of the full story in the manga . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
   there already exists more than enough nuclear weapons for mad . 
  adding more is totally needless and simply increases the chance that an accident happens . 
  trump 's idea of an arms race is unlikely to be about making a bigger stockpile . 
  more likely , it 's going to take the form of replacing the missiles and warheads with new models , or at the very least with fresh production runs of old designs . 
  current american stockpiles are starting to reach a point where their reliability is in question . 
  without a `` nuclear upgrade race '' , it 's eventually going to reach a point where a nation with a modern stockpile might decide it 's worth gambling on the us stockpile being in such poor condition that the us government will start backing down from nuclear threatening because they 're not sure their nukes will actually launch/impact without malfunction . 
  the whole republic vs democracy debate is a meaningless argument about semantics that people use to start an argument over definitions because they 've run out of real arguments to defend their position . 
  the united states , like most western nations , is a republic as well as a democracy . 
  the united kingdom is a democracy , but not a republic . 
  the people 's republic of china is a republic , but not a democracy . 
  best korea is neither of the two ( it 's basically an absolute monarchy pretending to be a communist republic ) . 
  hard to say . 
  japan was an oppressive totalitarian regime . 
  it 's not out of the question the people who did read the leaflets were too afraid of punishment from the regime if they listened to enemy propaganda and left the city as instructed . 
  even just the act of * reading * enemy was an reason for the secret police to punish a civilian , so even if a japanese civilian read the dropped leaflets instead of staying away from them , they may not have acted on it . 
  or they could have just disbelieved the idea of the bombs as enemy propaganda . 
  sorry , but this is where you 're flat wrong . 
  if you had said 0.01 % , i 'd be inclined to agree . 
  but turning 1 in every 100 children , healthy or not , autistic to potentially save them from a disease as rare as polio is outrageous . 
  even before its ' near-eradication , only 1 in every 200 ( 0.5 % ) polio infections actually resulted in irreversible paralysis , and that 's only the percentage of those who actually got infected with the disease . 
  if vaccines turned 1 % of the entire human population autistic , we would most certainly not be using them . 
  been asked many times . 
  hannibal , attila the hun , vlad tepes and genghis khan have all been such figures in certain regions of the world . 
  and napoleon for most of europe other than france . 
  well , the distortion matches the fabric well enough that it actually might not be a ps . 
  yeah , you should be able to assign an operation to remove the implant after you 've `` rescued '' him into a medical bed . 
  mostly it 's because he failed to appear like a very effective president . 
  his efforts to resolve various issues and crisis situations just ended up falling flat . 
  even when they were effective , the appearance was that the situation would have resolved itself even without mediation from the carter administration ( which in some cases probably was n't true ) . 
  in foreign policy , his way of handling of the iran hostage crisis was very unpopular , even if it was the safe option . 
  economically , the carter presidency coincided with an economic recession that he failed to completely resolve . 
  though his measures did alleviate unemployment , the recession continued past the carter presidency and did n't end until reagan got elected ( who got to claim most of the credit for resolving the recession ) . 
  basically because tynan says so . 
  there was power creep from certain new features , like the ability to make regular medicine in the colony instead of relying on traders . 
  and he decided bionics should mostly be about superhuman * combat * boosts . 
  and so he nerfed some things to get balance back to where he has always wanted it to be .
