  the only function that a gas environment inside an hdd serves , is conducting away heat build-up . 
  using a solid radiator instead requires slightly more material , but it 's not something that needs to have millions or billions of r&d dollars thrown at it to `` invent '' it . 
  once per campaign ? 
  more like once per mission . 
  ^ ^ ^ fucking ^ ^ ^ codex ^ ^ ^ disable ^ ^ ^ weapon ^ ^ ^ bullshit ... 
  properties  verify integrity of game cache . 
  if that fails : delete local content and reinstall . 
  testing something in a vacuum is not that hard . 
  vacuum chambers have existed since ... hm . 
  unfortunately , i 'm finding no information about when exactly vacuum chambers were invented . 
  but even so , creating a vacuum ( or partial vacuum ) has been possible for over a hundred years . 
  it 's not like you have the send the hdd into space to test it in vacuum . 
  but yes , sdds do make the whole point moot . 
  i know for a fact / r/darkestdungeon does . 
  reminds me of a story told to our unit when i was going through conscript training . 
  conscripts from our unit handle the ceremonial guard duty at the doors of the presidential residence ( this is not in the us , of course ) . 
  the guards on duty are supposed to receive orders to let arriving people through , and deny passage to anyone showing up unannounced . 
  so the story goes , the president had called the cinc to his residence for something . 
  the lt. general , being a man that takes his job seriously , dropped everything to answer the summons and showed up in only fifteen minutes . 
  problem was , the arrival had not been announced to the soldiers at the door by the president 's ceremony officer . 
  so the general got quite red-faced when some worthless grunt of a private was n't letting him into the residence and pointed a bayonet at him when he tried walk up the steps . 
  threats of having the privates court-martialed were made . 
  just as the general had buggered off to the side door ( guarded by the actual secret service-equivalent ) , the ceremonial officer poked his head through the front door and said something along the lines of `` shit , the general got here already , huh ? '', 
  five minutes later , the general is smugly going through the front door and the privates straighten up further as he passes . 
  privates are untouchable , because they did they did nothing wrong . 
  so it would be a strong tier 6 heavy that 's still vulnerable to getting flanked , like most heavy tanks . 
  the only tank at tier 6 not capable of penning the tiger 1 from the front with silver ammo , is the mt-25 : a light tank . 
  hell , all tier 6 tds and most tier 6 hts can pen the front of the tiger i with their stock guns . 
  let 's face it , at tier 7 , the tiger i is just a giant xp-pinata for the enemy team to take advantage of . 
  oh definitely . 
  again , this is a third-hand story , related to us by the cpt . 
  in charge of ceremonies as we were going through instruction . 
  i 'm mostly reciting ( and translating ) the story as it was related to me and the rest of the unit . 
  the third sword upgrade add that effect to all swords . 
  ofc just people using the t3 sword . 
  i typically go with 12/14/22 , +4 if it 's a boss run . 
  if i 'm worried about the food situation , i just extinguish the torch for a while , if i 've got enough scouting to know i 'm reasonably safe from encounters . 
  it 's fine . 
  it 's just the shitty jobs nobody wants , like soaking up plasma fire and pulling chryssalid aggro away from real people . 
  the scouting is just to be sure i wo n't unexpectedly run into hall/room battles in the dark . 
  while it 's true you ca n't make something out of nothing , that `` something '' can be your education ( paid by taxpayer or your parents ) or an idea ( that you spent time on coming up with and refining ) . 
  if economics was a zero-sum equation , then we 'd still be on the same level of overall wealth as we were in the middle ages . 
  except the wealth would need to be spread over seven billion people , as opposed to under 1 billion . 
  and how many times did you beat long war ? 
  or was the pro commander too wuss to even try fighting a ** real ** war against the ayys . 
  he did . 
  he 's just warning people not to start bringing modern politics into the discussion , as people like to do . 
  the point is , the american logistics were good enough that they had transport space to waste on anything more than letters . 
  they did n't need to pack every available space on their ships and planes with ammo , fuel and rations . 
  and they still had enough of all three to keep their army running . 
  not quite the same . 
  berlin was getting bombed by long-range heavy bombers during most of the war . 
  but when the p-51s showed up above berlin , it meant the bombers were being escorted for their whole journey , making it extremely costly ( if not impossible ) for the luftwaffe to intercept them with their own aircraft . 
  well , the `` funded '' part is n't difficult . 
  i imagine the leftists are deluded enough that they expected the results to reinforce their narrative . 
  i 'm more surprised the researchers had the integrity not to destroy the results when they realized it went against the narrative . 
  and naturally , the leftists will now say this study is biased , statistical mistakes were made in the process and it was funded by conspiracy theorists . 
  definitely not the quest victory . 
  it forces you into making a few terrible strategic decisions that severely set you back for the rest of the game . 
  does isis even have high-altitude aa capability ? 
  yep . 
  papal infallibility is very much misunderstood . 
  it has only been invoked seven times through the entire history of the church . 
  yes . 
  they are poorly `` faking '' that they do n't know where you are . 
  which translates to perfect pre-aiming at the position they know you 're at and holding fire until they legally `` spot '' you . 
  nope . 
  communists really did make up flags like this in the early days of the russian civil war . 
  german citizens do n't legally have a right to criticize their government or its ' policies . 
  the german government can censor content and imprison people based on very vague definitions of sedition and pro-nazism . 
  building the dust-heavy city is the big one . 
  i 've always either reached that point either too soon and i do n't have the dust to quickly build up the city population , or it 's too late and all the nearby regions are already occupied . 
  which means razing one of your existing cities and wasting everything you 've built there , or going to war and razing an enemy city to build a new , crappy city which then needs to be propped up with dust and defended for the next step of the questline . 
  so basically , you fail to grasp the strategy behind deciding to kick off level 5 veterans that you have no use for , on account of not having enough deeds to fully upgrade weapons and armor at the blacksmith . 
  sunk-cost fallacy and overcoming it is a big part of roster strategy . 
  the only heroes you might want to keep around after they overlevel , are reynauld and dismas for the achievements . 
  there is very little point in keeping anyone else around if you do n't have an immediate or near-future need for them . 
  game is working as intended . 
  your reward for not getting heroes killed , is that you get to choose which ones you sack to make room for rookies . 
  you can always get a new hero and give them the same skillset . 
  no hero is irreplaceable . 
  except for the two initial ones , that have achievements associated with them . 
  let 's be honest , the ranks of male defense ministers in the world are not lacking in career politicians unqualified for the job . 
  at the upper levels of any government , it 's all about nepotism , party loyalty and political favors , not actual competence . 
  actually , most models of the p-51 could ( just barely ) reach berlin from airfields in britain using drop tanks for extra fuel . 
  that 's why the p-51 was such a game-changer for the allied bombing campaign . 
  you know the status japan holds in the hearts of people in asia ? 
  that 's russia , for most countries of eastern europe . 
  atrocities on par with japan , never so much as an apology , much less reparations . 
  only thing they did was blame everything on the nazis , like with katyn . 
  it 's more like : `` removing x would create more problems than it solves '' . 
  enforcing one global currency could never work , because it would put one single country ( or worse , an international organization that ca n't be held accountable for anything ) in a dominant position over everyone else . 
  after all , this was the country whose generals argued over naming what would eventually become the t-90 . 
  i think they were originally planning to name it the t-84 , but they thought having a ' 4 ' in the name would tip off the west that they had four separate tank designs in concurrent operation . 
  this is the orks turning yarrick into an unkillable monster , not yarrick turning himself into one . 
  a short summary in english :, 
  estonian minister of interior hanno pevkur explains to european commission representative dimitris avramopoulosele why estonia has not been accepting refugees as quickly as had originally been planned . 
  pevkur says documentation provided by italy regarding the eight refugees offered for relocation to estonia has been inadequate . 
  the refugees could not be identified based on that documentation , and the reason for the asylum request was marked as simply `` relocation '' . 
  pevkur states estonia is willing to accept refugess for whom the following operations have been carried out :,
