  this kind of `` distant '' incest was pretty much the norm , and not just among nobility , because the constraints of basic population count simply meant marrying completely outside the family tree , as is the norm today , was borderline impossible to achieve for most of the population . 
  there simply was n't that much international migration and mingling of different populations . 
  additionally , as far as nobility and royalty goes , distant marriages were also more common among nobility and royalty up to a certain point . 
  marriages were a tool of cementing political alliance networks . 
  up to the point where `` superdynasties '' like the habsburgs became so dominant that they no longer needed solid alliances with other dynasties , and instead became more concerned with preventing power from passing outside of their dynasty through marriage with outsiders . 
  estonia , and i still live here . 
  the end-of-the-year insurance shortfall is getting worse each year , too . 
  and honestly , i 've done research on other european single payer systems , too . 
  those that do n't have similar issues to estonia 's , are the ones that allow the single payer insurance to deficit spend on taxpayer dime as much as they need . 
  in other words , the sp systems are either bad in quality and bleeding healthcare professionals , or are about to become completely unsustainable financially , as baby boomers hit retirement age . 
  not sure if that particular ui element can be moved or not , but it should n't be a problem . 
  the focus screen can be panned vertically , provided some section of it is far enough `` down '' along the y-axis to make vertical panning necessary . 
  the only important part of this approach is to make sure the left-most group of the focus tree is not the one that goes `` down '' the farthest . 
  so they do . 
  if that 's the case , op should check if the civilian companies actually have any cargo ships ( as opposed to cryo/colony transports ) . 
  one fundamental reason of this transformation is the desire to inflate sales . 
  the publishers no longer want multiple players to be able to play on the same copy . 
  the current paradigm of any multiplayer is that if multiple people want to play together , each of them needs to have their own copy of the game . 
  the pc and console manufacturers are naturally all behind it as well : it means each gamer would have to buy their own pc or console and then connect the two games over an internet connection to a central server , rather than being able to play `` offline '' . 
  processing power is also a factor , especially for consoles . 
  back when consoles first started supporting 3d graphics and physics , even aaa games rarely , if ever , made full use of the consoles ' hardware potential . 
  but since then , game development has made far bigger advances in their technology than the actual hardware has in the same time . 
  aaa titles typically not only make full use of console hardware , but even have to use a number of drastic optimization `` hacks '' to be able to make each game noticeably shinier than the last , lest they draw the ire of the gamers for releasing what 's seen as the same level of graphics as a full game . 
  splitting a screen and simultaneously rendering two cameras essentially takes up twice as much processing power as rendering a single camera angle , and the issue gets exponentially worse the more cameras you generate to split the screen . 
  given that most aaa titles already eat up almost all of the console 's hardware resources to render a single camera 's worth of the beautiful environments and character models , it often is n't possible in the slightest for a modern console to render a split screen of the best quality graphics . 
  and since no player likes to see their game turn low-res enough to seem five or more years out of date when they play split-screen multiplayer , the feature never gets included in the game to begin with . 
  tiger ii without freexp-ing the turret . 
  my basic rule for managing the occ heal rng is to have a reliable secondary healer to get people off death 's door if necessary . 
  heck , even double hellion with adrenaline rush can be enough to compensate for the occ heal rng, 
  even with the 10,5 gun , i would n't call it a proper t8 . 
  the hull armor is only good for sidescraping , and even the upgraded turret only seems good in comparison to the completely abysmal stock turret that even tier 6 tanks can pen with relative ease . 
  the problem of the tiger 2 is that what few advantages it has , do n't really synergize in any way . 
  it 's accurate , but it ca n't use that accuracy because it does n't have the pen to go through the front of other heavies at long range , nor the mobility to effectively flank . 
  it 's alpha is at a disadvantage in regular corner-fight alpha trades , and the dpm option is standing in the open against 2v1 or 3v1 odds against enemies that can easily pen it through the front . 
  the problem with the tiger 2 is that it ca n't use its ' advantages ( dpm and accuracy ) without exposing a vulnerability ( weak frontal armor ) or having the advantages undermined by a weakness ( low penetration ) . 
  on top of taking the hard line on opposing immigrants being imported into the eu , they also started dismantling a corrupt supreme court that was full of old communists and their proteges . 
   i voted third party as i live in a solid blue state but i would have voted for trump if i was in a state that could have/did flip . 
  do n't sell your vote short . 
  it might not flip a state , but it 's still a step closer to silencing the `` muh popular vote '' idiots complaining about legitimacy after losing the election but winning the `` consolation prize '' of having cheated more in solid-blue states where they dominate among the polling staff . 
  if i 'm playing baltics , i play estonia , who do n't even have a prince of terror . 
  although , the lack ( or extremely low amount ) of increase from prince of terror sounds like a bug you should report to pdx . 
  particularly if you have saves of it having such minimal impact . 
  would n't be the first time they thought something was working right when in actuality the math was wrong , even if it actually did look like the numbers were changing in their test conditions . 
  sounds like you 're talking about the previous president , toomas henrik ilves , since the incumbent president is a woman . 
  to answer : it 's because his parents were expats that fled from the impending soviet occupation of estonia ( first to sweden , from there to the us ) during ww2 . 
  when the estonian government in exile returned as part of restoring independence in the early 1990s , expats and their descendants were repatriated and gained birthright citizenship as long as they could prove they had at least one parent or grandparent that held estonian citizenship during the interwar period . 
  in short , he was a refugee that grew up in jersey , before being repatriated to estonia in the 1990s . 
  there are , in fact , outstanding border disputes between estonia and russia . 
  there have been continuous efforts to settle things with a border treaty , but russia has effectively put signing the treaty on ice on their end until estonia abandons its ' claim to legal continuity with the interwar republic of estonia and submits to the russian viewpoint that estonia is a new country created when the ussr collapsed . 
  a viewpoint that neither estonia itself nor any western nation agrees with , given that the current republic of estonia was restored with clear and legitimate involvement of the actual estonian government-in-exile established during ww2 . 
  i 'm estonian and i search for posts mentioning estonia every day or two . 
  it 's faster and gives a more complete picture than waiting for estonian journalists to pick the foreign news articles that fit their agenda and translate them . 
  hoi4 ( and other pdx games ) separate game function and displayed names into different files . 
  in [ mod folder ] / common/ideas/international _ manufacturers.txt you 'll find the game functions and their appropriate `` keys '' ; such as `` bae_systems '' for the british tank manufacturer . 
  in [ mod folder ] / localisation/companies _ l _ [ language ] . yml are the files that handle what the `` keys '' from the previous file get converted to for displaying on the game screen . 
  you 'll have to change the appropriate entry in these files to change the name of the company . 
  if you want to create a new idea for a specific country , you 'll have to create a new `` idea '' in the first folder , inside the file of the appropriate country , with a new `` key '' and then assign a name to that key in the second file . 
  the core of that issue is that people who think they 're smart ca n't conceive the idea that people might hold different values . 
  barring a statistically insignificant amount of severe mental disabilities ( who are likely deemed unfit to vote ) , nobody is too dumb to vote in their own self interest . 
  if you think somebody is voting against their own self interest , then it 's because their goals , motivations and value assessments ( in essence , what they consider their own self interest ) are dramatically different from your own . 
  different to the point of being so alien to you that the thought of anyone being interested in those other values does not occur to you . 
  to give a simple example : an american leftist might say the rural populations are voting against their own interests because they do n't support healthcare reform and welfare and whatnot . 
  here 's the thing though : the rural people do n't want such handouts in the first place , because they find them patronizing , humiliating and shameful . 
  they want jobs that pay well enough to make such handouts unnecessary . 
  they want to be able to afford paying their healthcare out of their own salary . 
  and they will not budge on this , to the point that they 're willing to support protectionism and isolationism to make colossal , unpredictable changes to the world 's economic structure , instead of defeatedly accepting pro-globalism `` progress '' as some inevitable , immutable force of nature . 
  yes , exactly the same . 
  but they have pressed charges : against your money . 
  do n't worry , there are . 
  but instead of protecting the cucks that let it happens , they 've established their own `` migrants not welcome '' zones . 
  no news coverage of that , of course , because the cucks own the media and do n't want to admit they 're not the majority everywhere , nor do they want a spotlight to be put on demonstrably successful comminty-wide resistance to their agenda . 
  lucky you . 
  i 'm in estonia and i 've found transactions slowed down after sepa was established here . 
  yes , but it 's easier to do it like the spanish civil war . 
  otherwise you 'd have to manually create both side of the civil war as full-fledged nations , and give them cores on the territory of opposing side in the civil war . 
  and then events that delete the cores of whichever side loses the war . 
  okay , really ? 
  well , here 's a list for you then :, 
  cnn says it is illegal to read wikileaks :, 
  3 cnn officials forced to resign after fake story . 
  cnn senior producer caught saying russia story is bullshit - project veritas pt 1, 
  cnn anchor calls russia story a big `` nothingburger '' - project veritas pt 2, 
  cnn producer calls average american `` stupid as shit . '', 
  higher ups anti-trump, 
  - project veritas pt3, 
  cnn producer doubles down on secretly recorded statements . 
  project veritas pt4, 
  cnn edits call for violence into call for peace . 
  cnn fakes interview and interviews own cameraman : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adck6gjqmoc, 
  cnn claims missing airplane disappear into black hole : : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpvd7k1uw6a, 
  cnn says 44 states are refusing to share information to help investigate voter fraud ( https://archive.is/lk2jj#selection-183.0-183.33 ), 
  cnn fakes being at sandy hook , green screen screw up : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcg5hnyqjpa, 
  cnn fakes being in middle east during gulf war :, 
  cnn gives clinton debate questions :, 
  cnn fakes story to make blm look good , ignores call to violence :, 
  cnn fakes satellite feed when two reporters are in the same parking lot : http://www.ebaumsworld.com/videos/the-daily-show-calls-out-cnn/83283367/, 
  `` professional liars '', 
  cnn publishes fake quote attributed to abraham lincoln, 
  hospital ceo wins major court victory after cnn fakes statistics, 
  cnn hires al-qaeda propagandist for documentary and wants to cover it up .
