  there are a couple of niche subreddits i still stick around in , mostly dedicated to specific games , mods or anime . 
  and say what you will , it 's still the best place for me to get at least some idea of my county 's international news presence . 
  voat search still wo n't show results more recent than a month . 
  i do , of course , take the news find with a grain of salt and spend time correcting glaring bullshit . 
  i 've been doing find a lead missions often enough . 
  still no liberation mission . 
  a decent way of preventing overflow blockages is a fairly simple wire condition . 
  calculate how many barrels fit on your train ( train barrel capacity ) and use a combinator to add together the number of empty barrels + oil barrels ( total barrels at outpost ) in your outpost 's buffer chests . 
  then make sure the station inserters do the following :, 
  a ) only take empty barrels out of the buffer chests if ( total barrels at outpost ) = < ( train barrel capacity ), 
  b ) only load oil barrels into the train if ( total barrels at outpost  ( train barrel capacity ), 
  heck , i 'd say three sins minimum to even be approached and even then unlikely , unless your sin count is backed up by other vile traits like possessed , kinslayer or cannibal . 
  cynical should make it more likely as well , and zealous should make it flat-out impossible or lead to a different approach event ( chain ) where the cultists corrupt you before inviting you . 
  bringing in the lord of a land , who has the clout to see the a large portion of the cult exposed and put on a pyre , is a very risky gambit for the cult . 
  they would n't approach someone that high-profile without being sure they 'll join . 
  yeah , but having the zealot trait implies you 're a zealot of what you 're currently believing in . 
  a catholic with the zealot trait would not convert to satanism unless they stopped being a zealous catholic first . 
  so ... take away the zealous with a `` corrupting influence '' event to qualify the character for joining the cult , then wait for the join event to actually happen and give zealous back with the event where they actually join ? 
  honestly , i think `` secret affiliation '' should be integrated through an overhaul of how the religious definitions work . 
  i.e , an actual `` religion '' of `` publicly catholic , secretly satanist . '', 
  and all various combinations . 
  the current solution with character traits below religion seem lackluster . 
  the article is a bit of a botch-job . 
  it has not actually been approved yet . 
  the state dept. 
  has forwarded it to the white house , but no actual approval has taken place yet , and i 'd wait for trump to actually approve it before i start condemning anyone for this . 
  she meets the criteria of not being a corrupt politician and being actually successful at administrating something ( in her case , a fashion business ) . 
  unlike most politicians who have consistently been making america worse with their mismanagement of the nation , while filling their pockets with `` donations '' from big corporations and foreign governments in the process . 
  indeed . 
  we should conclude that from the way `` moderate '' islamic * governments * allow stoning women to death as punshiment for being raped and permit marriage and intercourse with 9-year-olds . 
  in all cases , citing the koran as the grounds for the legitimacy of these horrific action . 
  as erdogan of turkey said : it 's offensive to claim there is such a thing as `` moderate '' islam . 
  there is only islam . 
  there are many , many reasons why we can say islam is an absolutely horrific and abusive religion . 
   they screwed bernie out of being the democratic nominee . 
  he would have gotten shit on even harder in the debates against trump than hitlery did . 
  i 'd add to this that we 're not upset about bernie being screwed out of the primary win because bernie would have been easier for trump to beat . 
  no , we 're upset about this because bernie being screwed out of the primary win is spitting on the idea of democracy . 
  the popular appeal of bernie ** should have ** led to him winning the primary , but instead an entrenched political elite at the top of the democrat party decided that they know better than the plebs and used the unfair procedures of the dnc to make sure their decision won out over the popular decision . 
  they basically showed in no uncertain terms that it * does n't matter * what the popular opinion within the democrat party is : the leaders at the top have the final say on who the candidate is and that the `` voting '' of the primary is just a circus show they put on to appease the masses . 
   who would accept a new job without considering what pay and benefits the new job offers ? 
  someone who does n't have the privilege of being able to afford a period of unemployment between jobs ? 
  really ? 
  the candidate that wants to escalate ( proxy ) war with a nuclear power is less of an `` end of the world '' candidate than the one that wants cordial relations and cooperation against mutual enemies with that nuclear power ? 
  so they 've turned the subreddit to a karma farm for the mods and their buddies , i 'm guessing ? 
  please no . 
  train conductors are good people and it really shakes them up when their train runs over people for any reason . 
  even if those people are confirmed idiots and lunatics . 
  jumping off a bridge is much much less disturbing for others that have to deal with the consequences of the suicide . 
  because , for better or worse , appearances matter more in politics and pr than substance . 
  getting something innocuous painted in a negative light by an actively hostile media can ruin the reputation and credibility of an administration even if there 's no substance to the accusations . 
  flynn fucked up , probably thinking he could keep quiet and it would just blow over without harming him or the administration . 
  the only way of doing this with a base game tech is to remove the tech from the base game files , start a new game and then add it it back to the game files and add your own mod which makes it `` ai-forbidden '' before resuming the game . 
  the fact that people talk so little about death today is itself a relatively recent development , and correlates rather directly with the rise of scientism as a dominant philosophy in western society . 
  while science is great at a lot of things , it 's decidedly worse at helping humans cope with the inevitability and fact of death than religion . 
  many human accomplishments through history are ultimately elaborate attempts to psychologically cope with death through creating or accomplishing something that outlives the creator . 
  for a further understanding of more hardline christian stances on this , compared to modern christianity , i recommend the works of kierkegaard on this topic , particularly * the sickness unto death * . 
  certain parts of * either/or * also deal with this topic of existentialism . 
  edit : i 've also heard positive things about ernst becker 's * the denial of death * dissecting this topic , though i 've not read it myself . 
  looks to me like he might be missing his right index finger , too , contributing to why the hands look `` wrong '' on the picture . 
  i 'm not sure , actually . 
  the safe option is definitely to copy the whole vanilla technology file , name it identically in your mod and thus override it . 
  creating a new tech file in your mod , but still having a tech with the same key in the vanilla files could cause bugs . 
  i know for sure that duplicate keys start conflicting each other in hoi4 . 
  not sure about stellaris , but i do n't see why it would be different , since it 's the same engine . 
  skirmish retinues are also very cost-efficient for strategic utility , but at the expense of being basically worthless in actual combat . 
  they just siege stuff down and inflate your military strength to discourage rebellious vassal factions . 
  because being honest in that situation was ammo , too . 
  lower caliber ammo , probably , but ammo nonetheless . 
  not necessarily . 
  there 's a small chance for it to happen even with historical on , if a player germany gets the event to create vichy france and then refuses to create it . 
  longbows required significantly more training and physical ability , so getting together a formation of people skilled and fit enough to wield longbows took more time than putting together a formation of crossbowmen . 
  england had the advantage of any hostile attack on their home territory being stalled by the naval invasion aspect . 
  countries in continental europe did not have that luxury and had to be able to raise their army much faster in the event of an invasion . 
  nah , looks college aged to me . 
  being juvenile and refusing to become a `` boring grown-up '' is for some reason a virtue these days . 
  in all seriousness , it 's probably going to be poland or hungary . 
  countries that have known the short end of the communism stick , and recognize globalism for what it is . 
  ( not going to be russia , because those assholes were the ones holding the long end , which is why they 're so often nostalgic for the glory of their soviet empire ), 
  sure , that 's the training component , but that alone does n't explain why continental europe did n't train their soldiers to the same degree . 
  these longbowmen would also have jobs in peacetime , and would have to be gathered up from across the country when wars took place . 
  constant standing armies did n't really exist back then . 
  so compare tracking down those qualified longbowmen and bringing them to a central mustering ground , to just handing out simple-to-operate crossbows to a mass of `` average '' conscripted peasant infantrymen . 
  if the continental armies systemically used longbowmen , then their mustering grounds would be overrun or under siege before the majority of the longbowmen actually got there . 
  the english were n't the only enemy of the french . 
  mustering knights and other gentry was a different matter to mustering a mass of longbowmen . 
  the core obligation of the gentry was to be soldiers , ready for war . 
  in exchange for that constant readiness , they owned land which they could tax for a stable income , or formed those mercenary bans i spoke of earlier . 
  for an army of longbowmen to have the same kind of readiness , they would have had to been elevated to nobility , and not even england had the money for that . 
  and i 'm not saying the french did n't have to muster at all . 
  they did , naturally , but a delay as long as having to assemble longbowmen scattered across the country was unacceptable for them if the germans were already at the door . 
  the protection of the sea and ( eventually ) their navy is the primary reason why england could have the differences it had from the continental armies . 
  it 's not about the english military being smarter than their contemporaries or continental europe being too `` traditional '' to figure out or accept a longbow army was of superior quality . 
  it 's simply a matter of continental europe having strategic threats and considerations that english royalty , thanks to being better protected behind the channel , never had to consider when establishing the structure of their military . 
   have not required warships of the size and firepower of a battleship, 
  also because any fleet carrier can deploy several times more firepower , at greater range than any battleship , at comparable maintenance costs . 
  more importantly , a battleship 's armor is irrelevant against anti-ship missiles launched by much smaller and cheaper ships . 
  battleships would be nearly useless even in a modern `` all-out war '' . 
  shore bombardment against an inferior enemy is pretty much all its ' capable of . 
  and if there 's need for intense enough bombardment , then yes , a bb can be more cost-effective than running airstrikes off a carrier .
