  it was more affordable for them to pay the fine than to get actual coverage . 
  this basically meant that the only people who bought aca-compliant insurance were people with pre-existing conditions and a handful of rich people who could afford it even when healthy . 
  since almost all of the people covered by the insurance had pre-existing conditions , the insurance companies had to raise the premiums because they were paying out more often than planned . 
  since aca subsidy funds are limited , this premium increase mostly had to be covered by the insurance customers , meaning even more people could afford paying the fine better than paying the premium . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  and that 's why aca was never a sustainable solution in the first place and had to be repealed . 
  yes , putin kicking out soros was a very good thing , but that does n't mean we should let him get away with trampling over the independence of russia 's neighbors out of some misplaced sense of gratitude . 
  being wildly popular does n't necessarily mean he 's made life better for the average russian . 
  it just means he 's mobilized the population by blaming all their hardships on `` the enemy '' , whether that enemy is soros , america or the `` ukrainian fascists '' . 
  as for examples : [ here is a summary ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2941216/extraordinary-images-vladimir-putin-s-sochi-olympic-park-lying-desolate-abandoned.html ) of what happened in sochi after the olympics . 
  it 's a ludicrously expensive potjomkin village that 's been almost entirely abandoned after the show ended . 
  all of it taxpayer money funneled into the pockets of the oligarchs that built it . 
  russians are admitting that basic things like groceries [ are getting more expensive ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/russia-people-discuss-hard-times-affect-of-sanctions/27465306.html ) . 
  although the sanctions play their part in this , the sanctions are nothing but a consequence of putin 's military adventures in crimea and donetsk . 
  it 's not as if europe and america were eagerly anticipating an opportunity to sanction russia and rubbing their hands in glee when they got the excuse . 
  they lose about the same amount of potential wealth from the loss of trade as russia , except the west is much richer and more productive in relative terms and has other export markets , so the percentage they from them lose is lower . 
  here in estonia , abslutely nobody believe the sanctions were `` good '' for estonia , but everyone but the russian shills admitted that just letting russia get away with changing european borders by force in crimea was n't an acceptable option . 
  if the soviet colonists want to live in russia so much , they can go back to russia , instead of demanding borders to be shifted for their benefit . 
  if you plan to enjoy their salt , do it quietly as a lurker . 
  nothing satisfies the crybabies more than being able to pretend at martyrdom and victimhood . 
  nothing pisses them off more than being ignored . 
  / u/goldisbitter 's mother has ordered / u/goldisbitter to take the vows . 
  sounds like an interesting idea . 
  another interesting path i could think of is one of the great powers having a nf branch that lets them sponsor baltic independence to weaken russia that is very likely to lead to war unless russia surrenders the baltic states . 
  couple this with a `` window to europe '' path in the russian nf tree that invests industry and defensive structures into the baltics before the sponsorship of their independence , and russia has a strong motivation not to surrender them . 
  and , of course , let 's not forget that germany gave lenin a lot of money and shipped him to russia in a locked traincar to stir up the revolution . 
  russia having internal problems even without the great war should definitely be more of a thing . 
  actually , primitives are not that boring now , with the addition of institutions . 
  you get institution spread in a province from development , even if you have zero spread otherwise . 
  for instance , ming can get renaissance pretty quickly after it spawns , if they focus-develop a single strategically placed province to something like 20 or 30 development . 
  and from there , it will spread based on regular adjacency bonuses . 
  player controlled primitives in the new world can actually be on par with european tech by the time colonialism starts . 
  ask your classmates and college admin about * \u00f5ppetoetus * . 
  most of colleges offer it , even if they do n't openly advertise that they do , because offering it is a requirement for certain state subsidies . 
  typically , you can request it starting with the second semester by filing a relatively simple paper . 
  the deadline for filing the paper is somewhere in mid-january and around the end of september if you 're a second-year student or further . 
  there 's regular * \u00f5ppetoetus * , which is about ~ $ 60 a month , and * vajadusp\u00f5hine \u00f5ppetoetus * , which is an extra ~ $ 30 on top of that , but you basically need to prove your monthly income is below minimum wage to qualify for the second one . 
  if you 're in a large college , it 's also possible that there 's performance-based competition between people who have applied to get regular * \u00f5ppetoetus * . 
  the low-income necessity-based version should not be competition-based if you qualify for it in the first place . 
  anyway , a job can make up the remainder . 
  if you have a maximum of 4h of free time a day , then that 's quite comfortably a part-time job with a .25 workload ( 10h/week , where a full workload is 40h/week ) . 
  heck , it 's a .5 workload job , if you consistently have 4h of free time for five days a week . 
  forgot about reforming the religion , since the asian countries like ming and japan do n't need to . 
  if clinton won , the left would have the impression they have a license to assault and harass trump supporters because hillary will just pardon them . 
  prokhorovka is the prime example of td camp . 
  as long as there 's a light spotting for them , you have no chance of making it across the west side without being sniped to death by tds outside your viewrange . 
  they 're just as impossible to fire back at as artillery . 
  lesser examples of invisible td killzones include malinovka , murovanka , and airfield . 
  the point is , tds can hit you without being spotted just as easily as arty , and unlike arty they 're accurate and have high penetration . 
  and they 're almost as invulnerable as arty until someone spots them . 
  development has n't stopped , but there have been no official releases . 
  dosbox is an open source project , which means pretty much anyone can contribute to it even if original developers move on to other projects . 
  i 'm not familiar with what really went on behind the scenes to cause the stop of official releases , but here 's my best guess . 
  the core development group reached a point where improvements had plateaued . 
  dosbox was n't truly `` complete '' enough to release a 1.0 ; they still had outstanding issues , but they did n't have an obvious way of fixing them without breaking something else . 
  thus they just moved on to other , livelier projects or just could n't keep up their participation because of other obligations like work and family . 
  you can still download and compile the svn version if you want the `` latest '' updates ( which may or may not work ), 
  absolutely . 
  although , to be fair , if it was n't for coral , i would never bother going into the cove except to reach and kill the bosses . 
  i 'm sure it 's an interesting article , but seriously , the site needs work . 
  the page lags when scrolling so severely that i gave up trying to read it . 
  at several points , i thought my browser had frozen . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  in this case : the internet unanimously mocking the idiot . 
   on your own, 
  unless you 've got the bl-10 or the deathstar , you do n't have the alpha to easily dispatch the rev. 
  once it makes it into cover and only pops out for opportunity shots while nobody 's looking . 
   if there is n't they 'll ** invent ** a way . 
  ftfy, 
  op * just said * the test was n't about the survivablity of the concrete block . 
  it was basically about testing the mechanical forces affecting the f-4 in a head-on collision with a concrete structure . 
  and the conclusion was that , instead of parts in the rear end chaotically deflecting away from the collision , the engines will force the entire aircraft to splat into the surface straight-on even as the front end crumples . 
  did you mod unit deployment ai or spain 's starting unit lists ? 
  the fact that republicans instantly win suggests that all military units are placed in states that are supposed to go republican , leaving none for the nationalists , which probably causes the heavily scripted civil war flip of spain to bug out . 
  and just because you 're replacing people once they 're no longer useful or once someone else is better-suited to handle the current situation does n't mean you 're doing a bad job . 
  misread and was expecting lotus , but eh . 
  cool pic anyway . 
  psh , as if `` law-abiding '' immigrants needed pardons . 
  they are already not abiding the law by being here in an `` undocumented '' manner . 
  unnatural agility does n't affect dodge rolls . 
  why mention it if it is n't relevant ? 
  you 're probably misunderstanding what unnatural ( ability ) does . 
  suppose you 've got a s40 space marine with unnatural strength ( x2 ) . 
  this means they have an s bonus of 8 , which for instance means their strength bonus to melee attacks is +8 , not +4 . 
  the space marine 's s is still counted as 40 when making skill or attribute tests . 
  basically , they publicly said they do n't want trump supporters/conservatives to be their customers and that any trump supporters working for them should quit . 
  never underestimate the power of leftism to turn people into brainless fanatics . 
  forcing manufacturers back to the us is the best solution short of somehow forcing china and other cheap-labor countries to actually implement ( and actually enforce ) the same level of regulation as there is in the us or europe . 
  the second biggest reason why production is cheaper in countries like china and mexico is that those countries do n't have much in the way of environmental regulation and what little they do have is cheaper for corporations to just bypass by bribing the auditors than it is to actually implement . 
  as it stands , all that the us is doing is committing economic suicide so that china can pollute its ' way through expanding their industrial base while still hoping that climate change will be `` fixed '' by the altruistic west despite their polluting . 
  and all of it will be irrelevant because the troop deployment ai is still pants-on-head `` let 's put the entire red army on the neutral border with iran '' retarded . 
  first off , your premise is mistaken : slavery did persist through the middle-ages in europe , though it mostly took on the form of household slaves . 
  even before serfdom was fully established as an institution , nobility forcing freemen into slavery was rare . 
  it took a serious crime or a debt of some kind for someone to end up as a slave . 
  most slaves were taken as captives in war . 
  then feudal society took form . 
  the labor/land relationship created by serfdom made slavery obsolete from an economical standpoint . 
  since the serfs were administratively tied to the land , taking slaves was unnecessary : if a ruler claimed the enemy 's land in war , they got the labor force of serfs working on it automatically . 
  with hostility between christian europe and the muslims that ran the slave trade in north africa , trading in slaves was also frowned upon by noble society and the clergy . 
  the reason slavery made a comeback in the new world was quite straightforward : the new world did n't have an established population of serfs and plantation work was so exceedingly hard that paying freemen to do it was n't profitable .
