  and then gate messes everything up by appearing in korea . 
  basically , it would n't really be north korea anymore . 
  because the current north korean regime can not under any circumstance soften its ' totalitarian stance . 
  the moment they try , they will either face a coup from the hardliners , or the whole country collapses into revolution and hunger strikes if the hardliner coup fails and the regime eases its ' repression even the tiniest bit . 
  maybe , when they first started , they somehow had merit . 
  since then : gerrymandering and people voting for them out of habit or because of the ( d ) next to their name . 
  they are reaching senility in their old age , and still being put forward by their party , which is why we need term limits . 
  `` if you like your plan you can keep it '', 
  if their existing insurance plan did not qualify for participation in the aca subsidy system , people had a choice between switching out for an aca compliant plan or paying fine for failing to `` take advantage '' of the insurance plans in the aca system . 
  ... have you never seen all those tier 10 shitters in the is tanks ? 
  reaching high tiers is by no means a guarantee a player actually has a grasp on the game . 
  if you 've got a wallet , it 's not difficult at all to reach tier 10 without learning much of anything in the process . 
  especially so in the idiot-proof tanks of the is-line . 
  so ... you 'd be fine with us and british generals going to trial when the axis win ? 
  especially if germany was going the diplomatic route and ww2 kicked off with british intervention in scandinavia or the benelux , for example ? 
  actually , it 's more about the fact that the early , ww2 nukes were puny compared to the behemoths built for ( inaccurate ) cold-war icbms . 
  the multi-megaton yields that would cause nuclear winter were used primarily because the icbms used were so inaccurate that the blast might do nothing more than break glass in the intended target zone if the blasts were smaller . 
  by cold war standards , the bomber-dropped nukes used in japan would have been tactical nukes , not strategic ones . 
  the nukes of hoi4 , even if you produced and used a hundred of them , would n't cause nuclear winter . 
  that 's just the thing : north korea does n't have the resources to actually make people 's life good enough to prevent them from overthrowing the regime and executing the people responsible for all the previous repression . 
  heck , people would want revenge on the kims and their supporters even if they did suddenly do a 180-turn and become benevolent . 
  if the kim-regime relaxes their repression , they 're going to find themselves in the same position as ceausescu in romania : suddenly realizing that their entire population wants to hang them no matter what promises they make . 
  the only thing holding the north korean regime together is copious amounts of brainwashing and the fear of `` aa-gun executions '' . 
  there is no softening it without a revolutionary collapse . 
  mass brainwashing of the populationca n't just be `` turned around '' and undone by saying `` oh , our enemies are n't really that dangerous anymore so you can all stop suffering in the name of the greater good now '' . 
  the terror regime either slowly escalates or collapses . 
  it does n't deescalate peacefully . 
  there is ( or was at some point at least ) a bug where massively overcrowded airbases where all squadrons have 0 % efficiency ( i.e , 0 % planes are actually flying out to mission ) still project air superiority in their assigned region . 
  looks like the bug still is n't fixed . 
  what i mean is , a cold-war icbm targeted at the pentagon might miss by so much that it would do nothing more than break all the windows of the building , if the warhead had the same yield as the hiroshima bomb . 
  when icbm guidance and targeting systems drastically improved in the late 70s , the yields of newly produced warheads started dropping correspondingly . 
  yeah , ai n't that the truth . 
  i went down the german line as a newb and i 'm still only at the e-75 . 
  and i 've actually thrown some money at the game to have the dicker max for easing the credit grind , and taken advantage of some events and missions to get free premium time on top of having bought a few months of premium time directly . 
  as for getting good : also true . 
  i gave up on playing for a while , stuck on the tiger i because i was having to grind credits just to play the tiger itself . 
  only got back into the game after i finally watched some tutorial videos and got clear lessons on all the things i had been doing wrong/not doing right , like optimal angling , sidescraping , map awareness and proper corner-fight tactics . 
  not to mention the credit-grind meta , where you ca n't turn a reliable profit past tier 7 without either a premium account or a premium tank unless you 're at least a blueberry , if not an unicum . 
  most likely , yes . 
  depends on how disorganized your troop deployments are . 
  just dig in around the balkans and prepare to vp-rush germany from poland , yugoslavia and netherlands when they inevitably send too many of their troops to shore up the borders of romania and hungary , and the front in the baltics and northern russia . 
  because lazy modders often just assume their mod still works fine and `` update '' their mod info file to say it 's for the latest version without checking . 
  yugoslavia and romania can be fun . 
  you can agree to trade oil/aluminum with each other , so you do n't actually lose out on factories like you usually do when trading with ai ( because the ai wo n't trade back with you ) . 
  more accurately : there should be a conference system that is n't just the winners freely annexing everything . 
  you know , that crimes against peace part has some really nasty implications for what the allies can end up doing in hoi4 . 
  britain staging an outright military intervention in benelux or scandinavia because they do n't like how they 're diplomatically aligning toward germany and fascism ? 
  sounds an awful lot like britain wanting war and plotting to create one in europe where none needs to exist . 
  given that 90 % of the 9th circuit 's decisions ultimately get overturned in the scotus ... yeah . 
  i 'm not holding out hope this one will stand in the light of 8 us code \u00a7 1182, 
  that the supreme court will rule differently . 
  the 9th circuit is a haven for judicial activists as far as i can tell . 
  if the 9th circuit actually ruled based on law rather than their own ideological convictions , they would n't get so many of their rulings overturned . 
  it is n't just facebook posts that mindlessly spread fake news . 
  cnn and other mainstream media outlets are perfectly fine repeating `` fake '' news articles without doing any investigation or due diligence of their own , if they find something that fits their existing narrative . 
  tips are a horrible practice period , imo . 
  just an excuse for managers and owners to underpay for a job that 's worth more than minimum wage and pretend tips are `` performance-based bonus '' . 
   you saw the ginormous palace of your literal god incarnate, 
  ftfy . 
  the custodes do n't let just anyone see the emperor 's holy form on the golden throne . 
  i suppose it varies by country . 
  i 've known many people working in this business in my country , and literally all of them say this is how `` tips '' work here . 
  an excuse for employers to pretend that our people are n't stingy/poor in general , refusing to pay a tip or paying a pittance even if service is good . 
  nah , astropaths do n't see the emperor . 
  they see the emperor 's continuous giant psychic fart , produced by eating all those psyker souls . 
  nah , brits , americans , french and other `` western '' nationalities were treated reasonably well even in occupied territories . 
  you can set specific divisions to low or high priority in the division designer : the red down arrow and gold up arrow buttons in the top middle , just left of where the the division stats section starts . 
  personally , i 'm hope for a bigger shakeup in the two-party system . 
  possibly the outright collapse and dissolution of the democrat party , if pedogate actually results in convictions with ag sessions . 
  you might that that 's a bad thing that gives republicans free reign , but that 's not entirely true . 
  it would n't mean `` now republicans run unopposed '' . 
  it would mean people taking a bigger interest in third party candidacies and republicans dissatisfied with their party forming splinter movements and possibly even splitting the republican vote , because there is n't a `` big bad democrat '' they 're so terrified of that they wo n't risk dissent or competing candidacies because of the spoiler effect . 
  sure , it would mean republicans have the advantage of an established reputation and name recognition for a few election cycles , but sooner or later a new major party will emerge . 
  hopefully one that does n't just appoint their presidential candidate within a tight circle of senior party leaders and then pretend at having a primary , like what happened with hillary . 
  brick this guy !, 
  nate fertilizer, 
  `` kike '' is a slur referring to jews . 
  the spelling of `` kiiking '' looks like it should be pronounced similar to `` kiking '' ( i.e , `` doing jew things '' ) , when it 's written down and you do n't know how pronounce it . 
  and how dare the baltics conduct drills with nato allies inside their own borders ? 
  the russian army must be utter garbage , if the ~ 300,000 troops stationed in the western military district feel threatened by ~ 10,000 nato troops in the baltics , which is n't even a full division 's worth . 
  the other one used to be better , but it 's been overrun with concern trolls and non-supporters upvoting other non-supporters ' opinions and downvoting trump supporters , defeating the purpose of the sub . 
  these days , askthe_donald is definitely better . 
  in ww2 ... they typically were n't volunteers . 
  the wehrmacht was made up of drafted germans , and many waffen ss formations were drafted from occupied territory . 
  britain and the usa also used the draft to fill up the numbers of their divisions . 
  all major participants of ww2 conscripted soldiers into the military , the only question is how extensive and desperate the drafts got during the war . 
  professional , all-volunteer militaries are a luxury , which only countries protected by naval supremacy or vast buffer zones of friendly nations between them and potential enemies can afford . 
  unless they make the decision that self-defense is pointless altogether and abandon the draft out of that rationale . 
  there are bugs with allies overcrowding airbases and air superiority . 
  planes still project air superiority even if their efficiency is 0 % due to overcrowding , as long as no single tag has enough planes in the base to overcrowd it . 
  because efficiency is at 0 % , no planes actually fly out of the base to get shot down , resulting in constant `` ghost '' air superiority projection at zero risk . 
  or cut off the freshwater their agricultural industry is importing from colorado for well below market value thanks to old contracts from the 50s with static prices that previous administrations have been `` forgetting '' to renegotiate for inflation changes . 
  broken events/focuses forcing you to war . 
  it happens with britain because all the other allies ( esp . 
  france and poland ) relocate their planes to britain after their own territory falls , or in the case of the usa , because their own territory does n't need any planes . 
  admins probably spezzed in a dox and then immediately removed the thread under that pretext . 
  yeah , height + low cover should be slightly superior to high cover on the same elevation . 
  basically , make the height bonus to defense equivalent to low cover defense ... but then those turrets on tall advent buildings are going to be a real pain in the ass to hit . 
  not necessarily . 
  on the estonian side , the analysis was that the pzh2000 is better in performance , but too complicated for a conscript-based military , which is why they decided on the k9 over the pzh .
