  and where they have little to do besides physical exercise and interact with others that share their disdain for sjw bullshit . 
  and then let 's let them out after a year in that environment . 
  i totally do n't see how this could possibly backfire / s, 
  the counterargument to this that i typically see is about social interaction and organisms whose genes are n't passed on to future generations still contributing to child-rearing and resource production for future generations . 
  any counter to that you can think of ? 
  thanks , that 'll be useful next time i come across that bullshit . 
  out of curiosity , do you have any citation to back up the 50 % veneral disease healthcare spending/2 % population statistic ? 
  `` muh party switch '', 
  well , they built it for dow ii . 
  could have been painted in blood raven colors . 
  thanks , i 'll be putting that to use . 
  it 'll convince some , i hope , though there will always be those liberal fanatics that suddenly say science is n't be-all end-all when it stops conforming with their worldview . 
  it also filtered out `` emails '' and `` corrupt '' for hillary clinton . 
  those are hardly cuss words . 
  melee engagements do still happen in urban combat , when clearing buildings and such . 
  likewise , trenches are still a thing and brief melee combat can still happen when taking them . 
  what 's really changed , is how quickly melee combat in a military setting ends one way or the other . 
  typically in the favor of whoever is assaulting the static position , because tactics and recon have advanced to the point that leaders generally order assaults into close quarters only if they 're convinced it 'll be a relatively quick victory , or if they only intend to raid vulnerable enemy positions rather than take and hold them . 
  large-scale melee brawls on the open field are definitely a thing of the past , as far as military conflict is concerned . 
  the dnc is actually [ getting sued ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftxrr-utvu8 ) over their rigging , and their defense is not to deny rigging the primary to favor cliton , but that the dnc is `` under no contractual obligation to provide the american people with real party primaries '' . 
  i recommend you read this [ article here ] ( https://medium.com/@caityjohnstone/dnc-shatters-the-illusion-of-american-democracy-in-order-to-keep-peoples-27-bucks-eaccc01ad3bd ) . 
  in particular , note this quote by the attorney representing dnc in the case :, 
  `` [ t ] here is no right to -- just by virtue of making a donation , to enforce the parties ' internal rules , '' said dnc attorney bruce spiva . 
  `` and there 's no right to not have your candidate disadvantaged or have another candidate advantaged . 
  there 's no contractual obligation here . '', 
  did you read the article i linked ? 
  because it explains quite well how the dnc clearly rigged against bernie , and why the fact that they did is a bigger problem than just the 2016 election . 
  there were considerable riots at the dnc over the democratic party 's candidate selection process way back in the late 60s , right after the democrats were in tatters over their resistance to the civil rights movement . 
  the only reason they did n't collapse as a political movement back then , was because they promised fair and democratic primaries where it 's the popular vote of the party membership that decides who the candidate is . 
  if the dnc leadership is saying it 's `` alright '' for them to have a process in which they get to simply decide that they know best who the `` sane '' choice for candidate is , appoint them as the presidential nominee , and then build an illusion of democracy around their selection with smoke and mirrors , then they 're basically saying the democrat party should have collapsed and been replaced by a different movement in the 60s and 70s . 
  fair enough , bring it up yourself somewhere , then , and let me know how quickly you get branded of being a trump supporter . 
  as far as i can tell , trump is doing exactly what he was elected to do : pushing the utterly corrupt establishment into panic and chaos . 
  why would it be ? 
  because minorities are to dumb and/or too poor to possibly get something as basic as an id ? 
  and you insist at the same time that you 're not the racist ones for thinking so . 
  the problem with voter id being used for suppression may have been true in the jim crow era , but times have changed . 
  these days , lack of an id requirement at the voting stations is just something that enables bussing people around and having them vote several times at different stations under false names , using mistaken registrations . 
   written on his iphone , from the comfort of his parents ' luxurious ( by communist standards ) house, 
  it * is * nonsense , when the starting-point numbers of the extrapolation are being cherry-picked to paint an inaccurate picture to support a specific narrative . 
  besides , trump 's latest `` vacation '' has a lot to do with [ extensive renovations ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/08/donald-trump/renovations-trump-out-white-house/ ) planned for the white house since 2014 . 
  it 's not as if it would be secure to actually govern the country and handle classified material in the white house while it 's full of construction workers , vetted workers or not . 
  if feminists did n't have double standards , they 'd have no standards at all . 
  except back in that era , formations were still racially ( and heck , even ethnically within the same race ) segregated as a rule . 
  non-white colonial soldiers fought in wwii , of course , but no such divisions were present at dunkirk . 
  that much is historical fact . 
  the british expeditionary force present in france at the early stages of the war was well-equipped and consisted of `` high quality '' soldiers . 
  which , for ww2 era leadership implied `` non-white savages from the colonies need not apply '' . 
  ww2 brits might not have been nazi levels of `` let 's kill all the lesser races '' racist , but they were still pretty racist by today 's standards . 
  if you 're speaking of the incident where a right-winger went `` car terrorist '' , you should know that the whole `` intentional mass murder '' thing is very much in question . 
  videos from some angles suggest the guy did n't floor it until some bat-swinging antifa smashed his rear window . 
  smashed it hard enough to cause a radial crack pattern large enough to be visible from a fair distance away on a cell-phone video . 
  you are aware that essentially all of the important philosophers in the 17th and 18th century , the ones that set the very groundwork for scientific thought , were very much religious ? 
  that their enlightened philosophical views were largely motivated by their religious desire to not just parrot their `` rule-book '' but to understand the meaning and reason behind it ? 
  for instance , voltaire 's famous `` if god did not exist , he would have to be invented '' quote was n't a cynical remark . 
  it was part of a larger rebuttal against people making an argument in favor of atheism . 
  religion certainly can be used to indoctrinate people , but it hardly precludes open-mindedness , as you say . 
  and to tell you the truth , appeals to the scientific authority of shitty , biased studies to justify nonsense are as close-minded as appeals to the religious authority of a shitty priest using their shitty interpretation to justify nonsense . 
  open-mindedness is far bigger than religion or atheism . 
  keying a car is very different from `` holy shit they 're going to break my windows , drag me out and beat me to death ; i need to get out of here ! '', 
  my mind goes to [ corpus ] ( https://youtu.be/xs3wmxvkcsy?t=42s ) from warframe . 
   may our ledgers become ocean . 
  ( ... ) in the name of profit , i commence thee to the void, 
   in spring ** 1944 **, 
  ftfy, 
  the main reason was that every single nazi spy in britain was compromised . 
  * every single one * had either switched sides entirely , or simply been identified as a spy by the british intelligence , letting the british feed false information at will . 
  the nazis were unaware their spies were so thoroughly compromised , while the british were even aware of which spies the nazis considered more ( or less ) reliable as sources of accurate information . 
  through the intelligence effort of the british , the nazis were convinced that the main invasion of france was going to take place at calais and dunkirk , where the distance between britain and the mainland was the shortest . 
  and more importantly , they had been convinced that any other invasions ( such as those in normandy ) were nothing but diversionary strikes that did n't have the resources to advance off the beachhead for any significant distance . 
  invasions of norway were never seriously considered by the allies . 
  information was simply fed to nazi agents to convince them that such preparations were taking place . 
  on the nazi side , norway had to be defended in order to deny the norwegian airbases to the allies . 
  from southern norway , allied bombers ( and more importantly , escorting fighters ) would have been able to reach critical industrial zones in north-eastern germany and berlin in particular . 
  norway was also very good defensive terrain for the nazis . 
  unless the nazis left it undefended , norway would have been a great place for them to bog down allied forces . 
  i recommend the extra history [ series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plhykya0yj_5ad6g74hgsshaj7pbkoijnq ) on d-day for a fairly cohesive summary of the events , and the viewpoints and reasoning behind the decisions of the various sides involved . 
  as for the allies ' craven abandonment of poland ... you 'll hear no dissent from me . 
  i doubt an extra 250,000 troops would have made that much of a difference . 
  for one , the nazis would likely have placed them not in normandy , but rather in a position to reinforce calais against the ( fake ) `` main '' invasion , rather than at normandy . 
  second , a big part of why the nazis failed to contain the normandy beachheads was not because they lacked manpower , but because the nazi forces in normandy lacked the tanks to outmaneuver and contain the allied advances breaking out from the beaches . 
  while the nazi forces did have the tanks needed to contain the beachheads , politics got in the way of actually redeploying the tanks , until it was simply too late to contain the invasion . 
  after rommel and rundstedt came into conflict over how the tank forces should be deployed , hitler `` resolved '' the dispute with a middle-ground decision that involved the tank reserves being placed in paris ( like rommel wanted ) but only being allowed to reinforce calais ( like rundstedt wanted ) unless hitler himself approved the order to send the reserves elsewhere . 
  just a proposal from a lower-level sub-department at this point , and it does n't seem to be one that 's actually getting any support on the levels of government where things are actually decided just yet . 
  still , more than most governments are doing , and quite a few government agencies are simply taking the time to form an opinion on it , including the finance ministry itself . 
  more like estonia is trying to drag the eu into the 21st century by using the logical free market consequences of their progressive initiatives to force stagnant eu countries to adapt to new realities created by technological innovation . 
  but instead , of course , people from stagnant eu countries see it as `` estonia trying to screw them over '' , because they prefer using anti-intellectual and anti-progress eu legislation to maintain the viability of their outdated , inefficient governance and business models . 
  when the e-residency program first started , it was necessary because you needed to be present in person at least once to establish the company bank account with a locally registered bank , but regulations have changed and this is no longer necessary . 
  bank accounts can be registered remotely using the e-residency digital identification . 
  are there any plans to implement similar quotes for downvotes as well ? 
  honestly , the part where you always have to travel back-and-forth between the village is pretty easily fixed by a teleportation flag . 
  i flag pretty much every village i come across , so i can come back to them in case i want crewmembers of a specific race . 
  i 'm a pretty relaxed driver and have to say , nothing gets me on edge more than nutjobs who insist on having no more than five feet of distance between our cars , despite both of us being at just about the highway speed limit ( but not actually 10kph over it , like most people drive ) . 
  if you 're not going to pass around properly , then at least keep a safe distance . 
  i never brake check , though . 
  i usually just signal right and let them pass , if i see the road ahead is clear . 
  i 'd go for neurotic , too smart , pessimistic , alcohol addiction instead of chemical interest . 
  rick drinks primarily to keep his mood above breaking levels , not out of some compulsive fascination with drugs . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't . 
  after all , who needs an undead minion that can actually think for itself ? 
  that 's how they turn on you !,
