  you 're basically replacing `` my isp can track all my traffic '' with `` my vpn service can track all my traffic '' , which is n't that much of an improvement , all things considered . 
  or sue them out of business for that shady bullshit . 
  yeah , the event and focus rails do n't respond well to player-instigated ideology shifts after the ai has already locked itself into the `` wrong '' focus brances . 
  doubtful , actually . 
  google has gotten pretty bad at giving you a balanced picture unless you put significant thought into your query . 
  google tunes your results based on your tracked browsing history , so if you 're not careful , google will let confirmation bias float to the top of your search result . 
  ca n't seem to find the original report about the confirmation bias of google anymore ( not in 10-15 minutes , anyway ) , but here are some other links on google 's overall bias . 
  selective autocomplete during the campaign : [ breitbart ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2016/09/13/hillary-google-bias-confirmed-experiment/ ) , [ zero hedge ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-09-12/google-bias ), 
  google promoting its ' own sites in results in 2014 : [ business insider ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/evidence-that-google-search-results-are-biased-2014-10 ), 
  that is highly debatable . 
  briefly , as the wealth of rich whites was confiscated and redistributed perhaps , if at all . 
  systemic racial oppression by the state was reduced , but racial persecution in problems in south africa did not not end , it was merely reversed to target whites and took on a less organized form where the law enforcement systemically ignores white victims and the courts systemically rule against white defendants . 
  it 's not an uncommon occurrence for farms still owned by whites [ to be attacked ] ( http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/bury-them-alive-white-south-africans-fear-for-their-future-as-horrific-farm-attacks-escalate/news-story/3a63389a1b0066b6b0b77522c06d6476 ) . 
  since the end of apartheid , [ over 70 000 whites have been murdered ] ( http://americanfreepress.net/70000-whites-murdered-in-modern-south-africa-obamas-african-legacy/ ) in the country , with little investigation , prosecution or compensation coming from the state . 
  on top of that , south africa 's economy has been in [ steep decline ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/southafrica/11684492/south-africas-long-walk-to-decline.html ) as the skilled white workforce has [ left the country ] ( https://businesstech.co.za/news/general/145347/how-south-africas-white-population-has-declined-every-year-over-the-past-decade/ ) over the past decade . 
  i did n't mean to imply it was . 
  rather , my point was that the dismantling of south african apartheid is not an example of some great triumph over racism , but rather a cautionary tale of how easy it for previously oppressed minorities to turn around and become the racist oppressors themselves , once they get into power . 
  racism is an insidious evil , and not so easily removed from a society once present . 
  even though i have the advantage of hindsight , i honestly do n't know what anyone in south africa expected was going to be the `` and then what ? '', 
  of ending the apartheid but keeping the nation itself together . 
  imo , separating south africa into multiple countries would have been a better solution than trying to keep the racially divided construct together . 
  there 's always the option to rejoin countries together if they felt the wounds had healed and the cultures still had enough in common to coexist under the same government . 
  mostly because the earliest measurements of time were all astronomical : they involved the math of sun casting shadows in a circle . 
  since the length of one earth rotation is consistent across the planet , and pi is a consistent mathematical value for measuring and dividing circles , it 's no surprise that similar numbers turn up when time gets measured in a base ten mathematical system ( an again , base 10 is common because ten fingers ) . 
  that said , your premise is actually false . 
  for instance , one traditional time measurement in china involved dividing a day into 12 `` hour '' clock , in which each hour ( * shi * ) was actually two hours long . 
  each * shi * , in turn , was divided into lengths of 14.4 minutes . 
  widespread , global standardization of time measurement and timezones as we know them today , happened during the industrial revolution , more specifically at the [ international meridian conference ] ( http://www.ucolick.org/~sla/leapsecs/scans-meridian.html ) of 1884 . 
  in order to avoid confusion and constant need for conversions , many modern translations and reprints of historical sources silently convert time measurements to modern systems . 
  essentially the only exception where this is n't done for the reader , is college study materials specifically meant to teach students the historical measurement systems and how to convert them . 
  apparently being physically incapable of basic self defense implies you 're an intelligent nerd that was academically successful , while being physically capable of violence implies you 're a thuggish jock who was an academic failure ? 
  in other words : blindly repeating standard hollywood myths regarding high school cliques and their future as the absolute truth . 
  any detonation within the atmosphere is an atmospheric detonation . 
  so surface impacts would definitely produce an emp . 
  detonating high in the upper atmosphere can be done to * maximize * the strength of the emp effect at the expense of physical damage on the ground , but that does n't mean a surface detonation is completely lacks an emp . 
  same story in my country : the worst serial traffic offenders have never even had a license . 
  it could be argued , perhaps , but the argument is very much a poor one for the countries subject to russian aggression . 
  even if the russian government today became less aggressive , there is no assurance the aggression will not resume in the future . 
  expecting sovereign countries to step out of an alliance that protects them , out of a naive hope that `` neutrality '' will protect them from their large , aggressive neighbor just taking everything else in addition to the agreed-upon corridor is beyond absurd . 
  russia spent money on military access through its ' occupied territory . 
  it spent money on housing russian colonists that shifted demographics ( in latvia 's case ) from 75 % latvian in 1935 , to 62 % latvian in 1959 to 52 % latvian in 1989 ; a rather clear effort to integrate the territory by turning an indigenous population into a minority in its ' own ancestral lands . 
  the infrastructure benefits for the baltics were largely coincidental , and it 's absurd to assume that the baltics could not have found the resources to develop their infrastructure based on the requirements of their own population , rather than the excessive spending that went into meeting the requirements of the soviet military . 
  since we 're on the topic of soviet `` investment '' into the baltics , i might as well mention the industrial development they carried out in the occupied territory . 
  namely , they produced factories that depended on russian raw materials brought in by rail , and were unlikely to be profitable with imports from more distant regions by sea ; especially since the baltics were , and remain , disconnected from west european rail networks due to the difference in track gauge ( again : a deliberate decision by tsarist russia , to ensure that european trains potentially invading russia would have to swap trains in poland ) . 
  in addition , these factories primarily produced obsolete junk that only the russian ( and east bloc ) market had any interest in , or prefab components of military equipment that only factories in russia ( and ukraine ) had the remainder of the kit to assemble . 
  in other words : another tool of subjugation in the russians ' hand used to hinder efforts at economic independence . 
  there 's a reason the majority of these factories were abandoned following the collapse of the union , and why new , service-based industries had to be built up by the baltics . 
  as for the `` full of people '' argument : the baltics are also countries full of people : should their interest for a contained russia simply be sacrificed because russians are more important than them ? 
  or from another angle : north korea is also full of people . 
  should we just tell kim that all the nuke threats and aa-gun executions are forgiven , and stop sanctioning their regime because it 's indirectly hurting their population ? 
  stopping sanctions will not stop the russian regime from exploiting and brainwashing their own population , or from being aggressive toward their neighbors . 
  russia can be as `` eager '' as they want , but that does n't mean they deserve to get anything . 
  mongolia , kazakhstan and aghanistan are pretty big countries too : why should they be denied `` nice '' access to the sea by your logic ? 
  why not appease them in fear of them starting a war to get access to the sea ? 
  if a country starts annexing their neighbors , it 's time for more sanctions and widening the circle of nations protected by the umbrella of a military alliance . 
  peaceful trade with russia has always depended on good political relations with russia . 
  and good political relations with russia have always depended on either being too big for russia to risk pissing off , or allowing russia to interfere in your internal politics . 
  if a country relies on trade with russia , then russia always finds an excuse to cut off peaceful trade if the other partner does something that politically displeases russia ( or refuses to do something political that russia demands that they do ) . 
  `` peaceful '' trade with russia is just another potential flashpoint of dispute , or a weapon in russia 's economic arsenal , if a country is truly dependent on russian trading . 
  estonian , commenting on behalf of latvia : those guys south of us are trying , but between their leftards and their fifth column russian party , it consistently gets obstructed in parliament `` because russia is friendly and there 's no point anyway '' . 
  the russia narrative has ( surprise , surprise ) turned into a total bust , so now they 're waiting for new instructions . 
  i 've also noticed the `` the unmasking scandal is just a distraction '' narrative starting to pop up a lot . 
  nah , if you 're a purge-happy leftist , then it 's totally viable to fix both . 
  remember when it was trump supporters being accused of being stormfront nazis and shit ? 
  this is hilariously ironic . 
  [ i think you might be on to something !, 
  any effort to produce national ideas for estonia out of historical events in this time period is futile . 
  historically estonians lacked a unified national identity until the national awakening of the 19th century , which historically would fall under the scope of vic2 , not eu4 . 
  the only other turning point where the existence of an independent estonia would n't be outrageously alternative history , is if estonia converted to christianity willingly before/during the livonian crusade of the 1200s ( which would fall under the scope of ck2 , not eu4 ) . 
  the only true turning points of estonian history that fall in the scope of eu4 are the spread of the reformation into estonia and the swedish rule , during which the dorpat university was founded and literacy became more widespread among the estonian peasants due to swedish/lutheran policy of pushing for literacy among peasants , so that they could read the bible . 
  so ... if you 're thinking of making an estonian idea set based on historical events , i 'd recommend a setup that has synergies with estonia embracing the reformation . 
  beyond that ... estonia becoming independent in that era is so deep into alternative history , that you might as well make shit up to make them balanced/op as you see fit . 
  there is an american beauty car show that takes place annually in haapsalu . 
  this streetview picture is likely taken while the show is happening and haapsalu is full of various classic american cars from across the baltics . 
  well , i can see a democratic country suspending elections during wartime ... but yeah . 
  in general it 's silly for countries to be like this in hoi4 . 
  it 's the trans-newtonian materials you mine and build ships out of . 
  here 's the [ wiki article ] ( http://aurorawiki.pentarch.org/index.php?title=trans_newtonian_elements ) explaining the lore behind them . 
  the gist of it is : tn ship has hax from partially existing in higher dimensions . 
  and also in hillary and soros . 
  another option within the realm of possibility : a syrian commander with access to chemical weapons was frustrated by either his own casualties or lack of progress by his formation compared to others and deployed chemical weapons without proper authorization , under the logic that forgiveness after the successful capture of idlib ( or some other position , enabled by the disruption caused by the attack on idlib ) would be more achievable than getting permission beforehand . 
  edit : [ recent update ] ( http://investmentwatchblog.com/chemical-weapons-attack-in-syria-exposed-as-false-flag/ ) suggests it was a false flag after all . 
  yeah , one of the bigger criticisms against hoi3 was how challenging it was to go off historical rails , especially in diplomacy and land partitions . 
  so many events were coded trying to keep the game on rails that things often broke down in strange ways and it became an exercise in frustration to try and do something interesting and still have an immersive game ( instead of the game arbitrarily deciding that `` this piece of land you just took goes to someone else , no you do n't get to go to war over it '' . 
  however , [ recent updates ] ( http://investmentwatchblog.com/chemical-weapons-attack-in-syria-exposed-as-false-flag/ ) seem to show the false flag has been confirmed . 
  it most certainly was n't sarine used in the attack , given how the relief force clearly has insufficient protection against it and is n't dying . 
  plus evidence that suggests the victims of the attack may have been kidnapped from majdal and khattab earlier , and then subjected to chemical attack under controlled conditions . 
  yeah , seems like a false flag now . 
  do you not see the inline link on the words recent update ? 
  personally , i 'd toggle the ai off with tcai before going through the gates , and then toggling it back on once `` load screen paralysis '' wears off . 
  typically , the `` safe '' bet is to turn the baltics fascist and invite them into the axis , while going for the danzig for slovakia focus with poland . 
  you mean the historical ww2 where germany lost ? 
  why would you go historical when playing as germany ? 
  too late for either of those , i 'm afraid . 
  neutrality before the second world war did n't work out as well for us as it did for you . 
  john mccain is one of the better arguments for congress term limits . 
  his voiced opinions on matters , when he steps out of party line to virtue signal at independence , are frequently so absurd and self-contradictory , that there 's reason to doubt his basic mental faculties . 
  there 's a time for 80 + men and women to realize they should step away from politics . 
  problem is many of the worst examples of these near-senile politicians do n't : because they fail to realize when it 's time for them to retire and there 's nothing to actually force them . 
  the discord invite link has expired .
