  for instance , ` marju ' is n't a girl 's name because it ends with a vowel , or does it end with a vowel because it 's a girl 's name . 
  you just * know * that it 's a girl 's name because it would be strange to give a boy a name like ` marju ' . 
  it 's all just tradition , and the sense of it comes naturally to native speakers . 
  no hard grammatical rule defines the difference between girls ' and boys ' names . 
  not really . 
  when obama first got elected , the same kind of `` the kkk is totally going to assassinate him '' concern was making rounds on the internet and nothing happened . 
  and at this point , what would it even change , other than give pence a mandate to crack down hard on the left ? 
  well obviously thalmor are behind global warming . 
  after all , it was talos who shifted the climate of cyrodiil to make it temperate , instead of tropical . 
  and now the thalmor are trying to erase the memory of talos . 
  ulfric might not be perfect , but at least he 's standing up for talos and humanity , instead of bowing to the high elves ' tyranny . 
  speaking of , do we have any post-election meltdown footage from that guy ? 
  i have just one question : pet bionics when ? 
  you 're missing the point : the city-living liberals have openly called for marking rural trump voters with yellow stars like jews in nazi germany and taking away their vote ( or making it irrelevant through election reforms ) . 
  trump supporters may hate hillary and her inner circle of corruption , but we 've never called for something outrageous like taking the vote away from blacks or women . 
  the left burned down that bridge and has become so extreme in its ' hatred that turning around , forgiving everything and trying to compromise is n't an option anymore . 
  the left has gone so outrageously far in its ' demands that `` meeting in the middle '' is still going to be heavily in the left 's favor . 
  you say hillary won the popular vote . 
  i say the margin was 200 000 votes , which is only a fraction of the [ estimated 1.8 million ] ( http://www.npr.org/2012/02/14/146827471/study-1-8-million-dead-people-still-registered-to-vote ) dead voters still registered on the rolls . 
  not to mention over 24 million invalid or inaccurate registrations , which may be used by those [ 2.8 million non-citizens ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0261379414000973 ) who are estimated to illegally cast votes in us elections . 
  yes , but fast-travel still forwards time and counts down active modifier durations , just like waiting and sleeping . 
  yes , it 's 24 hours of real time , but at vanilla time factors that 's something like five or six in-game days . 
  problem is a lot of this spending is splintered and many european militaries are ineffective as a result . 
  instead of pooling resources and maintaining five standing divisions between several european countries , we have each country maintaining five `` paper '' divisions that hypothetically have equipment and professional command staff , but less than 10 % of actual soldiers to carry those weapons and operate the vehicles . 
  ( note , division numbers hypothetical ) . 
  but to be honest , i do n't know if it 's the best idea to create a unified eu army that 's controlled by unelected bureaucrats , either . 
  the result of that is going to be a dysfunctional multinational mess that breaks apart when each nation recalls the troops they 've contributed to defend their home fronts ; or it 's going to be the jackboot that the eu political elite can use to compel federalization against the will of the population . 
  despite being a european trump supporter , i find it 's still important not to be too lenient with russia . 
  a second `` reset '' with russia is just going to end with more bad deals where russia blatantly takes advantage of europe 's and america 's willingness to offer compromise on issues where compromise should n't even be on the table . 
  and then , when they 've got what they wanted , they go back on their deals anyway . 
  the russian siege mentality is n't going to be satisfied until the entire former soviet block sans east germany is their buffer zone against the west . 
  and even then they 'll be eyeing for opportunities and weakness to exploit . 
  make no mistake : russia has made the decision to make the west their enemy and scapegoat years ago , much like clinton used the russian card in the current elections . 
  the notion of `` provocations '' is a delusional lie , no different from clinton 's russian hacker story . 
  poland and the baltics joined nato and the eu willingly , because being a free and independent should include the right to make decisions that russia disagrees with . 
  without nato and the eu , they were always going to be vulnerable to russian strong-arming through implied military threats or economic pressure . 
  likewise , the people of ukraine protested and overthrew a corrupt russian puppet , only after that puppet 's promises to move closer to europe turned out to be nothing more than a negotiation tactic to get a better deal out of russia . 
  ukrainians realized they 'd been constantly lied to and they had enough . 
  the western politicians may have made vague promises of support that encouraged the protests , and possibly there may even have been intelligence agents stoking the fire on the ground . 
  but unlike russia in donetsk and crimea , the west never sent soldiers to prop up the revolution of maidans . 
  the ukrainian people are capable of making their own decisions , just like the american people chose trump instead of being `` manipulated '' into electing him by his campaign . 
  they 're not pavlovian automatons who simply respond to the inputs of western and russian agitators . 
  not to mention , russia fucked up the entire post-cold-war security situation in europe when it annexed crimea with a `` referendum '' held under russian guns . 
  they changed european borders by force , which sets a very dangerous precedent . 
   i love this . 
  an idiot with a fake gun . 
  ftfy, 
  probably muttering oyveyoyveyoyvey to themselves , terrified of the racist image of trump they invented , forgetting that the image is , yes , still as bullshit as when they came up with it . 
  statistics like that are a bit hard to make . 
  countries like sweden are smaller than most us states . 
  it 's fairly common for rural populations to commute into the cities , which puts some of the corporate taxes coming out of the value they produce into the city 's taxes , while still paying their personal taxes in their rural constituency . 
  because of this contradictory tax distribution it 's difficult to accurately determine if the residents of a rural constituency are getting back more from the tax fund than they 're paying in . 
  in the end , the biggest moneysink of the european welfare model is the retirement and welfare payouts , which do n't really go to the constituencies themselves to benefit the community , but to individuals who are currently not producing any value themselves . 
  so it 's even possible that everyone , city and rural alike , are paying in more taxes than they 're getting back . 
  another factor is that getting welfare handouts or funding for community/infrastructure projects is n't even what rural constituencies want . 
  what they want is to be self-sufficient , with the same level of prosperity and employment rates as the cities . 
   whereas if we drop the representatives and allow everyone to vote for every issue , two separate voting rounds for the same issue will always have the same result . 
  not so . 
  that solution is subject to voter turnout and people getting exhausted of having to vote on individual issues all the time . 
  at any rate , the idea in a multi-party parliament is that a party represents only the demographics that elected them in , and their obligation is to find the compromise that gets their constituencies the best deal . 
  it 's not as critical to attempt to represent the entire population as in a two-party system , where a single party just has a sliver over 50 % of the vote behind them . 
  since multiple parties need to compromise to form a coalition and get a majority , it 's a given that any single demographic is n't overrepresented : the coalition partners would shut them down if they tried to do something that went against their interests in the future ( like making changes to election laws that favor a single party ), 
  if some constituencies are so divided from the rest of the country that nobody wants to form a compromise with them , then the party ends up in opposition and ca n't push through their own ideas , though they still have opportunites to play the ruling coalition members against each other and fracture earlier compromises in their constituency 's favor . 
  the same happens if a constituency is so small that nobody need their handful of representatives form a majority coalition . 
  anyway , a coalition reshuffle does n't change the will of the people in-between elections , true . 
  what it does change , is which represented segments of the population are getting an opportunity to push forward their ideas for compromises with other constituency representatives . 
  apologies if the text is a bit confusing . 
  it 's past midnight and i 'm not much of a night owl . 
  [ minority cultures in russia that have been russified into extinction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_extinct_indigenous_peoples_of_russia ) . 
  the connection between the 2008 recession and the republican dominated government is tenuous at best . 
  the roots of the recession actually go back all the way to the repeal of the glass-steagal act during clinton 's second term . 
  while the repeal was proposed by the republicans , it also saw overwhelming democrat support . 
  at most , the bush administration and its ' republican house and senate could be faulted for being focused on other matters like the `` adventures '' in the middle east and not putting enough scrutiny on big banks to notice the issue in time and do something about it . 
  on the other hand : the us is n't supposed to be a planned economy where the government keeps an eye on every little thing and constantly interferes to ensure some kind of planned outcome . 
  it 's supposed to be a self-regulating free market economy . 
  except then the obama administration inherited a financial crisis and subsequently caved to wall street pressure to bail out banks that probably should have been allowed to fail . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm sure there are holes in this that i 've missed or misunderstood . 
  i 'd been awake for almost 24 hours when i wrote that . 
  if you can explain how i 'm completely off the mark , go ahead . 
  i 'd love to see the swiss guard defend the holy see from a horde of muslim invaders once more . 
  and then the russian gdp and those other statistics immediately tanked when the oil price crashed . 
  russia is the world 's biggest banana republic . 
  and they 're not pulling out of it because their oligarchs just take the profits for their own gold-plated mansions , instead of investing it into any kind of industrial diversification . 
  plus you seem to be very willing to shit on the democratic decisions and self-determination rights of other nations . 
  the baltics chose to join nato and pushed hard to be allowed in despite western resistance to the idea . 
  they were n't influenced into the decision by the west . 
  the biggest foreign influence was russia making some rather terrifying statements and threats . 
  i 'll just add that in this situation , the dual citizenship is a complicated legal paradox . 
  the government ca n't deny you from restoring your estonian citizenship , but you ca n't hold citizen status with both simultaneously . 
  i 'm not sure how the laws work on the us side , though . 
  before you do anything permanent , you should definitely look into whether or not you can restore your us citizenship after renouncing it once in favor of estonian citizenship . 
  do n't let that discourage you from looking into it . 
  people do get old and retire . 
  millennia is just the plural of millennium . 
  as several thousand years , not just a single thousand . 
  while more reasonable than chainmail bikinis and boob-plates , it is still fantasy armor . 
  at most , the triangular piece adds spacing that helps protect against blunt weapons that might otherwise dent the armor into the flesh . 
  all the gaps do serve the purpose of reducing weight , though . 
  production feasibility and realistic production methods go out of the window with magic winged humanoids .
