  you can hover over the actual unit-by-unit attack and defense values to see the full list of modifiers . 
  ai improvements , as noted by others . 
  also , a toggle button that disables the ai giving new orders for an army . 
  the biggest reason that the battleplan system is broken for players right now , is because the ai redeploys your troops when its ' not supposed to . 
  and there 's no way you can prevent that without deleting battleplans . 
  it also grows back from the map edge . 
  point is , it 's not even balanced . 
  current mechanics distinctly favor soviet 122mm guns over german and allied guns . 
  hydraulic suspension . 
  their entire hull angles up and down in siege mode , since the gun is fixed in position . 
  except ... that 's the wrong hand ( unless your right hand is missing , like the guy pictured ) . 
   was a reasonable thing to say as a family who sacrificed their son for the constitution . 
  except this is a false assumption . 
  his son sacrificed himself for the constitution . 
  we do not even know if the kahns approved of their son 's choice at the time or how much they were involved in their son 's decision , except for their claims after the fact . 
  considering mr. kahn has been involved with the political effort to implement sharia in the us , it 's not a stretch to think that their son joined the military to get away from the parents ' islamism . 
  the fake news scare is just propaganda moguls grasping at straws . 
  of course propaganda outlets like cnn do n't want anyone to look at actual journalism . 
  is n't mac just as bad with updates , though ? 
  more accurately , in this situation it counts as the ussr declaring war on the axis . 
  man , i thought i was done with this game . 
  arty made pve an exercise in frustration and i dislike pvp in general . 
  ... that 28gb update tho . 
  fuu ... gon na be a while , i guess . 
  i think it could be an interesting addition to the game . 
  possibly add a `` request recon plane '' ability ? 
  and for balance/spotting , i 'd say the better solution is to make the command vehicle visible and give it a map ping when it uses one of its ' call-in abilities , but do n't actually pin-point it on the map . 
  basically , same as arty used to have whenever it fired , but the map ping and becoming visible is n't just restricted to other arty . 
  have to disagree with the part about russia . 
  those sanctions may not have pressured russia to give back crimea , but they are causing cabin fever among the russian elite . 
  putin is sacrificing oligarchs and pitting them against each other under the guise of `` fighting corruption '' , in order to remain in power . 
  the longer russia attempts to weather the sanctions , the weaker their position is going to be when they finally have no choice but to negotiate with the west . 
  we keep on the pressure until putin bends knee to trump . 
  starting the negotiation with russia is just going to be more bad deals , like obama 's reset was . 
  unfortunately , that pipeline situation is n't as clear-cut as we 'd like to think , either . 
  for one , the nearby sioux were rather pissed at one point that the pipeline was being built around their territory ( which meant they could n't get any compensation money out of the project ) . 
  and then it turns out goldman sachs is deeply involved in the train company that is currently shipping the oil that would start going through the pipeline if it gets built . 
  look at poland 's side of the danzig or war events for adding belligerents . 
  declaring a new war typically results in the wars merging after a few days . 
  as for starting in a civil war : that 's currently not possible . 
  civil war countries are dynamically generated and given a temporary tag , which ca n't be done through history definitions afaik . 
  the actual split needs to happen in an ongoing game to work correctly . 
  best solution for this right now is a civil war event that 's guaranteed to fire on the first daily tick . 
  so you 're advocating that a trump reset will work where an obama reset did n't ? 
  please , putin will just take it as more western weakness and push to gain ground in eastern europe until his hand gets slapped again . 
  my parents 's clawed their way out of the ussr and made our country into something better than a russian shithole controlled by oligarchs . 
  and now you 're expecting us baltipedes to rejoice when you ask us to throw all that progress away because we `` must be friendly to putin '' ? 
  fuck that . 
  putin 's as corrupt as hillary . 
  the only reason he 's not in the corrupt globalist club is because he would n't be in charge of the club and because soros and his ilk are afraid he 'd take over if they let him in . 
  just let me show you this in case you missed the brief window while it was still visible : http://archive.is/7xwch, 
  let 's see how quickly this will get censored here . 
  so , how far did you get until a fe blocked the long way as well ? 
  happened to me with the cult . 
  the shipyard was just inside the borders of an fe . 
  you should look into space empires 4 and 5 . 
  older games , but pretty amazing with all the different options you can do with planets and stars . 
  i ca n't recall any other 4x game where you can actually build ringworlds or dyson spheres around stars . 
   why do you want a conflict with russia ? 
  i do n't . 
  but i also do n't think appeasement and backing down every time russia demands something ( territory , or reduction in military presence , or resignation of `` fascist '' governments ) from its ' neighbors is an acceptable solution . 
  and if you think that last one is ridiculous , i 'll have you know that 's exactly what the russian requested from estonia in 2007 after we moved a soviet memorial from the middle of the city to a military cemetery . 
  just face it , russia is a bully who often makes threats agaisnt its ' neighbors to get what they want . 
  they also cry `` provocation '' every time to baltics increase their military capabilities or request for increased nato presence . 
  and naturally , russian media pretends there is no connection between these `` provocations '' and their comments on how `` there 's no point in defending the baltics because russia can take them in 24 hours anyway '' . 
  how does improving our defense capabilities and alliance presence until russia actually ca n't take the baltics in 24 hours become `` seeking conflict with russia '' . 
  we want peace , which forces us to prepare for war . 
  the devnull mod for se5 makes it a lot better . 
  fair enough . 
  that 's a sensible point to hold . 
  i probably read too much into what you said , considering how often i 'm forced to argue with `` russia can do no wrong '' type idiots who tell me the baltics should be grateful that russia released them peacefully ( conveniently forgetting how soviet tanks did , in fact , run down and over protesters in latvia and lithuania ) . 
  apologies for my mistaken assumptions about you . 
  because the stuff you get from nkvd focus is pretty much always better . 
  first , you get -50 % pp cost for promoting communism and staging coups . 
  you also get +3 % reinforce rate . 
  with rehabilitated military , you get +2 % reinforce rate ( worse than nkvd bonus ) , +10 % org recovery ( which almost never matters ) , a research credit for land doctrine ( quickly pumping out doctrine research is n't important for the ussr , either ) and a measly 20 land experience ( which is useful for fixing some bad templates , but easily replaced by exercising with infantry if you take the nkvd path ), 
  if you complement the nkvd reduction to subversive activity cost with the effect from trotsky 's permanent revolution idea , you 've got an influence combo so powerful that it 's not even a contest on which option is better . 
  which ... the ussr wo n't be fighting in unless they 've already taken mainland europe and only the late-game slog of formalizing the inevitable world conquest remains . 
  more like : more farming equipment = more farmboys are available to be drafted . 
  even if the conservative scotus judges have nothing better to do , the worst scenario is still that the gay marriage issue goes back to the competence of the states , rather than being in effect at the federal level like it currently is . 
  and even from there , the worst case scenario is that some really conservative states stop new gay marriages until federal policy changes again . 
  blanket annulments of existing marriages are going to be almost impossible on account of being essentially grandfathered in . 
  their registrations were equal to regular marriage at the time of the marriage and completely legal , so the married couples have legal rights already . 
  there are serious constitutionality issues with trying to roll back existing gay marriages at this point . 
  the biggest scotus concern of trump supporters is the possibility of revoking 2a . 
  2nd amendment . 
  i doubt it . 
  trump supporters see 2a as basically the right to effective self defense against criminals with illegal guns . 
  conservative christians only care about abortion rights in the context of their tax dollars being used to subsidize the procedure . 
  they disapprove of it , but only so much that they wo n't use it themselves and do n't want their tax money being spent on it , not to the point of wanting to ban it outright . 
  anything else is loud fundamentalist minority or basic negotiation tactics . 
  if conservative politicians take the extreme position , it 's only because they need the negotiation room to actually meet in the middle compared to the left 's positions . 
  nah , the 100 % lie is n't a rounding error . 
  it 's the game straight-up lying to you and forgetting to account for some penalty in the interface calculation ( but still remembering it in the actual hit calculation ) . 
  difficult to say . 
  the borders of the central asian ssrs were deliberately redrawn at one point , in such a way that the different minority groups ended up as a narrow majority/plurality in one ssr , but a sizable minority in others . 
  the central asian ssrs were to be internally unstable and to have external disputes with their neighbors without an outside force ( the russians ) maintaining order and mediating disputes . 
  uhh ... is n't that basically the fleet cap ? 
  also , ai does run out of minerals after prolonged war . 
  regarding lasers vs armor : projectiles punch through armor unless it 's too thick/well angled .
