  prevention and deterrence are worth far more than punitive action , imo . 
  money , for the most part . 
  and the us-israel `` special relationship '' . 
  and iran is aspiring to be a nuclear power , which again , is a cause for serious concern for israel ( and pretty much nobody else ) . 
  personally , i 'm of the opinion the us , and the west in general , should just get out of the middle east and let them all settles their issues however they see fit without interfering . 
  no protecting israel . 
  no selling guns to the saudis . 
  just quarantine the whole quagmire and let the violence burn out one way or another . 
  if they have any human compassion in them at all , they will eventually become so sickened by the violence , strong pacifist movements will develop in islamic culture , much like they developed in europe after the horrors of wwi . 
  there 's no growth without growing pains . 
  and this is a college professor who was teaching future `` intellectuals '' . 
  this explains so much . 
  human traitor , perhaps ? 
  though honestly it 's all fanon speculation . 
  canon never went into much further detail , and the few images we see of the dragon people may very well be a picture of miria 's imagination based on what she learned from whatever written documents and confessions she got out of the fall of the organization 's hq . 
  sure , we see the two captured asarakam , but not actually what the lesser dragon people look like . 
  not to mention if the asarakam are as varied as awakened beings , the two specimens would n't be enough to establish an average for the rest of the species . 
  basically , at one point the admins told t_d not stop linking to r/politics . 
  so everyone started referring to to politics as r/redacted . 
  and this sub became a place where people link news items that politics moderators vigorously ban from their echo chamber of a sub , such as news of muslim crimes , blm crimes , or democrat corruption . 
  as much as it sickens me to have to defend that bitch , she 's toed the line with statements on that . 
  she 's never directly called the legitimacy of the election result into question to my knowledge , or outright accused trump or russia of tampering with the vote itself . 
  though she continues to , along with the rest of the democrats , accuse russia of manipulating the voters opinions with leaks and shit . 
  but if the american population has been dumbed down to the point that it 's susceptible to what they claim is blatant foreign propaganda and pr manipulation , then really they have noone to blame but obama for this . 
  [ being like everyone else , these days ] ( http://themetapicture.com/dont-conform/ ), 
  `` nationals '' , i.e born citizens . 
  not `` nationalists '' . 
  have to keep speeding up the trump train till it 's fast enough to reach andromeda galaxy before trump 's eight years are up . 
  for starters , the missing number behind the equals sign on line 20 ( @pol_political_focus ) is probably borking something up . 
  line 96 in the error log also suggests that the dependency pol_industrial focus ca n't be found ( i.e , it 's definition is n't being parsed correctly ) . 
  definitely tired of it , too , but still keeping it up as often as i have the energy to do so . 
  the big turning point was in the 1970s , when inflation was spiraling out of control due to various factors ; primarily government policy in the west aiming to have full employment of their population . 
  this became policy largely due to keynes arguing ( among other things ) that full employment would prevent the social conditions necessary for the rise of revolutionary fascist and communist movements , that full employment was not a natural outcome of free market processes , and that government regulation was thus necessary to achieve full employment . 
  then the stagflation crisis of the 70s happened , and rampant inflation became the devil that government policy was trying to avoid at all costs . 
  but similar to how the full employment policy target led to legislation that was massively gamed by unions for their own benefit until the economic order went into crisis , the same happened to legislation coming out of the `` avoid inflation '' policy . 
  only difference being , this time it was exploited by banks and other creditors until that system had a huge crash in 2007-8 . 
  i recommend listening to videos of mark blyth 's lectures and interviews . 
  he predicted the current inequality situation , as well as the populist backlash to it . 
  or even better , read his book on austerity . 
  okay , serious question . 
  how the fuck have you not just snapped and gone on a murder spree of as many of your asshole bosses and coworkers as you can ? 
  because after hearing that story from you just now , i think that 's probably how i would 've ended up if i 'd pursued and actually gotten a software developing job that job offer in a particular online gambling company . 
  looks like a major bullet dodged for a lot of people . 
  yeah , and if you give them full rights , then it pauses the ai crisis events until another empire becomes eligible to be the origin of the crisis . 
  playing with shit now ? 
  who are we ? 
  leave that to low energy idiots elsewhere , please . 
  yeah . 
  `` oh , server hdd finally gave up the ghost . 
  ill go and get the backups . 
  shit !, 
  it has n't been correctly backing up since we did that tiny change last year ! '', 
  the mineral/energy/food output is not the only thing that 's being rebalanced . 
  the way habitability works is also being fundamentally changed , so settling a low-habitability planet is n't going to be horrible anymore . 
  in addition , habitable worlds are going to be made less common overall , so stations are going to be more important from now on . 
  for one , homeworld resources are basically scripted anyway , so until the first colony is put down , all empires wait for the same amount of time for minerals . 
  cold homeworld empires will have more minerals for less investment on cold planets , yes . 
  wet homeworld empires with an abundance of food will have faster pop growth meaning they have more tiles worked faster . 
  and dry homeworld empires will be in a better position to build robots to compensate , not to mention they will be able afford to upkeep more stations and mining tiles with the extra energy . 
  but most importantly : every empire will be able to colonize cold worlds from the get go ; the pops will be less happy , but you 're not blocked outright if you need minerals . 
  there 's still plenty of choice . 
  if anything , i 'd say this provides additional playstyle diversity through homeworld choice , rather than empire playstyle being purely dictated by ethics picks . 
  unfortunately , reinforcement drop-ins do not provide soldier xp for their kills , afaik . 
  only enemies that were spawned on the map from the start do ; specifically to avoid this kind of farming . 
  great way of inflating soldier kill counts for bragging , though . 
  ... aaaand r/communism is already down to accusing these cubans of being descendants of slave-owners as well as enemies of the cuban state , which is somehow supposed to mean their stances on the matter a selfish , corrupt and invalid . 
  it 's mainly targeted at the russian minority in latvia . 
  about 10 % of the latvian population is basically non-citizen from the colonization efforts during the soviet occupation . 
  if it was politically feasible , they 'd be deported back to russia as illegal immigrants . 
  except russia does n't recognize them as citizens either , because they were n't living in the russian soviet republic when the ussr collapsed . 
  but they still have obligations to protect the russian diaspora somehow . 
  and the rest of russia 's stance in relation to its ' soviet history is likewise inconsistent and hypocritical . 
  effectively , they 're the ussr 's legal successor when it gives them legal or territorial claims , and simultaneously hold no obligations to foreign countries over soviet atrocities , because those were carried out by the communist regime that is unrelated to russia . 
  they never do , though . 
  unless the player is communist and influences them , they 're going to stay neutral . 
  it 's such a shame it 's raining today . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shitpoliticssays/comments/6hvsus/so_many_of_those_miami_cubans_are_descended_from/ ), 
  slavery as an institution has existed since pretty much the dawn of agriculture . 
  it existed in antiquity well before the advent of feudal society . 
  even tribal societies with barely any government practiced it . 
  and while people have sought to personally escape slavery throughout history , there 's no record of general abolitionism as an idea until the 18th century . 
  throughout feudal and pre-feudal history , existence of slavery was an unquestioned norm . 
  even slave revolts prior to the rise of abolitionism were about making a society where some other group was enslaved , not about making a society that had no slaves . 
  further examples :, 
  pro-ukrainian ethnic minorities like crimean tatars were being racially profiled and prevented from entering the voting stations . 
  and status-quo of remaining within ukraine under current terms was not even on the ballot . 
  only `` demand increased autonomy inside ukraine '' and `` demand independence '' . 
  slimgur was the site [ taken down ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2015/11/03/imgur-alternative-slimgur-taken-offline-by-targeted-child-porn-uploads/ ) for cp . 
  sli.mg was a different site set up around when slimgur went down , and nobody really knows why * they * disappeared . 
  meh , he can mend the schism by converting orthodoxy out of existence . 
  which should totally have events for it . 
  yes , that could work . 
  selecting one of those ideas fires an event that takes away xp , while having a requirement that you actually have enough xp that you do n't go negative . 
  even the word `` quarantine '' [ originates ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/quarantine/historyquarantine.html ) from 14th century italy , where ships originating from plague-infected ports had to stay anchored outside of big port cities like venice for 40 days before entering . 
  considering this clearly predates the new world expeditions of the 15th century ... 
  what exactly is it you 're asking evidence for , then ? 
  animist practices of native americans being less correct than notions like quarantine and european medical practices of the time ? 
  checked those out . 
  really cool for the baltics to finally have some unique flavor . 
  only gripe i really have is that estonia 's leader portrait looks way too young .
