  you mean capture ? 
  as far as i know , that 's regular game behavior . 
  yes , but before 2007 , browsers typically only provided information about the browser version , not about the operating system . 
  really ? 
  if you have a source for that , i 'd love to read up on it . 
  typically , the reason xp is still used is specialized third-party software , made in the mid-2000s by companies that have since stopped releasing updates . 
  some of these programs just do n't work with newer versions of windows , not even in xp-mode . 
  or they work , but produce wrong results . 
  that is the single valid reason to use xp . 
   before the creation of the soviet domain there were only a few internet pages in the ussr , mostly belonging to university colleges . 
  from the wikipedia page linked earlier . 
  slightly under 6 ' 5 '' here , and i have to tell you , it 's not perfect up here either . 
  being tall just means people expect me to be a proper strong and manly badass who could casually lift and hold up the front of a car while the tire 's being swapped . 
  and then there 's disbelief and/or quiet disappointment when they find out i 'm pretty much a wimpy nerd that gets winded from going up two or three sets of stairs . 
  block placing mode remains 2x2 even with the upgrades , though . 
  which is what c-corvus was calling for . 
  i 'm pretty sure the reason they brought back touch damage is because some of the unique monsters they added in do n't have any actual attacks or attack animations . 
  touch damage is the only way those can deal damage . 
  of course , it was completely retarded of them to give touch damage to all monsters . 
  should only be limited to the uniques that need it , and maybe monsters that generate with spiky body parts . 
  i see you 've had a sudden rush of shit to the brain , tiy . 
  disappointing . 
  damage on touch for all monsters actually reduces variety , because it essentially means all monsters have to be fought the same way ( i.e , do n't let them touch you ) . 
  no , if austria got own medicine , would into relevance ... as world 's biggest graveyard . 
  `` there are no minutemen nearby '' , every time . 
  you mean the engineering degree that only rich parents or a lifelong debt burden can afford to pay tuition for ? 
  that engineering degree ? 
  i see . 
  considering how unlikely it is to need help that close to a settlement , i 'm not surprised i 've never been in range . 
  another reason for so many jews being in poland and lithuania was the [ pale of settlement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pale_of_settlement ) , back when the russian empire controlled the area : the jews of the russian empire were only allowed to settle in the that region of the empire , which became lithuania and poland as russia collapsed into civil war . 
  to be fair , not all topics are easily eli5-ed , and the nuances of processor performance are probably one such topic . 
  comparing things to cars is force of habit to tech people , since typically the people that do n't understand computers are old enough to remember the times when it was common to do your own car maintenance and repairs . 
  i wonder how long it 'll be before they make `` innocence proves nothing '' the official motto of the justice system . 
  edit : there reference is to warhammer 40k , for those who did n't make the connection . 
  most accurate description of federal bureaucracy and law enforcement i 've seen to date . 
  nah , like the imperial inquisition in 40k . 
  right , every time that biased video comes up , i need to clear things up . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/3htk82/could_online_voting_help_bernie/cuahlyg ) to one of my earlier , more general refutations . 
  regarding the current topic of scalability and anonymity : the estonian e-voting system does make an attempt at secure anonymity through physical procedures , though . 
  the data associating a user 's vote with their identity is encrypted with the crypto keys of the voter 's id card . 
  meaning that ( in theory ) only the voter themselves could decrypt the associative data linking their identity and their vote . 
  in practice , of course , the crypto keys of the id card are not very strong encryption , and data encrypted with them could be cracked with brute force * . 
  thus , the associative data is physically removed from the server after the elections and destroyed , leaving the server with only vote results without any identifying data . 
  \\* - this is because the encryption keys on the id card are not intended for encryption , they 're intended for identity verification : your encrypted data ( signed ) can be decrypted with your public key , therefore you were the one who encrypted ( signed ) it . 
  while fraud itself scales better with electronic voting , fraud detection is much improved in e-elections as well . 
  the estonian e-voting system would detect large-scale fraud easily enough and make a public announcement saying the e-vote had been compromised . 
  from there , the voters would still be able to go to the ballot to cast their vote . 
  a lot of the `` insurmountable security hurdles '' of e-voting are actually fixed pretty easily by well-designed non-electronic procedures surrounding the election . 
  well , to be fair , it probably is much harder to maintain the same level of trust in a country so much larger than estonia . 
  for one , the estonian circle of it-people is pretty tightly knit . 
  the it guys doing oversight wo n't get away with it if they fuck up ( whether it 's accidental or because they 've been paid to fuck up ) . 
  for two , there 's legislation in place that makes it difficult for political parties to have influence over the election committee , which includes the sysadmin and developer components of the e-election . 
  and lastly , it 's not that big a deal for estonia to have to redo an election should major election fraud be discovered a few weeks or even months after the fact . 
  no , i 'm saying that weaknesses are known , that action has been taken to reduce the risks stemming from those weaknesses and that the weaknesses are under close scrutiny during the election process . 
  the e-election is not a 100 % secure , but i am fine with this because neither is a ballot election . 
  if anything , the e-election can be aborted while in progress and the voters instructed to take the physical ballot in the event that the e-vote has been compromised in some way . 
  something that is not possible if , for instance , a specific voting station is compromised by corrupt observers . 
  and the system is not a black box in the slightest . 
  the source code is available for review through official channels , and registered observers can verify it is the source they reviewed that is being run on the live servers . 
  yes , life in estonia did improve in the period following the introduction of flat taxes . 
  the size of the government bureaucracy has bloated in the past few years , and the speed at which gdp ( and quality of life ) have improved has slowed down in the same timeframe . 
  however , all of these relationships are correlation at best , and i highly doubt there 's a causative relationship there . 
  however , the introduction of a flat income tax ( plus the lack of a corporate tax ) did probably make estonia more attractive as an investment target in the late 90s and the 2000s . 
  yep . 
  it might have something to do with how russia still uses conscript rotation to fill the ranks of active vessels , as opposed to just running the conscripts through training ships and only letting professionals operate the active vessels . 
   there are almost no one-shot kills , not even from arty . 
  this is actually very literal . 
  incoming damage is capped at 90 % of the target 's health pool * , even if the shell 's damage potential should make it a one-shot . 
  however , the extra damage inflicted by an ammo-rack hit applies on top of the 90 % cap , making one-shot kills still technically possible . 
  \\* - ( the damage is actually capped only for undamaged tanks ), 
  however , all this is mostly relevant in pve mode , where you see tanks with exceptionally low hp . 
  and it 's really annoying that no matter what you do , you ca n't one-shot a tank with 400 max hp with shells that ought to do 450 average damage . 
  i ca n't think of any tanks that have low enough hp in pve to be at risk of being one-shotted . 
  depends on the size of the crew . 
  it 's entirely possible to need 15 modelers and animators when you 're making new hd models for everything in the game . 
  and when that 's complete , you 'll only have work for 5 of them , and the other 10 would just be sitting around with nothing to do . 
  another big issue with putting the `` genocide '' label on things like what is is doing and what happened in rwanda , is that it would open the door for past acts of genocide to be called as such . 
  for instance , many soviet war crimes could be labeled as genocide as well ; and russia is never going to let anyone tarnish the great patriotic war . 
  likewise , genocide of indigenous populations was a major part of colonialism . 
  so the us , uk , france and other colonial nations do n't want to open that can of worms either . 
  nah , only white people that lose the war can commit genocide . 
  because you 're german , probably . 
  bing probably thinks germans are harder to fool . 
   whats the point for estonia to send intelligence officer to russia for an intelligence-gathering mission with gun , special equipment and a lot of cash ? 
  you state this as fact , when russia could easily have produced the gun , equipment and cash . 
   whats the point for russia to invade a nato country , kidnap innocent estonian citizen and hand him back one year later alive and healthy ? 
  he was n't returned , he was exchanged for a russian spy imprisoned by estonia . 
  there is also the * fact * that russian border officials signed a border violation protocol , stating that a group of men illegally crossed the border from russia into estonia , and several hours later , back into russia . 
  which russian media first reported on as real , but then started claiming as a forgery . 
  the cartels ? 
  you can configure your steam library to be placed on a different drive from within steam , though . 
  hmm ... 
  i agree , but this should definitely have a downside , though . 
  perhaps everyone in town gets 10 stress , anxiously worried that the monsters and brigands are preparing for an attack . 
  otherwise it 's just `` safely '' cycling missions until you get a trinket reward that 's worth the risk of going on a mission . 
  tier 9s ? 
  fuck you . 
  i 'm still grinding the credits for my first tier 6 . 
  not everyone has the time to spend 12h a day playing aw . 
  i suspect those scumbags have what i like to call the cartman syndrome .
