  until you hit level 30 ( mage ) or 45 ( warrior , sneak ) , there will be many battles you simply ca n't win and dungeons you ca n't clear . 
  estonians were moderately religious christians during the interwar period during the 19th century . 
  however , it was really a mixed bag of lutherans , baptists and orthodox , along with a number of smaller confessions . 
  religion was not a central part of the national identity , however , and i 'd say soviet repressions against religion were more effective here . 
  lithuania , on the other hand , historically had close ties to poland ( see : polish-lithuanian commonwealth ) , and catholicism was an important part of their historical narrative . 
  therefore , they resisted anti-religious propaganda and repressions . 
  admittedly , being an estonian baptist , it 's quite likely my interpretation is biased . 
  purity is the one that appeals to me , with supremacy a close second . 
  harmony is a flat no , though . 
  i just ca n't fathom the idea of forgetting and devaluing everything about old earth and all the history that made the present possible in the name of a bright and prosperous future . 
  only khajiit ? 
  i could 've sworn argonians could novice locks without training , too . 
  essentially , because i = \u221a -1 , therefore i ^ 2 = -1, 
  though the above is n't a correct answer . 
  personally , i 've had very few `` oh crap ! '', 
  moments greater than those surprise dragon shadows in requiem . 
  and they 're all from alien : isolation . 
  that 's how scary fun requiem can be . 
  who needs an office ? 
  we just need to find a small town that 's desperate enough for money that erecting the statue in public space would cost less than the statue itself !, 
  eh , my previous battlestation decided to rip and mistakes were made buying the new one . 
  bought my current battlestation before i was aware that i7 was over-hyped and not actually better than i5 . 
  i especially regret how i actually downgraded my gpu choice from ... one of the 700-series ( ca n't recall which one i had my eye anymore ) to that 650 to afford the i7 : /, 
  jokes on you . 
  eesti already have [ eksperimental satellite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estcube-1 ) in orbit . 
  was n't there one already , though ? 
  warhammer : something something chaos ? 
  edit : warhammer : mark of chaos ( 2006 ) , by black hole entertainment, 
  unless i 'm forgetting something ( which is possible ) , a technical mq pacifist run is still possible . 
  at least in theory . 
  the only enemy you absolutely must defeat is alduin , the first time , you have paarthunax assisting you in the fight . 
  the second time you have the heroes of sovngarde . 
  in theory , you could use illusion and restoration to heal and buff them as they do the killing . 
  in practice , alduin and his mist men will murder you . 
  hence the technical pacifist qualification . 
  i absolutely love lex , though lately i 've been using kunai to have a silent ranged weapon alongside my trusty ol' snipetron vandal . 
  been grinding for lex prime , but no luck yet . 
  we are all terrible ~ ~ people ~ ~ nationballs , are n't we ? 
  iirc , the college instructors are supposed to sell master level tomes of their specialty , but you need to wait until they restock their merchant inventory before the tomes show up . 
  i also recall that phinis gestor , specifically , was bugged and it took some extra trickery to get the conjuration tomes to show up for him . 
  take this with a grain of salt , though : it was a while ago ( 1.7.3 ) since i played a 100 conjuration character , and i 'm a bit hazy on all the details . 
  it may have been a mod conflict on my part , not a universal bug for requiem itself , i do n't remember anymore . 
  a good story , though i do have one minor gripe : 16 light years would definitely still be in our galaxy . 
  in fact , the nearest galaxy to ours is 25 000 or 81 000 light-years away from ours ( depending on who you ask ; some scientists do n't consider the closer of the two to be a ` true ' galaxy ) . 
  the amount of empty space in , well , ** space ** , is really quite mind-boggling . 
  true enough . 
  16 light-years could easily be the uninhabited system next door . 
  especially since it 's never specified where the message was received . 
  sadly , the feel of a new playthrough is hard to recapture in requiem once you reach high levels . 
  i typically just start an entirely new character . 
  besides that ... trying to master heavy armor is a good idea . 
  i also recommend restricting yourself to buying alchemy ingredients . 
  you 're a big-shot master wizard now , and have bigger , more important things to do with your time than frolic on the plains of whiterun gathering tundra cotton, 
  that 's minor . 
  the really annoying stuff is when they offer you a deal and then refuse to accept the deal they just offered . 
  yeah , i can attest to that last part . 
  i 've been killed mid-animation several times after activating valkyr 's ultimate when i 'm low on hp . 
  still learning the ins and outs of the frame . 
  same in my case , except it was south america , africa and polystralia taking turns pestering me for oil every other turn . 
  and every time they came to me with an offer , they said `` i 'd have to offer them a better deal '' . 
  listen , ai : that 's not how resource monopolies work . 
  yeah , wot is known to have a terribly unoptimized engine . 
  it 's one of the reasons why they decided to stop introducing hd tank textures and remove the existing ones from the game recently . 
  even if they do add weather effects , i doubt they 'll be anything but cosmetic . 
  the vision mechanics are already the biggest strain on the server side of running the game . 
  depends a lot on how it gets implemented . 
  it could easily become a new variable the server needs to check , thus increasing the strain . 
  not the models . 
  just the textures . 
   your are not a storyteller , you are an obstacle course, 
  this was a hard one for me . 
  mainly because i only became a dm because i wanted to be a storyteller . 
  three years and several bust play-by-post games on myth-weavers later , i finally gave up gming because i realized i was in it for the wrong reasons . 
  it is n't directly altered , but requiem adds perks that ignore a certain percentage of a target 's armor rating , which means that armor ratings above 750 are still useful for maintaining full damage reduction even against enemies with partial armor penetration ability . 
  edit : edited for clarity . 
  no idea about your question , but i recommend x-posting to / r/eesti . 
  that one is a far more lively subreddit than this one . 
  the disconnected perk in the restoration tree resets it , iirc . 
  there 's also the option of turning off shrines checking for criminal status in mcm , which i think would be absolutely justified in your case . 
  those `` murders '' should not have counted at all . 
  oops . 
  looks like i misremembered . 
  that feature was a patch in [ patch central ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/54562/?tab=2&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fskyrim%2fajax%2fmodfiles%2f%3fid%3d54562&amp;pup=1 ) . 
  sorry about the misinformation . 
  as said by winsingtoniii , 769 or 867 starts . 
  1066 is just not going to work . 
  you have very little chance of becoming feudal before the christians start coming after you with holy war cbs . 
  one thing i did was use ruler designer to create a norse ruler . 
  had to spend a while to sort out the internal issues of having the wrong religion , but once my court was norse as well , making money by raiding became much easier . 
  it may also be worth it to fully siege weak neighbours for captives . 
  ransom money is quite significant for a small estonia . 
  contact me if/when you need a code monkey . 
  the experience would be reward enough for me . 
  a couple of them do , but most of them do n't . 
  it 's been said before that requiem is in a weird spot right now . 
  the choice between using 1.7 or 1.8 comes down to how important the other mods are for you . 
  based on personal experience , the hearthfire patch works . 
  ccor patch kind of works ; buggy but nothing game-breaking . 
  civil war overhaul patch breaks 1.8 requiem . 
  i was something like 13-14 and my family had just moved to a new apartment .
