  on top of that , there 's the issue of the russian air force being largely scrap metal . 
  only a small portion of it can actually keep itself in the air , and the rest is just reserve aircraft used as spare parts for maintaining the air-worthy planes . 
  the health care system is kind of unremarkable . 
  not good enough that other countries try to learn from our model , but it also does n't make headlines with how terrible it is . 
  its ' main problem is that there are long waiting periods for certain types of specialist doctors , and that the public healthcare fund tends to run out of money toward the end of the year . 
  normally , the healthcare fund pays 60-100 % of the cost of a medical procedure or expensive types of prescription medicine . 
  when the money runs out in mid-december , people will have to wait until the new year for getting their stuff , or paying full price . 
  as for homosexuality , civil unions were recently legalized , but it was done in a really condescending way that seriously pissed off anyone remotely conservative . 
  to the point that the moderate leftists that are still capable of considering the other side of the argument are now worried about conservatives radicalizing . 
  this definitely is n't the case in estonia . 
  having aids marks you as a hard-drug addict . 
  while the us was having the height of its ' gay scare , estonia was a soviet republic , and homosexuality was something that only existed in the decadent west . 
  it 'll take a while , though . 
  did n't they have a non-compete clause that forbade them from starting a different car show for a year or three ? 
  that 's the thing , though . 
  a `` wrong '' degree should not be worth the same amount of tuition as a `` right '' degree . 
  if the tuition of a degree is so high , you wo n't be able to pay off the student debt with the jobs you can get with it , then the college is overcharging for it . 
  and colleges can overcharge for degrees solely because student loans are so readily available . 
  you forget gulag , comrade . 
  iirc , the ram limit of a 32bit program is around 3,5 gb , which sounds about right , if you 've got 3gb out of 8 left . 
  if that 's true , then the only thing you can possibly try is getting faster ram . 
  although , you could look into getting a large address awareness patch . 
  a lot of games these days are `` fake '' 32bit for backwards compatibility , and just need a single flag in their executable flipped to enable them to take advantage of 64bit memory range . 
  admittedly , eso is an mmo client , so i 'm not sure how it would work in that case . 
  i 've only used laa patches for single player games like falloutnv and skyrim . 
  i initially understood the title to mean that the ship was not capable of firing the guns because of a design flaw , and i had a hard time imagining the french could be that incompetent . 
  [ looking it up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_battleship_mass%c3%a9na#general_characteristics_and_machinery ) , the ship could fire , but not with any reasonable accuracy . 
  the massena was almost a 1000 tonnes heavier than designed and the the weight was too far forward . 
  the stability issues stemming from this imbalance were the reason for the guns ' inaccuracy . 
  only alternate start and the alternate start patch ( and the various requiem compatibility patches ) are supposed to be loaded after requiem . 
  so basically :, 
  [ everything else ], 
  [ requiem patches ], 
  alternate start - live another life.esp, 
  betterquestobjectives-alternatestartpatch . esp, 
  requiem for the indifferent.esp, 
  eh , that 's what mods are for . 
  seriously . 
  try requiem if you found vanilla skyrim lacking . 
  it gives back a lot of meaningful choice in skill development and perk choice . 
  though admittedly , it does n't do much for the quests . 
  personally , i consider the story and side-quests of oblivion and skyrim to be casualties of progress . 
  if either of those games would have used text-based npc interactions , instead of voiceover dialogue , they would probably have flopped pretty hard . 
  because ultimately , making a profit with a game these days is either about appealing to the lowest common denominator , or about making production as cheap as possible . 
  let 's be honest , there are a lot worse cases of mental gymnastics out there . 
  the part about giving everyone a fair trial in particular has a point . 
  otherwise we might as well let the cops , prosecutors and/or the media decide who 's guilty and who 's innocent . 
  do you really think it would be a good thing to add more to [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wrongful_convictions_in_the_united_states ) ? 
  hmm ... the problem , if it were solved to n = 30 , would give me the number of possible solutions , yes . 
  it was definitely enlightening to read about the self-avoiding lattice ( sal ) problem . 
  but solving my request also requires finding out the amount of unsolvable mazes ... and now that i think about it , mazes according to my rules are not limited to sal solutions . 
  a single maze is allowed to have more than one solution . 
  thus , the amount of valid mazes must also be larger than the n = 30 solution of sal . 
  i think this can safely be filed away as unsolvable ( or at least way too hard to solve without a degree in math ) . 
  am i allowed to award request points for proving something to be too hard to solve ? 
  thanks for the help . 
  you did , after all , actually research the problem . 
  ca n't fault you for the problem being effectively unsolvable . 
  honestly ... this is n't helpful or encouraging to someone who lacks motivation and ambition . 
  it only makes people with these problems more depressed , because a ) we do n't feel like winners ; and b ) now we feel even more worthless , because we ca n't even feel like winners the way normal people should . 
  it does . 
  consider that gravity is always there . 
  no gravity well has an absolute cutoff range . 
  random asteroids flying about in the solar system will always end up being pulled toward the gas giants more than they are pulled toward earth . 
  even if jupiter fails to capture an asteroid on its ' own , and the asteroid escapes jupiter 's sphere of influence , the failed capture still slows down the asteroid , making it more likely to miss the earth and fall into the sun . 
  out of curiosity , how does the script determine if a maze is solvable ? 
  and does the script allow diagonal movement in testing solvability ? 
  when i first created my code , i gave up on the task before i figured out a good algorithm for testing map solvability . 
  mostly because the class ended and what i was doing was way beyond the purpose of the original exercise anyway ( that being detection of user input and movement on a grid ) . 
  not really . 
  disregarding outright captures , jupiter influencing inbound * asteroids disrupts their orbit in a way that makes them more likely to hit the sun . 
  jupiter influencing outbound asteroids disrupts their orbit in a way that makes them more likely to be captured ( and eventually impact ) jupiter on a future pass . 
  jupiter needs to a fairly specific position to redirect an asteroid closer to earth . 
  and even then the incoming asteroid needs to have the `` right '' approach , to be redirected toward earth , rather than being directed away from it . 
  and while the positions are wrong , jupiter is just catching free-flying asteroids out of the solar system itself , or redirecting them into the sun . 
  asteroids that might eventually have hit earth , if jupiter did n't doom them first in some way . 
  \\* that is , asteroids moving toward the sun, 
  good idea , that . 
  i did n't have a `` visited '' state for a maze tile in my original code , and i did n't think to include one at the time . 
  existing player, 
  it is true , though . 
  one of the reasons nazi germany was so successful in the early stages of operation barbarossa was because the soviet reserves supporting the front line units were equipped for supporting an offensive ; for resuppling frontline units with fuel , ammo and replacement tanks . 
  if the ussr had intended to only defend its ' territory , then those formations would instead have been equipped to establish defensive positions and lay minefields . 
  could be intentional on the ussr 's part , though . 
  after ww2 , the ussr deliberately redrew borders in eastern europe and the caucasus in such a way that conflicts would break out if the areas somehow became independent . 
  see [ moldova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria_war ) , [ georgia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgian_civil_war ) and [ armenia/aserbaijan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war ), 
  not at all the situation . 
  the logistical preparations for barbarossa took more time than anticipated . 
  postponing the invasion into next year was considered , but hitler insisted on going ahead with it , because he was severely underestimating russia 's ability to quickly reform the red army . 
  mind you , his assumptions about the ussr being a third-rate military power were not entirely unfounded at the time . 
  stalin had recently purged most of its ' officers corps . 
  and after the disastrous winter war against finland , even the brits considered the soviets to be third-rate as a military power , and were at one point reluctant to provide equipment to what might have been a completely lost cause . 
  in addition , nobody expected the ussr to successfully relocate so much of its ' industrial capability from western russia to secure areas behind the urals . 
  if they had n't done that , then the nazis would likely have captured or cut off about half the russian tank factories in kharkov and leningrad , and the soviets would never have been able to produce the t-34 in the numbers required to mount successful counteroffensives against the german advance . 
  definitely something that needs the controversial tag ... 
  the problem being , russians ( at least the ones who would even consider seceding ) in estonia are soviet colonists , not native inhabitants . 
  if they dislike it here in estonia , they should go back to their motherland , not demand that the areas they settled in get ceded to russia . 
  would you consider putting a swastika on the israeli flag offensive ? 
  donesktifying the estonian flag is not as offensive as that , but the principle is similar and it 's still offensive . 
  ninja edit : to clarify , i do n't consider it offensive myself , but i can certainly see other estonians being offended by it .
