  here in estonia , many aspects of public education and the standards of an admission process are directly regulated by law . 
  as far as paying for education goes , there is significant variance by field . 
  for instance , law schools typically have so many applicants that there 's a competitive entry test for everyone and only a certain number of top applicants are accepted , regardless of how much the parents are willing to pay . 
  on the other hand , getting in to a less popular field like chemistry is much easier if you 're willing to pay for it ( or at least used to be when i applied , i know they 've changed the law significantly since then ) . 
  in the case of a public education system like that , colleges * do * owe you a fair admission process ( though they still do n't owe you admission ) . 
  but of course , ` murica has a seriously messed up for-profit higher education system and none of what i 've described applies to that . 
  up until this point , i 've been basically undecided in how i feel about the theory of evolution . 
  i 've accepted it 's true for a long time , but it has always felt like a failing of my faith . 
  and i admit some things are still a bit confusing to me . 
  for instance , what would be the explanation of [ genesis 3:24 ] in this context ? 
  took part in the first programming class of my two-year course . 
  c++ ( which i have not learned before ) feels a lot clumsier than c # ( which i am passingly familiar with ) . 
  also , the math classes reminded me why i used to hate math in high school ( equation systems ) . 
  strangely , being four years older than i was during high school exams , everything seems a lot easier . 
  even though i only passed math thanks to a few technicalities ( and convincing bullshit excuses ) . 
  if you turn of custom subreddit formatting , then you can see it 's almost entirely circlejerk content . 
  i 've seen plenty of comments that are mildly supportive ( or at least not critical ) of religion and those also get shat on and yelled at , depending on subreddit . 
  a ) try viewing it from a computer . 
  then you 'll see why the content does not matter that much . 
  b ) because then the subreddit still makes no sense even when you do n't see the subreddit formatting, 
  there 's also a mod that prevents the college questline from progressing until you have a certain level of spellcasting skill . 
  and it does so in a very immersive way , by adding an arrogant , jerk of a teacher who 's vaguely responsible for educating you ( i.e , insulting you for being crap ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/56699/ ? ), 
  hmm ... instead of being protected by the insects directly , the insects `` chase '' the party to a tribe of primitive natives ( actually just escort them , rather than chasing them , and protect from unseen predators ) . 
  the tribe greets the party as extremely honored guests and proceeds to treat them as such , while the insects do not pursue into the village . 
  the tribe actually worships the insects , though it 's not immediately obvious . 
  small , innocuous idols that might also be hunting trophies . 
  a sacrificial ground a short distance into the jungle , but well out of plain sight . 
  things like that . 
  language barrier might be a problem . 
  the reveal happens when someone in the village explains that the party has saved them from having to offer one of their own to the insects for the next few months . 
  or when the first pc dies by insects bursting out from their chest . 
  yep . 
  the mod is even named ` college days ' . 
  no , it 's because a glass crossbow is a ` light ' crossbow , while an orcish cb is a ` heavy ' cb . 
  the glass crossbow will reload significantly faster than the orcish one . 
  of course , you do n't notice this if you use the unequip/reequip exploit to instantly reload crossbows . 
  a president may be present in a parliamentary democracy , though if it is , then the position is typically ceremonial , rather than an office with any real power . 
  ... except russia is a `` guided '' democracy . 
  which is to say that they are a dictatorship that likes to pretend they have free elections . 
  health does n't , afaik , but stamina does . 
  archery skill might factor in too , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  edit : oh , and archery/light armor perks matter . 
  anything that makes you faster in general also increases reload speed . 
  not that familiar with bitcoin , but i have seen [ this plan to create a bitcoin centre in estonia ] ( http://www.arcticstartup.com/2014/09/01/estonian-bitcoin-castle ) . 
  reload is a costly action ? 
  even with the reload perk ? 
  so the perk description is off , it 's not a free reload . 
  it just wo n't end your turn right away . 
  iirc , that chest belongs to one of the travelling khajiit merchants . 
  probably the one that stops in dawnstar . 
  i looked it up a long while ago . 
  of course , i use requiem so all the merchant chests reachable normally to me now . 
  taking from them is theft , of course , and most have master level locks . 
  belorussian ; same thing basically . 
  it 's not just a far-fetched `` could happen '' , i 'm afraid . 
  exactly that has already happened in denmark in 2012 . 
  [ gay danish couples win right to marry in church ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/9317447/gay-danish-couples-win-right-to-marry-in-church.html ), 
  if that is n't a restriction on the human right to freedom of religion , i do n't know what is . 
  thanks for clarifying that . 
  i did not realize denmark was not secular , and as far as i can tell , the article i linked ( and all others i 've read on the same matter ) clearly states that the court win forces all churches in denmark to perform gay weddings , and make no mention of denmark having a state church . 
  ... and now that i 've done some more thinking , that in particular is a british news article , another country where separation of church and state is not assumed to be the norm . 
  it 's really a shame there 's no trustworthy , impartial news on this topic . 
  it 's either bashing on and ridiculing people that disapprove of gay marriage , or exaggerating to drum up fear among people those same people . 
  getting infected with the initial disease causes a big hp penalty , usually killing low-level characters . 
  when you instantly die , you are successfully infected ... but you have such low hp you die before you turn into a vampire . 
  being argonian probably reduces your chances of being infected . 
  getting the disease for one hour sounds weird . 
  do you still get some type of hp penalty ? 
  maybe some partial resistance type thing is bugging out there . 
  i have n't properly experimented in the 1.8 + versions , but does n't the full transition to vampirism require you to sleep a few times ? 
  havok physics , probably . 
  all ( or most ) buildings crumbling into persistent pieces as they are rammed or hit by he . 
  wg is definitely working on it , not sure how long it will actually take though . 
  depending on the legal sorcery behind the loan : either your parents have a house they can take or it 's through some government program = the collateral comes from the government 's '' +5 bottomless sack of taxpayer money '' . 
  nah , the brits can ' be that stupid . 
  they 're probably just secretly taking apart the f-35s they buy and build two or three better planes from the materials . 
  i think this goes into the inherent logical paradoxes of trinity that we , as humans , can not understand . 
  we can only believe or not believe . 
  god was/is the son , and the son did die . 
  therefore god did also die . 
  however , god is also the father and the holy spirit , neither of which has ever died . 
  therefore , god has never died either . 
  trinity is confusing like that . 
  trying to apply mortal logic to trinity results in a logical paradox ( god = / = god ) . 
  well , i can attest that oneshotting someone as arty is also satisfying , especially since it takes about 15 times of hearing `` that was close ! '', 
  after firing a fully-aimed shot . 
  sure , i play ck2 and i am really looking forward to getting hoi4 . 
  i 've tried others but the main downside is none of those have an estonian start , so i have to mess around to play a game as my home country . 
  well , for one , that decision was clearly sacrificing grunt . 
  for two , it was a rather major gamble , considering how the queen could actually be indoctrinated herself and just lying to shepard . 
  edit : it 's been a long time since i played me1 , and after thinking a moment , i 'm not sure if sure letting her live in me1 was paragon and killing her was renegade , like i originally though when posting . 
  martenz05 , unimaginative , i know . 
  see , the moment you 're having drunken sex with a woman that is n't your significant other means you 've already fucked up . 
  seriously , if i could n't keep my dick in my pants while drunk , then i should be drinking less . 
  if i could n't keep it in my pants period , then it 'd mean i was still a on the level of a horny teenager and would n't have the right to call myself a man . 
  iirc , there 's a possibility for a bug in beta 13 , where you lose the starting continent bonus if a country on that continent leaves . 
  apparently , it does n't happen every time , though . 
  how heavily do the vampires focus on barbas ? 
  with a good two-handed weapon and the appropriate perks , it 's entirely possible to kill a vampire fairly quickly .
