  not sure about `` unluckiest ever '' but recently , a codex on two hp crit my full-health lw2 ranger to death . 
  through flashbang , full cover and smoke penalties . 
  and my ranger missed the covering fire overwatch to boot . 
  since a lot of people do n't realize the discrepancy here :, 
  a post ca n't be `` 99 % upvoted '' if the total score is only 3 . 
  if it has 3 upvotes vs 0 downvotes , then it would be 100 % upvoted . 
  if it had 4 upvotes and 1 downvote , it would be 80 % upvoted . 
  and the larger we make the numbers of upvotes vs downvotes while keeping the total at 3 , the closer it would go to 50 % upvoted . 
  this 99 % upvoted thing ca n't happen unless the reddit algorithm is screwing around with fractional votes to automatically balance out the upvote count of specific subreddits with fractional downvotes . 
  essentially , it means an upvote at the_donald is only worth 99 % of an upvote in another subreddit . 
  i see you made the mistake of calling italy into the war . 
  you need to have your login saved , and have hoi4 linked to your paradox account ( happens automatically through steam , if you link your steam account with pdx forums ) . 
  this is part of paradox ' anti-piracy effort : if you ca n't prove you own a copy of the game , you do n't get access to the game 's official forums . 
  indeed . 
  japanese manga artists need to kill themselves if they stop drawing . 
  the arabs do n't have to muster up the courage for seppukku . 
  you realize russians did not have majority in ukraine and that according to the ukrainian constitution , their country 's territory is an indivisible whole , right ? 
  that the russian `` majority '' in crimea does n't have the right to speak for the whole country , which would be required for ukraine to cede away some of its ' own territory ? 
  are you suggesting that if the russian majority in brighton beach cried out for putin to save them and integrate to russia , then the us should just let it happen ? 
  china 's not really communist anymore , and has n't been for a while . 
  it 's a state capitalist dictatorship with imperialist ambitions . 
  the generation currently dominant in their politics is just keeping around the communist paint-job out of cultural respect for their elders . 
  instead of disrespecting their elders by disagreeing and debating on the matter with the gerontocratic holdouts , they 're just waiting for them to die off so they can make the change . 
  you really should . 
  you get a `` super vampire '' transformation and a vampire perk tree . 
  it 's something you should try at least once . 
  this . 
  cleaning is a lot more important than it sounds . 
  that negative mood from being in a filthy environment does n't seem much , but it 's usually the difference between pawns suffering mental breaks and keeping it together long enough to get back to positive mood . 
  tip : upgrade planner actually harvests the wood instantly if you also have long reach . 
  create an empty mod folder from the launcher 's mod tab and copy-paste the files of your mod into the directory it creates . 
  perhaps only techs that provide ship modules and military doctrine techs ? 
  you 're locked out of researching structure , strat resource and most society techs while at war ? 
   remember when you saved the world by killing alduin ? 
  yeah , you kinda got ta keep that up now . 
  i forgot about that questline . 
  i probably should get around to finding that esbern guy at some point . 
  jokes aside , i run requiem . 
  dawnguard can spot a vampire from a mile away . 
  ai n't no fooling them . 
  yep , requiem is an immersion overhaul mod . 
  among its ' other changes , dawnguard members attack the player on sight if they 're a vampire , blocking you from progressing in their questline as long as you 're a vampire . 
  requiem vampires are tough as hell , though . 
  i 've never actually played and leveled a single character long enough to be able to survive to the end of dimhollow with the mod . 
  [ zipang ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zipang_\\ ( manga \\ ) ) is somewhat similar : modern jsdf ddg mysteriously travels back in time to just before the battle of midway and they have to start making some hard choices about changing the past as it becomes clear they wo n't be able to return . 
  whoever wrote that is a moron who has no understanding of how international law and government continuity works . 
  i 'd refute it point-by-point ... but the language of that text is so horribly broken and full of circular logic that it 's impossible to make out coherent points to refute . 
  it 's basically saying `` the frg is an illegitimate country because the frg is an illegitimate country . 
  also nazis , ww2 peace treaties and fascism . '', 
  without bringing forward any proof of connections between the frg and the `` also '' group . 
  it also fails to argue why a connection to the `` also '' group would implicitly make a country `` illegitimate '' . 
  the point remains that the text is utterly incoherent and often even conflicts with itself . 
  for instance :, 
   a sovereign germany is impossible without russia, 
  this is utter nonsense : if germany needs russian consent to `` legitimately '' exist , then germany is not sovereign by definition . 
  if an external sovereign ( i.e russia ) can dictate whether germany 's government is legitimate , then germany is a non-sovereign subject of that outside government , not a sovereign entity . 
  beyond that : shaef is a complete red herring in this discussion . 
  it was a military command structure created to organize the allied military formations on the western front . 
  while it carried out military police operations in occupied/liberated territory , it never had any political decisionmaking power over the civilian or political leadership aspects of a post-war germany . 
  smad did have a governance role as the military government administrating soviet-occupied germany after the war , but it was replaced by the government of east germany as the soviets set it up . 
  but again , it was a military organ carrying out policy decided by the civilian political administration ( as much as one existed in the ussr ) . 
  it did not decide its ' own policy or have any legitimate power to make `` legitimate '' international decisions ; those decisions happened above the paygrade of smad generals , even if the generals ' advice was taken into consideration by the ussr leadership . 
  i 'd add that it 's also because supporters tend to respect the rules of this place , particularly the css-disabled downvote button , while the liberal trolls do n't . 
  it basically means the liberals have a force multiplier : not only can they upvote what they agree with , they can also downvote what they do n't . 
  whereas centipedes only upvote what they agree with . 
  right , the idea is a legitimate combatant has to wear distinguishing marks in combat . 
  it 's fine to disguise soldiers and vehicles with enemy symbols , but they have to be removed before the soldier/vehicle actually starts fighting . 
  if caught and identified while disguised , the legal course of action would be for the disguised soldier/vehicle to surrender without resistance . 
  the idea behind it is a ) that false-flag attacks are a crime against peace . 
  it 's a war crime to frame a country for attacks they did n't commit . 
  and b ) without distinguishing marks of your own side , you are not a legitimate combatant . 
  you are either a civilian , a spy , or a terrorist and the rules of war do not extend to you . 
  finally , under that `` no cheating in war '' logic of yours , we might as well abolish the entire concept of war crimes , pow rights and a number of other important rules of war . 
  civilians support the enemy war machine with their labor , so how is it `` cheating '' to deliberately attack them in order to weaken the enemy ? 
  how are chemical and biological attacks `` cheating '' , if victory is all that matters ? 
  there is so little oversight of the cia that our only option is to trust their word on it . 
  between snowden 's leaks on the nsa and vault 7 suggesting the cia basically has its ' own nsa branch with even less oversight , cia 's word on the matter is no longer enough of an assurance . 
  `` the soviets was n't real ~ ~ communism ~ ~ socialism ! '', 
  i do n't , mostly because they kept walking into my shouts , 2h power attacks and/or spells . 
  and subsequently turning on me or dying . 
  not only that , but this march also cleans up after itself , instead of expecting a munch of men paid by the city to do it for them . 
  we now know that cia can forge evidence of a russian connection . 
  therefore trump must actually have russian connection . 
  what i mean is , the guy i responded to was saying this vault 7 leak is somehow evidence reinforcing the case for trump having russian connections , when in reality the evidence of cia 's forgery abilities weakens that argument and muddies the waters if anything . 
  it depends on whether you advance an actual stable front to stalingrad/moscow , or just rush the vps with motorized units . 
  because every core province counts as 0.1 vp , and russia has a lot of provinces . 
  plus sizes also have a difference in cut . 
  it 's been there since conclave . 
  if you got the rare event for a spawn child and then actually got to play as the spawn , you would have seen the same thing . 
  `` real honest negotiation . '', 
  because that turned out so well with a revanchist germany after a warmonger took power there on a platform of fixing the injustices inflicted on it with versailles . 
  russia is n't interested in honest negotiation , only in taking advantage of the west 's weakness wherever possible . 
  i prefer the gladius as well , but more for the increased attack speed . 
  melee attacks can reset enemy attack cooldown and keep an opponent off-balance , which leads to getting wounded less . 
  give those fanatics some credit , at least . 
  for one , they believe allah is on their side and will provide as they need as long as they 're zealous enough . 
  then they believe their enemies are morally bankrupt and will just utterly surrender and bow down to islam as soon as they commit a big enough terror attack . 
  and then they believe that millions of pious muslim warriors will join to reinforce their jihad any minute now . 
  basically , they believe they have a lot more than they really do . 
  and they also have shitloads of money from saudi arabia and ( probably ) the cia .
