  combine that with a khajiit character and a mod that improves the visuals of khajiit fur and you might not even need a new mod for this . 
  well , he probably deserves to have that script written in his honor . 
  he did , after all , kill the guy who killed the guy who killed hitler . 
  [ non-mobile version ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ipv6 ), 
  alternatively , instead of finding an obvious way into the sea , it might result in a large marsh in the surrounding area . 
  though draining into an underground system would be cool as well . 
  absolutely true . 
  in estonia , even the liberals use `` we ca n't let the russian party get into power '' to drum up support before elections . 
  you can have history for empires ( and any other titles ) that do n't exist on any starting bookmark . 
  however , opening the history of a title that does not exist is somewhat tricky , and the only way to make it easier implies giving spqr de jure provinces ... which would mess up the de jure borders of other empire level titles . 
  basically , they 've lumped historical roman emperors under byzantine history , is probably because it 's more likely people will notice their work over there . 
  if they created a historical spqr title that is already dead at the start of the earliest date , then the only way to go to its ' rulers , is to open the province history of ... let 's say rome , and find a roman emperor from there . 
  source : have done history work for elder kings mod , which has a significant amount of pre-first-bookmark history . 
  i remember an indie sci-fi game called iji , where the aliens had a base 4 system counting finger sections as tally . 
  the system was compatible with human fingers , too , and it blew my mind how high it was possible to count on just one hand with the system . 
  not including the thumb , you 'd have up to 81 on the pinky finger , 27 on the ring , 9 on the middle and 3 on the index . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd suggest buffing empowering vapors and battlefield heal in an unusual way : make those two abilities target two adjacent friendly characters . 
  alternatively , a buff to her blight abilities could bring the pd up to speed with the others ; either increase base blight damage by one , or increase her base blight chance to make her more reliable at inflicting blight than other classes with blight abilities . 
  what is your os ( and whether it 's 32-bit or 64-bit ) and how much memory do you actually have in your computer ? 
  also , post your load order . 
  quicksilver ore is 1.5 cw , at least in my game . 
  i use complete crafting overhaul , but i 'm pretty sure the cw change from the default 2 comes from requiem . 
  looking at his determined stare , i 'm imagining a non-evil enemy of the party . 
  the party got in serious trouble with the law somewhere and escaped . 
  this young , but frighteningly competent bounty hunter was sent after them . 
  or if not a bounty hunter , then a talented guardsman , who the bbeg has outfitted with quality gear and promised to arrange for his promotion should he arrest the criminals and bring them before the bbeg for a trial . 
  hmm ... 
  i suspect this load order would n't work even if the patcher did successfully do its ' work . 
  the patcher most likely gets confused by requiem being so high up in the load order . 
  try rearranging like this :, 
  [ the majority of your esm/esp list ], 
  [ requiem patches ], 
  [ stuff that you are certain needs to be loaded after requiem , like live another life ], 
  requiemfortheindifferent.esp ( the file created by the patcher ), 
  edit : i think i misinterpreted some of your load list , since i do n't use modwatch myself . 
  still , try and see if you can think of ways to adjust your load order in such a way that the patcher has less trouble with it . 
  is reference to glorious movie borat, 
  dead people are not nearly as much of a problem lag-wise as living ones . 
  it 's the various character interactions ( diplomacy , plots , etc. ), 
  that cause the lag . 
  dead characters are static and do n't have any new interactions . 
  try turning off the dragons ' fear aura in mcm and luring them into a giant camp . 
  it 's important to make sure the camp also has mammoths in it . 
  because mammoths seem to be the second-tankiest enemies in requiem , after dragons themselves . 
  edit : oh , and toxicity + decay poisons , as opposed to affliction . 
  good decay potions can deal about three times as much damage as affliction , even if they take longer to deal it . 
  the fight between rigaldo and clare was amazing , in my opinion . 
  even if other , stupider stuff also happened in those episodes . 
  also , clare 's first team battle with miria , deneve and helen . 
  the watchtower dragon i could manage , between the guards , irileth and being lucky and looting a well-made orcish crossbow from some bandits . 
  but luring the dragon from bonestrewn crest to the nearby giant camp proved less than effective . 
  with the fear aura , the mammoths and giant did not manage to effectively attack the dragon , because even when it landed , they would n't ( or could n't ) get into melee fast enough to get any meaningful hits in before the dragon took off again . 
  fire enchant ... no . 
  you asked without magic . 
  wait , your bow already has turn undead . 
  so yes , fire enchantment is good for the bow ; even better if you have fire-enchanted arrows . 
  also , getting a heavy armor companion like uthgerd or lydia to tank for you is useful . 
  they do pretty well against draugr if you give them a silver greatsword . 
  well , they 've tried making it into a more epic battle then it was in vanilla . 
  but they 've made it so unfairly difficult , that the only way to win is to start abusing game mechanics . 
  rather than an epic battle , it becomes a cheesefest ... although this does match lore in a really strange way . 
  the hero must achieve chim in order to defeat alduin . 
   `` all previous versions of humanity will no longer be supported as of this update . '', 
  - registry update 40000 . b595135.omega, 
  supremacy level 18 quote . 
  attacking the empty pot is pointless . 
  it goes back to full hp every time a character gets out of the pot . 
  the best way to fight the hag is to focus fire on the hag and ignore the screams coming from the pot . 
  if your offensive characters ca n't attack the back row , then you took the wrong lineup to the fight and need to retreat . 
  i can make out `` ces?revi\u010da '' , any suggestions what it might be , if it 's not retvizan ? 
  the third text only mentions w\u00e4rat in passing , detailing how he evacuated from riga in 1915 as the war was getting closer and how he had no desire to remain in the presence of german `` beasts '' ^ * . 
  by the time the germans occupied riga on 3 . 
  september 1917 , no services had been held in the peter-paul church for two years and three months . 
  in 1918 , the author of the text was told in passing by the general superintendent that the military government had decided to assign the empty and unused peter-paul church to be used by catholic soldiers . 
  after hearing that that author met with the leading figures of the congregation ( no official church council existed at the time ) and the decision was made that steps should be taken that the church be granted to `` us '' instead , because then at least the property would remain in the possession of estonians . 
  the author , with a couple other congregation members , went to see the `` leader of the province '' oberstlieutenant buchsinet and expressed the opinion that their rights to the property should take precedence over those of the catholics . 
  * the word `` metsaline '' used here is the same root used in `` mark of the beast '' and `` number of the beast '' in the bible . 
  this is definitely a solid , realistic map as far as geological land formation is concerned . 
  the only part that look slightly unrealistic from that perspective is the large cluster of islands near the center of the map . 
  directionally chaotic archipelagos like that would have much tinier islands . 
  large `` blob '' islands like you 've got would form a chain with at least some vague direction , similar to that island chain in the center of the south pole . 
  still , the nitpicking of my pedantic part aside , you 've done great . 
  definitely looks like something that could be the result of natural plate tectonics and erosion . 
  and there 's plenty of room for anomalous formations in nature , especially if you intend to use this map in world-building . 
  well , in terms of legitimate evolution , it would most likely mean that the present species have common ancestors that no longer exists . 
  i 'd go with some type of dwarf with goblinoid traits . 
  one branch evolves toward elves and humans , another goes on to become modern dwarves , halflings and gnomes , a third branch becomes the goblins and orcs . 
  many ( extinct ) links between the root `` primal dwarf '' and the various modern species would exist , naturally . 
  while i do n't support that disgusting habit in the slightest , does n't life in general have a 0 % survival rate ? 
  bacon math , the best kind of math . 
  and he corrected that one can only * become * a blacksmith , not obtain * a phd * in blacksmithing . 
  while there have been many encouraging responses to this , i have n't noticed one warning . 
  it 's entirely possible wot never becomes fun . 
  the game experience is an individual thing and if you still feel like you 're not enjoying the game by the time you reach tier 7 or 8 , you might want to consider the possibility that it 's just not the game for you . 
  this was my own experience , before i abandoned the game in favor of wtgf . 
  i ground my way to the massive disappointment that was the tiger i ( by way of tiger p ) way back before they introduced tank physics . 
  at first , i naturally sucked at it and stopped playing for a few months . 
  eventually coming across jingles ' videos convinced me to give the game another shot . 
  i became a better player , but i just did n't find the experience to be enjoyable .
