  it 's kinda hard to watch you play , though . 
  as you move the cursor over things without noticing ... 
  i suppose that happens any time people watch an adventure or puzzle game played on yt . 
  most notably , the school desk comes to mind from when you were looking for the lost dialogue . 
  eh , never tried to go for that much realism to begin with . 
  or it could be something along the lines of mrp from world war two , an alliance of convenience . 
  i 'll admit , this is all i really know about the geopolitics of asia :, 
  * the koreas hate each other and the south one is less crazy than the north one . 
  * japan and russia are technically still at war . 
  mainly because of the kuril islands . 
  * taiwan is the last remnant of the republic of china . 
  also , i have revealed very little about the actual ideology of the imperial restoration committee of japan . 
  it 's entirely possible that they 're a radical fringe group capable of swallowing their pride . 
  or they could be a chinese puppet . 
  i had the same problem a few days ago , and it basically went away on its ' own . 
  it alternated between ` bad token ' and ` xvm unavailable : network error ' . 
  at some point , there was also a ( russian ) `` down for maintenance '' notice on the non-english xvm site instead of the usual page . 
  i 'm fairly certain this problem is with the xvm server , not with your mod . 
  hmm ... 
  i use qb 's modpack myself . 
  have you tried installing that one ? 
  well , it 's a matter of statistics . 
  normalization ( that is , getting out of noob stat averages ) takes time . 
  i 'm * still * deep in the red despite consistently getting 1000-1200 wn8 games for the past two months . 
  but at least my noob stats were so terrible ( ~ 750 wn8 ) that i saw quick improvement at first . 
  my average was going up a couple points every week . 
  something along the lines of ` hello ' . 
  well , at any rate , that was my final idea before coming to `` maybe it 'll work if you try again tomorrow . '', 
  sorry i could n't be of much help . 
  gl with the problem . 
  eh , it 's not that uncommon of an idea in sci-fi . 
  for the record , i had never heard of that author or that book until just now . 
  yeah , the same , pretty much . 
  except i stopped playing for a while after being massively disappointed with the performance of the tiger i. 
  because i had no clue about angling and side-scraping . 
  and by for a while , i mean just before they introduced physics . 
  rejoined into 8.7 , persuaded ( and educated ) by jingles ' and wb 's videos . 
  remember , that 's just that single year . 
  if a woman intends to complete their education at dartmouth , they risk being in that 6 % every year . 
  still , absolute til-wtf moment . 
  which is a damn sight more useful than being there for games ... and getting ads to buy a new car . 
  so what if it * is * an ad ? 
  it 's useful in informing me about sales , and therefore not a bad thing . 
  ads do n't have to be a bad thing . 
  right an update of sorts . 
  first , i have uploaded this [ partially-edited version ] ( http://www.scribd.com/doc/236403781/cd10-srd-v0-1-0?secret_password=73jz4rgmw4kbqddyyjab ) to scribd . 
  also , on the forum linked in the op , i have revealed all npc statblocks for your viewing . 
  wr depends a lot on the team , though choice of tank is important too . 
  certain tanks ( generally poorly-armored ones , such as the borsig ) are very bad at carrying if the team is utterly incompetent . 
  others ( typically well-armored tanks like the jt ) are often capable of carrying even if the rest of the team ca n't pull their weight . 
  that 's why wn8 is generally a better measure of how well you 're doing in any specific tank . 
  they 're stupid enough that they want/have to be scammers to make money , so it 's not a stretch . 
  i was about ask for clarification , but then i realized . 
  you mean on the scam site link that was sent , right ? 
  does n't java just keep asking again every time it tries to update ? 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's possible to break the addiction . 
  if you trick your mind into forgetting your password . 
  of course it still takes effort , since you have to resist the urge to recover the password . 
  borderlands 2 please , honored brother . 
  it 's not that they do n't care about the consequences . 
  they definitely do . 
  however , rather than trying to fight the consequences ( teen pregancy and stds ) they try fighting what they consider the cause ( teen sex ) . 
  which is sort of a valid point . 
  it does n't work in practice , and makes them a bit out of touch with reality , but the basic premise is n't that ridiculous and definitely does n't make them bad people . 
  of course , that does n't mean none of them are bad people who are just in it for self-righteous reasons . 
  that frontal armor can just push directly across the field in malinovka and generally not worry about being penned . 
  especially if you waggle and keep shifting angles . 
  i might go for survival at tiers 8-10 . 
  might . 
  if the repair costs would be significant . 
  unless i 'm already down to being an he kill for anything . 
  then i might as well get some extra damage in . 
  and if anyone on russian world of tanks servers ( or the test server , which is the same for all regions ) is identified as non-russian , they are immediately tkd by the * entire team * . 
  four years ago , i would have called this photorealistic . 
  because that was before i found out i was actually nearsighted and got myself some glasses . 
  nostalgia mode triggered , brother . 
  that was the system i first ascended to . 
  hmm ... 
  i wonder . 
  what do we call children who have n't been introduced to neither pcs nor potatos ? 
  maybe as a feature that is n't enabled in the settings by default ? 
  although it 's probably more efficient for chucklefish to leave this kind of thing to the modder community , instead of making it a stock feature . 
  just in it because the nazis offered him money and power off-screen , maybe ? 
  so they 're well-build relics , continuing long after their creators have passed on ? 
  i think it has to do with lag and/or packet loss ? 
  maybe ? 
  i 've had it happen twice . 
  once with an unmodded game , once with xvm . 
  anyway , nothing to do with hacking or mods . 
  unfortunately , i completely missed out on the derp hetzing . 
  was a complete noob at the time and thought the low pen made the derpgun a bad gun . 
  so i ground through the tank with the ap guns and sold it when i was done . 
  have considered re-buying , but need the slots for other stuff . 
  that was a long time ago , though . 
  back then wg was a bit more laid back about giving players free stuff . 
  yeah . 
  this . 
  absolutely sucks when you load heat to pen someones front , then they die and your next target is showing their flank . 
  nope .
