  ( or i 'm somehow banned from it without ever visiting it ), 
  * `` da komrade , is obvious balanse bekaus is slou '' *, 
  media just hates on trump because they really wanted hillary to get her turn , so they put a negative spin on anything he does , or just distance the result from trump if they ca n't put a negative spin on it . 
  because obama being would totally have been credited with the success if , for instance , the economy suddenly started [ breaking record highs ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/13/us-markets.html ) in the first months of being in office . 
  meanwhile trump could personally invent a cancer cure and the media would criticize him for taking jobs away from the doctors and nurses . 
  it 's a rather complicated matter . 
  the short version of it is , that the constitution ca n't actually restrict what foreign governments do . 
  the only way this stops being ` legit ' , is if every country in the world , including the us , agrees to stop spying on foreign governments and their citizens . 
  which obviously is n't going to happen in the foreseeable future . 
  the only reason this whole thing is an issue at all , is because the us has a 4th amendment , and because us intelligence agencies use intelligence sharing agreements with foreign governments to effectively bypass the 4a restrictions that are intended to prevent them from having too much information on american citizens . 
  beyond that ... who cares if a foreign government has information on you on a database somewhere ? 
  they do n't have jurisdiction to prosecute you because you 're not their citizen . 
  its definitely worth buying the first game and its ' expansions . 
  if you find you enjoy the first game , it 's also worth buying the second game to check it out , but be warned that the second game is ... a bit of a mess . 
  it 's only really interesting for the new faction , expanded tech tree and new ship configurations . 
  the gameplay itself , in the second game , slows to a crawl as you wait for ai empires fighting each other simulate combat each turn , while you have to play every battle yourself because the ai combat simulation on `` quick simulation '' is dumb as rocks and has no idea how to play defensive battles without losing all the stations and colonies , or how to play sustained offensive battles without losing too many combat ships to keep up the attack . 
  however , the enemy ai is just fine and reasonably competent if you go into manual combat mode . 
  hoi3 was missing the attack bonuses from planning , though . 
  you waited only for org recovery and supply . 
  imo the new system models the `` stalling '' of large offensive operations better than hoi3 did . 
  not to mention if you turned on the ai for a hoi3 order of battle at army level or above , especially on aggressive , it was really incompetent at attacking and just always demanded more units that it would then proceed to lose to supply attrition and completely avoidable encirclements . 
  and if you turned the ai at corps level , they just wandered around and overextended . 
  the only thing you could ever really trust the army ai with in hoi3 was defensively maintaining the front , which really is n't any different from the current state of hoi4 . 
  do n't alphabeavers have that thing where they quickly turn into free meat when they do n't have trees to eat ? 
  you 're really lucky with that . 
  is n't that the idea of * earning * money , as opposed to just being given money ? 
  not at all . 
  sure , when the diesel 's running , it 's noisy . 
  but running on the battery banks is silent as fuck . 
  ca n't speak for the nk subs , but the last diesel subs made by the us were quieter in silent running than later nuke subs , well into the 80s . 
  difference is , nukes can be quiet all the time , indefinitely , but diesels eventually have to turn the diesel back on to recharge the batteries . 
  nah , i think their rule is `` it 's only gay if you 're the bottom '', 
  mostly because the jerries were expecting the war to be over before winter . 
  largely on account of the soviets ' absolutely dismal showing against the finns . 
  it 's not so bad . 
  you can easily tell where people are intruding on your rightful space ( i.e , everywhere that is n't black ) . 
  and yet there is little doubt that given opportunity , stalin would have installed a local communist puppet in helsinki , which would then `` request '' to have the entirety of finland join the ussr . 
  like what happened in the baltics , which complied with similar soviet ultimatums peacefully . 
   not for that profile i would argue, 
  this exactly . 
  unlike all other mediums , the panther is nigh-impossible to miss , and many bushes are too small to conceal it , which is far less of a problem for lower-profile mediums . 
  also unlike other sluggish mediums at that tier , when a panther is getting shot at , it 's far less likely to be hit in some screwy , rounded or angled part of the tank where the shot ricochets . 
  it was more controlled than the bike crashing into a pedestrian during the chase . 
  the idea that 9/11 was a conspiracy actively organized by us intelligence services is ridiculous . 
  however , it 's somewhat plausible that warnings of a major terrorist attack were being ignored prior to the attack . 
  whether that was deliberate malice or just incompetence and poor communication between intelligence agencies , remains under the veil of secrecy and there 's really no way of knowing between these two unless relevant internal memos from the period get leaked or declassified . 
  right , that 's a very different argument from `` vaccines are bad '' . 
  insisting that mandatory vaccination should fall under the authority of state governments does n't mean opposing mandatory vaccines as such . 
  it 's about reversing the trend of increasing federal intrusion into peoples ' lives . 
  in general , mandatory vaccines are definitely a good thing in my view . 
  not only because of the obvious immunity that being vaccinated provides , but also because mandatory vaccines provide herd immunity to those few children who ca n't take the vaccine due to medical reasons . 
  but i also support this decision , as well as defining the exact list of mandatory vaccinations , being made by the state govt , instead of federal lawmakers forcing a one-size-fits-all solution on everyone . 
  you know , the people pushing this most aggressively are the formula companies . 
  companies that , in fact , are pushing to sue governments which have policies of promoting breastfeeding as the healthier , safer option over formula . 
  i 'm sure that can be helpful if you point out the corporate greed motive . 
  nope . 
  winter was mostly wet and sludgy . 
  only about 3-4 weeks of proper cold and snow . 
  you dropped this \\ \\, 
  yeah , \\ \\ is a formatting character . 
  you need to type it like \\ \\ \\ \\ to make a single \\ \\ show up . 
  at this point , they 're most commonly used as insults and ad hominems ; a shortcut to discredit the character of your opponent when you run out of arguments against their talking points . 
  beyond that : fascism is a top-down , totalitarian government operating for the good of the state , claiming their tyranny is beneficial to their nation 's population . 
  marxism is a top-down totalitarian government operating for the `` good of the proletariat '' ; what is beneficial for the proletariat is in essence decided by the state/party apparatus , rather than the proletariat itself having any say in it . 
  which given human nature , means that the marxist state serves itself and uses marxism as a pseudo-religious excuse to brand any political opponent and dissident as an enemy of the proletariat . 
  marxism is therefore , a top-down totalitarian government operating for the good of the state , claiming their tyranny is good for the proletariat . 
  the division was in large part decided by the final troop positions when the reich surrendered . 
  [ see map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end_of_world_war_ii_in_europe#/media/file:allied_army_positions_on_10_may_1945.png ) . 
  the agreements in yalta were also an important factor . 
  beyond the positions of the front line , it was actually difficult to judge a nation 's contribution to ww2 . 
  the easter front suffered the most casualties on both sides , sure . 
  but the material support the allies gave to the soviets was critical , especially for the winter of ' 41 . 
  without american-produced winter equipment , tanks and other lend-lease equipment , the soviets would likely have suffered far worse during the winter , and collapsed entirely against the renewed axis offensive in the spring of ' 42 . 
  it was n't until '43 that the soviet war industry truly got its ' problems sorted and became the unstoppable juggernaut it 's commonly considered to be . 
  in addition , germany was n't the only territory the soviets gained : they annexed the baltics and filled eastern europe with communist puppet regimes . 
  not only that , but communists also took over in china . 
  as far as territory is concerned , the soviets * did * gain a lot more from the war than the allies combined . 
  i recommend not . 
  tl\u00dc is a big sjw haven and you 'll waste a lot of time listening to professors talking about political bullshit unrelated to your chosen course ( and probably unrelated to the professor 's nominal course , as well ) . 
  then again , if you think you 'll enjoy that kind of ~ ~ brainwashing ~ ~ experience , then who am i to judge . 
  damn , i wish that he was . 
  sadly , i 'm not american , so he 's not . 
  this is why i love the requiem mod so much . 
  completely detaches the world 's difficulty level from your character . 
  go into bfb at level 10 , and it 's a nigh-impossible uphill battle . 
  same place at level 40 and you utterly stomp everything in your way . 
  on the flip side , it also rewards non-combat stealth gameplay : if you manage to sneak past some enemies way above your league , you can get some nice loot way earlier than intended , and use that to level faster . 
  i have a really hard time believing that kind crazy is anything legitimate . 
  sounds like the kind of cartoonishly evil strawman a pro choicer would create to discredit the pro life movement . 
  on par with a caricature of a pro choice woman who refuses birth control other than abortion just because she enjoys killing `` parasites '' so much . 
  honestly , if true , then the guy sounds enough of a braindead entitled idiot that i can believe he 'd pull bullshit like that . 
  getting his sister pregant , then getting kicked out of the family because of that , and then trying to garner online sympathy as if he 's the victim in this situation ? 
  i can definitely believe some narcissistic brat would do that . 
  and i would n't be surprised if the mother had enough of a breakdown at seeing this to make it public without thought for consequence . 
  pft . 
  that 's what stockpiling is for , and why a loading bench is a good investment . 
  yeah . 
  the game is ... quite strange if you do n't have utopia . 
  it works in the sense it does n't crash or produce errors , but there are big holes that have obviously been patched over a bit , but not enough that you do n't notice . 
  except muslim refugees today would at best shun his mercy and presence , at worst behead him for claiming to be the son of god .
