  it 's for scaling locations that are too high for double and triple jumps . 
  primarily for reaching secret areas in mission sites . 
  mostly because the estonian president has very little actual power , they just represent the country in some held-for-the-cameras diplomatic meetings . 
  the president can , at most , send a bill back into parliament for additional refinement a couple times , until the parliament orders them to pass the bill into law without vetoing it . 
  another reason for the lack of a forerunner is that it 's not a direct , public election . 
  it 's basically the parliament currently in office , plus a bunch of elected local officials like mayors voting on a number of candidates presented to the parliament . 
  it 's entirely a political game between the parties represented in parliament and local governance . 
  yeah , i 've gotten that model/singer character too . 
  one of my male colonists , the only one that was actually allowed to construct stuff , kept moping in his room half the time , because the star singer repeatedly shot down his advances . 
  you mean you do n't just flat out forbid all sector ai from construction ? 
  the problem with `` our customers keep changing their minds '' is exactly the problem agile is designed to resolve . 
  that said , the most important requirement of agile is a good project leader . 
  if the leadership is incompetent , then just using agile is n't going to fix that . 
  i 've had the fortune to experience agile development with a project leader who know what they were doing . 
  agile was about the whole team , making regular progress reports not just to the team leader , but to the whole team . 
  developers explained to other developers what they 'd been up , and if they encountered any problems . 
  if necessary , assignments got reshuffled at the start of the each new `` sprint '' . 
  the main advantage is that agile keeps people on-task and makes it easy for developers to review each others ' code on short notice . 
  individual developers are n't allowed to get focused down with a single , low-priority module for weeks on end , chasing down some perfect , beautiful solution . 
  admittedly , hardware and firmware development have higher standards of end product quality , since updates and recalls are not as trivial . 
  so it 's entirely possible agile methods just wo n't work with that kind of thing . 
  also , a team of 10 is the absolute upper limit for using agile . 
  with a larger team than that , the daily meetings required for agile to function just stop working . 
  someone will always be absent , and the meetings will cut too much into development time . 
  russia has severe winter . 
  in july . 
  the simple fact that they ca n't be trusted to keep their end of whatever deals are made with them is n't reason enough ? 
  in the 90s , ukraine surrendered its ' nuclear arsenal in exchange for guarantees of non-aggression from both nato and russia . 
  a `` referendum '' was held under russian guns in crimea which resulted in crimea being annexed by russia . 
  and even now there are russian soldiers , with equipment registered in the russian military , fighting in eastern ukraine . 
  competition does n't mean dishonoring all earlier agreements whenever they stop being convenient . 
  which is exactly what we can expect from russia if we ever start considering it as an `` ally '' . 
  nah , it should n't take up a trait slot . 
  perhaps there could be a negative trait ( call it `` perfectionist '' , maybe ? ), 
  that prevents a character from feeling happy about doing good job , but being able to get this positive mood modifier should n't require a trait . 
  not the case in britain , actually . 
  the british monarch still owns considerable amounts of real estate , which is actually turning a profit much larger than the stipends and expenses parliament is paying to the royal family . 
  however , based on some old agreements , the queen is turning that profit over to parliament in exchange for those stipends . 
  gcpgrey did a video on this , if you 're looking for more details about this . 
  i see no reason to be critical of it as a form of government . 
  it 's a part of their heritage and a result of how their nations developed into democracies . 
  not necessarily a negative heritage , either , since it denotes they managed to develop from feudal systems to democracies through incremental reform , without having to slaughter their nobility in a civil war or revolution . 
  if the referendum took place with mexican troops securing it , i would definitely be questioning the legitimacy of the referendum . 
  the referendum in ~ ~ ukraine ~ ~ crimea was also deeply flawed . 
  there were two options : `` gain more autonomy within ukraine '' and `` join russian federation '' . 
  there was absolutely no `` maintain status quo '' option presented on the ballot . 
  i 've also read ( admittedly from potentially biased sources ) that strongly pro-ukraine minorities like the crimean tatars , were being prevented from registering to the vote , as well as from entering the ballot stations by russian troops . 
  this also ties in to the issue that the only reason crimea is so overwhelmingly pro-russian is because the ussr colonized the region with russians from other parts of its ' empire , to the point that its ' original ethnicities became a minority in their own land . 
  how would you feel if texas voted to join mexico after illegal immigrants were given the right to vote in the referendum over the issue ? 
  it 's only 1937 . 
  the war kicked off early . 
  it 's possible the soviets really did n't have that many units out there . 
  honestly , i 've seen the soviet division designer really crap out if the game goes off historical rails . 
  in one game , i saw the soviets capitulate to fascist finland ( my influence , there ) after leaving the finnish border wide open when they started the winter war . 
  they also had really low unity for some reason . 
  finland took leningrad and a couple other provinces in the conference , and turned the rest of russia into a fascist puppet . 
  finland then joined the axis and conquered scandinavia for me , while i was busy regretting my choice to befriend japan instead of china . 
  i use nato symbols . 
  and i noticed all the divisions of the russian puppet state had the same map symbol : artillery division . 
  i tagswitched to sov to see what the fuck was going on . 
  i discovered the following : imperial russia was producing exactly three items in its ' production lines : 15 factories on fighters , 15 factories in cas , 1 factory in artillery . 
  50 + unused military factories . 
  imperial russia had maxed out its ' unit training queue with one template . 
  that division template had the following elements : 1x line artillery , 1x support artillery . 
  it had 200 army experience sitting in the pool . 
  i have no idea if this was what finland was facing . 
  because if that 's the case , i 'm not surprised finland won . 
  especially since i was giving them a ton of lend-lease . 
  tl ; dr soviet ai seems to shit itself when it 's turned fascist . 
  well sure , i agree that pawns should only get positive moods from work that they 're passionate about . 
  but having a trait enable this should n't be a prerequisite . 
  all pawns should benefit from getting quality results on jobs they 're passionate about , unless they have a bad trait that prevents this bonus . 
  because we 're supposed to be protectors of the galaxy , and it would be mean of us to burn planets like that ? 
  also , probably because the ship would also explode with us inside , if we did this . 
  simply the fact that it was arranged by the russian government , and carried out under a russian military presence makes the result suspect . 
  especially when the result was the one that benefited russian geopolitical goals the most . 
  just like the `` referendums '' held in the baltics in the 1940s , where the baltic people `` voted '' 99 % in favor of joining the ussr . 
  nevermind the fact that in the case of estonia , the results of the referendum was announced in moscow two hours before the voting had even ended . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , people 's right to self determination is limited to minorities creating their own independent states . 
  if the people of crimea had wanted to declare a new country , because they believed had no country they considered their own , sure that 's their self-determination . 
  but if they wanted to live in russia , then they should have moved themselves to russia , instead of trying to move the borders . 
  also :, 
   article 49 , sixth paragraph , of the 1949 geneva convention iv provides : `` the occupying power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . '', 
  there is definitely an argument to be made that russian colonization of the region was illegal . 
  looks cool , but i think you should make the vertical hatch one tile wider , since most openable hatches are 5 tiles wide . 
  it looks on the picture like its ' currently only four tiles wide . 
  but then again the zoom level looks a bit weird , too , so it might be five . 
  conquering the world is difficult , but it should be possible . 
  for the first government change , take the fascist demagouge , and also immediately go down the fascist branch of the political focuses for the extra manpower . 
  conquer the other two baltics asap . 
  ideally , you want to conquer lithuania before germany demands memel from them . 
  if you 're lucky and japan does n't get a quick victory in china , then you can naval invade and conquer sweden before world tension spikes above 50 and sweden joins the allies . 
  it 's not worth occupying sweden if you ca n't force a conference right away . 
  you do n't have the spare manpower to garrison the area against resistance . 
  if you 've conquered sweden , or if world tension is already above 50 , then join the axis to drag germany to war with the ussr by refusing the soviet demand . 
  germany will usually make the main push into soviet union from your territory , giving you big occupation score . 
  use what limited forces you have to cut a path of estonian territory to the south and let germany fill the gaps . 
  ideally , you 'll want everything east of crimea to count as estonian occupation for maximum war contribution . 
  take note of important resource provinces in russia and do n't let your allies take those in the conference . 
  after axis defeats the allies and the war `` ends '' , leave the faction and turn on them for world conquest .
