   unofficial skyrim legendary edition patch.esp = 1, 
   highrestexturepack02.esp = 1, 
   highrestexturepack03.esp = 1, 
   highrestexturepack01.esp = 1, 
   dragon combat overhaul.esp = 1, 
   no killmoves , no killcams , no killbites.esp = 1, 
   alternate start - live another life.esp = 1, 
   immersive detection of npc.esp = 1, 
   weapons & armor fixes_remade . esp = 1, 
   clothing & clutter fixes.esp = 1, 
   weapons & armor_trueweaponslvllists . esp = 1, 
   requiem - legendary bugsmasher edition.esp = 1, 
   requiem - no overencumbered messages.esp = 1, 
   requiem - restored rewarding sounds.esp = 1, 
   requiem - restored saving messages.esp = 1, 
   requiem - dragon combat overhaul.esp = 1, 
   requiem - live another life.esp = 1, 
   requiem - trade and barter.esp = 1, 
   requiem - immersive college of winterhold.esp = 1, 
   requiem for the indifferent.esp = 1, 
  next time , please make sure for yourself that your load order is actually readable , okay ? 
  unfortunately : i 've no idea what 's causing your problem . 
  first , if you delete the focus tree file outright , it just defaults to vanilla . 
  second , the other guy here is wrong : unless i 'm terribly mistaken , blank files wo n't fix it either . 
  blank focus files will instead give the majors blank focus trees . 
  instead : make copies of all the majors ' focus trees into your mod . 
  then delete everything in the files and copy-paste the generic focus tree into each file . 
  are you referring to the big map with the circle and the 1000km measurement ? 
  because that map is inconsistent with other statements from the manga : the circle of `` jsdf claimed area '' should be only 400km in diameter , as the jsdf 's original mission was to secure a 200km radius around the gate as a buffer zone . 
  which means rondel is probably no more than 500km from the imperial capital along the dirt roads and through natural mountain passes along which imperial roads go . 
  ten hours , if itami does 60-70kph most of the time , while taking one or two refueling stop and occasionally slowing down due to terrain or bad road . 
  navigation comes down to maps , basically . 
  the stuff that recon teams 1 and 2 are probably busy drawing up in the field while itami keeps getting distracted from his actual job by harems . 
  as for planes keeping contact : yes , radio is the correct answer . 
  if they want it , modern military-grade radio transmitters have essentially infinite range as long as their line-of-sight is not blocked by mountains or the curvature of the planet . 
  a plane , high above the surface , would have radio contact with the base for much , much longer than a ground vehicle that 'll get blocked by even moderately high hills , let alone actual mountains . 
  that 's a paved road and your vehicle probably does n't have all the militarized bits and pieces that increase its ' weight . 
  on the other hand , itami 's vehicle probably has a larger fuel tank than most civilian vehicles , which means fewer refueling stops . 
  fair enough , then . 
  first note , sustainable and renewable energy are different things . 
  nuclear is also considered sustainable . 
  only, 
   rejecting it now is like rejecting that computers will be an important invention in the 70s . 
  it 's not . 
  supporting renewable energy is gambling on the hope that we 'll resolve all its ' intermittence issues in time for it to matter in terms of global warming . 
  there are major issues with wind , solar and other renewable energy sources that prevent them from being a dominant source . 
  these problems are unlikely to be resolved in a timeframe that actually matters in terms of climate change . 
  nuclear , while finite , is going to last for at least two centuries , even with projected increases in consumption . 
  in addition , nuclear waste is n't as terrible as you seem to think . 
  nobody 's talking about making volatile chernobyl-style reactors . 
  the logistics of safely handling nuclear waste are not as terrible as they were during the cold war , either . 
  modern reactor technology already depletes nuclear fuel to the point that it 's vastly less dangerous than cold-war era reactors . 
  believing that reactor technologies will reach the point where they use up nuclear material until it 's no longer radioactive at all is less of a gamble than hoping that problems with renewable energy will be fixed in time . 
  the only disaster with a modern nuclear plant was the fukushima plant one , caused by a natural disaster rather than human error . 
  even then , the disaster had ** zero ** human casualties compared to the 25 000 of the tsunami itself . 
  statistically , modern nuclear energy has killed fewer people than accidents with wind and solar . 
  it seems logical , but it 's not quite right . 
  the vast majority of u-boats were attacked by aircraft while they were on the surface to recharge their batteries . 
  if they were able to submerge and evade , they did . 
  if u-boats `` chose '' to fight it out with aircraft , then it meant were unable to submerge anyway , so there was no downside to having the aa guns and manning them as soon as the sub surfaced , ineffective thought they were . 
  most submarine engagement by the allies took place in the pacific , against the japanese . 
  in their case , the issue was that they underestimated the amount of time american subs could spend submerged and were too quick to assume that the enemy submarine must have escaped already and surfaced at a safe distance . 
  for the moment , it looks like ratas ' party has turned a new page and ousted the earlier pro-kremlin leadership by electing him . 
  the coalition deal published a few days ago contains the following points in foreign policy :, 
  * increase spending on estonia 's security - and economic interests . 
  * estonia will continue its ' efforts to participate in and influence eu 's east-partnership policy . 
  * immediately develop priorities for estonia 's rotation in the presidency of the council of the eu . 
  * maintain favorable relationship with the uk after brexit, 
  * bilateral relations with the unites states will have particular importance in ensuring continued security in the region, 
  there are other points as well , including support for continued nato presence , so it is decidedly west-oriented . 
  it remains to be seen if they actually follow through on all counts though , since ratas is already being accused by some of his party members of selling out the party 's ideals . 
  depends on the context . 
  the expression wo n't translate in a literal manner without coming off as `` eestified english '' . 
  ' * pean * ' denotes that it 's something that you * have * to do , like an errand , rather than going out on town for entertainment . 
  best for if you 're letting someone else know where you 're going , but might not appropriate as an excuse if you 've been invited to do something else . 
  `` mul on muud tegemist '' - i have other things to do/i 'm busy, 
  if you want to say it as an excuse for not being able to go elsewhere . 
  `` mul on paar asja vaja \u00e4ra teha '' - i have to do a few things, 
  basically same as above , but if you say it like this , you 're opening yourself up to being asked exactly what those errands are . 
  that 's what it might look like from the outside , but from the inside it 's looking more and more like the ethnic russian party is cutting their russian connections and waiting for major western powers to normalize the russian relations , instead of going against dominant views and advocating for normalization themselves . 
  the main impetus for the collapse of the coalition was that the infamous edgar savisaar conceded in the in-party elections for a new party chairman and the openly russian chauvinist yana toom lost to j\u00fcru ratas in the final round . 
  the new leadership of the `` pro-russian '' party has made a significant shift in the party 's foreign policy platform and the newly elected party leader ( and future pm in all likelihood ) today acknowledged in front of parliament that what 's going on in crimea is occupation . 
  their coalition deal also includes an agreement to increase estonian military spending beyond 2 % of gdp . 
  not really , no . 
  unless your voice says it in a rude way , like you 're angry or annoyed about the question . 
  if you want to be sure you 're polite : `` mul on kahjuks muud tegemist '' . 
  - i unfortunately have other things to do, 
  if she is hostile to mortal life , or indifferent to the point that she does n't care about how many mortal lives are lost in her arrogant schemes then she damn well is an enemy . 
  clausewitz ' * vom kriege * for the rulers . 
  the book will explain to the leaders of falmart that we understand what it means to utterly destroy a nation so that nothing remains . 
  it will explain to them that the empire as a state lacks the unity and collective will to win against the modern world . 
  and most importantly , it will explain to them why our offers of mercy are not a sign of weakness or a trick to take advantage of them . 
  an important part of persuading people is manipulating them to come to the desired conclusion on their own , rather than trying to spoon-feed them every bit of knowledge . 
  a treatise detailing the basis of military theory that we 've practiced and refined for 200 will work better than any direct explanation of our technical prowess that they lack the base knowledge to appreciate . 
  just need to build critical mass of nationalist support in europe so that greece knows the rest of europe will accept it if they decide to start sinking the invaders ' assault rafts crossing the aegean sea . 
  balance-wise , manpower alone is completely beatable , as long as the country does n't also have the industry to arm all those 8 million . 
  running out of equipment is pretty much as disastrous as running out of manpower . 
  you can keep chinese manpower at current levels , so long as its ' natural enemies are capable of having a superior industry or if china gets a significant research debuff that causes it to be consistently behind in tech . 
  only if its ' 1v1 and can put its ' superior dpm to work . 
  if it 's brawling on a corner with two tanks on each side , then the tiger is damn well going to be wrecked when it tries to stick around long enough to fire the second shot .
