  i would even consider it offensive myself , if op 's intention was to show support to russian imperialism ( which it was n't ) . 
  probably not . 
  then again , thatcher probably of crazy enough to ignore little detail and nuke argentina anyway . 
  easier to get forgib than get permit . 
  fairly reasonable alternate history . 
  though i have to ask : what about the colonies in africa and asia ? 
  edit : oh , managed to skip over the part about french africa . 
  still , would be fun to see a followup . 
  it 's a really good tabletop rpg system that nobody 's ever heard of . 
  far more intuitive and far less overwhelmingly complicated than gurps ^ ( as long as you stay away from vehicular combat rules ) . 
  and yet all anyone else ever sees in it , is a gurps lookalike and asks if the amazing world settings written for jags have a gurps version instead . 
  the only secure way to do webmail is to get a static ip from your isp and set up your own private mail server . 
  you pay a little extra , sure , but you also have full control over your data . 
  way better than anything a company would ever offer . 
  the buk system is actually three separate vehicles . 
  it 's suspected the mh was shot down by a single launch vehicle , which does n't have iff capability without one of the radar vehicles supporting it . 
  iirc , this has been discussed before , and according to the devs , the current system is in place only because of optimization issues that they 're planning to fix once the game is closer to completion . 
  the devs do intend to introduce different kinds of cobblestone , once the engine can handle it would sending minimum-spec systems into < 10fps territory . 
  besides , does n't this kind of thing already work with dirt blocks ? 
  those do drop as the right color when dug out , and you can make dirt blocks from all of them . 
  did someone say `` future murderhobos '' ? 
  nope , if nkorea is n't on the level of nazi germany , it is n't on the level of stalinist russia , either . 
  the only reason nazi germany is perceived as the worse of the two regimes , is because russia won , and its ' concentration camps were never liberated by a foreign power . 
  disclaimer : i do n't intend to diminish how terrible nazi germany is , but to point out how much worse russia was , and that the russian butchers responsible largely got away with it . 
  aside from a handful of people purged in the power struggle after stalin 's death , that is . 
  no kill camps as such , but the soviets did engineer famines in regions to pacify them . 
  in addition , there were several nkvd formations dedicated to moving from town to town and village to village , carrying out mass-murders against civilians . 
  another thing to note , is that the nazis meticulously documented what they did , because they believed they were doing a good thing . 
  the mass murders soviets committed by the soviets were minimally documented and the reports were often destroyed after reaching the upper echelons . 
  they knew what they were doing was morally reprehensible from the start , and they did it anyway . 
  hm , after more research , i found that the system actually comprises four vehicles . 
  one is a command vehicle , which carries no missiles but has the equipment to coordinate the buk with other sam systems and form large batter of launch-capable buk vehicles . 
  another is a radar vehicle , which provides the iff and other advanced radar features . 
  finally , there are two launch vehicles : one is a missile-only vehicle ( tel ) , the other has a basic integrated radar ( telar ) that allows for targeting , but no advanced features like iff . 
  i 'm sticking with windows 7 , definitely . 
  even figured out which windows update i need to uninstall and blacklist to stop getting the notification . 
  from what i 've seen , win10 is a complete trainwreck . 
  especially the part in its ' privacy policy that basically says `` if you install this , microsoft is allowed to spy on everything you do and sell the information to anyone '' . 
  might want to take a closer look at your fridge . 
  fridges tend to really ramp up their power consumption to insane levels when they get near to the end of their life . 
  my old fridge died on me a few months ago , and i borrowed an unused one from a friend until i could afford a new one . 
  despite the model of the borrowed spare being bigger and a decade older than my broken fridge , my monthly power usage went down . 
  nope . 
  that 's vanilla functionality . 
  you need to add a mod if you want to craft single items of hearthfire components . 
  wait , giants like shiny things ? 
  i thought that was dragons . 
  besides , do n't forget the giant toes . 
  they 're a pretty good ingredient for training alchemy . 
  though honestly , i do only go after giants if i get a bounty for them . 
  which from an immersion standpoint is a valid approach . 
  they 're not worth the trouble , unless someone is paying to get rid of them . 
  what 's happening here is the repeat of katyn . 
  russian commit mass murder , then `` discover '' the graves and blame it all on whoever is their enemy at the time . 
  thus the russians establish their own narrative as the mainstream . 
  by the time anyone else has put together proof of what really happened , it 's easy for them to label the truth as a `` crazy conspiracy theory '' . 
  not murica . 
  estonia . 
  there is most likely legislation mandating a certain level of destruction when it comes to confidential information like medical records . 
  besides , to be absolutely sure the security software to erase information works as advertised , you 'd have to hire a programmer to review its ' code before it can be approved for use . 
  or you could just have them use a low tech method like a hammer and magnets , which does not need nearly as much review . 
  yes , by deciding that they do n't want salvation , while aware that they need it to get into heaven . 
  milk-drinker !, 
  there is no such thing as too much sabaton . 
  ( carryweight + max hp boost ) for self-buff . 
  ( damage stamina + damage stamina regen ) for a stamina-killer poison . 
  and more importantly , it 's possible to get all four effects into a single potion , making it a `` useless '' potion that is very expensive . 
  and since the amount of alchemy exp you gain is based on the potion value ... 
  i have to admit , being estonian , my heart totally sank reading the misleading title . 
  until i noticed the linked article was dated 12.11.2014, 
  you can only get it if you spawn it with admin commands/cheats . 
  you can not craft it with bars . 
  he was implied to have pointed miria in the right direction back when she was still alone in her fight against the org , iirc . 
  either he was a spy and used the claymores to sabotage the org or he cared more about his own life than about the organization 's success . 
  either way , he was deliberately helpful enough to the claymores to make sure he lives even if the org loses against the claymore rebellion . 
  in the immortal words of that one hacker 4chan :, 
  hallowed be thy game . 
  thy dice rolls come . 
  thy will be done on pve as it is in pvp . 
  give us this day our daily luck ,, 
  and forgive us our crits ,, 
  as we forgive those who crit against us ,, 
  and lead us not into rage ,, 
  but deliver us from bullshit . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  this ** is ** / r/claymore , after all . 
  left to right : [ clare , teresa , ophelia , irene , galatea , miria ] ( / spoiler ), 
  he did have some people put in psych . 
  hospitals before toning down in general , though . 
  generally `` important '' people , who could potentially be useful to collaboration governments . 
  i know that 's what happened to [ konstantin p\u00e4ts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/konstantin_p%c3%a4ts ) , the president/dictator of estonia at the time the soviet occupation started . 
  get poland and sweden as allies . 
  teutonic order seems lika an obvious ally , but it 's a trap . 
  poland will annex them every time , and you do n't want to go to war with poland . 
  ideally , poland will get the union over lithuania , giving you two strong allies for the price of one . 
  if the union does n't happen , ally lithuania as well . 
  expand east . 
  your only advantage is the western tech group . 
  expanding east , your enemies will have a slightly inferior tech group . 
  as long as you stay on-time with military tech , you 'll have a solid advantage you can leverage .
