  although it is also daily fail 's derp for not auto-redirecting to http if approached by the wrong protocol . 
  you probably do n't suck . 
  the tiger ii is just a hard tank to play because it 's a slow heavy with shitty armor for its ' tier . 
  it gets better in the e-75 , which can actually bounce non-gold ammo off the turret and hull . 
  honestly , the pm is dragging his feet because a ) he 's the incompetent sock puppet of back-room veterans and b ) because the mid-level bureaucrats are based enough to know what 's going on and obstruct transfers . 
  the president is also cucked to some degree , and thankfully on the tail-end of his final term . 
  it 's doubtful the next president will be less cucked , since the estonian president is elected into office by an electoral college consisting of mps and local representatives currently in office . 
  there 's no nationwide election for president . 
  short summary : a common political sentiment is being pro-nato ( except for the russian fifth column , ofc ) . 
  the migration issue is a divisive one , no clearly dominant attitude either way . 
  gdp has recovered from the 2008 crash , but salaries have n't improved and the 1 % is pocketing the extra profit from this . 
  the people are ... anxious , to a degree . 
  conflict with russia seems inevitable to many . 
  the world situation and estonia 's place in it is unstable enough that nobody really wants to openly be in charge . 
  taavi r\u00f5ivas ( reform party ) is the current pm , but like i said , he comes off as being incompetent , but having competent people pulling his strings . 
  eurosceptic party ekre has risen considerably in popularity . 
  they 're the only based party around , and as such are drawing accusations of fascism and racism all the time now that they 're clearly going to get into the parliament in the next elections . 
  estonia is heavily invested in remaining in the eu for security reasons ( i.e , russia probably wo n't want to piss off the eu by annexing a eu member state , on top of annexing a nato member ) . 
  however , the problems with migration and the eu leadership 's self-destructive handling of the crisis is definitely making people have doubts about the eu 's future in general . 
  yes , i live in estonia . 
  i recall someone on this subreddit did the math on production cost . 
  until you research the very last mp upgrade , you get more suppression out of the same amount of production with pure cavalry divisions . 
  save the support equipment for combat divisions . 
  because dictatorships do n't work that way . 
  erdogan 's fellow criminals-in-charge would pin all the crimes of his regime on him personally to wash themselves clean as they take over . 
  downloaded for posterity . 
  it can go back up if it gets deleted . 
  he 's cruisin ' for a bullet either way . 
  pissing off the us makes it so he can bring his cronies down with him if things go sour , so the cronies stay loyal . 
  meanwhile , he 's probably hoping on his fellow muslim-in-chief in the white house will just stutter around without doing anything until everyone forgets about this debacle . 
  well , for that era ... it may have actually been accurate . 
   #well , what difference - at this point - does if make ? 
  ftfy, 
  last night , i had a crazy thought . 
  is it possible to build a stable 4-way hybrid line by sideloading two hybrid lines ? 
  it could work for the robot production , putting light armor and smgs on one side of the belt and ~ ~ copper/iron ~ ~ steel/circuits on the other side . 
  of course , there would also have to be an overflow control , feeding back to the input belts . 
  basically , have while thing always flowing in a circle , without ever saturating the belt , to guarantee the factories get what they need without overproducing . 
  damn . 
  i almost want to get the game just to see if i can figure this one out myself . 
  [ comrade nuclear winter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8bb90q8vz0&amp;user=freedomforcefan ) actually exists , you know . 
  with the an-2 poking in from the corner , this image shows the entire aircraft inventory of the estonian air force in a single picture . 
  certainly . 
  as far as i know , the plan for estonian military pilots is to train them in combat flight maneuvers in peacetime and have them participate in joint task forces with wealthier nato allies providing the combat aircraft in wartime . 
  that said , the main function of the estonian air force is on the ground , operating the local airfields and radar sites . 
  yeah . 
  the better a user is at troubleshooting , the bigger the problem is going to be when they eventually call tech support . 
  and of course , that 's also when you discover that most of their earlier troubleshooting was a bunch of `` this made it sort-of work again ; good enough for me '' hacks they found on the internet , not correct solutions . 
  no , it 's the * target nation * that needs to use its ' own convoys to receive the lend lease . 
  even if they 're landlocked and ca n't have convoys . 
  and since they have zero convoys , their lend-lease transport efficiency is 0 % , meaning they never receive any lend-lease sent to them . 
  except us estonians *** are *** holding up our end of the deal . 
  not only in the budget , but we were also one of the few nato allies who provided troops to afghanistan without any restrictions on where they could be deployed . 
  and defending estonia without defending latvia or lithuania is not really viable . 
  admittely , i 'm pissed about lats and lits not doing their part , too . 
  and i seriously hope trump 's statements make them get off their asses and fill their end of the deal , too . 
  but in the end , they 're sovereign nations and there 's only so much estonia can do to make them fall in line . 
  hmm ... now that i think about it , trump was talking about letting russia have the baltics . 
  does that mean trump recognizes estonia as nordic ? 
   they serve absolutely 0 economic purpose , especially since they destroyed all of the industry the ussr pumped into them, 
  i beg to differ . 
  it was n't as if the baltics just decided `` hey , let 's break up all the industry because the ussr gave it to us and fuck them '' . 
  it was dismantled because free market and capitalism finally kicked in and the ussr was n't propping everything up with planned economy price controls and subsidies . 
  the factories were already worthless by the time of the ussr 's collapse . 
  they were hopelessly obsolete and nobody in the west was interested in what those industries could produce , so the baltics could only have exported the good to russia . 
  not only that , but those industries were entirely dependent on raw materials imported from russia , and understandably , the baltics wanted to avoid having their economy completely depend on russia 's political whims after having just regained their independence from a russian-dominated empire . 
  and if the baltics are so economically worthless , then how come their gdp per capita is better than russia 's ? 
  the answer is simple : the baltics have , successfully , transitioned into a modern service economy . 
  whereas russian economy is completely driven by its ' oil production . 
  you need at least one backer for any plot event to fire , and events leading to the success typically have a really long mtth unless there are at least two backers . 
  if the stack inserters leave gaps on the belt , then would n't the gaps still be there even with buffer chests ? 
  besides the problems the game engine has with negative dates ( years bc ) , there 's also the minefield of political correctness around the founding of islam to consider . 
  it would require a ck ( a video game ) to depict the prophet as a character players can interact with . 
  even if they make mohammed himself a completely unplayable npc , it 's still going to piss off some subset of muslims no matter how they handle it . 
  wikileaks just released [ 20k emails ] ( https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/ ) from the democratic national comittee , which more or less prove the democratic primaries were rigged against sanders . 
  along with a bunch of scandalously racist emails between leading democrats . 
  and internally admitting clinton 's criminal actions with her e-mail server , while discussing pr damage control . 
  not only that , but the female bia does n't count as a skill for purposes of xp progression . 
  i mean , paradox would start getting death threats , possibly even be targeted for a terror attack by some lone wolf , if they actually disrespected the prophet by using him as an interactable character in a video game . 
  which is why they 'll never do it . 
  crazy how people are afraid of offending the religion of peace , while being completely unafraid of offending christians . 
  eh , there 's enough belt storage capacity to keep the factory going even with gaps . 
  i suspect a bigger problem is going to be that both the buffers and the belt are full and the train wo n't unload . 
  oh they are still absolutely about making money . 
  do you have any idea how much hillary and co are paying them to keep pushing the leftist narrative ? 
  not just to the news companies themselves , but directly into the pockets of their top executives ? 
  nah , he said it 's `` bad napkin math '' because some of those 5000 require multiple backups each day . 
  props on the family for turning her in , instead of just going full dindu . 
  the field marshal is `` only '' 15 % to level 2 because fms have a big penalty to experience gain compared to generals . 
  you need to offset the penalty by giving them a ton of divisions that are constantly in combat and pushing the front . 
  i thought it was lefefefeefefeee ? 
  the short version is , paradox ran out of time in the end and started glossing over history . 
  from what i 've read , china and communist china were originally supposed to have their own focus trees , which were cut before the release . 
  that 's just one example of stuff pdx cut because it was too complicated for them . 
  another reason is game balance . 
  they 've deliberately gone ahistorical to reduce the extent of british influence in the world at start . 
  as for certain british territories like egyt , that should be puppets but are just `` british territory '' : it fucks up supply chains and the ai could n't handle it . 
  yep , 4x research cost for spacer level tech ( which all of the spaceship stuff is ) . 
  which ultimately translates to `` build and man multiple research benches '' . 
  that 's only thanks to japan being the aggressor in that theater .
