  publicity stunt , probably . 
  i wonder if they 'd try to renege if someone actually bought it . 
  because building the stable they advertise is probably more expensive than # 66,600 . 
  well , if that happens , we 're likely to see another coalition collapse before the 2019 election and the party goes back into the opposition . 
  the coalition partners of the pro-russian party are n't just powerless poodles who must blindly follow the ruling party 's lead . 
  a pivot to align with russia will not happen unless the entire coalition supports it . 
  since it goes directly against the coalition agreement an actual pivot to russia is unlikely . 
  at most , the ruling party can attempt to obstruct further integration with the west whenever they can hide behind budgetary concerns , but changing tune and turning toward russia is n't going to happen at this point . 
  psh , they 're all omnidisciplinary scientists anyway . 
  the main reason that this is n't going to happen is because the ai is not smart in any way . 
  it absolutely needs field marshals with infinite division caps to function . 
  it ca n't adequately handle partitioning a single border between multiple generals . 
  if the border is small enough that 24 units are enough , the ai uses a general . 
  if the border is too wide for 24 units , it assigns as many units as it needs and might even swap out the general for a field marshal , instead of just letting the general stay way past the division limit . 
  he 's not . 
  askthe_donald is basically trump supporters making shitposts in question form like `` will trump ever get tired of winning ? '', 
  and then circlejerking with the answer . 
  have you even played the game ? 
  the ai remains completely incompetent with the battle plan/army system as it currently exists . 
  the only thing it 's really capable of is ww1-style front-wide assaults . 
  it does n't even properly handle crushing pockets when it accidentally creates them . 
  and i 'm not sure how far it 's possible to go in terms of making ai-decisions more complicated without turning the late game into a total lagfest like ck2 became right after the rajas of india release . 
  even in hoi4 i still remember how the ai had no problem chocking the cpu around 1944 by creating hundreds of single-ship fleets and reassessing commander assignments on every hourly tick . 
  my best guess : russia had been nuked a couple times already and all their troops were invading enemy territory in other fronts when latvia suddenly declared and rushed their undefended vps . 
  i 'm fairly certain st. petersburg plus an handful of other vps nearby is enough to make 20 % even without moscow . 
  is n't `` locks on the inside '' a normal thing for protective gates like that ? 
  `` locks on the outside '' would be the unusual feature . 
  yep , undead resist all poisons regardless of effect . 
  nice build , though i think it would have looked better if you had made the floor under the floran statue lower , instead of making the ceiling higher . 
  britain did use its ' economic influence to deepen and exploit the divisions of the caste system to maintain control over the raj as a colony . 
  however , india was likely on the way to such vast wealth differences anyway . 
  perhaps without british-induced corruption india would have less income equality today . 
  or perhaps without the economic benefits provided by british investors looking to profit from the resources of the raj , india would just have somalia-levels of gdp and inequality would be as bad or even worse than it is in reality . 
  ultimately , we may never know : history , sociology and economics are n't sciences where we can ever have a `` control '' experiment to which we compare other outcomes . 
  all the meaningless `` what could have been '' situations of history can typically go both ways , and they 're never really applicable to modern situations . 
  hahahaha . 
  far from it . 
  the only reason his supporters think he 's universally adored is because online communities that adore him ban anyone who does n't go along with the obama circlejerk . 
  the word you 're looking for is ` depraved ' . 
  the estimate is that somewhere around 3 million illegal immigrants voted using the registrations of dead people or outdated registrations ( i.e , those of people who have moved to a different state , but are still on the voter registry in their old state ) . 
  this is how `` dead people '' vote : someone else votes using their name , usually an illegal immigrant or a relative of their voting multiple times . 
  you 're definitely not alone in this . 
  they have a right to block it from being built across their land and damn the economic benefits . 
  i do agree that what 's going on with the pipeline is a horrid trampling of the locals ' rights . 
  it 's one thing to use eminent domain law to get past individuals who stubbornly block projects that would benefit the local community . 
  it 's an entirely different matter to use those laws to trample the rights of entire communities in the name of corporate profit . 
  as far as fossil fuels in general go : i think we should push hard for nuclear and phase out oil-based power plants asap , followed by coal - and gas energy in 5-10 years . 
  true renewables like wind and solar can be developed too , but those technologies currently have fundamental intermittence issues that prevent them from accounting for more than 10 % of the power supply . 
  these hurdles might get resolved in the distant future , but definitely not in time to put a dent in climate change , which leaves a nuclear transition as the best option . 
  especially since modern reactors are n't nearly as horrible as the stuff that had to double as bomb-material production . 
  they 're far safer to operate and the waste the produce , while still radioactive , is n't nearly as dangerous as various old textbooks and alarmist articles make it out to be . 
  chernobyl-era nuclear technology is practically gone everywhere outside russia and china . 
  old plants in the west have mostly been shut down and any western reactor built in the past 20 years has been made with safer and cleaner technologies . 
  they generally have explained which new features are paid and which are free , but since each dev diary covers a limited amount of features , that information is spread out over multiple dd entries . 
  also , there are certain elements to combat logs ( namely , equipment-loss-logs ) and continuous focus ( two continuous foci related to the new puppet system ) that are only available to dlc-owners . 
  ... which makes very little sense , because germany was the one that sent lenin back to russia with shitloads of ( counterfeit ) money in the first place . 
  those are probably coming with the together for victory expansion , which also gives the raj its ' own focus tree . 
   historically the ussr did release the ukraine, 
  if by `` historically release '' you mean `` could n't keep control of it when the ussr was collapsing in the late 80s '' , then yes . 
  historically , soviet republics were not even puppet states like the satellites belonging to the warsaw pact . 
  the notion of ssr autonomy was mostly a sham while everything was still controlled from moscow . 
  the soviet union was russia plus areas under direct russian occupation , and the system collapsed rather quickly when gorbachev started giving the republics genuine political autonomy . 
  i have used signal companies extensively and have the following to say :, 
  their main function is that they increase the speed at which you gain planning bonus . 
  they 're crucial if you pick the assault branch of grand battle plan and useful for all other doctrines as well . 
  in fact , for mobile warfare , signal company basically means a division that 's out of org will recover it 's planning bonus to full faster than it recovers its ' org back to full . 
  signals companies basically mean you can sustain full planning bonus all the time , as long as you take occasional breaks in the offensive to let the front reorganize after cleaning up the pockets . 
  in addition , i 'm fairly certain signals companies also affect the odds of picking a good tactic in battle , further boosting the effects of an attached recon company . 
  personally , i 've abandoned support artillery attachments in favor of signals for all divisions meant for attacking . 
  finally , there is another consideration if you 're building pure-breakthrough tank divisions : adding support companies drastically can drastically reduce the armor and breakthrough values of a pure tank division . 
  i do n't recommend adding more than two support companies to such divisions , so choose two of engineer , recon , maintenance and signal . 
  although , it is weird that proxy spotting is identical to regular spotting . 
  it would make more sense if proxy spotting only calculated center-to-center . 
  agreed . 
  though right now factorio is the real king of addictive-as-crack games . 
  commander-hatch to commander-hatch , then , if you think that 's less arbitrary . 
  either way , proxy spotting should always be mutual . 
  punchthrough-focused snipetron vandal is actually surprisingly good for blunting mobs . 
  the only real issue with that build is that at higher levels , the damage wo n't be enough to oneshot mobs , which riven mods can fix if you get lucky on the rng . 
  not really competitive with the well-known mob crushers , of course , but good fun nonetheless . 
   good price here, 
  thanks for reminding me why i had to abandon boardgames as a hobby . 
  i 'm fairly certain that virtues ( or at least some virtues ) increase deathblow resist . 
  that 's probably why you survived . 
  he ca n't get a game over from being annexed , but he 's not going to cover the entire planet in total conquest . 
  there is n't enough time for a single superpower to colonize all the vacant provinces , even accounting for the colonization by the superpower 's vassals and colonial nations . 
  this is why any total world conquest as castile , france or england requires you to keep the other two ( plus portugal ) alive to play the colonial game for you . 
  so you can conquer their colonies in the late-game . 
  do n't worry too much about it . 
  soros-backed media pushed the same `` they 've betrayed us ! '', 
  narrative after brexit in an effort to make the right fight itself . 
  still , as / u/cainoom said , it could be about collecting public disapproval from his supporters , so he can go back on these `` promises '' later , pointing to the loud public backlash to them . 
  so do n't panic , but do n't stay quiet either . 
  yes , it was tied to clinton 's campaign manager john podesta . 
  and the pizza chain was supposedly an actual front for child prostitution and trafficking . 
  could you add some keyword like -- nofactclaims that tells the bot no factual claims are being made in the post , for users to put in their post if they 're only asking clarification or such ? 
  killing dragons in melee requires a very high investment into hp . 
  alteration and illusion do n't have the killing power to deal with dragons . 
  however shadow magic combined with high-level sneak combined with backstab perks do work on other endgame content like ebony vampires . 
   massing such amount of troops and more is just making me feel like nato higher ups are preparing for war .
