  obvious passageway in the back wall , but blocked by magical invisible wall/barrier . 
  barrier can dispelled by the staff on the shrine . 
  removing staff inflicts disease on whoever removes it ; action also awakens treant and water elementals in the garden and earth elementals in the next room . 
  staff also capable of dispelling other spells . 
  the crypt : sarcophagus in the center of the room , surrounded by six valuable-looking items held firmly in place by tree roots from the ceiling . 
  two earth elementals standing guard as statues . 
  valuable-looking items actually evil/cursed magic items contained for safe-keeping . 
  sarcophagus contains nothing valuable . 
  opening it awakens all elementals and treant ( if not already awakened ) and inflicts disease . 
  removing all six items also awakens the elementals and the treant . 
  the diseases : the disease/curse is something of a delayed effect . 
  a significant and hard to remove stat penalty , but not lethal on its ' own . 
  possibly delayed , with the `` symptoms '' showing only a few hours later , rather than coming into effect immediately . 
  basically , there 's a hard limit on how small a transistor can be , because of quantum mechanics . 
  we know how small the smallest transistor we can make is , even if we ca n't actually make a transistor that small yet . 
  when the limit is reached , though , then moore 's law will just stop working . 
  a stable government after the soviet invasion ? 
  that 's entirely untrue . 
  during the soviet invasion , that government only its ' ground because of the soviet troops rotating in and out of the country . 
  after the soviets left , the country remained in civil war , which the `` stable '' soviet-installed government eventually lost . 
  i think this is closer to asking your car dealership to fix your lawn mower . 
  basically , when your have ethanol and methanol in your stomach at the same time , your body processes the ethanol first , while ignoring the methanol . 
  eventually the body just lets the methanol leave without doing anything with it . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder if that thing is going to be some massive amount of hp that needs to be chipped away at by multiple expeditions . 
  given that sales and pre-order numbers affect their stock price , inflating their own sales number would also be fraud in the stock markets . 
  which is probably why they would get caught with it , not because they were lying to their customers . 
  it 's not entirely a matter of voltage . 
  most of continental europe uses 220v , but does n't mandate switched outlet . 
  i read elsewhere on reddit that it 's because copper rationing in britain during ww2 meant many houses were built with a single line of electricity running through everything , so it was n't possible to shut things down individually from the breaker . 
  hence why switched outlets were mandated for safety . 
  most crimes have what 's called a statute of limitations . 
  which basically means if the crime is old enough , it `` expires '' and courts will no longer accept the case . 
  in addition , it 's not illegal for police to ignore `` expired '' crimes . 
  there are exceptions , of course . 
  for instance , murder is a crime that never `` expires '' like that . 
  all that said , the estonian prosecution is kind of crap , and possibly even corrupt . 
  for instance , i recall a case where someone high up in the prosecution office was making death threats to someone . 
  the threats were reported to police with documentation , and was told that `` it 's just the way that guy communicates '' . 
  being next to cover counts as being * in * that cover against overwatch . 
  ~ ~ even if you would be flanked in that cover on a regular shot . ~ ~ this also applies to your own soldiers , in case you ever need to rush ~ ~ along a wall ~ ~ past a large window to break some alien overwatch . 
  edit : okay , this was supposed to be a response to another post of yours . 
  but eh , you 're still op , so it 's fine . 
  i 'm not they guy you responded to , but i 'd love to have a nickname included . 
  after some consideration , i 've decided i 'd like a reddit legend to be put in : [ `` the kevin '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/219w2o/whos_the_dumbest_person_youve_ever_met/cgbhkwp ) ; any superclass is fine , really . 
  ah . . that 's good to know , then . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  ... where the fuck is / tg / on that list ? 
  you really should link to the previous post , op . 
   jewelries, 
  i have seen the ai do it a few times , if they commit to harmony and i do n't spam orbital units enough to stop them . 
  judging by how common yoma can be ambushed by claymores , i 'd say youma probably lack the ability to sense yoki the way claymores can . 
  perhaps not useful to your band of adventurers , but it could be a bit of useless lore information they discover . 
  it was actually a cpu issue . 
  converting a binary integer into a displayable date was expensive in terms of cpu cycles , so the programmers stored dates in forms that are no longer widely used in modern computers . 
  / u/jsleidell explains in more detail [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3np7qw/eli5_what_exactly_was_the_danger_of_the_y2k_bug/cvq9fml ) . 
  definitely going to weigh in on this when i have some free time later . 
  there 's no such illusion , as far as i can tell . 
  it 's just that there 's actually proof nowadays , and people are becoming less afraid of speaking out against the bad cops than they used to be . 
  ** did n't ** . 
  right . 
  on the whole , the technique itself is ultimately sub-par on its ' own . 
  in traditional swordplay , wielding two blades provides the ability to follow up a successful parry with an immediate counterattack . 
  two blades can also be used to consistently deny your opponent openings for a counterattack . 
  but that 's traditional swordplay , assuming your opponent has a single sword or possibly a sword and a shield . 
  for a claymore , the tradeoff is a highly situational tactical advantage in exchange for reduced speed , precision and strength of individual blows . 
  against awakened beings , the assumptions of traditional swordplay go right out the window , since an ab can easily have two bladed appendages ; not to mention the spike-extension ranged attack ubiquitous among both yoma and awakened . 
  undine 's technique is , in fact , only useful against other claymores and possibly humans . 
  besides the combat technique itself , having two claymores also provides an intimidation factor ... which is also largely useless against opponents undine does n't already outclass anyway . 
  however , despite the harsh judgment of the technique , it matches undine 's personality extremely well . 
  at the end of the day , undine is someone who hides behind brash overconfidence to hide her own insecurity . 
  being able to wield two blades ( both for intimidation and for the memory of her fallen friend ) is more important to undine than any actual tactical advantage provided by the technique . 
  ninja edit : however , there is significant potential in the twin sword style , should a claymore be powerful enough to combine it with another special technique . 
  though to my knowledge , this never actually happened in the story . 
  i have also given significant thought to the idea of an awakened undine , which provides interesting potential to the twin sword style being complemented by awakened abilities . 
   also , you seem to know some stuff about dual-wielding swords . 
  actually , you should take what i say with a few grains of salt . 
  most of my knowledge on this kind of thing is parroting stuff i ^ vaguely remember from the youtube videos of [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/skallagrimnilsson ) . 
  shame there is n't an eyepatch `` hat '' . 
  then it would be perfect . 
  it should be possible to get back by using the coc command from the console . 
  other than that , no , i do n't think it 's possible . 
  i think he meant a situation where a dr inmate accuses someone else . 
  the problem is russia is n't actually self sufficient , despite their rhetoric . 
  russia has the potential to be self-sufficient , true . 
  but for all their talk about self-sufficiency and resource-rich siberia , they lack the technological capability and industrial expertise to efficiently harvest those resources and achieve the self-sufficiency they need . 
  on top of that , the russian government is hopelessly corrupt and very closely involved with how private enterprises are run in the country . 
  even if they had the resources to be self-sufficient , the oligarchs would continue to export those resources to fill their own pockets . 
  edit : more accurately , russia lacks the technological expertise to efficiently produce the goods and resources needed by their population . 
  i 'm not saying they do n't have the technological expertise to efficiently produce oil and other valuable export resources . 
  how many new runs did you have to start for this to happen ? 
  `` press and hold 4 to kill everything '' . 
  though honestly , that strategy was pretty much the only answer players had to compete with bs difficulty spike in high level content . 
  there are two methods of immortality in skyrim . 
  the one that uses the ` isessential ' variable just means when they suffer fatal damage , they kneel down and ai stops targeting them while they regenerate . 
  if they take serious damage ( from player attack or aoe ) while kneeling down , they still die . 
  the other method is true invincibility when kneeling , which afaik is only hardcoded to certain plot-essential characters ( like ulfric and tullius ) until the game lifts that immortality from them based on the world state . 
  edit : oh , and there 's also the invincibility children have . 
  not sure if that 's a third form of immortality in addition to the other two or not . 
  potato of real .
