  possibly thinks `` hectacres '' is how its ' supposed to be spelled , to match the spelling of acres ? 
  society is , in many ways like a human body . 
  you do n't `` rehabilitate '' cancerous tissue , you cut it out and dispose of it . 
  same goes for removing socially cancerous individuals : remove them from society and put them in a bin where they ca n't do any damage . 
  the risk of actual damage caused by a failed rehabilitation going back into society is far greater than the loss of indeterminate `` potential '' caused by permanent isolation of a mentally ill individual . 
  it simply is n't worth the risk to pretend that everyone can be rehabilitation . 
  this ties into journalism and freedom of press laws . 
  criminalizing publication of illegally leaked materials for the press would be a severe restriction on the freedom of press . 
  it would basically be like nixon ordering his doj to prosecute any news agency that covered the watergate scandal . 
  then there 's the motive aspect of the leaks to consider . 
  comey leaked classified information specifically in order to discredit trump , even though trump was n't doing anything illegal and even the accusations of ethical breaches are highly disputable . 
  manning leaked anything he could get his hands on , basically in order to stick it to the military because of his own antipathy toward the military , including information that put lives at risk . 
  snowden leaked information about how us agencies were carrying out mass surveillance of american citizens to a ( potentially ) illegal extent , exposing actual criminal activity on behalf of us intelligence . 
  and even then he did that only after his complaints through the legal channels of objection were shut down and stonewalled by his superiors . 
  assange , meanwhile , did not actually leak anything himself . 
  assange ( and wikileaks ) was merely the media outlet which manning and snowden turned to to have their leaks published . 
  similar to how deep throat in the watergate scandal turned to washington post reporters woodward and bernstein to have information on watergate published . 
  fdr himself was extremely eager to intervene in the war from the very outset for personal ideological reasons ( and to justify further expansion of centralized federal authority over the states ) . 
  it was congress ' unwillingness to expand military spending for a distant war and their resistance to expanding federal authority that caused the `` isolationism '' . 
  there part where the `` progressive communist '' government was just the ussr selecting one afghan tribe , putting them in charge and giving them full freedom to oppress and exploit the other tribes of the land ? 
  the ussr was the second-to-last colonial empire to collapse , with only the usa still left . 
  the ussr was a continuation of russian imperialism under new leadership . 
  the ussr was kleptocratic oligarchy hiding behind a farce of communist ideology to justify the oppression and exploitation of the proletariat , with the military and political leadership taking the role of the oppressors that controlled the means of production . 
  given that the gate is in japanese territory , the japanese government declared everything `` inside the gate '' to be japanese territory by extension , sidestepping the issue with basically a loophole . 
  nazism does n't really fit with the traditional left/right dichotomy in the slightest . 
  on one hand , it 's strongly nationalist , which is a right wing ideal . 
  on the other hand , nazism also stresses loyalty and obedience to the state apparatus , and demands personal sacrifice by citizens for the greater good of the state , which are all far-left ideals . 
  national socialism as an ideology is all over the place when it comes to right/left ideologies , and it 's way too radical in nature to be considered centrist . 
  this is n't helped by how `` nazi '' and `` fascist '' have also become ad hominems used by lousy internet debaters when they run out real arguments and need to quickly discredit their opponent . 
  on the topic of russia : it is n't just the left pushing for war , but also russia itself . 
  or more accurately , russia is pushing propaganda and completely bullshit narratives about how `` the common people '' of eastern europe want to be friends of russia . 
  and everyone who objects to those narratives gets accused of being fascists , warmongers and western puppets . 
  russia is trying to start shit , in the hopes the us will be desperate enough to avoid war that you 'll just abandon the allies that went to afghanistan and iraq with you . 
  add a dose of bullshit guilt over nonexistent promises of limiting nato expansion to justify abandoning allies that `` should n't have been included in the first place '' and you 've got a nasty , complex issue that makes it easy for russian propaganda to create a shallow , simplistic narrative that nobody has the time to question by delving into the deeper nuances of it . 
  the biggest inaccuracy i see is the `` free wifi '' thing . 
  it was n't true before 2007 and it certainly is n't true now . 
  if anything , free wifi has become less common as people become more aware of securing their access points , and as companies have moved from all instances of a wifi router model having the same default password ( available on the internet ) to unique default passwords being printed on the box . 
  beyond that , an internet connection costs money , period . 
  it 's only a question of who is paying for it . 
  if it 's not your own contract with an isp , then it 's either taxpayers collectively paying for it ( when its ' free wifi at a govt . 
  building of some kind ) or the private enterprise providing `` free '' wifi access is factoring the costs into the prices of their regular services . 
  there is also a ( standalone ) wireless internet service that functions on similar principles to cell phone reception . 
  while this service is often used to provide internet for small farmsteads and other isolated places where laying a cable wo n't ever be profitable for the major isp-s , but that wireless connectivity is n't free either . 
  russia issues also have a lot to do with how they gave utter shit treatment to their one-time periphery and have repeatedly tried to assimilate these conquered cultures out of existence , once during the russian empire ( and then ww1 and the revolution happened ) and again during the soviet era ( and then the union collapsed ) . 
  any small neighbor of russia 's that has a choice in the matter hates russia and is trying to move away from them . 
  this is why russia insists their neighbors need to be `` neutral '' in order to be friends of russia . 
  they do n't want their `` friends '' to have the potential leverage option of choosing not to be russia 's friends anymore . 
  which will ... probably end with trump 2020 win . 
  assuming he has n't been assassinated by then . 
  if you 're comparing current year events to the massive loss of life that was the civil war , then you are in serious need of a reality check . 
  then again , much of the blame for this lack of perspective rests with the media . 
  i do n't think the us has seen such widespread incitement to conflict since [ the spanish-american war was incited by shitty reporting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_of_the_spanish\u2013american_war ) . 
   we had a civil war once because the country elected a president who swore to abolish slavery , and swore to uphold the constitution . 
  the southern states ' economy relied upon slavery , and they were hoping for a president that would preserve their right to practice it . 
  in retaliation they declared themselves independent and elected their own president . 
  that 's a rather biased view of the matter , and completely overlooks the part where that president took a giant piss on the constitution to actually make it happen . 
  for one , lincoln unconstitutionally suspended * habeas corpus * to shut down what political opposition to abolitionism existed in the north , including using his suspension of * habeas corpus * to arrest a scotus judge and stop his vote from having the supreme court strike down his suspension of * habeas corpus * . 
  secondly : lincoln did n't actually have the votes to pass a constitutional amendment . 
  so lincoln made nevada into a state , to gain the extra votes he needed , despite nevada ( at the time ) not meeting the minimum population criteria required for it to even be considered for the process of becoming a state . 
  lincoln did a great thing , abolishing the atrocity that was slavery , but we should n't gloss over all the shady and tyrannical shit he did to actually pull it off and pretend he was some perfect liberal messiah who could do no wrong . 
  [ from dictionary.com ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/conflagration ) :, 
   conflagration, 
   n. a destructive fire , usually an extensive one . 
  it 's just fear mongering and click-bait that uses big , bad-sounding words that are * just * vague enough that the publication ca n't be called to account for stoking hysteria , inciting violence or anything else like that . 
  i know it 's wikipedia , and unfortunately there 's no in-line citation , but : [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_nevada#statehood ) . 
  nevada population at the time of attaining statehood was 6,857 while a common requirement for statehood at the time was a minimum population of 60,000 . 
  digging further , i have found that nevada was actually given statehood with a timing that was suspiciously convenient for lincoln 's re-election , but not quite in time for the 13th amendment ( the representatives added by nevada did not make it to that convention in time to participate ) . 
  however , lincoln did not ostensibly need the nevada votes for his reelection , because one of his opponents in the election dropped out around he same time , making him the landslide favorite anyway . 
  here 's another [ wikipedia link ] ( / https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/history_of_nevada/early_statehood_\\ ( 1864-1912 \\ ) #lincoln .27 s_involvement ) elaborating lincoln 's involvement, 
  you are probably right about lincoln backing off on the suspension of habeas corpus . 
  that stuff was just off the top of my head at the time , and i was misremembering how that mess went down . 
  still , a damn mess that lincoln tried to suspend it in the first place , and even worse that he actually had the army exercise it even during/after court and congress resistance to it . 
  i 'll go with sjw . 
  i think they 're calling out rich white people , rather than jews . 
  well , for one rimworld has added a traversible , randomly generated world map and the ability to resettle and/or send out expeditions/raids in the latest update . 
  another aspect is the storyteller system . 
  events like lightning storms , raids , toxic fallout etc. 
  are n't entirely random . 
  there 's a rather sophisticated system behind deploying challenges , or boons , for your colony . 
  a system that actually analyzes the status of your colony and puts weights on rng possibilities . 
  but it 's organic , seamless and still unpredictable enough that past some initial `` guaranteed '' events in the very beginning of a colony , you ca n't tell it 's not random , unless you 've put in your homework and know beforehand what to look for . 
  also mods . 
  so , so many good mods . 
  been trying out a command & conquer mod that adds tiberium into the game , along with several uses for the material . 
  and the rush to get your colony 's perimeter up so that the expanding tiberium fields do n't just overrun your colony . 
  well , yes . 
  as a working member of the colony , yes . 
  but as a source of meat and leather cowboy hats , he 's as good as anyone else . 
  another thing 4e did really well was simplify the creation of custom monsters for the dm . 
  and the whole concept of `` minion '' type enemies that die from a single solid hit , while still having level-appropriate defense ratings and offensive power was a good one too . 
  great way of making sure battles against large numbers of `` weak '' enemies were winnable without making them a guaranteed slog of a win for a high-level party . 
  truthfully , not much point . 
  they 're there for presence and deterrence , more than actual combat . 
  if russia actually makes a full-scale attack , it wo n't really matter how modern the us planes that get bombed to pieces on the ground are . 
  however , in a green men scenario like in ukraine , the a-10 will be adequate against anything that a plausibly deniable group of `` local separatists '' could muster . 
  if the `` local separatists '' show up with aa systems that pose an insurmountable defense against the a-10 , then it 's no longer remotely plausible for russia to deny their direct support of the separatists , nor the involvement of russian soldiers ( because where would `` local '' separatists get the training to operate aa systems that the estonian military has never used ) . 
  if checking for control of the megastructure does n't work in building requirement scope , try gating the special buildings behind a cheap tech that requires the science nexus . 
  failing that , the event scope should definitely work . 
  make a tech similar to the stuff you get from amoeba/mining drone/void cloud wreckage , and have an event trigger when you control the final tier science nexus that gives some amount of progress to the `` fallen empire buildings '' tech , thereby unlocking it as a permanent research choice . 
  yes , let 's put everyone that 's sick of our identity politics into an environment where they have to fall in line with racist gangs to survive and where they can directly network with people that know where to get illegal weapons and explosives .
