  from the pilot 's point of view : surplus bombs make the plane heavier ( and therefore slower ) . 
  the pilots want to get out from hostile airspace as fast as possible , so they want to dump the bombs . 
  since heavy bombers of that era had to be in relatively level flight to safely drop their bombs , they turned around near their target with the surplus bombs still in the bay . 
  so they ended up dropping their surplus bombs after they had leveled out from the turn and were in a `` safe '' spot , where they were n't being harassed by aa fire and intercepting fighters . 
  possibly over some small village they do n't even know is there . 
  sure , it was unfortunate collateral damage , but it would have been far worse of them to drop the excess bombs over a large city . 
  and in that era , not even allied soldiers valued the lives of enemy civilians over their own lives . 
  as strong as miata is , priscilla would utterly wreck her . 
  as for the other question : [ after miria destroyed the organization , surviving claymores were implied to just go their own way . 
  try to figure out what they were going to do with their lives , now that they were n't just tools/test subjets in the organization 's service . 
  a handful of them went to witness the final fight against priscilla , but iirc miata was n't there for that . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  sure , we can hope . 
  given that nordic 's already had involvment in vermintide , it would n't be a stretch for them to make an action rpg . 
  hell , 4-player co-op might work out well with the darksiders franchise . 
  though this also brings up my fear that they 'll try and turn darksiders 3 into a shallow microtransaction cash-cow . 
  or maybe he 's recognized the tide is beginning to turn against globalism and decided to cover his ass early , instead of doubling down on the kool-aid until it was too late . 
  consider for a moment , that a family typically needs both parents working full time to have a middle-class lifestyle with children . 
  it 's not surprising that people want to use their available free time to rest or spend it with their children , instead of spending it listening to the speeches of rich politicians . 
  yes , there is . 
  a single air squadron goes flies out on a mission twice a day . 
  a single 1000-strong squadron can , at most , win two air battles a day , or do two air strikes in a day . 
  two 500-strong squadrons are going to win four battles a day . 
  ten 100-strong squadrons are going to be involved in 20 air battles each day , and are going to win 19/20 of those fights . 
  also , someone did an analysis of how cas works . 
  cas squadons `` join '' an ongoing battle , and leave after they 've done their damage . 
  the same rule of `` two missions a day '' applies to cas squadrons as well . 
  but there 's also a limited amount of cas planes that can actually deal damage when they support a ground battle . 
  this limit depends on how much combat width the enemy ground forces have . 
  if your squadron has more planes that can `` fit '' above the combat width of the enemy , the rest just do nothing . 
  the optimal number of airplanes in a squadron is 100 for fighters and 120 for cas . 
  planes above those numbers do not really contribute to the outcome of the two fights per day that their squadron get involved in . 
  huh ... 
  the stuff i do is really tame compared to what i 'm seeing on this thread . 
  i just put down raiders that are n't worth rescuing and make kibble out them raiders when i run out ( and when my colonists ' mood can handle it ) . 
  plus selling the leather to passing merchants . 
  manipulation is key to the speed of his craft , not the quality . 
  he 'll work faster with good hands . 
  this would be an amazing script for an installment of [ the chapel ] ( http://chapelcomic.com/ ) comic . 
  because they * failed * to take over the entire galaxy when opposed by ai . 
  even with 600 years of time . 
  a player would actually push them back out of the galaxy with a combination of adequate ship design , competent fleet deployment and deliberately going after the queens . 
  also , note that while libtards are blaming based sheriff clarke for this , clarke is actually the sheriff of milwaukee county . 
  the city is not his jurisdiction . 
  when the choice is between caring for the empire or caring for your own children , then the fall is a foregone conclusion . 
  the whole problem is that the economy right now is balanced around both parents being employed , and the business are going to absolutely everything in their power to prevent things from going back to how they were before ww2 , where the father made a large enough salary to provide for not just his children , but also his spouse . 
  i 'm not saying we should go back to the days where women are expected to stay in the kitchen , but one marriage partner ( whether the husband or the wife ) should always be able to provide for the whole family . 
  that 's half the point of the marriage-based family unit , which the leftists have been trying to destroy for decades . 
  spark of genius is n't strictly better . 
  maniacal adds tech option weight to a rare techs , psi tech in particular . 
  spark of genius affects considerably fewer technologies , and even the ones it does add weight to also gain an increase in weight from having a maniacal scientist . 
  nice !, 
  the only time i beat an fe ( the ringworld one , to boot ) , it did n't feel like an achievement at all . 
  it was just blatantly obvious the ai had derped out . 
  stubbornly bombarding one of my irrelevant frontier colonies with its ' multiple 20k fleets while i snuck past the lines , destroyed their starbases and landed troops on their ringworlds . 
  ca n't wait to beat an fe legitimately . 
  wow . 
  i know the russian infantry was crazy enough to ride into battle behind the turrets of their t-34s , but this is even crazier . 
  only for butchering the corpse itself for meat . 
  animals do n't have thoughts at all and colonists do n't care about animals in a barn eating from a stockpile of human kibble . 
  have n't checked if colonists get upset when they feed downed animals with human-kibble . 
  i 'm also pretty sure kibble is never used for animal handling tasks . 
  i am unsure if using raw human meat for animal training tasks produces negative thoughts . 
  are you trolling , or do you actually not know the difference between [ martin luther ( 1483-1546 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_luther ) and [ martin luther king jr. 
  ( 1929-1968 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_luther_king_jr . 
  the plot leader that tried to assassinate the spymaster died before the `` notify liege '' event triggered for you . 
  right click for fleets is a regular move order . 
  you can move ships into ports that are not their home base , though there 's no practical reason to ever do that . 
  probably an orphaned part of a deeper mechanic that got cut out of the game before release . 
  or possibly something the ai uses for the automatic detach/repair/return function of damaged ships in a fleet . 
  in any case , regular right-click move is limited by the fleet 's maximum range . 
  the naval rebase order with infinite range is ctrl+r ight click and has infinite range . 
  edit : oh , and the `` reservist '' divisions have an mp attachment because it 's historical . 
  they 're nkvd divisions . 
  avoiding regular `` which triplet is this ? '', 
  shenanigans as normal , i 'd say . 
  the names are sufficiently distinct for a native estonian-speaker . 
  we did have big bombing attacks during ww2 ; just not in tallinn . 
  narva had a very beautiful `` old town '' section , but only three buildings had walls standing after heavy bombing . 
  the old town of tartu also suffered considerable damage , and the majority of damaged buildings there were torn down for materials after the war , instead of being restored . 
  yeah , mp attachment are a waste in general until the third and fourth techs . 
  especially since the attachment takes so little support equipment , that even the slightest bit of attrition from bad weather nullifies the benefit . 
  small divisions of pure cav are enough for suppression . 
  heck , soviet onion does n't even need suppression , it has enough resources and factory space that it does n't need to care about occupied territories . 
  as in : you can summon colonists to moons with colony deeds , and they provide t10 equipment and pixel amounts as rent and quest rewards . 
  the moon ghost will only go after targets that have erchius in their inventory . 
  i do n't think npcs even have an inventory . 
  it ... might kill the colonists if the player lures the ghost to them , but otherwise , not a chance . 
  the tension increase from treaties depends on how much warscore worth of stuff is taken in the treaty . 
  if a peace treaty resulted in `` status quo '' ( ie , the winners do n't take anything ) , world tension would be reduced by 5 % . 
  as more warscore is spent on taking stuff , tension generated by the treaty increases . 
  you can use this mechanic to eat away at your neighbor a bit , and because the demands were `` justified '' and you did n't take more than you declared you would , world tension goes down or remains the same . 
  but ethiopia is so worthless that even if italy full annexes , it does n't offset the -5 % base . 
  what 's really dumb for world tension , though , is the end of the spanish civil war increasing world tension so much , counter to all logic . 
  signals company is not as useless as it sounds . 
  they also give an additive increase to unit `` initiative '' , which is the rate at which units gain planning bonus at each daily tick . 
  if you use grand battle plan , signals companies are a must if you do n't want to spend three months to max out that potential 120 % planning bonus before each offensive . 
  mobile warfare also benefits from signals companies . 
  german mobile warfare divisions with a 1939 signals company can reach full planning bonus in just 4 days , thanks to their starting national bonus . 
  meteorites are not a problem if you just dig deep enough .
