  that 's the absurd reality of russian `` minority protection '' ideology in eastern europe and the baltics . 
  russia 's neighbors are not as deluded in seeing a threat from russia as russian propaganda likes to insist . 
  nice whataboutism there . 
  no , i do n't prefer that argument . 
  i prefer the argument `` it 's not acceptable for america either , but america doing something unacceptable does n't make it acceptable for russia '', 
  and yes , depopulation is a problem that needs to be tackled . 
  but under russian rule , it will be tackled against our will through russian colonization and the slow eradication of estonian identity . 
  the bane of t3s everywhere . 
   b ) in court , only doctors should be on those juries . 
  that is a terrible , terrible idea . 
  it 's like saying only police officers should be on the jury if there 's a civil case against an officer . 
  or that only white people should be on the jury when a lynch mob is on trial . 
  there 's an unavoidable familiarity between jury and defendant if they 're both in the same profession . 
  heck , what you 're suggesting , is no different from `` only malpractice victims should be on these juries '' . 
  it 's just biased in the other direction . 
  bad idea , that second one . 
  for one , the whole idea of donating is about supporting a specific political view , or rewarding specific politicians for their results or supporting politicians who make election promises you like . 
  literally nobody goes `` well , the election is important so i 'll support all the sides on principle , including those that want to rip me off '' . 
  for another , a government managed election fund is just going to end up being directed to their candidates by the party in power , reinforcing their hold on future election results . 
  or it gets the funds get distributed to scammers who get together enough signatures to forward their candidacy but then just keep the money without spending any of it on a campaign they never intended to win . 
  heh , if there * was * a naturalization process on record , then it means obama should never have been president . 
  naturalized ( as opposed to natural born ) citizens are not eligible to be president . 
  there 's still an ongoing legal debate among lawyers of what `` natural born citizen '' actually means . 
  some lawyers say it 's enough for one parent to be a citizen at the time of the birth . 
  some say it 's `` both parents or born on us soil '' . 
  plus the whole issue of whether someone can be a natural-born citizen of multiple countries ( ie , cruz , who help dual citizenship from birth for both us and canada ) . 
  people much smarter than us are arguing about the nuances this complex matter . 
  your unqualified opinion wo n't sway my position on the matter , and mine likely wo n't sway yours . 
  [ here is an essay ] ( https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1263885 ) from 2010 , explaining why ** both ** approaches can be considered valid in legal theory . 
  i understand the value of anonymous informants . 
  wikileaks documents were given to them by a source they left anonymous . 
  and nobody has successfully disputed the validity of the documents . 
  but considering how much bullshit has come out of the traditional news media lately , i just do n't trust that `` anonymous source '' is n't `` random hobo on the street who we paid to say he was an intelligence official '' . 
  not without independent verification of some kind . 
  the traditional media just is n't trustworthy enough for me to simply assume they 're telling the truth , and in hindsight it likely never has been . 
  and why i linked the essay by a law professor from georgetown university . 
  also , harvard ? 
  you mean that institute full to the brim with liberally biased jews ? 
  yes , that 's very credible and not biased at all . 
  it 's from harvard so it must be a gospel that everyone else needs to prostrate themselves before . 
  if you think that having a population group that 's 2 % of the american population make up 80 % of harvard 's faculty is anything other than tribal nepotism , then i 've got a few bridges to sell you . 
  on a more rational level , it 's not that i have a problem with jews as such . 
  i do n't even have a problem with jews having their own political topics they consider important . 
  what i have a problem with is your exact reaction . 
  the moment anyone admits there is a distinct jewish political lobby with its ' own biases ( just as there is a black lobby , a christian lobby or a muslim lobby ) , they 're antisemitic and the matter may not be discussed further . 
  it 's a cop out where liberals ( not only liberal jews ) once again get to put a label on their critics and dismiss the entire discussion and pretend they 've `` won '' the debate without actually putting forward any counterpoints or arguments . 
  it 's bullshit and that discussion taboo is something that needs to go . 
  the jews can argue for their own interests in the open , like everyone else . 
  only people who think the jews ' faults are indefensible would want to protect them from open discourse instead of letting the jews defend their own actions such as their hiring patterns . 
  question is , was it worth a disabled tank to take out an at gun ? 
  for one , high society of europe and high society of the us were very different cultures . 
  during the colonial expansion period , fanciful fashion styles of european nobility became a way of snubbing and keeping out influential merchants who were becoming wealthier and more influential from the colonial trade , but did n't have the stable , independent wealth of taxation . 
  since the wealth of the bourgeois depended on business , they risked financial ruin if they tried to keep up with the expense of noble fashion . 
  even during the revolution , the common common people looked up to the extravagance of the nobility to get it for themselves . 
  when the traditional estates were abolished in france , every citizen defaulted to the status of nobility . 
  by contrast , the usa took the opposite approach . 
  as the estates were abolished in favor of equal citizenship , every citizen defaulted to the status of a commoner . 
  as such , there was a general social expectation of humility and practicality . 
  `` do n't be too much like those uppity lords and ladies in europe '' . 
  from this discrepancy came the difference in clothing fashion between the usa and europe . 
  of course , over the course of the 19th century , social structures changed to such an extent and a variety of other reasons started playing into the matter . 
  for instance , the utilitarian fashions of factory proletariat and the total collapse of the nobility 's traditional income , such that even nobles themselves could not keep up with the expensive fashions they were creating to keep the increasingly wealthy-but-lowborn capitalist class out of high society . 
  they have experience in * business administration * , which means they do have a decent enough idea on what needs to be done to encourage businesses to create jobs in the us . 
  as opposed to experience in political corruption or party loyalty , based on which career politicians like clinton would make their admin picks . 
  and indeed , having little experience in the latter is indeed a feature . 
  their lack of political experience means they 're not ( as ) entangled in the web of political favors , corruption and blackmail material as most career politicians in washington are . 
  that familiarity is also the easiest way to get acquittals out of professional courtesy , rather than a judgment of the facts . 
  the military is still ultimately accountable to civilian governance . 
  doctors ? 
  they 're just people too . 
  i doubt this system will end with anything other than doctors constantly covering for each others ' malpractice . 
  suppose there 's a doctor on trial , completely guilty of negligence , judged by a jury of exclusively other doctors . 
  and every doctor on that jury will be thinking `` he made one mistake in our stressful line of work . 
  what if that 's me on that defense seat next time i 'm careless ? '', 
  a system like that will inevitably be corrupted . 
  word will get around of which doctors refuse to cover for their fellows . 
  no doctor will judge another doctor guilty , lest they be judged guilty themselves in the future . 
  i 'm not talking about jews the religion , but rather jews the ethnicity . 
  however , looking to reply with a citation , i find that you 're right and i was misremembering the statistics which i thought were saying 80 % of the faculty were jewish . 
  nonetheless , [ here is an article ] ( http://www.theoccidentalobserver.net/2010/07/kevin-macdonald-jewish-overrepresentation-at-elite-universities-explained/ ) with links to research , showing that ethnic jews are massively overrepresented at harvard and other elite education institutes ; and overrepresented by far more than can be explained by how much the average education performance of that minority is above the national average . 
  large-scale wind parks also have proven negative effects on wildlife and the fishing industry ( for offshore windparks , like those planned in hiiumaa ) , as well as health effects from infrasound pollution and low-frequency vibration . 
  there 's also the part where the wind developers straight up lie and build larger , more disruptive windmills , and built them closer to population than their building permits allow them to . 
  and the only time anything is ever done about it is if locals take them to court over it , because inspectors and government just ignore such violations because `` green energy , must support ! '', 
  until someone else complains loudly enough . 
  are n't they just planning to replace it with an f-35 variant in the future ? 
  my solution is quite simple : level 0 fodder for early-game hamlet development . 
  i hire a band of four level zeroes , send them into an apprentice dungeon with as little equipment as i can get away with ( meaning , who the fuck needs torches ! ), 
  and just dismiss them without stress relief or anything , unless they get a really good combination of positive traits . 
  the problem i run into is that i tend to lack a good a-team that 's ready to take on the bosses when i need to progress . 
  did n't they also capture tons of british , french and soviet equipment over the first half of the war , though ? 
  there was also a bug at one point ( a12 or a13 , iirc ) that could sometimes cause the storyteller to permanently stop giving the colony orbital trader events . 
  first , create a portrait image you want to use . 
  find a good picture of min , crop only the face to 156px * 210px , and convert it into . dds format in visual studio or whatever else can do the conversion . 
  the final name should be `` portrait_phi_pagan_min . dds '', 
  then you need to place the portrait in / users / { username } / documents/paradox interactive/hearts of iron 4/mod / { your mod name } / gfx/leaders/phi /, 
  create directories as needed , but all these names need to match what i 've written here . 
  no typos allowed . 
  then , you need to copy { hoi4 install directory } / history/countries/phi - philippines.txt ( or something like that ) to mod / { mod name } / history/countries /, 
  then edit the phi - philippines.txt copy in your mod 's directory to add the following code :, 
  create_country_leader = {,
