  this i can agree on . 
  at the very least , minor failures should n't destroy any organs/implants . 
  damaging the implant or target organ should always be a major failure . 
  meh , the obligations of the vienna convention did n't matter to putin either ` bout ten years ago , when they just let nashi riot around the estonian embassy and attack the diplomatic motorcade during the whole bronze soldier debacle . 
  not that i 'm defending the democrats . 
  just pointing out the vienna convention is one of those things that people only remember when its ' convenient and beneficial for their side to remember it . 
  doing away with the backbone is doable in theory . 
  and probably in practice as well in a decade or three . 
  the transoceanic pipelines and those across sparsely populated areas like the us midwest or siberia become public utilities paid for by taxpayer money ( and probably subject to international agreements to create them ) . 
  the rest becomes a mesh network of end-user routers and server access points . 
  but yeah , even if implemented in a decade into the future , there 's probably going to be a heavy short-term reduction in data transfer speeds due to reduced throughput . 
  the technology for high-speed internet without centralized isp backbones just is n't quite here yet . 
  edit : on second thought , handing over control of the internet to national governments and government-controlled utility monopolies might not be such a good idea , even if we could do it . 
  so basically , hand over control of the entire internet to whatever council of people manipulate themselves into being in charge of that ngo ? 
  until we manage to uplift ourselves into some kind of hive-mind , giving something to `` the people '' is just code for giving it to a small number of potentially corruptible elected representatives . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  we could do it , but it 's probably not a good idea . 
  even if we did have the technology to make everything wireless in densely populated areas without any loss in bandwidth , making it into a utility monopoly for international connections is probably not a good idea in the slightest . 
  yep . 
  and by 1940 , any allies player would already have a stockpile of 1940 dds and cas through timing their focus discounts to counter that sub spam . 
  as far as i 've researched , carter 's failures seem more about timing than any exceptional incompetence on his part . 
  he ran into a shitload of complicated problems during his presidency , and if carter had pushed as aggressively as reagan did on foreign policy , he probably would have made the cold war go hot instead of ending it like reagan did . 
  when i look at carter 's record as a president , i realize his lack of results , but i just do n't see what he realistically could have done better . 
  i think no matter which president had taken office during carter 's election cycle , they 'd be remembered as a failure . 
  true , but neutroamine is considerably cheaper and easier to get from merchants than medicine . 
  it 's also possible that you get more medicine out of the same amount of neutroamine with highly skilled and bionically enhanced crafters , but i 'll need to test to see if that 's actually true . 
  anyway , thanks to having the ability to produce regular medicine in addition to buying it from merchants , it 's almost impossible to run out of it unless you 're really so greedy that you use up all your neutroamine for producing export drugs . 
  also . 
  the black magic of efficiency is called luciferum + yayo + wakeup . 
  a fully-auged , high-skill addict had ridiculous efficiency bonuses to their production ( i.e , you could get ~ 400 meat and leather from a single boomrat under the right circumstances ) . 
  elections can actually do something even for countries that do n't have scripted election events like the usa . 
  if you are a democracy and fascists/communists have 50 % popularity or higher during the election , then you peacefully switch to that ideology without a coup event or a civil war . 
  in the case of communists , this includes continued elections after the ideology switch as seen in op 's picture . 
  only coup and civil war events change election laws . 
  if communists legitimately win the election event , they do n't change the election laws . 
  fascists always stop the elections , unless their country has a unique ideology switch event that lets them keep elections while fascist . 
  which is basically the same as a lot of trump 's extreme views during the election . 
  still missing the point . 
  a non-aggression pact prevents them from exploiting potential moments of weakness . 
  it prevents them from swooping in and nicking some of your systems if , say , that nearby fallen empire happens to suddenly start wrecking your shit . 
  it prevents them from siccing a powerful ally on you if they actually manage to find one . 
  in general , a non-aggression pact with a `` threatened '' empire means they wo n't be able to kick you while you 're down , so they do n't want to commit to that . 
  i 've seen it before , but i 'm not sure how it works exactly . 
  possibly , there are many ways for this to happen . 
  it 's related to the great purge . 
  if stalin takes too long with the purge focus , there 's always going to be a civil war . 
  one option is that if the great purge focus is already ongoing , then the coup fails and konev or zhukov ( ca n't recall which ) will set up a neutral-alignment rebellion and trotsky stays in mexico . 
  or this happens if trotsky has already been assassinated but the civil war still triggers because the purge is n't complete . 
  lockpicking is highly recommended as one of the three picks regardless of build . 
  the perk point quickly pays for itself as it allows leveling up and gaining more perks just from lockpicking loot chests . 
  the only reason to not take lockpicking is if you take alteration and get the alteration spell for it . 
  so what few leftards that still have n't reassessed their worldview by then will shut up about the glass ceiling . 
  was n't it some kind of earthquake thing that caused most of the city to sink into the sea ? 
  if you have both , it 's better to play the stock returns campaign ( dead man 's switch ) and then move on to dragonfall without ever looking back at returns . 
  returns was the first game and it had a number of issues that were `` fixed '' in dragonfall . 
  nothing major like game-breaking bugs , just ... subtle annoyances with the ui and other stuff that made wrangling the ui a bit annoying . 
  i honestly ca n't even name what they were , i just remember dragonfall felt so much better and more convenient to play compared to returns . 
  i do n't like dwemer ruins either . 
  but that 's because i play with the requiem mod , which makes the automatons , especially the spheres , absolutely terrifying . 
  especially the spheres . 
  fast , high-damage and resistant to damn near all forms of damage except lightning . 
  which is kind of a shame , because aesthetically i kind of like dwemer ruins . 
  that kind of `` once ordered but now in ruins '' appearance makes them beautiful places to explore . 
  hoi4 is n't very good at tagswitches right now . 
  the cosmetic name changes that were introduced with the tfv expansion only work for puppets , not overlords ( i.e , you can make it so independent democratic scotland and english puppet democratic scotland have different names ) . 
  i do n't think what you 're asking is possible right now . 
  sure , if you get downvoted nothing much happens . 
  but if you post something the mods disagree with and it blows up : instant comment graveyard of a thread . 
  so basically , democrats ? 
  if you wanted `` closed borders '' in se , it basically meant you had to build fleets to guard all your warp points . 
  it 's completely silly how borders can be arbitrarily closed and opened , and you as an interstellar empire with ftl ability have no choice but to obey . 
  if your rivals unilaterally ban you from their borders , you ca n't just try and sneak past their border patrols or anything . 
  what stellaris needs is an ability for empires to be hostile without actually being fully at war . 
  maybe the distinction could be that you need to be at war to enter systems with spaceports or frontier outposts . 
  or alternatively , if you do n't have open borders , you 're allowed to path through the systems , but ca n't leave the the warp range band at the outer edge of the system . 
  and there could be a `` non-incursion treaty '' that both sides can either diplomatically agree to or force in actual war that compels the target empire to respect closed borders . 
  possibly add some influence gain/loss for winning/losing a treaty-enforcement war ? 
  more like `` actively fuck those of you who threaten us '', 
  ben garrisson has always been a based conservative making caricatures of government corruption and leftist ideology . 
  but he fully and unambiguously rejected the idea he might be an antisemite or nazi sympathizer . 
  so being the trolls they are , 4chan started editing stereotypical jews and shit into his caricatures without erasing his signatures on the picture , and passing them off as his genuine work . 
  1440p is considered the 2k standard . 
  2160p is the 4k standard . 
  i have no idea why . 
  if you ca n't see the 2160p option under quality , then you 're probably using the flash player to view the video . 
  4k is only available for the html5 player . 
  disable the flash plugin for your browser ( or set it to `` ask to activate '' ) and youtube should default to using the html5 player when you refresh the page . 
  do you have a single stack of 500 fighters ? 
  because the each squadron of fighters only make two attempts/day to carry out their mission . 
  personally , i recommend creating a 512-plane squadron in the airfield screen , assigning that one squadron the mission and loss tolerance you want and then using split squadron until you have a bunch of 64-plane squadrons . 
  powers of two ( 64 , 128 , 256 etc. ), 
  are good because they always split evenly . 
  as you reassign , split and merge , you never get odd numbers . 
  512 is the largest power of two you can use because 1024 is too large to be created as a single squadron . 
  the problem in stellaris is that there is never any reason to spread out , * ever * . 
  there are no downsides to keeping your fleet concentrated at all times . 
  the only way to exploit `` defeat in detail '' tactics in stellaris is to poach reinforcements en-route to join the doomstack , and even that is unimportant because attacking reinforcements does n't help you weaken the enemy doomstack . 
  either you 're strong enough to win the decisive confrontation , in which case you want to engage the most concentrated enemy stack as soon as possible , or you 're not strong enough and you just continuously evade the enemy stack with no chance of beating it . 
  the biggest difficulty with ies is that they have obscene damage , they are relatively spongy in terms of hp and resistance , and they are completely invisible at all times . 
  because of their invisibility , they have no attack `` tells '' for you to effectively predict and dodge their attacks , even if you cast detect life to even know they 're there before they kill you .
