  there 's also the matter of long-term planning : even if saudis get a near-monopoly that can set the prices of the world market to however high they want , their oil reserves are still limited and it 's going to be a huge disaster for everyone , saudis included , if the cheap middle-east oil wells suddenly go dry while the expensive extraction projects in canada and the us are shut down so hard they basically have to be rebuilt from scratch . 
  problem is , empires can blob out pretty hard with just the emperor holding all the king level titles . 
  really , the problem with decadence is it 's too punishing for a player , but not actually punishing enough to reverse the progress of a blobbing ai . 
  here 's what i 'd suggest for the events of a successful decadence revolt :, 
  * all empire-level titles are destroyed , releasing king-level vassals ( if any ), 
  * all remaining king-level titles are destroyed , except for the one containing the capital duchy , releasing dukes and counts outside de jure territory, 
  * decadent liege remains in power , but :, 
  * all powerful vassals remaining in the sultanate get a strong claim to the throne , encouraging further faction wars against the decadent ruler . 
  hmm ... well , it is pretty much stated that until alad did his infestation experiments , the infestation could n't infest inorganic stuff like robots ( or at least , animate into mobile units ) . 
  also , as lotus said in the voice over during the encounter with infested mesa , the infested warframe was just a shell : there was no tenno controlling it . 
  thus it 's logical to conclude warframes remain immune to infestation because of tenno void hax . 
  and since spez clearly showed that admins can , and do , moderate content by editing user posts saying fuck / u/spez , there 's actually a legal case to be made . 
  let 's hope this is the final deathblow for this shitfest of a site . 
  once reddit becomes legally obligated to moderate its ' own content in the face of legal complaints , it 's a death sentence . 
  the resources required to meaningfully moderate the content without just handing out mass bans and automated bulk censorship . 
  as digg killed itself , so too shall reddit , and a new platform will be found that does n't moderate its ' content . 
  british empire wins every round it 's involved in . 
  the resources it pulls in from its ' widespread colonies , and its ' naval supremacy compared to the other powers is just too much of an advantage to overcome , especially considering a big chunk of the us military industry is in the `` thirteen colonies area '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , rounds 6 and 7 would be a big , protracted bloody mess , especially with russia on the soviet side , but in the end there 's a reason why britain was the dominant global superpower in the 19th century , and all the way into ww2 . 
  the main reason it fell from that position was because their global colonial system was dismantled following ww2 , and resource-rich africa and asia were `` decolonized '' , which basically meant making former colonial territories `` independent '' so that usa and ussr could start a new , less obvious round of sphere of influence games on the continent . 
  round 4 is probably going to go to the dutch empire . 
  for all of brazil 's economic potential , their military is n't all that impressive . 
  indonesia on the other hand is an enormous military powerhouse compared to the others and could probably take on both sides of that lineup by itself . 
  with the other dutch colonies as staging grounds for indonesian forces , the portugese colonies just get isolated and overwhelmed one by one , until brazil stands alone and gets choked out through blockade before an eventual invasion . 
  hard to call round 2 , though . 
  since you 're counting the homelands as part of the territory for both , i 'd call french and colonies winning europe , north africa , and asia , while spain digs in and manages to defend the american territories to a stalemate . 
  not a lawyer either , but i have looked this topic up in the past . 
  dmca and copyright violations are one thing , but generally courts have held that when it comes to content moderation , sites have a `` no moderation '' defense when it comes to offensive content created by its ' users . 
  if a site does no moderation * at all * then it has a `` public forum '' defense against being sued for hosting offensive content , or even charged for hosting criminal content . 
  but if a site starts moderating content for being offensive or illegal , then the public forum defense disappears and they can be sued or charged if they choose to leave up offensive or illegal content ( that they happen to approve of ) . 
  user-generated content as an idea is n't going away , as long as the admins of the site do n't get involved in deciding that some content is offensive and needs to be removed . 
  if it 's just users moderating in their own communities all 's well and the site is n't responsible . 
  where the waters get muddy , is here : suppose admins find some kind of content on their site offensive , but they ca n't actually moderate it away , because then they become obligated to moderate it themselves . 
  the current user moderator of that community openly states the only thing they moderate away is bot spam ; all viewpoints are tolerated in his community . 
  so what the admins do is find some kind of an infraction that lets them ban the troublesome moderator that wo n't censor the way they want to , and then replace that user moderator with a user moderator that agrees with the admins ; and then the new moderator voluntarily starts censoring things besides spam in the community they now control . 
  the offensive content has been removed , without the admins actually removing it themselves in a way that obligates them to moderate their whole site at cost . 
  in this pepe case , it depends if the original creator is pressing a copyright charge or not . 
  if they are , then it means reddiit will have to start censoring all use of pepes , not just those that are pro-trump . 
  remains to be seen if they can actually pull that off . 
  but if it 's a matter of pepes being used in an offensive manner to the author , then reddit is screwed . 
  they have to start moderating offensiveness , and open themselves up to new suits of people finding other things on their site offensive , and not necessarily things that reddit itself wants to censor , such as the apologism of communist atrocities so often found in hard-left , pro-communist subreddits . 
  long term : either reddit collapses under the mounting costs of lawsuits and moderation requirements , or they manage to do it cheap enough with automation to remain profitable , and everyone bails out of reddit and finds a new place where the modbots are n't censoring literally everything except kitten pictures and other completely inoffensive stuff . 
  while the japs do n't have nukes , they do have the conventional firepower . 
  however , last i heard , their constitution severely restricts them from projecting force outside their own borders . 
  still , i 'm pretty sure with all the rockets nk has been shooting into and over japanese territorial waters , their government could probably declare a state of defensive war against nk and allow their military to retaliate , if they wanted to . 
  mostly populist , yes . 
  they get accused of being closet nazis a lot , but that 's mostly because a couple of their prominent members came out as straight-up holocaust-deniers back in the day . 
  those people were expelled from the party ... more than a decade ago , now that i checked it , but apparently it 's one of those things their opponents are never going to let anyone forget . 
  midway island * is * core territory for the us . 
  but there should probably be a limit that prevents it from selecting certain state terrain types , such as `` pacific island '' . 
  [ oh do n't worry , we 're getting there . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/d1m34ak70jmz.png ), 
  [ ( the actual article ) ] ( http://jme.bmj.com/content/39/5/261 ), 
  looks like i misundrestood what you meant by core . 
  core/non-core distinction is weird in hoi , to be honest . 
  there are actually definitions of what `` core '' can mean . 
  one is the `` the vps, 
  of these provinces count toward capitulation , and they 'll remain yours even if your homeland capitulates '' definition of core , which is apparently the one you meant . 
  the other is `` these provinces do n't have non-core penalties to manpower and industry '' definition of core , which is the one i typically assume people are talking about when they say core . 
  the first game does n't really have an overworld as such . 
  linear paths from dungeon to dungeon are pretty much the norm . 
  when visiting places for the first time , you 'll occasionally find `` dead ends '' that actually open up a path to the next dungeon as you unlock new equipment later in the game , making you revisit the area , but that 's really the extent of it . 
  3 : yeah , this really is n't how it works , and your own selected case is a prime example . 
  despite having been occupied by a variety of foreign cultures for over 700 years prior to the 20th century , estonian culture not only persisted the whole time , but even became an independent nation state in the 20th century . 
  they did not turn into russians any more than they turned germans from being ruled for centuries by foreign overlords . 
  it takes concentrated effort to convert the culture of a population , and the current system , if anything , is too guaranteed to be successful . 
  the russian empire in particular attempted several times to assimilate the baltic cultures , and * failed * , because the russification policies had to be abandoned due to higher-priority threats and instabilities in the empire . 
  personally , i 'd change province culture conversion as follows :, 
  * same costs as presently , but half-diplo and half-admin, 
  * cancelling the effort voluntarily refunds 80 % of the initial cost, 
  * falling below 0 stability force-cancels all ongoing culture conversion efforts at a 50 % point refund . 
  the real difference is , you can * see * that linux is a clusterfuck ; and make your own adjustments to it until it 's a clusterfuck that works for you . 
  whereas in windows and macos , the clusterfuck of different programmers and designers and project leads having different ideas results in a clusterfuck that gets hidden away to make it look presentable in the final stages of development before release , and all the options to make meaningful changes to the os are removed . 
  note that the clusterfuck is n't actually removed ; just hidden away from you behind until you encounter weird unexplained behavior , and even when something is frustrating there 's no way for you to change it . 
  you must be new to programming , if you think that 's not the default state . 
  as the title suggests . 
  i 'm grinding my way up the japanese tank line and have discovered that it 's an absolute pain . 
  so i got to wondering , maybe i 'm just doing something wrong . 
  while i 've heard that the sta-1 is okay , i 'm having trouble getting there . 
  i 've found good guides for the chi-ri , but looking for advice regarding the type 3 chi-nu ( tier 5 med ) and probably the chi-to next in line . 
  what are the advantages of those tanks and how should i play to exploit those advantages to get more than 300-400xp on a win . 
  i 'm trying to add strategic resources to a country to make them stronger . 
  essentially , cheating without using the console . 
  and it 's just a for-fun plan of crushing the nazis and the bolsheviks with a neutral minor which has limited manpower . 
  edit : to clarify , i 'm creating new ( cheaty ) strategic resources , and then adding them to provinces , to prevent other countries from being able to unintentionally get those bonuses as well . 
  i have added the following to the end of tfh/common/strategic _ resources.txt :, 
  cheat_iceff = {, 
  industrial_efficiency = 0.50, 
  cheat_icbon = {, 
  global_ic = 1.00, 
  cheat_science = {, 
  research_efficiency = 2.50, 
  and then i add ` strategic_resource = cheat_xyz ' to the provinces i want in tfh/history/provinces . 
  i have successfully done this before and it worked fine , but i 'm now messing something up reproducing this mod . 
  it was a while ago and for some reason , hoi keeps crashing on me whenever i start a new game , at the step ` adapting history ' . 
  after seeing [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2byrpj/serious_what_are_some_unethical_life_hacks_nsfw/cjaqxx1 ) , i got curious . 
  what would a family tree have to look like for someone to be 1/15th cherokee ( or anything else ) . 
  the equipment in the lab allows you to create copies of yourself and remotely control the copies as if they were your own body , even several at a time . 
  however , you would have to remain plugged into the man-machine interface for the rest of your life . 
  them coming to blows ( verbal or physical ) is optional ... but who am i kidding .
