  if you are at war , it 's probably weather attrition causing experience loss from casualties . 
  showing my age here : i got my gram back when stances did n't exist and charged power attacks were still a thing . 
  have not really found a melee weapon that 's as enjoyable as cutting down 10-15 infested chargers with a single swing of the gram was . 
  mostly because enemies are so much beefier these days and melee weapons do n't seem to work that way anymore , period . 
  it 's not a bug . 
  if your policies allow full native interference , you can colonize the planet . 
  then an event fires which spawns non-pop tile blockers , with one option creating more blockers and the other creating less . 
  the blockers are unremovable by normal means , but provide a powerful adjacency bonus to social tech . 
  honestly , i see no reason for an island exemption . 
  they 're strategically valuable as naval bases , particularly to aspiring world powers . 
  ww2 in the pacific was , ultimately , japan 's attempt to become a `` modern '' colonial power on par with the western majors . 
  as far as the ai is concerned , a unit with player orders does n't exist until the player orders are completed . 
  if you do n't delete the frontline , then the ai will start issuing strategic relocate orders for idle units to fill the `` gaps '' it thinks are showing up on the front line when you issue offensive orders manually . 
  that 's very much a batter of perspective . 
  while i 'm not blind to the biases of right-wing outlets , i find that the left-wing mainstream media are considerably more biased . 
  sometimes to straight up delusional levels of bias . 
  i suppose it 's difficult for everyone to recognize a bias that they agree with . 
  a semi-generic `` baltic '' focus tree for the three baltic states , which would make it easier for them to form a faction with each other/finalnd/sweden even if poland does n't go for poland first . 
  considering that the engine fully supports this modularity in focus trees , i suspect this will be done officially in a dlc at some point . 
  what happened was , it became clear that absolutely no other country in the world was willing to take the jews in . 
  that 's why it was the `` final '' solution . 
  because all other solutions to get jews out of germany had failed . 
  you know , i 'm quite surprised . 
  pdx said there were no formable nations . 
  and yet : israel . 
  by your logic , people should not have been patient with terraria 1.0 and moved on to other games instead . 
  and yet they were . 
  in truth , i do n't think starbound is really in competition with terraria . 
  people who like this genre of games are likely to buy both . 
  with what 's essentially skill-based matchmaking . 
  no , but communism does represent collectivist ideals . 
  as does fascism , for that matter . 
  considering the jews were the driving force in both leadership and the numbers of an attempted communist revolution against the weimar republic , though ... 
  the ss started out as as a militia that clashed with communists on the streets . 
  it 's not like the two sides arranged fights battles and then showed up at some appointed hour . 
  it was nazi gangs defending the homes , businesses and neighborhoods of their fellow nazis from communist gangs , and vice versa for communists . 
  and historical evidence suggests in germany , communists were the first movement to initiate violent action against their political opponents . 
  the current detection mechanics already allow for bomber squadrons to make it through a mission relatively unscathed even if the enemy has air superiority . 
  an `` airbase strike '' bomber mission would therefore create the possibility of a nation with inferior production creating an airplane gap which their enemy has difficulty overcoming despite their superior fighter production . 
  let 's be honest , this is probably an arty player who uses auto-aim . 
  it still adds depth to the air game strategy . 
  do you produce fighters to gain/maintain air superiority , or bombers for actual attacks ? 
  do you hit airbases to remove enemy planes , or do you instead go after their industry to prevent them from producing more ? 
  do you try and do airbase/strategic bombing simultaneously , or regularly switch focus from one to the other ? 
  right now , the clear answer is : focus everything on fighters and air superiority . 
  the ability to hit airbases and destroy large amounts of fighter planes without actually needing fighter superiority is definitely a gamechanger . 
  except the modifiers from the ace system are utterly insignificant . 
  either you have superior production and you win the air war , or you do n't and you lose . 
  it could be cultivated in some parts of the ussr , but khrushchev ordered it planted damn near everywhere . 
  not to mention russia did n't really have the agricultural technology for effectively harvesting it with machines and had to resort to manual labor instead . 
  there was also the issue that the ussr was massive and they did n't have the infrastructure to transport the harvests to major cities across the union as needed to meet all the demand for food . 
  as a result , some regions had a surplus of corn that was spoiling faster than they could get rid of it , while others faced a minor food shortage because their local corn harvest was a bust . 
  thankfully , mass starvation was averted because the farmers in unsuitable climates were not stupid enough to even try and meet the corn quotas . 
  it was inevitable . 
  i 'd say the jsdf just is n't expecting to get involved in a serious mess of melee combat , which is why they 've neglected specialist training and equipment for it . 
  they 're not really making any battle plans where they 'll be occupying hostile cities . 
  [ spoilers ] ( / s `` sure , there 's the raid against the capital , but they knew they had complete surprise and all the initiative . '' ), 
  they had the time to make plans that avoid scenarios which could devolve into a brutal close-quarters melee . 
  and if something happened politically to change this stance and the jsdf did have to start an occupation of imperial cities , then they would have the option of recruiting locals to serve as auxiliary troops and handle the melee for them . 
  japanese citizenship in exchange for a period of military service would certainly appeal to a number of locals who wanted to get a bigger share of the prosperity japan is bringing into the sr. 
  because it provides bonuses on part with better hardware , which also apply to existing units instantly instead of needing production upgrades ? 
  you 're forgetting that stalin was also planning an invasion of europe in the name of spreading the world revolution . 
  if hitler had backed down and remained patient , it probably would have meant an alliance against communism with britain and france in '42 or ' 43 . 
  even a coup in germany would n't have stopped the outbreak of ww2 . 
  it 's supposed to boost the ruling party , whatever that may be at the time you take the idea . 
  typical leftism : passing discriminatory laws that are intended to benefit themeselves , and then they are `` disappointed '' when those laws are used against them . 
  what happened to never passing laws you do n't want to be used against you ? 
  you need one of the dlcs installed for the actual horse to be appointed . 
  horse lords or conclave , i forget which . 
  vanilla behavior is , indeed , just your chancellor getting fired . 
  are n't they more likely to pop up for fanatic , though ? 
  meaning you have a better chance of getting them early ? 
  that said , yeah . 
  probably still not worth it . 
  the us is n't formally at war , and lynch 's actions did not result in anyone 's death . 
  so unfortunately , no treason charges are possible under current laws . 
  that last one sounds pretty cool as a concept . 
  possibly with associated events that cause sectors and planets of the affected empires to break free and try fixing the solution on their own ? 
  and maybe an option for unaffected empires to provide * their * ftl tech to some of the afflicted empires in exchange for vassalization . 
  the malus from enemy air superiority is more of a combination of enemy air recon and your own mid-level officers making more cautious plans because of the * possibility * of enemy bombers, 
  check the list of war participants and hover over the countries that are still in the war . 
  the top 8 countries with the most factories are always majors . 
  countries which capitulate stop counting as majors . 
  if some of the big countries capitulate , it 's possible to get into a chain where minors in the war keep getting promoted to major status , thereby keeping the defeated shell of a faction alive . 
  `` take claimed state '' does n't increase tension as much in the peace deal and when fabricating a goal . 
  and i think fabricating the war goal for `` take claimed state '' also takes less time if world tension is still low . 
  there 's very little you can do . 
  basically the only thing you can affect is playing with a smaller map and fewer ai empires . 
  other than that , you just have to wait for paradox to optimize their game and net code . 
  let 's be honest , arty spamming stuff like what they 're aiming at and how long they 're reloading is n't that hard because they do n't have anything else to do . 
  i think someone here or on the paradox forums made the suggestion to make vichy france the neutral version of france , and reserve the fascist version for the state created by internal coups or referendums . 
  because an even bigger immersion breaker than the name , is that petain would not even be considered as a candidate to lead an actual fascist france . 
  he was an 86-year-old figurehead when the puppet regime was created . 
  most of r/european got sick of dealing with all the censorship and moved over to voat . 
  basically , the realization was that if we just moved to a place like / r/europeannationalism , the admins would just quarantine it again when it got too big . 
  obligatory i am not a lawyer . 
  also , it 's been some time since i looked into this stuff , so things i say may be outdated or even completely inaccurate . 
  as a company you pay a sales tax on all transactions , which you can request to have returned on your annual tax returns , if your annual turnover is below the limit for sales tax obligation . 
  when paying yourself a salary , the company pays 33 % social tax and 0.8 % to a mandatory retirement fund . 
  then from that , as the employee , you pay 20 % income tax and 1.6 % to the retirement fund .
