  the estonian military fighting alone against `` local rebels '' and `` russians on vacation '' ... 
  while the major players of nato continue to pretend that russian propaganda deserves to be considered as a possibly valid interpretation of the situation , because it 's politically and economically inconvenient for them to take anything other than symbolic action . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  if the russians abducted him on estonian soil and forced him to cross the border , then of course they can make a fake arrest video to show him being arrested in russia . 
  while the m1a1 abrams is a great vehicle , i 'd say the leopard 2 series is better-suited for the terrain in the baltics . 
  perhaps the us could agree to fund the estonian military similar to how it helped norway during the cold war ? 
  as an estonian , i find the idea of being part of usa 's mercenary nation infinitely more appealing than being a second-class citizen in russia . 
  i 'm afraid to say that your gm has a point . 
  lore-wise , devastator marines are dedicated heavy-weapons specialists : either heavy bolter or anti-tank weapons . 
  that belt-fed ammo-backpack is iconic for devastators . 
  a sniper rifle would be the primary weapon of a scout marine . 
  i think there were rules for those in one of the supplementary books ( possibly rites of war , but i would n't bet on it ) . 
  alternatively , a sniper rifle could be a secondary weapon for a tactical marine . 
  you should definitely work it out with your dm ; lore-wise it could easily be a deviation from the codex astartes ... which may or may not be common thing for the raptors ( do n't know the chapter details from memory , though ) . 
  hmm ... you 're right . 
  never thought of it that way . 
  i understand , but i was just describing how and why estonians are worried despite our nato membership . 
  we are afraid that the major players are going to hide their head in the sand and pretend it 's an internal estonian matter in order to avoid war with russia . 
  and unfortunately , i do n't see that fear going away completely until wwiii actually kicks off between nato and russia . 
  i wonder ... do the mods have a '' / r/pcmasterrace is in mourning '' alternate design prepared for the subreddit?if not , they probably should . 
  never know when we might need one . 
  question is , does this reduction add up ? 
  does a mec sgt gain 25 % xp compared to an ordinary sgt ? 
  the way i imagine steady weapon , is that the soldier is actually poking out of cover and obviously taking aim at a specific target . 
  that , or bracing the gun on whatever cover they 're using . 
  or quicksaving before you pickpocket and reloading until you succeed . 
  being bad at combat and dying often because of it is not savescumming . 
  especially early on when the game is very unforgiving about tactical mistakes and distance misjudgments ( because of low hp and stamina ) . 
  wow . 
  thanks for linking that . 
  those graphs in the bottom make me feel a lot less insecure about my < 900 wn8 , given how a sharp improvement is clearly there . 
  i just have n't normalized the skill level improvement i got from qb 's and jingles ' videos . 
  it 's very common if you use the second wave option that makes all flanks auto-crit . 
  i forget its ' name , though . 
  a bit late to the party , looks like . 
  but it 's not archived yet , so ... 
  of course . 
  you have to line it with lead to make sure completely sure . 
  not to mention how open to abuse a system like that would be . 
  option a : whichever party is elected into office stays there forever , because any ( competent ) opposition members suddenly become felons . 
  option b : it does n't matter who 's elected into office , because they 're all mouthpieces for the influential people leading the justice system out of fear of being jailed . 
  thanks for the effort , but as i note in my edit , i figured it out on my own . 
  what was called requiem ccor patch in patch central was actually a package of multiple esp-s . 
  regular ( dg-only ) , dg+hf , all dlc and all dlc + sic . 
  the instructions i read were a bit minimalistic and i forgot to deactivate the esp-s i did n't need . 
  except aaa games have the exact same problems and delays in development . 
  they just keep the customer base , including those that have pre-ordered , in the dark about everything until they 're about to release . 
  and yet noone is whining about it until after the game is released . 
  got referred here by / r/pcmasterrace . 
  installing right now . 
  also , from a roleplay perspective , a vampire seeking to turn themselves sunlight-proof would probably study restoration . 
  to understand the effects of sunfire and sunburst if nothing else . 
  i recommend testing some other alternate start to see if those work . 
  there is a ton of fragile scripts running during the helgen sequence and it 's not uncommon for script-heavy mods ( like requiem and frostfall ) to break it when you are using more than one at a time . 
  the breakage is heavily dependent on your specific computer specs and background programs running . 
  it 's illegal because although you own the disc , you do n't own the data on the disc . 
  the game publisher owns the data , and you have only bought a very restrictive license for using that data . 
  also happens with certain medium settings . 
  i think it can happen at all levels of shadow detail except ultra . 
  a shout to put unruly aarre , slaves , back in their place without slaying them ? 
  certainly sounds like something the dovah would consider . 
  it 's a good idea in principle , though i disagree with wg 's implementation of it . 
  track absorption and turret bounces should definitely count , but the amount you can gain from tanking should be capped in some way . 
  although , given all the bullshit balancing decisions going on with maps ( removal of soft cover , corridors , etc ) , i 'm really not surprised they 're screwing up the balancing of bouncing xp too . 
  i 'm reasonably certain that passage in the bible is a mistranslation made ... possibly around the time of the reformation ? 
  or possibly an alternate translation ? 
  i do remember that the older translation was roughly `` those who must die by the sword , shall die by the sword '' , and the verses around it were about explaining predestination and god 's plan . 
  the border crossing is known to be a crash-prone start , due to the numerous vanilla scripts running during it . 
  due to the additional scripts added by script heavy mods ( like requiem ) , the vanilla scripts may begin to lag , leading to the scripts crashing and/or breaking the game in other ( sometimes less obvious ) ways . 
  i suppose i may have misunderstood something . 
  i 'm no scholar myself , i was just present as my father was preparing a sermon and he compared two german translations to each other , as well as referencing the greek translation . 
  and this was a year or two ago . 
  even so , i distinctly remember how he came to the conclusion i described . 
  then again , there 's no guarantee that he was not mistaken . 
  / r/skyrimrequiem : a mod that makes skyrim more of an oldschool rpg . 
  it really surprised me that a game mod could have such an active subreddit . 
  it 's not a monopoly comcast and the other american isps are doing . 
  it 's a cartel agreement not to compete over areas . 
  still just as bad as monopoly and illegal in most of the world ( if proven in court ) . 
  not sure about the us though . 
  might not be illegal there . 
  does n't sound like a good idea to me , even on paper . 
  as mentioned by / u/ajdeemo , it would mean that mages are hurt a lot more by running out of stamina than archers and warriors . 
  also , it would run into immersion issues due to bestial stew and raw meats . 
  it would make orcs , khajiit , argonians and bosmer ( which are traditional warrior/thief/archer races ) significantly better mages than the traditional mage races like the altmer and bretons because they have more and better stamina regen options . 
  though i admit that magic needs some rebalancing . 
  one idea that comes to my mind is making it harder to eliminate the magicka regen penalty while running . 
  perhaps splitting the enchantment into two levels , one that removes the penalty entirely ( artifacts and unique items only ) and another that only partially removes the running regen penalty ( non-unique enchanted items like mage hoods and amulets of julianos ) . 
  i agree with all of skeptic 's points , except point 4 ( which i disagree with ) and alteration . 
  i have not used the school enough with any of my characters to have an opinion on its ' op-ness . 
  i recently had the idea of making the running magicka regen harder to remove . 
  have two tiers of enchantments for it : the `` common '' version , which reduces the running penalty by 20 % ( stacking between multiple items ) and the `` unique '' version , which removes the entire penalty , but is limited to unique items like the gauldur amulet . 
  the ai mages cheat , basically . 
  they have natural buffs to magicka pool and regen . 
  they may or may not ~ ~ point ~ ~ continue to regen magicka while casting wards and other concentration spells ( `` my rules are different from your rules '' , in essence ) . 
  not sure about the last one , have n't checked . 
  but wards are more or less useless against anything except draugr disarm shout . 
  edit : a word, 
  yeah . 
  the only effective way to fight ai mages that i 've come up with is to rush them and stagger-lock them with steam or wooden crossbow before they get any of their defensive buffs active .
