  thanks !, 
  mainly , the problem they 're trying to fix is that it 's too easy to pen top tier heavy tanks from the front by aiming at their weak points . 
  gold ammo is their pay-to-win moneymaker . 
  they wo n't nerf that directly . 
  so they 're making it easier for a well-angled tank to get ricochets and bounces by nerfing accuracy in general . 
  also , they 're fixing the `` issue '' of the hand of stalin guiding long-range kv-2 shells fired on the move perfectly to target far more frequently than it statistically should . 
  just shows that npcs play by different rules when it comes to cyberware . 
  i think int , charisma and other interations tests scale with the pcs overall karma in dragonfall . 
  i noticed when i went into a run with biotech tests . 
  biotech 4 was sufficient to pass them the first time , but i messed up , loaded an earlier save , and ended up doing a side-mission before going back for another try . 
  and the second time around , the same biotech test was at 5 , and i could n't pass it anymore . 
  the optimal base build depends a lot on steam locations . 
  if you 're following a guide , then i recommend replacing a workshop with the cybernetic lab and a regular lab with a genetics lab . 
  if you use lots of infantry , then pulse is worth it . 
  heavy pulse rifle + improved optics + foundry upgrades does almost as much damage as plasma , but is more likely to hit . 
  considering you get two shots/turn ( or 3 , with certain ow builds ) , the extra accuracy from being a beam weapon is worth more than the extra damage you 'd get from plasma . 
  do n't forget , though , experience per mission is `` capped '' in a way . 
  it 's not possible to get promoted twice for one mission . 
  there is some carry-over toward the next level if a soldier gets promoted from kill xp in a mission , but it 's definitely possible to lose xp from kills due to a trooper having already reaced their current xp cap . 
  this is more likely to happen early-on in the ranks , though , when people are still in the first half of the ranks . 
  i suspect your sniper lost out on some xp early on , because 50 kills and 12 missions sound like a gunny that 's getting close to a promotion . 
  yeah ... 
  i forgot about that . 
  ah , and i see why , now . 
  i only have ow-focus infantry left in my roster . 
  none of the damage-focused ones survived long enough to get rapid fire . 
  all but two of my ow infantry are officers . 
  since the rng gods have `` blessed '' me with a lot of low-will non-infantry soldiers , i take precautions to keep the officers alive in missions so they 'll keep sharing their will with others nearby ( because otherwise i 'll get a squad wipe from panic spirals ) . 
  there would be a lot more dead radio operators , because they 're not worth wasting first aid kits on . 
  is he ? 
  i thought crusades could only start happening after constantinople is conquered by a non-christian . 
  1 % is just a 1 in 100 chance , and that 's as low as a hit chance can be . 
  there 's always a 1 % chance for a disaster ( or a miracle ) . 
  i once hit a long-distance 1 % shotgun blast in vanilla , so it does work both ways , as rare as it is . 
  the reason drill instructors tend to be like that , is because it 's what a lot of people expect them to be like . 
  and if they 're not like that , then the stupid macho component of the unit thinks they 're gender and stops taking them seriously . 
  holy sites makes sense . 
  i just know the earliest i 've seen the crusades start is in one of arumba 's games , where the crusades started before 1000 because he conquered constantinople as the tengri . 
  is it ? 
  as i 've understood it , it 's only possible to get up to 1xp short of the next level if you get promoted mid-mission . 
  for instance , sgt -  tsgt promotion is at 1900 and tsgt -  gsgt is at 2800 . 
  if a sgt reaches 1900xp in a mission and gets a promotion , then they can only earn xp up to 2799 in the same mission , including from the mission completion xp . 
  unrealistic at that rank , but not so unrealistic at lower ranks . 
  not only is it not needed , way of life actually prevents those event chains from happening . 
  because wol removes the `` improve [ ability ] '' ambitions and replaces them with focuses . 
  my sympathies on the rough situation . 
  as for advice : first and foremost , talk to your father . 
  tell him how you feel about him going to work abroad , but if you can , avoid trying to talk him out of going . 
  it 's very likely he does n't want to leave either , but has to do it so you and your family can afford to pay for all the ordinary living costs . 
  food , water , electricity , internet connection , fuel for a car ; i know i had not realized just how expensive these things were until i started living on my own . 
  other than that , maybe you can make a deal with your father to call each other regularly ( once a week , once a month , whatever sounds reasonable to you ) , or chatting over the internet . 
  more or less the same view a short distance to the north , in estonia . 
  of course , that desperate optimism was short-lived , as we realized the nazis were not going to do either of those . 
  top news in estonia as well . 
  yeah . 
  those cultists are tough as hell . 
  solstheim is basically endgame content in requiem , and the cultists are leveled accordingly . 
  it does n't help that the cultist encounter is triggered by getting the ustengrav quest from the greybeards . 
  i usually see the cultists approaching me in ivarstead as soon as i climb down the steps . 
  i typically make a break for it and do n't let them trigger their pre-aggro conversation . 
  hmm ... that brings to mind that fight from fate/zero . 
  what was kayneth 's spell ... ah . 
  volumen hydrargyrum 's autonomous defense, 
  yeah , it matters a lot . 
  especially with the more powerful staffs . 
  op , could you share the direct ip , please ? 
  it looks like the domain name is redirecting to some hosting site for a lot of countries . 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  mk7 aquila armor is 10 chest/8 other . 
  12/all for artificier armor . 
  14/all if you 're talking terminator armor . 
  mk5 heresy armor ( which is more common among traitor legions ) is 9 chest/8 other . 
  even space marines do n't have 16 base armor . 
  though it 's entirely plausible to have a total of 16 damage reduction from armor + toughness , since space marines get unnatural toughness ( x2 ) by default . 
  i think an all-medic run would hard for a while , but medics make surprsingly good psi-s . 
  especially if you have enough psi-medics that you can spam psi inspiration , mind merge and combat drugs on mindfrayers and damage-dealers . 
  also : mimic beacons , man . 
  a beacon thrown by a high-will soldier is godlike . 
  anything with low will is going to break cover and ignore your troopers to sit on that beacon . 
  floaters are even kind enough to land out of cover to get close to the beacon . 
  a medic with smoke and mirrors can get 3 beacons per mission from a single inventory slot . 
  the only reason they 're not game-breakingly op is that they do n't work on disks , mechtoids and other robotic aliens . 
  all of them , though ? 
  are you sure ? 
  because i 've never seen spellbooks for the healing spells that affect undead ( necromantic empowerment , i think ? ), 
  anywhere . 
  so there might be spells that can only be taken through perk-learning . 
  it might be possible to kill a dragon before level 5 . 
  one handed , destruction and conjuration for start . 
  savescum your way through bfb with the help of the silver sword you can find in the first room . 
  use traps to kill as many draugr as possible to avoid leveling . 
  after bfb , let irileth do all the hard work of killing the western watchtower dragon and savescum to get in the killing blow . 
  in itself , the presentation was unlikely to be illegal . 
  a school needs to meet the objectives set for them by the state study plan established by the ministry of education . 
  and of course , there 's a set maximum workload for students schools are n't allowed to go past . 
  a school , even a public one , has the right to add one-time presentations , and even entire courses , beyond the state study plan , even mandatory ones . 
  as long as they do n't do this at the expense of fulfilling the state plan , or by going over the maximum workload , it 's not illegal . 
  however , it may or may not be a case of corruption against the school or someone in the school administration , depending on how money exchanged hands behind the scenes of that presentation . 
  novakids are ready . 
  some of the fossil-related equipment ( workbench and fossil-drill ) was obtainable in game , but as i understand it the fossils themselves narrowly missed the deadline and the winter update was feature-locked before fossils could be finished .
