  because the k9 is designed to be simple enough for any conscript to learn and operate . 
  even if mexico actually broke from its ' neutrality and allied with russia , i still do n't see the us shaking in its ' boots over four russian tanks and less than 10000 soldiers on the border . 
  if the assassination event succeeds to begin with , then either g\u00f6ring or himmler can take over . 
  not sure what the decision between those two is based on , or if it 's random . 
  sopa was included in tpp , yes , but that 's not all it had . 
  the part where governments could be sued to a court of unelected corporate stooges was tpp . 
  and now most of the tpp text is in tisa . 
  tpp is dead , long live tpp , basically . 
  these corrupt assholes are just going to try passing this shit under different names until they eventually succeed because everyone is paying attention to something else . 
  gets worse : right now , if there 's a terrorists act done by someone from the countries trump wanted to block , he can pin it on the 9th circus and all other vocal opponents of his eo , and push through far more radical immigration control on that outrage . 
  so basically , 50 % of the american population is as qualified as clinton to be president . 
  absolutely . 
  `` experience '' in politics is just code for `` i owe favors to a bunch of donors and other politicians '', 
   both for the production on a mass scale of this communist consciousness , and ... the alteration of men on a mass scale is , necessary , ... a revolution ; this revolution is necessary , therefore , not only because the ruling class can not be overthrown in any other way , but also because the class overthrowing it can only in a revolution succeed in ridding itself of all the muck of ages and become fitted to found society anew . 
   marx , german ideology ( 1845 ), 
  with some creative interpretation and utilizing modern meanings of words , it 's possible to * claim * that when marx spoke of `` revolution '' and the removal of the ruling and bourgeois classes , he meant some kind of peaceful transition where these classes would become redundant . 
  but it is very unlikely : political revolutions in marx ' time were decidedly violent affairs , in common parlance referring to events of the same severity as the french revolution . 
  only by retroactively applying modern definition shifts to marx ' texts can someone say that what marx `` really meant '' was a peaceful change . 
  any claim that stalinism and leninism were not in accordance with marxist ideology because they were violent is just modern apologism and revisionist attempts to distance modern marxism from the atrocities committed in its ' name . 
  leninism and stalinism diverged from marxism because they tried to implement marxist ideals in the agricultural-stage society of the russian empire ( as opposed to the industrial-stage societies of western and central europe ) , not because they were violent regimes murdering the enemies of the revolution . 
  give it time . 
  from the tfv dlc , it looks to me like pdx is moving more and more toward the possibilities of ahistorical routes with the focus trees of hoi4 . 
  they 'll probably give the tech trees of the majors another pass as well , to give them more ahistorical political options . 
  honestly , a lot of that is down to the incompetence of the ai . 
  particularly the predictable and consistent parts of ai incompetence . 
  it 's way too easy to trick the ai into stacking all its ' units in high-attrition terrain and watch them burn through their equipment stockpile . 
  or to have the ai attacking relentlessly at an impervious chokepoint . 
  or to have the ai spread its ' armies across a wide front and then naval-land or paradrop behind them and cut it all off . 
  paradox ai is always stupid until a dozen patches in . 
  and then it gets stupid again every time there 's a major change to any combat mechanic . 
  more complicated than that . 
  if the canadian company wants to sue the american customer , then they may find that their recording is inadmissible in american court . 
  which is n't strictly a bad thing . 
  as noted by / u/ummmbacon the institutional secrecy during obama 's two terms went very far over the top and most ex-military are highly critical of these practices . 
  there 's reasonable caution , and then there 's institutional paranoia that gets internal `` merry christmas '' emails classified as top secret by default . 
  japan is an ally , and a trusted ally at that . 
  as long as trump does n't leak anything so damning and relevant to japan that it would would sour the alliance , i do n't see any problem with him relaxing the secrecy practice around the leader of japan , or any other trustworthy ally for that matter . 
  which , as far as classified information on the middle east or north korea goes , is unlikely . 
  heck , even if there is some shady deal with north korea that could ruin the alliance , trump can be honest about it , condemn the decisions of previous administrations and turn over a new leaf far better than any establishment president who was probably involved in the decision ever could . 
  hyperspace only . 
  even allowing the other options reduces strategic defense stations to the effectiveness of the maginot line . 
  not sure . 
  i think there 's some other chamber that connects to the emperor and the golden throne and where the soul-binding is done , much like the psykers that die feeding the astronomican probably never get to see the emperor directly except possibly in psychic visions . 
  anyway , occasionally adeptus mechanicus is let in to do maintenance on the golden throne . 
  and of course special circumstances like ( probably ) when they let the leader of ( what would become ) the adepta sororitas in to see the emperor during the climax of the age of apostasy . 
  being a corrupt political leader has always been very profitable . 
  which is why schulz , brazile and the rest of the party leadership will never let tulsi win the primary . 
  they 'll just rig the primary to ensure the party leadership 's pick is confirmed as the candidate . 
  the democrat primaries have never been anything more than smoke and mirrors to sell the registered dems the illusion that they have a say in who gets picked as the party 's presidential candidate . 
  the only thing they 're defending is their independence from civilian control . 
  they do n't want to be subordinated to the white house , or face accountability of any kind for their activities . 
  flynn 's greatest crime in the eyes of the intelligence community were his calls to transparency and accountability reforms for the intelligence agencies . 
  obama was caught directly telling mededev that `` he can be more flexible after the elections '' , and it was n't a big deal in the slightest . 
  because active armies in that era fed themselves essentially by looting the countryside of food produced by local serfs , whether in friendly or hostile territory . 
  there were no supply trains back to home territory , like there are today , at least not supply trains of food . 
  the thirty years war was also a major clusterfuck of religious upheaval . 
  it was a war between protestants and catholics over the control of the holy roman empire , and thus involved disorganized religious violence on top of the famines . 
  deaths from war and famine also led to a lot of disease , as the dead could pile up faster than the survivors could bury , burn or otherwise sanitize them to prevent disease . 
  even if terrorists used the information , snowden 's case does n't meet the `` adherence to enemy '' part of the definition . 
  he did n't make the leaks because an enemy of the us ordered him to . 
  if `` aid and comfort '' were treason without the `` adherence '' component , then criticizing us military policy regarding or advocating for ending a war could be considered treason , because it would comfort the enemy to know that people inside the us are willing to demand peace on their behalf . 
  you do , actually . 
  scotus has precedent for treason requiring treasonable intent . 
  see / u/huadpe 's [ longer post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/comments/5u28v0/what_is_the_severity_of_michael_flynns_actions/ddqs7uw/ ) and its ' links on the legal aspects of what flynn did , and consider the implications in regard to snowden 's case . 
  snowden may have convicted crimes leaking the docs , but treason probably was n't one of those crimes . 
  if adherence to the enemy is not required , then things like anti-war protests would be treason . 
  flynn definitely did things wrong , esp . 
  the part where he lied about his conversation with the russians to his superiors . 
  but do n't be naive and think the intelligence community is leaking this incriminating stuff out of patriotism . 
  they 're resisting and sabotaging attempts at reform , because they do n't want to lose the total lack of transparency and accountability they currently enjoy . 
  flynn was planning to investigate and see if the intelligence agencies have done anything that they need to be held accountable for , or if they have broad authorizations for surveillance that they no longer require . 
  and now incriminating shit has been suddenly leaked by anonymous intelligence officials . 
  it 's good that a shady character has been removed from trump 's administration , but if you think the timing of leak was just a coincidence , or that the intelligence agencies are just patriots with no selfish motives in this , then i 've got a few bridges to sell you . 
  here are a few links :, 
  transport convoys do n't require naval superiority , though . 
  early 1937 paradrop on britain with panzer reinforcements transported by convoy should still work . 
  just need to suicide some heavy fighters to maintain enough airsup for the paradrop . 
  they say that if you have a 2h equipped , but have less than 50 points in the 2h skill . 
  after 50 , they start complimenting the choice . 
  america is led by such a horrible fascist tyrant that literally noone is afraid to speak out against him on any platform . 
  it 's probably because their mind control chips have iff features . 
  they know you 're not on the network and the armor is n't fooling them . 
  ( and yes , the lack of pants is probably the reason civilians realize something is fishy ), 
   i do n't know how much of a `` right '' russia has to crimea ,, 
  the answer is none at all . 
  if the russians that live there want to live in russia , then they should move back to russia instead of demanding borders be altered to suit them . 
  it 's like illegal immigrants in south texas settling in specific areas and demanding that areas where they are the majority population be ceded to mexico . 
  even worse , the annexation of crimea is a clear violation of russia 's earlier agreements with ukraine . 
  namely the one where ukraine agreed to give up the soviet nukes on their territory and in exchange russia gave up territorial claims on ukraine and recognized their borders at the time as legitimate . 
  edit : and this is n't even getting into all the shenanigans surrounding that referendum they held under the `` protection '' of russian troops . 
  this deserves a quad brick !, 
  the logan act is bogus and a red herring in the discussion . 
  it 's been on the books since 1799 and nobody has ever been convicted or even prosecuted based on it . 
  even if flynn was charged on it , he 'd have a strong case for selective prosecution . 
  the act was created with the sole purpose of intimidating and suppressing people who disagreed with the foreign policy of the adams administration . 
  and here 's a newsflash for you : tapping flynn 's phone to get the recording was a felonious abuse of power by the intelligence agencies . 
  leaking the recording , which was captured by sigint methods , to the public was a felony as well . 
  the corrupt shits in the deep state have shown their hand and given trump legal grounds to jail them once the investigation catches them . 
  sacrificing flynn to nail the bad apples in the intelligence community is worth it , imo . 
  i do n't have inigo because he 's too awesome and i ca n't bear the thought of accidentally killing him with shouts or wild weapon swinging .
