  one of the buttons in the lower right , i think ? 
  ah , it 's behind that small plus-sign in the lower-right corner , left of the buttons . 
  `` additional information -  military overview '', 
  from what i 've seen , it depends entirely on the individual . 
  there is no stereotypical personality pattern , nor is there a clear social consensus on the ideal woman like there is in japan for instance . 
  estonian women can certainly be independent and strong-willed , but aside from radical feminists , there is n't any stigma against women that are n't . 
  besides the extra armor , i 'm quite certain dragon hp is also buffed compared to vanilla . 
  i did some stat-checking with the console and i estimated the buff ranged from 1.5 x to 2.5 x vanilla hp , depending on dragon type . 
  not sure if melee damage was directly buffed , but it definitely has armor penetration high enough to make anything less than ebony meaningless . 
  i also noticed that dragon breath attacks did a lot more damage . 
  pretty sure there is a direct damage buff of some kind , but it 's also because magical attacks and elemental damage types in general are harder to defend against in requiem . 
  first , it would make sense for cybernetics to have a vulnerability ( +15 % / +25 % ) to magnetic . 
  i do understand the balance issue , though . 
  on one hand , magnetic is powerful as-is . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not that sure about changing the damage balance just for the sake of changing it . 
  blast is not as useless as you 'd think . 
  blast + corrosive in a single weapon makes for a very powerful infested ancient slayer . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the only combination of advanced damage types that `` aligns '' for a single target type . 
  went and checked and this is indeed the case . 
  it sounds like this story : [ \\ [ oc \\ ] dare we fire \\ ( part 5 \\ ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hfy/comments/265a8r/oc_dare_we_fire_part_5/ ) . 
  searched `` first contact adrenaline stealth '' . 
  absolutely amazing idea . 
  though i 'm seriously afraid de are going to lock it behind an impossibly long grind wall so nobody ever sees this inevitably glitch-infested and balance-shattering frame in-game . 
  at least outside footage made by de under laboratory conditions . 
  when you say that instructors ' editions are `` free '' what does that mean , exactly ? 
  who covers the costs of publishing it ? 
  if a student pays for a teacher 's edition , they paid for a book that no contract-bound bookstore would sell them . 
  also , pointed out by / u/al _ kwarizmi , colleges do their best to force their students to buy from their bookstores with things like custom editions , college-specific textbooks and one-time keys for their online homework sites ( joining which i imagine is mandatory ) . 
  iirc , nordic carved armor was tied to the perk that requires the scale armor smithing book . 
  because reasons . 
  you need the arcane craftsmanship smithing perk to make enchanted arrows ... but i just realized your question was about bolts . 
  i do n't think enchanted bolts can be crafted . 
  i 'm not too optimistic . 
  r\u00f5ivas ( the pm ) is just a loyal and obedient stand-in for the few months before the elections in march 2015 . 
  in the meantime , the veterans of reform ( r\u00f5ivas ' party ) are busy deciding who permanently fills the vacuum left by ansip ( the previous pm , also reform ) retiring from local politics and settling in to an irrelevant but well-paid position in brussels . 
  the lng vessel is not so much about the price being cheaper as it is about having a source of gas that does n't depend on russia 's current opinion of the baltics . 
  it means russia wo n't be able to use gas price as a way of pressuring the baltic governments to the same extent it could previously . 
  there 's a larger gallery of the same exercise :, 
  mostly pictures of estonian troops and equipment , but there are pictures of us troops as well . 
  images 11-18 and 29-36 . 
  article is in estonian , but here 's my english translation of it :, 
  airplane of the russian defense ministry did not violate the airspace of the estonian republic , said ministry representative on wednesday . 
  `` on december 9th , the russian military aircraft was on a routine flight from kubinka airfield ( in moscow oblast ) to hrabrovo airfield ( in kaliningrad oblast ) . 
  the flight took place by pre-determined plan and in strict compliance with the international rules of using airspace , '' said spokesperson . 
  estonian defence forces hq reported on wednesday that on tuesday evening , russian spy-plane il-20 entered estonian airspace without permission . 
  the violation was registered by estonian air force air operations control center in \u00c4mari . 
  german eurofighter fighters based in \u00c4mari were in-flight at the time , diverted from routine flight and successfully identified the violating aircraft . 
  the same aircraft was also identified later by canadian cf-18 fighters based in \u0160iauliai . 
  estonian , latvian and lithuanian airspace is currently secured by german eurofighters in \u00c4mari , portugese f-16s and canadian cf-18s based in \u0160ialuiai and dutch f-16s based in malbork , poland . 
  the foreign ministry will summon the russian ambassador in estonia juri merzljakov in order to deliver him a note of protest . 
  having experienced this earlier in life with tftd , i absolutely fell in love with xenonauts when it gave me a full map reveal in terror missions if enough turns have passed . 
  makes sense too , getting air recon relayed to your team by the local government forces . 
  remaining professional is no guarantee even if you started out professional . 
  staying professional is hard , while cutting corners is easy . 
  say an agent goes a bit too far with ` interrogation ' . 
  he gets caught , but his boss decides it 's not such a big deal , since the agent is a good guy and great to work with . 
  then the boss ' boss finds out and decides it 's all classified anyway so why go through the hassle of getting rid of two otherwise professional employees . 
  new people coming in see how their superiors act and get told that it 's normal . 
  and thus the slippery slope gets into full swing . 
  looks interesting on the outside , but it 's a pain to live in . 
  there are very few straight walls , so it 's difficult to put things like bookshelves against walls without everything looking weird . 
  source : i know some people who used to live there . 
  estonian christian here . 
  atheists make up a large part of the society here . 
  definitely larger than christians . 
  there 's also a lot of generic ` spirituality ' , which in estonia tends toward some idealized image estonians have of pagan traditions . 
  there 's also quite a bit of bigotry toward christians , to the point that christians in estonia tend to keep their personal social circle within the christian community in general . 
  not an absolute rule , of course . 
  everyone still has acquaintances and friends outside the religious community , not to mention coworkers . 
  not sure if your game is salvageable , but it probably is n't . 
  it 's almost hopeless to keep up with apollo ai in more than one field . 
  and it 's completely hopeless to catch up once you 've fallen behind in everything . 
  i recommend focusing entirely on research from the very start and use the tech and affinity advantage to catch up in other fields later on . 
  using a tech advantage to gain a military , growth or energy advantage is much more feasible than translating any of the others into a tech advantage . 
  would setting weight to 0 mean a country does n't show up anymore , or would it just break the system ? 
  is it possible to change the . ini part-way through a game ? 
  i 'm thinking of excluding new soldiers from countries/continents that have left the x-com project . 
  oh , looks like i overlooked a couple of important sentences in the op . 
  i got the impression you tried to keep an even balance between tech , culture and decent sized military . 
  disregard what i said , then . 
  no idea on good advice if that 's the case . 
  you need to run the game from program files/steam/steam library/steamapps/starbound / win32/starbound . exe, 
  or something like that . 
  if you reinstalled , make sure you 're still using the nightly . 
  because of recent changes to the launcher stuff , the nightly version of the game is not supposed to work if you run it from the launcher . 
  i imagine it was more along the lines of armagon being the guy doing balance . 
  for a while , it looked like he was going to have a less work to do than other members of the team so they gave him the task of making a trailer . 
  then something unexpected happened and he needed to work some more on balance before the switch to unstable , delaying the trailer . 
  at least they 're not wasting their money for something like having a whole ` nother employee for trailers . 
  my personal favorite primary is snipetron vandal ... sadly an event reward weapon from way back . 
  so not worth looking into if you do n't have it . 
  for melee , i 'd recommend trying out dual heat swords . 
  fast , good damage , single slash hits multiple targets and most importantly : the slash arc easily hits low-height enemies like crawlers . 
  those things chew up infested like crazy and they 're decent against anything that ca n't fly . 
  it 's also worth looking into kogake . 
  as far as i can tell , the slide attack of kogake is a guaranteed knockdown unless the enemy is immune . 
  i love my valkyr and i really would n't want her 1 ability to be completely replaceable with a weapon . 
  it has extremely good base puncture damage , which leads to great benefits from extra damage mods . 
  the recent mutalist event mod adding +120 % puncture damage , it turns into an absolute beast . 
  it also has something like innate 50 % silence as well as target penetration ( meaning you can do double-kills if there 's another enemy right behind your target ) .
