  reminds me of [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdusudlk2dc ) . 
  the only place where human-sized ventilation exists is in very deep mines . 
  and those are vertical ventilation shafts leading straight down , not horizontal ones between rooms . 
  rhodoks have good melee ? 
  did they improve/fix the spear ai at some point ? 
  every time i included them in my army , those spearmen just got torn apart in melee by anything with axes . 
  or swords . 
  or cavalry . 
  basically , the only thing they did n't automatically lose to in melee fights was other rhodok spears . 
  i even had them lose to peasants on a few occasions , because the spear ai was complete derp . 
  awesome . 
  i wonder when the last time this happened was ? 
  the eurovision that was hosted by estonia way back in 200 ~ ~ 2 ~ ~ ** 1 ** ? 
  2001 was estonia , right . 
  my bad . 
  not feeling the awesome . 
  possibly , with modding . 
  you 'd have to reduce shout cooldown , and place a pole with a ball and chain trap attached to the top somewhere . 
  i do n't think there are suitable locations in vanilla . 
  i made an attempt some time ago , but never got motivated enough to produce more than a two paragraphs . 
  especially since i already have a bunch of crossovers i want to write but do n't have the time/motivation for . 
  and because i 've never finished any of the witcher games or read the books . 
  it 's just the launcher that broke . 
  you can still start the game directly from the starbound/win32 ( or whatever you 're using ) folder . 
  exactly this . 
  especially after nukes became a thing , it became very important to avoid the un ending up the same way as the league of nations did . 
  definitely frustrating , but if any more accountability was imposed on them by the un , then they 'd probably decide zero accountability is preferable to veto rights . 
  as far as i know , requiem is almost completely unleveled . 
  the random vampires are n't hunting you down . 
  might just be the random encounter rng or scripts spazzing out , if you think you 're getting vampires too often . 
  the only instance of pseudo-leveling i 've seen is that you do n't get random dragon encounters on the road until you hit level 20 . 
  there may be main quest progression triggers which override it , or be required in addition to lvl20 . 
  i have n't researched it that thoroughly . 
  the bear spawning near the riverwood river is normal . 
  there 's a spawn for a bear on the non-road side of the river . 
  if the bear attacks you , it 's probably because the bear aggro 'd on a wolf or a mudcrab , which caused it to get close enough to aggro on you after the original target was dead . 
  where have you heard that , i wonder ? 
  last i saw enchanting discussed here , the consensus was that enchanting is one of the most op skills in requiem . 
  edit : at least once you get past 50 enchanting skill . 
  strange , i could 've sworn i completed bfb and watchtower around level 13 , but the first time i randomly encountered a dragon was right after i hit level 20 after leveling up from killing ice wolves on the approach to dawnstar . 
  then again , you actually know how requiem works and what it changes . 
  probably just confirmation bias on my part , then . 
  combined with a small sample size . 
  i wonder how hard it would be to get 42 using nothing but 12 . 
  ~ ~ not hard at all , apparently ~ ~ harder than i thought , because this is completely wrong . 
  and now i wonder if it 's possible to turn any number ( or at least any integer ) into 42 . 
  do the czech have their own eurovision , with blackjack and hookers ? 
  because that sounds a lot more awesome than regular eurovision . 
  contribution to euromonies fund , i think . 
  as far as vampire/sunburst goes , that depends entirely on what kind of rp you 're going for . 
  one of my more successful games with requiem was a vampire who was planning to make herself immune to sunlight without giving up any vampiric perks . 
  and she firmly believed the answer was in the schools of restoration , enchantment and alchemy , rather than necromancy . 
  the sunurst spell being a key component in her research , as she tried to understand how and why sunlight harms vampires ( and other undead ) . 
  maybe because they 're all corrupt and they know it ? 
  would it ? 
  or would the next bottleneck be ram ? 
  or hdd read speed ( assuming no ssd ) ? 
  except ... would `` native '' homeless people still qualify for this , since they probably pay no taxes besides sales tax ? 
  it would actually sort of make sense if the novakid ship accepted coal . 
  the rate is actually quite simple . 
  number of registered guns / total population = guns per 1 person . 
  multiply that by 100 to get guns per 100 people . 
  both source numbers can be requested from the appropriate government agencies . 
   you mean that cupola that is of the exact same strength as on the e75 ? 
  they both have the same turret . 
  is n't the e-75 a bit taller , though , meaning the cupola is angled more upward when aiming at it with an is-6 ? 
  t-shirts and shorts are fine in the summer , at least when it 's really hot outside . 
  jeans and something long-sleeved and water resistant for when it rains . 
  only 4 % for software developers , though . 
  probably running off some weird bureaucratic definition of `` programmer '' . 
  or the site is just full of shit in general . 
  comcast has legendarily bad support . 
  it 's probably their corporate policy to have terrible support . 
  if you ask to cancel your service , their support people will straight up stall and ask questions without cancelling your service until you run out of time and hang up , without ever cancelling your service . 
  reportedly , the only thing that works to make them cancel your service is to threaten to go to the media . 
  cgi simulations of clothing on cgi models . 
  possibly in hologram form , eventually . 
  still , only having coalitions restricted to a single party precludes coalitions between factions that are otherwise on the opposing ends of the political spectrum . 
  this in turn leads to much less adversarial political debates , since politicians would n't be able to burn bridges as much , if they want to maintain their options for coalition . 
  though i do fully agree that problems with democracy do n't go away just because of multiplying parties . 
  when playing , i had the thought of being able to craft custom components using resources . 
  something like : use design component skill on stock part to start creating blueprint . 
  adjust values of component in design , when you press `` done '' , you get a blueprint . 
  blueprint + ore = prototype component . 
  but i abandoned the idea when i realized ve 's modding would have to be in a prog . 
  language i know very little about . 
  in film , they are * deliberately * capturing objects in a way that produces the motion blur , even though it 's technologically feasible to have ` sharp ' still images with no motion blur . 
  of course , ` natural ' motion blur looks better and is easier to produce than having to digitally simulate the blur in a computer game . 
  however , none of that changes the fact that the only reason motion blur needs to be used at all , is because the standard framerates used in filming ( and console games ) are so low that the result would look horrible without it . 
  the main reason for sticking with the low framerate is that post-processing a low-fps video is cheaper for a film studio than post-processing a high-fps video . 
  and in consoles , it 's done purely because the console hardware is just too crap to run at higher framerates . 
  a constant +10 on bs/ws ? 
  which +10 are you referring to ? 
  there are several common situations where you can have a +10 on ws/bs , and they 're different for bs and ws . 
  for bs , the common reason is that you 're shooting at a target at short range , followed closely by shooting after a short aim action and using semi-automatic fire . 
  with ws , it 's a bit trickier to get bonuses . 
  outnumbering an opponent 2v1 in melee is the most common +10 , i think ... oh , and melee weapons grand a passive +10 ws if they are best quality craftsmanship . 
  you should note that bonuses like these can stack for up to +60 total . 
  a more comprehensive list can be found on p198 of the dh core book . 
  edit : and the damage reduction from tb applies on top of armor values .
