  and you seem to have a misconception : the dark eldar do not worship or benefit from slaanesh . 
  the dark eldar are really the `` mainstream '' eldar , while craftworld eldar are the crazy amish eldar who buggered off from the densely-populated center of the eldar empire ( now known as the eye of terror ) before slaanesh came into existence and wiped almost everything out . 
  the dark eldar have continued the decadence and depravity that spawned slaanesh in the first place , except they now harness the power of their victims ' agony to defend themselves from slaanesh . 
  hey , if op said everything from all the books is available to them , then the gm could definitely take something out of those books as well . 
  eh , do n't worry too much . 
  a casual linux user probably would n't have reason to learn about symlinks quite that quickly these days . 
  you 're not a linux sysadmin , i hope ? 
  because if you are , then that 's like ... administrating a windows computer without knowing that there 's a `` control panel '' . 
  the imperium does n't have the technology to outright replace capital ships like battleships and battle barges . 
  ships like that are relics from before humanity collapsed that have been restored . 
  they do n't have the technology , manpower or facilities to build any new ones . 
  and yet they tend to ram these valuable ships into [ necron death stars ] ( http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/astral_knights ) or overload their warp drives to stop what are really just [ tyranid scouting fleets ] ( http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/dominus_astra ) . 
  similarly , the imperium does n't really have the technology to build new suits of astartes terminator armor . 
  and yet disastrous last stands by the 1st company of a space marine chapter ( consisting entirely of terminators ) are disturbingly common . 
  it does , though : vanilla does n't allow you to auto-aim at targets around a corner , autoaim + adds that functionality . 
  it 's a change to mechanics , and it has minor gameplay advantages when rushing around a corner . 
  whether this should be added to vanilla or not is a different question , but i suspect it counts as cheating at the moment . 
   - you : i get that !, 
  but which one ? 
  how can i fix this in 7 days if you do n't tell me ??? 
   - wg : play vanilla . 
   - wg : case closed, 
  ftfy, 
  no math for the planning speed differences of initiative ? 
  nah , just two . 
  craftworld eldar are the `` vanilla eldar '' these days , being the more numerous group of them . 
  when people talk about `` eldar '' , they typically mean craftworld eldar . 
  however , the dark eldar are essentially what the eldar empire was like right before slaanesh happened . 
  not at all . 
  trump has n't spoken about abandoning nato , only about pressuring allies into actually paying 2 % of their gdp on defense . 
  estonia is fulfilling that commitment , and trump 's comment actually lit a fire under latvia and lithuania to do the same . 
  the globalist elite are morally and ideologically bankrupt . 
  their solutions do n't work , or only work to benefit themselves and their donors at the expense of the taxpayers . 
  like reformierakond here in estonia , they 've reached the level of arrogance and self-delusion that they do n't even understand what they 're being criticized for because everything is fine from their perspective . 
  it 's about time they were replaced in a country that actually matters . 
  dammit i was hoping this was something good , but no . 
  they 're just suing him for not censoring facebook effectively enough . 
   and that the rape culture and blood on your hands, 
  oh really ? 
   probably supports muslim immigration, 
  basically , return to bilateral trade treaties , instead of trying to keep together multinational economic zones that are always going to be unfair to some segment of its ' members . 
  every country should look after their own interests first , instead of delegating authority to multinational organizations that ca n't really be held accountable for any of their decisions . 
  globalism does promote trade and increase the global average gdp , but the middle class of 1st world countries like estonia are n't seeing the benefiting from any of this : the profits go into the pockets of rich bankers and investment capitalists , while the middle class taxpayers are just told to continuously pay ever-increasing taxes to pay for the welfare of people who lose their jobs because their jobs have moved to mexico , india or china . 
  while the heretics continue to downvote in their impotent rage because they know their defeat is certain and inevitable . 
  fuck no , they 'll contest it ( and the investigation will only turn up their own fraud ) . 
  a little bit . 
  i 've seen so much leftist salt by now , i 'm actually feeling sorry for them . 
  looking at all the meltdowns and despair ... 
  i 'm not hateful enough to feel joy from all that . 
  still overjoyed about maga , though . 
  riight ... not shooting `` unarmed '' black knuckledraggers who later turn out to have a gun or knife . 
  or big , 300lb blacks waving their fists at white knuckledraggers half their size , and telling them to fuck off . 
  that 's going to work out so well for the cops and other people with guns . 
  which is better than hillary , who would have had impeachment proceedings against her before the honeymoon period was even over . 
  i resent that . 
  i 'm a european supporter of trump . 
  thank god , no . 
  but it 's about time someone lit the fire under my government to stop neglecting its ' part in europe 's ability to take care of its ' own security because `` why pay for a competent military if uncle sam is always going to fix everything for us on his own dime ?! '', 
  estonia . 
  got our 2 % of gdp spent , with russia right next to us . 
  probably going to spend more for a few years to cover for our two southern baltic neighbors until they get their shit in order . 
  also , i 've never advocated europe being as belligerent as america . 
  nor have i advocated every european country spending the same percentages of gdp as america is . 
  what i 'm really advocating is america reining in its ' military spending a bit and reducing its ' belligerence , while europe picks up the slack in terms of deterrence against russia . 
  probably not going to happen , of course , since trump 's make america great again involves the military as well . 
  but ultimately , i 'd very much like to see europe 's nato segment reach a point where it has both the military capability as well as the political will to protect itself from russia without us support if necessary . 
  which is something an isolationist like trump can inspire here . 
  in many countries , registration is automatic based on whatever residence you have listed in state records . 
  you just need to show up to the voting station with a photo id to vote . 
  no registration deadlines or other bullshit like that . 
  she blatantly violated security protocols by setting up that server in the first place . 
  even now , a couple cases are ongoing with lower level grunts in the military facing jail time for similar security breaches . 
  even though a ) the classified information they had was proven not to have ended up in the hands foreign intelligence and b ) their prosecution concedes they had no intent to break security regulations . 
  meanwhile , the leaked emails strongly indicate that clinton had intent to hide her emails from foia requests , and it 's indisputable that her emails were hacked and exposed to foreign intelligence . 
  comey 's flimsy excuses are utter bullshit and he went so far as to say what amounts to `` just because we 're not recommending prosecution of clinton does n't mean we wo n't recommend it for anyone else who does the same '' . 
  one law for the clintons , another for everyone else . 
   i 'll give you hillary and her emails if you give me the entire torture team during the bush administration ( and possibly the obama administration if he continued it ) . 
  absolutely no complaints there . 
  both establishment parties need to be purged of corruption and criminals in office . 
  edit : and just to clarify before the accusations of fascism come out : by `` purge '' , i mean prosecution and actual jail sentences in accordance with the law . 
  not something crazy like lining them against a wall and having them shot . 
  this . 
  i 'd go so far as to say that democracy in the weimar republic was already doomed well before hitler even took power . 
  one of the biggest factors outside nazi control was the communist party of germany , which pretty much had the same totalitarian methods and goals as hitler . 
  the democratic forces willingly made an alliance with the nazis in order to stop the communists from attempting another revolution/coup . 
  and then , through unity and ideological fervor that the democratic forces lacked , the nazis took over all aspects of political discourse . 
  and here 's the thing : the democratic forces really had at most two other options in that situation . 
  first , they could make an alliance with communists , who were likely to purge a large part of the population based on class divides ( including many of the wealthy politicians and businessmen that made up the democratic elite ) . 
  the second option was to just watch their popular support decline due to the reichstag 's inability to get anything done , until society polarized to the point of civil war breaking out between the nazis and communists . 
  nothing good comes out of such a polarized society . 
  i 'm really glad arumba brought this one to my attention . 
  bought it and having tons of fun playing it . 
  although i do have a question : does anyone know how arumba changed the cosmetic appearance of armor blocks ? 
  i ca n't seem to do anything but rotate them , myself . 
  how about you let this one sink in : 200 000 votes was the margin by which hillary won the popular vote . 
  which is only a fraction of the [ approximately 2.8 million ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0261379414000973 ) dead people still registered to vote across the us . 
  and democrats consistently have better results , in all states where dead people voting years after their death has been uncovered . 
  so it 's safe to say the dead vote democrat more than they vote republican . 
  there are still boys ' names and girls ' names , as well as names that fit either gender . 
  there are some common tendencies , like girls ' names ending with vowels and boys ' names ending with consonants , but they 're not grammatical rules .
