  if the ~ ~ chinese offensive ~ ~ japanese offensive in china stalls , then japan starts really sucking at defense the moment the northern front suddenly gets cut off from captured chinese ports on the coast . 
  in my experience , japan straight-up loses to china 50 % of the time and gets pushed off the mainland completely , even before the allies join the war . 
  nope . 
  claims are a permanent thing . 
  in addition , ` take claimed province ' wargoals do n't expire ( unlike regular conquest wargoals ) . 
  and iirc , a claim province loses its ' non-core penalties after you take it in a peace conference . 
  maybe the magic in the tes world is fading , similar to lotr lore ? 
  yes , there is another , separate trial , with a prosecutor presenting a case for perjury . 
  committing perjury does not add directly to the sentence of the original crime , although the judge has leeway with the length of the sentence and perjury might affect their final judgment on the length of the sentence . 
  all those liberal hill-shill tears in the responses . 
  delicious . 
  just early game low hp and a mod that turns the hp bars into very clear numbers . 
  i read a book a couple years ago , written by one of the people that founded wikileaks with him . 
  after reading that , i 'm having a hard time respecting him . 
  quite hypocritically , his management of wikileaks was every bit as opaque as the organizations wikileaks exposes . 
  not just keeping secrets from leaking out , but also keeping his co-founders in the dark about things and then cutting them out of the process at one point . 
  not because he thought the co-founders were untrustworthy , but because assange did n't like sharing the spotlight , and because he wanted to take the sole credit for everything wikileaks had achieved . 
  i might respect his work , but the guy himself is ( or at least was , for a long while ) a self-absorbed diva . 
  unimportant . 
  df would be a massive resource hog even with optimization , because of how minutely everything is tracked . 
  here 's an example of how crazy some of the tracking is : a merchant caravan comes to your forts . 
  they have coins . 
  those coins were created during worldgen . 
  the game knows where and when each individual coin was created . 
  if a goblin raid hits your fort , every goblin in it was created during worldgen and has their own , personal history of how they moved across different settlements , joined the goblin military and eventually ended up in your fort . 
  rimworld does n't go into anywhere near as much detail . 
  all that `` really '' exists is your colony and the objects on the map . 
  the faction bases on the big world map where you select your colony site do not have a definitive population . 
  the storyteller just `` invents '' events on the fly and adds them to a queue . 
  if the storyteller triggers a raid , it just creates a bunch of new npcs on the spot , generates their equipment and places them on the map . 
  it 's mostly because dirt ( like cobblestone ) is used in a couple of recipes , and the game ca n't handle multiple different types of dirt material being valid as the crafting material for the same recipe . 
  edit : and because people complained when their entire inventory was filled up with 48 stacks of different colored dirt . 
  why put it in the base game if they can sell it to us as dlc ? 
  just that fact that a person can play as muhammad and make decisions as him is offensive to islam . 
  the vandals were not rebels , they were invaders . 
  the american indians were not rebels , because they were never loyal to the us in the first place . 
  they were at war with the us , but no country in the world recognized that conflict as a war at the time . 
  resistance implies intent to resist . 
  someone who is speeding for the purpose of `` sticking it to the man '' is a rebel . 
  someone who is speeding for other reasons , is n't . 
  the csa were rebels , resisting the central authority of the usa with their secession . 
  you mean official russian propaganda . 
  there most definitely are russian units ordered to fight in the ukraine . 
  there 's no way russia would just let volunteers take btrs and buks from its ' military bases drive to ukraine to fight . 
  tents do n't slow down hunger . 
  only proper beds ( and possibly the sleeping bag , i 'm not sure ) . 
  just ... serb nerf you med tank drivers !, 
  it 's not fair that you get literally all the cool features in the game . 
  and not fully aiming some of the shots , even when he had all the time he needed . 
  the trick to being good at brand new games like hoi4 , is to obsessively watch all the developer gameplay streams before the game launches . 
  which you , as a youtuber who needs to produce their own content , understandably do n't have time for . 
  in particular , i mean the shots against the borsig at the end , and one of the earlier shots at the grille 15 . 
  especially with the borsig , when the missed the first shot and then just stood there , waiting to fully aim the second one . 
  there 's not much to be done , i 'm afraid . 
  the hk version of the engine has some additional features compared to the df version , which good ugc usually takes advantage of , leading to longer loading times . 
  you can thank the cucked estonian msm for this . 
  there were quite a few big articles about how trump and the republicans are going to leave the baltics out in the cold if russia attacks because according the msm , what trump said amounts to `` none of our allies have fulfilled their nato obligations , so we do n't have to defend them '', 
  this is accurate . 
  world tension hitting 100 % has almost the same effect as ticking off the historical ai box at game start . 
  ai just starts fabricating wargoals via diplomacy , instead of relying on the focus system . 
  worth nothing `` do n't use battle plans '' does n't mean you should never draw one on the map . 
  the `` preparation bonus '' you get from having a plan drawn out is huge , especially for a minor that needs every advantage possible . 
  you should definitely draw an offensive plan while you 're waiting or defending , but never activate the ai-ctonrolled offensive . 
  when you begin an offensive , delete the plan and move units manually until they run out of planning bonus . 
  then draw a new plan , wait for the planning bonus to refill and resume the manual offensive . 
  i think you 're seriously underestimating the processing power that goes into suggestion 3 . 
  that would basically be rip fps because of the cpu bottleneck . 
  it 's not just * your * units whose movement priorities need to be constantly processed . 
  ai-controlled nations do not use manual orders at all , they just assign units to fronts and draw offensive lines . 
  they rely entirely on the order system . 
  the game already gets noticeably sluggish around 1943 , when the ai gets twitchy and reprocesses general/admiral assignments on every hourly tick . 
  e-residency is not very useful to you , if you 're interested in moving to estonia to live in a secular society . 
  it 's mainly targeted for foreigners who want to run a business in estonia without having to constantly visit estonia to sign legal papers . 
  e-residency by itself does not allow you to move to estonia . 
  you need regular residency for that . 
  according to the government sites , it costs ~ 30 $ to renew or issue the residency card that proves you are legally allowed to live in estonia . 
  unfortunately , the residency card is just a physical proof , not the actual permission itself . 
  the sites i 've been to have n't mentioned the actual requirements to qualify for residency in the first place . 
  they 've just referred to the [ foreigners ' act ] ( https://www.riigiteataja.ee/akt/13331195?leiakehtiv ) and i do n't have the time to comb through the estonian text and translate relevant sections right now . 
  welcome to the wonderful world of software logic and optimization of complex tasks . 
  honestly , at this point i think the most straightforward solution is to check the destination of all units that are moving based on ai orders on the daily tick . 
  no checking units that do n't have movement orders . 
  it 'll still get nasty at the daily tick as a game goes on , but having lag on something like daily ticks or par the course for hoi , just as yearly tick lag is for eu4, 
  assuming death of the author is for the best here . 
  the author is a jingoistic asshat who thinks japan did nothing wrong in china , and the manga and anime have already ** considerably ** watered down the * grorious nippon miritary * circlejerk of the novel and light novel versions of the story . 
  there 's nothing to be gained from trying to figure out what his intent was with using these loaded terms . 
  at any rate , the `` hawks '' represent proud imperial hard-liners who foolishly think that they can actually win in a war agaisnt the jsdf if they just mobilize their empire hard enough . 
  the `` doves '' on the other hand , represent a faction that thinks in the long term , and realizes the best way to preserve the empire is to sue for peace while the empire still has some bargaining chips left . 
  have to admit , i felt the same . 
  a `` face '' character needs to be a shaman to remain combat effective . 
  add reasonable biotech and int levels into the karma dumping equation , and even a shaman peters off in the end-game . 
  with a `` face '' main chararacter and the decker being dead weight in combat toward the end is really a poor balance . 
  on the other hand , this could easily be intentional : if you intend to see all the content , all the skill-gated interactions , then the developers intended for the player to run through the game with different builds to meet the skill checks . 
  run a decker and you do n't need ... buzz ? 
  in your lineup , so you can have three combat specialists backing up your high-int decker . 
  run a pure charisma shaman for the combination of etiquettes and high-power summons , and accept you 'll miss out on the int and biotech checks . 
  ripworld yes !, 
  nah , for some of the useful mid-game interactions , i push them both up to 6 , which causes the character to lose out on high-end shaman abilities if you still push for maximum charisma with an elf . 
  for the record , you can still double-jump with wall jump . 
  and rocket jump is n't really about combat utility .
