  i was immensely bored and started throwing a 0,5 l cola glass up in the air and catching it mid-spin , lying down on my bed . 
  then the glass smashed against the wall and i reflexively caught the broken remains of it . 
  on one hand : scarred left hand . 
  on the other ... catching it prevented half of a broken glass from falling on my head/chest . 
  this reminds me of something that happened in one of my recent games . 
  rebels threw the pope-man out of rome and put the land under a double-count bishop . 
  who went on to turn lollard about five years later . 
  not that i particularly cared , being a suomenusko pagan planning to covert to christianity in order to go feudal . 
  so it is . 
  is my knowledge just horribly dated , or has it always been a weakpoint ? 
  still , that lower plate `` weakpoint '' is stronger than any point on the front of a tiger i ( aside from a tiny strip just below the gun ) . 
  except most games do announce when they 've left beta . 
  de , on the other hand , has n't referred to warframe as a beta for a long while , but they 've made no official announcement about actually leaving beta stage either . 
  because `` grind = = gameplay = = fun '' . 
  spoilt brat players just do n't know how to appreciate it . / s, 
  generally , i 'd say each inquisitor may well have their own specific format . 
  `` divided we stand '' is one of the core principles of imperial ideology , minimizing the impact of a single high-ranking official being corrupted to falling to heresy . 
  the imperial date format is one of the standardized things , though . 
  a full imperial `` date '' is always attached to some kind of `` event '' , usually the writing of the report . 
  suppose that there is a report with the date ' 2001750 . m39 ' . 
  starting from the back , ' 750 . m39 ' means the event took in year 750 of the 39th millenium ( 38 750 ad ) . 
  administratively \\* , years in the imperium are split into 1000 parts , rather than months and days , which makes ' 001 ' is the year fraction ; the short version of this is that a single day has roughly 3 numbers to it . 
  so from the ' 001 ' , we can tell the report was written sometime in the afternoon of january 1st . 
  finally , we get to the last number , ' 2 ' , which is the check number . 
  since measurement of time between worlds is difficult due to the nature of the warp as well as relativistic effects , a reference point is required for a `` date '' to be meaningful . 
  in our case , the check number ' 2 ' means that the ship or planet the report was written on , had direct psychic contact with terra or the sol system when it was created . 
  depending on how far on the edges of the imperium your inquisitor is operating , their reports are going to have 3 , 4 or 5 as their check number . 
  the system up to 5 makes decent enough sense : ' 0 ' is terra itself , ' 1 ' is any other planet or moon in the sol system , ' 2 ' has contact with ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' , ' 3 ' has contact with a ' 2 ' , ' 4 ' has contact with a ' 3 ' and a ' 5 ' has contact with a 4 . 
  now , 6 , 7 and 8 are worlds that have been out of contact for a while . 
  a ' 6 ' means `` last contact with a 0-5 source was less than a year ago . '', 
  ' 7 ' means '' ... less than 10 years ago . '', 
  and 8 mean '' ... more than 10 years ago '' . 
  finally , a ' 9 ' means that the date is approximated to imperial standard using a local , non-standard calendar . 
  \\* - note that these `` year fractions '' are only used in administrative dating and reports . 
  in everyday communication , it 's still months and numbered days . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not a beta anymore . 
  they just want to have he `` hey , chill out guys , it 's still a beta '' card to pull out of their back pocket to excuse glitches , poor balance and nonexistent playtesting . 
  apparently , you ca n't change localization files through steam workshop . 
  really ? 
  i 'm instantly reminded of the m41 walker bulldog . 
  probably the gun mantlet that does that . 
  here is the reference i paraphrased : http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/imperial_dating_system, 
  original citation is the 5th edition wh 40k core rulebook . 
  yeah , the collector went down like a loser on my first encounter with it as well . 
  in hindsight , it was only because i got insanely lucky when it summoned two vestals and a man-at-arms . 
  not that simple , ( un ) fortunately . 
  one million extra men at moscow would have also meant getting equipment , ammo and food for said men . 
  when it was at the gates of moscow , nazi germany did n't have a manpower problem yet . 
  it had a problem keeping the men pushing toward moscow supplied with stuff . 
  lack of manpower on the front lines did n't become a serious issue for germany until after stalingrad . 
  less about crap administration ( though it probably was n't good , either ) and more about soviet russia 's crap road and rail system , and soviets sabotaging bridges and stuff as they retreated . 
  plus the massive distance between russia germany , where the canned food and ammo was being manufactured . 
  making things even worse were the immense amounts of mud in spring and autumn . 
  and equally immense amounts of snow in winter . 
  nah , it was only stable in the ottoman period if you compare to the complete clusterfuck that it is today . 
  it 's just that nobody in the world cared when the ottomans violently suppressed internal problems . 
  then oil became a relevant resource and suddenly various world powers started looking for reasons to get a foothold in the region . 
  squishing an insect against a surface and flicking it in the air are very different processes . 
  imagine getting hit by a car vs having a car fall on top of you . 
  i ca n't recall any raws that allow this , but i have seen a homebrew talent for rogue trader which allowed mechanicus types to substitute fel for int when making command tests for leading mechanicus soldiers , servitors and the like . 
  in that particular game , our ship ended up having skitarii as its ' primary force for boarding and ground expeditions . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised the ship did not ever get the murder-servitors upgrade . 
  thankfully , crit chance can never be higher than hit chance . 
  on ~ ~ op 's chart ~ ~ the chart in the op , the yellow zone can fill up the blue zone entirely , but never overflow from it , if the blue zone is really small . 
  edit : did n't realize i was replying to you , op . 
  corrected my wording a bit . 
  can you elaborate on this in any way ? 
  do n't people need citizenship to vote ? 
  refugees , by definition , are n't citizens . 
  and i have n't heard of the left granting citizenship to the refugees en-masse . 
  do n't bother . 
  the picture is not from x-com 2 . 
  it 's older than the first x-com 2 announcements . 
  the really important question here is : can dodge and crit chances overlap , or does one override the other . 
  is a graze always normal damage roll halved , or can a graze be critical damage roll halved . 
  i think it was conventional industry , if you 're starting as a pre-newtonian empire . 
  not entirely sure , though . 
  in defense of bad tiger i players , the tank is a heavy in-name-only . 
  it 's really a sluggish turreted td with no camo bonuses . 
  it 's a very historically famous tank that 's rather counter-intuitive to use for a heavy . 
  most heavies are either good at brawling or hull-down defense ; the tiger i is crap at both of those . 
  on the t29 , 102mm of hull armor is considered its ' major frontal weakpoint , and that 's 2mm more than the tiger . 
  mainly , the reason is fear of russian `` vacationers '' coming here with weapons and tanks `` missing '' from russian military bases to `` liberate '' the russian minorities . 
  i wonder if russia would continue to declare the indisputable righteousness of this kind of `` liberation '' if the chinese decided to do it in the far east . 
  as far as `` trust '' goes , it 's more of a `` trust , but verify '' situation . 
  the government systems have checks in place . 
  if a police officer or a tax official looks at someone 's info , then the system records it , and the record is traceable to the person who looked at it . 
  i recall a case from a few years ago , where some desk-job police official was arrested and put to trial for abusing her access privileges to dig up dirt on someone they had a personal grudge against . 
  i will not tire of saying this : the tiger i should be a tier 6 tank , same as the premium japanese tiger . 
  i think you 're severely underestimating the value of `` armored bullet sponge that does n't matter if it dies '' . 
  seriously . 
  taking control of advent heavy mecs made the late game so much easier . 
  and once i got dominate on my psi , every mission turned into `` dominated the andromedon/gatekeeper , no advent survivors '' . 
  ` founder ' meaning i paid for one of the founder packages de used to sell . 
  i 've got the excal prime to prove it . 
  / r/evenwithcontext, 
  that 's a false dilemma . 
  if you created an hdd that worked in vacuum , it would also work in air . 
  you would n't have to ensure there is a vacuum inside the hdd at all times .
