  cnn lying about nancy sinatra not wanting her father 's song played at trump inauguration, 
  cnn lies about trump 's meeting with polish first lady, 
  feed cuts :, 
  cnn cutting mic for saying jesus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcnz8g4ds6k, 
  cnn cuts mic when trump calls out their lies :, 
  cnn cuts feed when wikileaks is mentioned :, 
  cnn cuts bernie sander 's mic when he calls them fake news, 
  cnn cuts mic on muslim woman :, 
  cnn calls fake news equivalent to the n-word, 
  cnn ignores gas attack in favor of talking about chicken :, 
  cnn fakes popularity numbers, 
  cnn spoon-feeds pro-clinton responses to debate panel : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqciub3smci, 
  threatens to reveal identity of reddit man who made trump-cnn bodyslam meme if he disobeys them, 
  cnn defends itself from #cnnblackmail accusations . 
  their explanation does n't wash. 
  cnn may have targeted the wrong meme creator over trump 's wwe tweet, 
  cnn reporter `` just doing his job '' race-baiting : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxcan0t6gri, 
  cnn loses feed when reporter mentions clinton 's support of mass incarceration in the 1990 's : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_ttvtlztis, 
  cnn cuts feed when rep. chris collins calls clinton a liar , referencing wikileaks : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8colioaiku, 
  cnn fakes racist pepe image, 
  cnn stages fake protest, 
  i thought that glitch was not strictly a matter of a large health pool , but because perk-based fortify health buffs ( like what all kinds of undead have ) were n't correctly interacting with the health bar . 
  i recall that even `` low health '' undead like draugr could produce that glitch . 
  i also thought that particular glitch was fixed , was n't it ? 
  he did , along with a number of other senior nazis such as g\u00f6ring and himmler . 
  or more accurately , everyone but the germans gets a free dlc that adds `` uncensored '' nazi portraits . 
  and german courts have upheld that video games are `` toys '' not `` art '' , at least for purposes of depiction of nazi iconography and such . 
  but the choice to censor the actual portraits for germany was not because the portraits would be illegal ( like the actual nazi flag would be ) . 
  they did it to avoid the possibility of an adults only rating and associated moral outrage in germany . 
  you are correct . 
  it has not been upheld in courts , however court precedent matters less in germany than it does in a common law country like the us . 
  for the actual censorship of swastikas , i cite [ this thesis ] ( https://scholarsbank.uoregon.edu/xmlui/bitstream/handle/1794/19123/thesis%20final-mueller.pdf ) , particularly page 12 and onward . 
   us white guys do n't do anything, 
  what did you expect ? 
  that we 'll chimp out and start burning down our own neighborhoods like blm ? 
  for reference , here 's a picture of white people actually [ chimping out ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1479/09/1479092194155.jpg ) . 
  depends on which cold war tanks we 're talking about . 
  it would probably have done reasonably well against its ' contemporaries like the t-62 and the m60 . 
  that was an era where heat ammo had gotten powerful and accurate , but before armor technology had caught up , and the leopard i was designed with that in mind . 
  even slightly later cold war tanks like the t-72 , let alone the t-80 and abrams , would completely outclass it . 
  the eldritch abomination does n't show up in the first place if you have enough torches . 
  and yet it is the democrats that insist brown people require affirmative action and welfare programs to be competitive with white people , while republicans want the two to compete on equal terms . 
  assuming i read the numbers right ( they were , in order : 86 % , 77 % , 85 % , 44 % , 46 % , 95 % , 95 % ) , the likelihood of * all * these shots missing was :, 
  i suspect it 's more likely that your rng glitched out and stopped being random , forcing the misses , rather than rng causing such an unlikely series of misses naturally . 
  yes , that 's possible too , i suppose . 
  the hit % display mod being bugged and showing the wrong numbers because it is n't counting certain penalties . 
  graduate degrees are basically irrelevant as a voting block , anyway . 
  looking at the statistics , they 're about 10-11 % of the population across the country . 
  and that distribution is n't actually homogenous : those people are concentrated into the urban centers . 
  people with grad degrees are never going to be anything more than a useful demographic to have on your side . 
  they 're never going to be numerous enough to become the key demographic of an election . 
  unless dems devalue grad degrees to the point that anyone can get them ( which would likely shift the preferences of the demographic anyway ) , or do something as crazy as trying to disenfranchise people that do n't have `` enough '' education ( which is n't going to happen without a civil war ), 
  well , the errors are in relation to generic_swi_bank , so perhaps show us the code for that , too ? 
  preferably , copy the files involved into pastebin entirely , rather than making partial screenshots . 
  the difference is , trans people will never be fully stable , even on their medication . 
  and there are also plenty of conditions that are banned even with stable medication . 
  the main issue is , the `` families '' that get fed from making that yacht are probably somewhere in china , getting a bare subsistence wage while unemployment and class divides grow in america , where the yacht was actually sold . 
  the bulk of the money spent just gets absorbed by banks to be milled around with loans , producing `` growth '' in banks , without any increase in actual value anywhere . 
  keynesianism was actually somewhat valid , right up until it blew up due to the inflation spiral driven by strong unions gaming the policies aimed at guaranteeing total employment . 
  from there , global capital flow barriers were dismantled and keynesian practices became invalid , because capital would simply relocate to wherever labor was cheapest . 
  note that post-keynesian policies of avoiding inflation were not any better : the policy aim was to avoid inflation spirals , and banks started gaming those policies for their own profit , and that whole thing pretty much blew up with the 2007 crash . 
  it 's plausible that it is n't , at this point . 
   took the case to court . 
   the state never had any role . 
  pick one . 
  court arbitration is an institution of the state . 
  it was the court ( i.e , the state ) that decided the parents should not be allowed to seek a doctor willing to provide the experimental treatment they could afford . 
  that 's ... apparently a grand total of five of them . 
  communism is , and always has been , a sham to pretend the authoritarian kleptocracy of senior politicians and intelligence officers is something noble and progressive . 
  maybe if you somehow get to be in a 1v1 , but that almost never happens . 
  in reality , you need to stand alone in front of 2-3 tanks and take hits , without retreating back around the corner/rock to actually put that dpm to work . 
  and no tank 's dpm is good enough to actually overcome superior numbers , unless they also have great armor to bounce return shots . 
  never have i been more grateful for being an old-timer and progressing to the tigers before the dw2 was introduced . 
  even with all the perks of an old account , like 100 % crews and enough credits to mount equipment , that thing was utter cancer to get past when i decided i wanted to go down the panther line after reaching the e-75 . 
  so essentially , you 're arguing that doctors should have the agency to advocate in favor of euthanasia for patients that are n't in a condition to argue their own case ? 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't agree with that . 
  life , however painful , is still life , and carries a hope of improvement ; possibly even outright cures as medical technology progresses . 
  death , regardless of circumstance , is harmful and final for the patient . 
  doctors should n't be allowed to argue for euthanasia , if the family is pursuing further treatment , even if they should be allowed to argue the inverse on behalf of a patient . 
  the family should have this responsibility . 
  not a complex of doctors , bureaucrats and judges looking at a bottom line somewhere . 
  there is no greater suffering than a life cut short . 
  death is never the best solution . 
  i see what the problem could potentially be : you have two ` allowed = { } ' blocks . 
  if allowed is ` always = no ' , then you must handle the idea and its ' removal entirely with events or focus triggers . 
  the second allowed block can just be removed as redundant . 
  or if you absolutely want to have the ` swi = { ... } ' , put it right below ` always = no ' inside the first allowed block . 
  secondly : you 're using the same idea for multiple countries , and repeating it in the idea files of sweden and italy . 
  this is only necessary for government/manufacturer/high command ideas . 
  focuses , events and history can call out ideas from all the idea files ; all that matters is the id . 
  in this case , you have duplicate generic_swi_bank ideas in multiple country files , which is causing issues . 
  each id should only appear once across all the idea files . 
  just put the idea in generic.txt and call it out by id in country-specific history for sweden and italy . 
  also , the second part summarized by / u/athievingstableboy specifically singles out international organizations calling for boycotts of israel . 
  then reduce italy 's nu with events to make it capitulate/split into civil war from losing sicily . 
  italy caved after sicily because of political divisions , not because of any disastrous military collapse . 
  well , if that 's the case , i have to admit being stumped as well . 
  best of luck figuring it out . 
  #cnn : are solar eclipses suffering from internalized racism ? 
  damn right it 's going to cause problems : the guys will spiral into major depression breaks because they 'll constantly have their advances rebuffed and shot down by the pretty nudist .
