  yes , i know . 
  at first , i wondered if i had somehow taken skooma or something , but as i saw the smoke rising from helgen , i decided it best to get closer and investigate . 
  perhaps there were survivors who needed help . 
  it seems those three bandits in their camp by the lake road had a similar idea . 
  helping survivors by liberating them from the excessive weight of their coin . 
  up until now , we had not bothered each other , i kept clear of their camp and they kept clear of mine . 
  but as they found me heading for helgen as well , they attacked , in order to not have to share any loot . 
  the battle between me and them lasted for two hours , despite my significant tactical advantage . 
  killing their archer was easy enough , but the other two , both heavily armored swordswomen , proved tougher . 
  thankfully , i found a tall rock where i the two bandits were unable to reach me . 
  or rather , they could n't climb up without making themselves easy kills , and they knew it . 
  so instead they decided to stick behind the poor cover of trees and wait me out . 
  i killed one of them , and the second surrendered after it became clear i had enough arrows to kill her with careful shots . 
  one thing the fight made obvious was that i 've gone soft after being nothing but a hunter for so long . 
  ten arrows should 've been enough to kill the one armored in shoddy iron plate , but instead it was barely enough to wound her to the point of yielding . 
  from the one that yielded , i demanded her coin and her blade . 
  the other two i looted for the same , as well as looting any valuables from their camp near the river . 
  onward to helgen . 
  not a single survivor in helgen . 
  just dead imperials and stormcloaks . 
  found some potions and valuables the imperials were n't going to miss . 
  might sound like stealing , but if i ever want to be wealthy and powerful enough to have the luxury of doing what is right , i 'll have to do what i must to get there first . 
  part of the castle nearly collapsed on top of my own head , so i did n't stay for longer than i had to . 
  the escape tunnel had collapsed as well , but i 'm certain i heard something on the other side of the collapse . 
  i 've noticed a cave enterance in the woods . 
  that 's probably where the tunnel comes out to . 
  i 'll check it out before making my way to riverwood to warn them . 
  i found an imperial and a stormcloak survivor in the cave , both of them gravely injured . 
  i poured one of my healing potions down the stormcloak 's throat , but unfortunately the imperial did n't make it . 
  i was prepared to spare a potion for him , too , but the cave was unstable and a number of large boulders fell on him before i could . 
  i do n't regret helping ralof , though . 
  i saw the imperial torture chambers searching through helgen . 
  while gruesome , it 's no worse than what the dominion used to do to captured imperials during the war . 
  probably better than what enethel and his company did to imperial prisoners during the war . 
  i 'm glad i never sunk to that sadist 's level . 
  the stormcloak , ralof , led the way to riverwood from there on . 
  considering how bad his wounds had been , it would n't have been right just letting him fend for himself the whole way . 
  he kept explaining landmarks like the guardian stones and bleak falls barrow to me , like i was some kind of foreigner . 
  it was a bit annoying i admit , but considering how exhaustion was written on his face , i was pretty sure the man had n't slept for days , so i did n't point it out or hold it against him . 
  we made it to the village a few hours before sunset . 
  ralof explained the story of ulfric 's capture and the dragon 's arrival to me , his sister gerdur and hod ( gerdur 's husband ) . 
  he also confirmed what i suspected : that he had n't slept for days . 
  i also helped faendal , one of the mill workers and a brother bosmer , with his efforts to woo camilla valerius . 
  though let 's be honest , i personally failed to see any exceptional beauty in the young imperial woman . 
  perhaps it 's simply a matter of camilla being the only eligible woman in riverwood . 
  or that i 've seen more beauties in my travels than anyone in riverwood has . 
  i took up gerdur 's offer and spend the night at their house . 
  while i 've generally sympathized with the imperials more than the rebels so far , i have to admit that ralof , gerdur and the others are good people , stormcloaks or not . 
  * 18th last seed , 4e201 *, 
  after a light nord breakfast of bread and vegetables ( i passed on the mead ) , i set out to repay gerdur 's hospitality . 
  one good turn deserves another , and it 's never a bad thing to have a loyal friend somewhere . 
  before heading out for whiterun , i had a few things to do around riverwood . 
  i sold the items looted from the bandits yesterday . 
  one of the bandits i killed also had a map pointing to a cache of some kind close to riverwood . 
  found a few valuables inside , but decided to hold off on selling them until i got to whiterun . 
  more merchants there , so i 'll be more likely to get a good price . 
  ran into a pack of wolves on the way , but thanks to quick reflexes and accurate marksmanship , they proved easy to overcome . 
  i had to convince the guards at the gate to let me into the town ; thankfully they believed me when i said i had news about helgen . 
  went up to dragonsreach after selling the meat and pelts from the wolves , and the valuables from the cache . 
  the jarl rewarded me with a decorated suit of scale armor from his armory for delivering the news . 
  he seemed to misinterpret my intentions a bit , though . 
  praised me for seeking him out on my own initiative , and thought i 'd be interested in doing some more work for him . 
  he introduced me to farengar , his court wizard , who explained that he needed an important `` dragonstone '' from the depths of bleak falls barrow . 
  though i had little interest in risking my life against traps , undead and gods know what else , i also had no intention of correcting a jarl 's assumptions and refusing his requests in his own palace . 
  so i smiled and nodded at the appropriate times and left dragonsreach . 
  i returned to my campsite around noon and spent the rest of the evening hunting , and what a lucky hunt it was . 
  first , it started raining an hour past noon . 
  then , i found a large pack of wolves chasing a deer near the lake . 
  i pursued the wolves and as the deer fell , i chased off the pack . 
  but my luck did n't stop there : the wolves fled right into a battle between some bandits and a stormcloak scouting party . 
  it took me three whole trips to get everything back to my camp . 
  by nightfall , i had five dead wolves and one dead deer worth of pelts and meat , in addition to a sharp dwarven sword , about a hundred septims plus other assorted valuables from the bandits slain by the stormcloaks . 
  unfortunately , the full set of dwarven armor worn by what i suspect was the bandit leader was just too heavy for me to get back to camp without going on a fourth trip after nightfall . 
  no sense in getting greedy . 
  dangerous beasts stalk in the forests of falkreath at night , and i do n't want to run into them . 
  * 19th last seed , 4e201 *, 
  as i woke up in the morning , i realized that there must be someone up there looking out for me , considering all the luck i had yesterday evening . 
  i 've decided to pay a visit to the shrine of talos just off the lake road . 
  thalmor agents . 
  here in skyrim . 
  calm down , derlata , start from the beginning . 
  when i got to the shrine , i was greeted by the stench of death . 
  the priests and worshippers slain by a thalmor agent , who looks like they bled to death after doing the deed . 
  thank the divines for that much justice . 
  but the orders i found in his pocket . 
  it ... it ca n't be the same ... elenwen is n't an uncommon name . 
  no , i ca n't ; wo n't try and disbelieve what i know is true . 
  i remember that handwriting . 
  i know the words written match her demeanor . 
  i feel it in my heart . 
  it is her . 
  she is here in skyrim . 
  the woman that purposely sent my company to a position she knew would be overrun . 
  i feel something has changed in my heart . 
  something that has been holding me back has been broken . 
  for the first time in my life , i feel alive . 
  there 's a new purpose burning in me , driving me forward . 
  i will see that racist hag dead . 
  i will need practice . 
  training .
