  i decidedly do not miss the clusterfuck that was the oob system for hoi 3 . 
  it was a massive chore you had to do every time you started a new game . 
  it was impossible to have a good overview of your army once it got large enough . 
  in particular , to see at a glance if any corps or armies had lost divisions that needed to be replaced . 
  the devs are already working to have convoy system fixes in the next patch . 
  completely agree that air zones outside europe need to be broken up further . 
  or alternatively , coverage needs to be overhauled , so there 's actually a benefit to having, 
  having to use the battle plan system is n't flawed in itself . 
  it would n't be so bad , if we could manually disable ai-movement for specific armies . 
  even with the game as-is , you still get the attack bonus if you do n't activate the battleplan and move/attack manually , but as pockets form , the ai starts doing stupid shit with troop redeployment to cover the front lines . 
  i think requiring the battleplan system for the planning bonus would be pretty good , if we could turn on full micro for a breakthrough army , but still rely on the battleplan ai of an infantry army to fill the gaps . 
  plus , being forced to use it would help with making espionage features more useful , once they get added to the game . 
  the issues with peace conferences are largely because ai is still crap and does n't know what to do with it . 
  there are already mods out there that prevent the ai from doing really retarded shit in peace conferences . 
  the only really `` broken '' component of peace conferences is the war-score calculation . 
  namely : you do n't get any war contribution from encircling and destroying enemy divisions . 
  only from strategic bombing , province occupation and * losing your own manpower * . 
  judging by the twitter responses , the ctr shills are back from their labor day weekend break . 
  #but they still do n't get trump ca n't be stumped !, 
  around the same time as agriculture . 
  the change to monogamy was because men became the reliable food providers of the family unit . 
  it was against their evolutionary ( and therefore instinctual ) interests to be forced to provide for children that they were n't certain were theirs . 
  before agriculture , the reliable food providers were women doing the foraging , while men were hunters . 
  in hunter-gatherer societies , it was common to women to have multiple `` husbands '' . 
  the ship is an important part of the rt adventure , along with space combat , so it 's important not to neglect that part of the campaign . 
  however , the characters are also expected to be present in person for a great many tasks . 
  sure , many day-to-day tasks can be delegated to npcs . 
  you 'll appoint npc administrators for mining outposts and colonies . 
  but the loyalty of those npcs is ensured by the knowledge that the boss can and actually does check in from time to time , and inspect the situation personally . 
  if the players rely heavily on delegation without ever checking in , it 's a given that corruption starts seeping in . 
  not chaos corruption , but the regular kind : bribery , theft through accounting , selling stuff to the players ' rivals under the table etc. 
  heck , it might even end with the players ' supposed underlings using the rt ship to smuggle crap like illegal xenos artifacts . 
  after all , the players do n't * really * know what 's in all those containers unless they inspect them personally . 
  likewise , there are places where the player characters are expected to be in person . 
  a planetary governor would be gravely insulted , if the rogue trader thought the governor is so unimportant that sending a random minion to negotiate on the trader 's behalf is acceptable . 
  which might involve attending a larger high-society gathering . 
  or , for instance , when the ship is exploring dark age ruins , the players would want to be present to get first dibs on any interesting technology , instead of letting the npc tech priests take everything for themselves in the name of the mechanicus . 
  right , here 's a [ blog post ] ( https://eev.ee/blog/2012/04/09/php-a-fractal-of-bad-design/ ) that i think pretty accurately describes why php is a badly designed language . 
  admittedly , it 's gotten better , but i do n't think its ' systemic faults are fixable . 
  it 's better to let the language become a legacy tool and replace it with something new . 
  i think you mean the mormons ? 
  amish do n't practice polygamy , as far as i 'm aware . 
  in any case , modern-day polygamy is a further extension of the original shift : a successful man is able to provide for multiple women . 
  ultimately , women throughout history have rarely needed to compete for mates to have one at all . 
  nor have they ever had the issue of being tricked into providing for children that are n't theirs . 
  the purpose of matriarchal polygamy in hunter-gatherer societies was to obfuscate which of the men were the parents of the children . 
  since the men did n't know which children were theirs , their optimal solution was to cooperate and share their hunting catches with the rest of the family unit , even if many of the children were not theirs . 
  in monogamy , the idea is that the man wants to know which children are his , and provides for both his wife and all her children in exchange for a `` guarantee '' that he wo n't have to provide for children that do n't propagate his genetics . 
  in patriarchal polygamy ( i.e , mormons , islam ) , the idea is that the man is capable of providing for more than one wife and all their children . 
  the guarantee of all children being his remains . 
  for the woman , it does n't actually matter from an evolutionary standpoint if the man is providing for children of other women , as long as the man is still coming through on the providing part . 
  her own genetics are still being propagated through her own children . 
  aa units can be lend-leased to allies ? 
  and they are quite useful in china and the eastern parts of the onion , where the air regions are so huge it 's difficult to get high coverage . 
  this is the point where i have to warn this stuff is not really my field at all . 
  from a purely biological/evolutionary perspective , patriarchal polygamy is the most optimal reproductive group . 
  the only question is if the patriarch is actually capable of providing for the unit . 
  except , unless you believe humans have no other purpose in life than to fulfill evolutionary reproductive goals , there are also moral and ethical concerns at work here . 
  which are a minefield of triggers and controversy that i am not touching with a 10-foot pole . 
  thank the sjws for shutting down calm discussion . 
  probably ruby 2.4 , once it gets released . 
  of course , only if 2.4 is actually an improvement over 2.3 . 
  python until then , or if ruby is not optimal for some reason . 
  it also has enough piercing and hard attack to deal with most armor units the ai will throw at you . 
  afaik , none of the ai nations besides germany ever use heavy tanks besides the waste of resources that is the 1936 interwar tank . 
  equipment can only affect the stats of the friendly unit . 
  the underlying mechanics of modifiers ( like the air superioirty and entrenchment bonuses ) are hardcoded . 
  you can change some of the values in defines.lua , but you ca n't change the mechanics themselves . 
  at most , you can increase the amount of fort attack your equipment provides , but that only works against provinces with forts , not regular unit entrenchment . 
  the different nations ' ai scripts are weighted to prefer certain units and doctrines . 
  and like i said , i 'm pretty sure ai germany is the only ai weighted to ever research heavy tanks . 
  some nations like the onion have the 1936 ht model researched from the beginning , so they might produce it and add ht units into their divisions , but it 's very unlikely to ever research more advanced heavy tanks . 
  edit : unless we 're talking about the very late game , where nations start running out of tech to research . 
  sots2 uses irc for in-game global chat . 
  you can join the channel with a regular irc client as well , but i ca n't recall the server or channel off the top of my head . 
  it 's been a while since i 've played sots myself , though . 
  if this is the irc channel that you ca n't log into anymore , then you 're probably out of luck . 
  not even official channels are fully safe from bitrot . 
  and unfortunately , i do n't have any old zip or rar files with mods i could share with you . 
  i just do my own tweaking and modding when i get the sots bug . 
  edit : yep . 
  the official irc channel is down . 
  less the fury and more the despair and darkness . 
  but / u/pondpuod is right : estonia is about as far north as the southern parts of alaska . 
  that 's the thing about trump : he 's breaking this paradigm . 
  many people who would never have voted republican are considering it in this election for the first time . 
  for instance , bernie supporters who have realized he was rigged out of the democrat nomination from the very start . 
  or trump 's unprecedented republican bump among black voters after his economy speeches . 
  i 'd say it 's gone from three even thirds to 25-25 with a 50 % of battleground voters . 
  the secret service do not touch their charge unless it 's critical to protecting them . 
  there have also been leaks that clinton is downright abusive toward her detail . 
  she would n't let any average agent touch her . 
  i 've found that elf shaman aiming to max out charisma is an interesting and challenging build to pursue . 
  it 's quite hard to resist the temptation to go just a tiny bit into dexterity and firearms for basic damage output in the early game . 
  but it must be resisted , because the karma investment into firearms becomes dead weight in the late-game , and prevents you from having the top shaman spells . 
  not to mention the nuyen cost of buying high-tier summoning consumables directly competes with upgrading your gun . 
  probably , yes . 
  your face would have been seen when you were posing as the gourmet when you killed the emperor 's double . 
  the patton is fast enough that it does n't stop instantly , and too slow to quickly reverse . 
  his mistake was turning in toward the arty , instead of turning side-on to get out of the firing arc .
