  tyranid warp powers are still warp powers , and thus susceptible to disruption by blanks . 
  i recommend you look up the deathwatch rules for what happens to lesser tyranids when the synapse connection is severed and figure out what 's appropriate for a blank 's aura disrupting the synapse in a limited range . 
  it 's bad , but it does n't make him worse than bill clinton , whose rapes hillary helped cover up by intimidating and discrediting the women accusing bill . 
  wait , so retention also affects the efficiency floor for new production lines ? 
  it does n't just come into play when you 're switching over existing lines ? 
  even if hillary did not commit the crimes personally , she was still complicit in the cover-up . 
  not to mention the countless corruption crimes she 's committed on her own . 
  by and large , the dems have given bill a free pass for worse things than trump is being accused of . 
  the hypocritical fucks have no moral high ground from which to condemn trump . 
  i suggest you read [ this opinion piece ] ( https://pjmedia.com/blog/america-you-have-no-right-to-judge-donald-trump/?singlepage=true ) , with which i agree 100 % . 
  huh . 
  so they must have changed it since i last examined dispersed in detail . 
  well good to know dispersed is finally a valid choice . 
  this . 
  it was n't as if they had some kind of monday morning deadline and hundreds of other documents they needed to draft . 
  they had absolutely no reason to rush things with writing the constitution . 
  not to mention actually signing the thing was by no means just a formality . 
  the signatories would undoubtedly hang for treason if they lost the war , so everyone signing would want to be sure they were satisfied with every little thing in a document they were risking their lives with by signing . 
  what i found the most exciting about tftd was its ' multi-stage missions . 
  the cruise ship terror missions were absolutely terrifying . 
  tftd made a lot of amazing improvements over the original , even if it was the same engine . 
  the gauss rifle did have auto-fire , the heavy gauss did n't . 
  it was just a stopgap , not something that remained viable into the endgame even after you researched the alien guns . 
  the infinite ammo of ufo lasers was absolutely op balance-wise . 
  innocence is irrelevant . 
  if they admins want to they can ban/quarantine the_donald on a whim . 
  the only thing holding them off is n't our innocence . 
  it 's that we 'd swarm other subreddits faster than their shillmods and bots can keep up . 
  is this just an in-joke that i 'm not getting because i 'm too much of a scrub , or is this legitimate criticism of some kind ? 
  i find it 's a pretty good thing that characters eventually plateau and that you ca n't build a character who can do literally everything . 
  yes , my bad . 
  i was n't confusing the documents , but i was somehow under the impression that the constitution was written during the war as well . 
  pretty much anything from the world of darkness universe . 
  the cainite vampires can probably outright corrupt apostles by siring them . 
  the mages can basically ascend to godhood on their own power , without ever being apostles or beholden to any falmartian god . 
  not to mention the mages have the magic and artifacts to actually wound or even kill fully ascended gods and spirits . 
  heck , wod mages can actually create life , which is something even the falmart gods are n't capable of ( hence why they open portals to other worlds ) . 
  once the alnus portal opens into wod , it 's game over for the falmart gods . 
  just weep and bear witness to the end of their established order . 
  if faithless electors are banned and the vote is proportional , why keep the electoral college as middle-men ? 
  why not just sum the votes nationwide ? 
  okay , the part about europe is a bit misleading . 
  it 's not really so much a bunch of simultaneous local elections as it is the parliament appointing the head of state after . 
  local elections in europe are still a separate thing from parliamentary elections . 
  i do n't know enough about how the election of congress representatives works in the us to draw parallels , though . 
  the part about sparsely populated areas rings true though . 
  i know from experience that such voting districts tend to be low-priority in certain european countries , because there 's too little for parties to gain in parliament seats to be worth competing over these districts . 
  i know next to nothing about the werewolf plotline , so i did n't comment . 
  unfortunately not possible . 
  the ruling ideology must be specified at start . 
  however , it 's possible to create four events ( one for each ideology ) that randomly changes the ideology of the nation depending on which event fires first . 
  it is . 
  and it looks like it was generated through google translate , since gt does n't butcher it when translating back to english . 
  that 's ... actually a pretty nice piece of insight you got there . 
  they look at their own `` grassroots '' support groups , and assume all the other `` average '' people are just as dumb as [ this ] ( https://i.sli.mg/i9hhrw.jpg ) ~ ~ lady ~ ~ ~ ~ woman ~ ~ female . 
  ah , so it was a matter of the foolish notion that a strong , manly duelist should hold their ground and let their opponent scar them , instead of dodging blows fully . 
  i do recall reading how that attitude was supposedly a common thing in the dueling circles of the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  since the french had a different opinion on what makes a duelist competent , they got a reputation of being cowardly among their detractors . 
  that makes some amount of sense , then . 
  they probably did n't miss it . 
  consider this : the system we see now produces the smallest amount of silly results out of the variations they put together and tested . 
  sure , it 's easy to think of hundreds of ways to improve the wt system , and most of these `` improvements '' would probably result in even more edge-case silliness or exploits . 
  despite my other comments about improvement , here 's my thought on this : any war in which only the original justification goals are taken should reduce world tension . 
  a defender victory with white peace should reduce wt even more . 
  to compensate , really big justifications ( like puppet all of germany ) should dramatically increase wt when the justification itself is finished , whether it 's generated by focus or diplomacy . 
  peace conferences should also result in a `` peace treaty '' between each of the participating sides , preventing them from going to war with each other for the rest of the game ( unless forced to war by faction calls ) . 
  basically , if you do n't puppet/full-annex an enemy , you get an unbreakable super-nap with them . 
  the current biggest silliness is the way the end of the spanish civil war increases wt by something like 25 % . 
   fix one , eurocentrism, 
  first : not quite right . 
  america did care about japan 's warmongering enough to embargo them , and european nations * were * concerned about their far-east colonies because of japan 's aggression . 
  second : how would you implement this in a way that would n't screw over conversion modding ? 
  trying to create any kind of established sci-fi world setting with established empires in a fixed galaxy layout . 
  there 's only default empire and advanced empire starts ( plus fallen empire , but that 's special ) , and both types must follow their strict formula . 
  you ca n't really create individual starts . 
  i 'm not sure about the empire size , but the aztecs ( and the inca , iirc ) will have the high american tech group which is equivalent to the western tech group . 
  that tech group is unavailable outside of converting a sunset invasion ck2 save . 
  i 'm fairly certain something will change with rights of man , though , since tech groups are getting replaced by the institutions system . 
  only for agriculture , if at all . 
  probably not , though . 
  trump 's cabinet is going to have enough establishment resistance when he 's rooting out corrupt career politicians in unelected positions . 
  comey and lynch are just the tip of the igeberg ; i suspect there 's entrenched democrats at the top of every department . 
  i think it would be detrimental for his presidency to have a subordinate as dissident as stein would be . 
  while she 's anti-hillary , her views are still very different from trump 's . 
  huh . 
  then i guess i must be missing something . 
  trying to get a wh40k scenario to work did n't turn out too well for me and i abandoned the idea . 
  sorry , but it sounds like you 're going to have to deal with getting injured on previous missions and skip the retaliation . 
  still , the campaign will be all the more satisfying when you win despite setbacks . 
  i totally can see a standard male sjw hypocrite writing something like this . 
  the blades ( used to be ) the emperor 's personal bodyguard as well as a secret police/intelligence network of sorts . 
  the blades are definitely pro-empire . 
  stormcloak . 
  though it falls outside the scope of the actual game itself , it is definitely my headcanon that after all the alduin , vampire and miraak bullshit is dealt with , the dragonborn proceeds to kick ulfric off the throne . 
  probably by showing up to the moot with the thalmor dossier on ulfric , revealing how his supposed `` rebellion '' was instigated by the thalmor in the first place . 
  and then he proceeds to suggest himself for the position of high king , because he 's the fucking dragonborn that killed alduin and anyone who says no is getting shouted off the castle . 
  edit : since it 's been a while since i played through the imperial side , i forgot the part that really clinched it for me . 
  the sheer amount of imperialistic arrogance among the imperials . 
  their dismissive attitude and utter lack of respect toward nord culture and traditions is downright offensive . 
  especially considering how nord culture and traditions are the oldest in all tamriel , as all races and cultures of men are ultimately descended from ysgramor and his comapanions .
