  i 'm not sure . 
  again , probably more broken than usual because british puppet . 
  yep . 
  modding the world to create a whole new map is going to be the first big hurdle of this . 
  it 's not really that complicated , it 's just time consuming and involves a lot of manual data entry . 
  plus actually drawing the textures and creating the elevation map . 
  though honestly , given the ... complexity of character and faction relations of gate , i think ck2 might be the better game for this . 
  i recommend you also check out elder kings for inspiration . 
  while still mildly amusing , this is actually a known bug and everyone posting it is beginning to get old . 
  for some reason , not all ships involved in a naval battle are displayed properly . 
  britain said no to studetenland demand . 
  surprisingly , it 's not that different . 
  rusting requires water and oxygen , salt only accelerates the process . 
  once the mines sink below the surface , they stop being exposed to the oxygen in the air . 
  since the only oxygen they 're now exposed to is what 's dissolved in the water , they rust much slower than you 'd think . 
  the shell of these mines is also fairly thick , so there 's going to be a layer of intact steel beneath the layer of rust on the surface . 
  at that point , the rusting slows down even further , since the water-dissolved air needs to slip through a layer of inert rust to make contact with the steel underneath . 
  i recall playing a windows clone of this game . 
  probably win95 or 98 . 
  well , i 'm guessing the hacked emails which suggested obama is planning to incite mass civil unrest and declare martial law before elections can happen might actually be real . 
  except a province with a level 1 fort looks no different than a province with a level 10 fort . 
  probably xvm . 
  of course , that feature is disabled by default and you need to edit the configs of the mod to enable it . 
  did the shooters have legally obtained guns ? 
  because if they did n't , then lax gun laws are n't the problem . 
  if putin decides he needs another quick and victorious war to look like a stronk leader ( thereby preventing his generals and oligarchs from stabbing him in the back ) , estonia might not exist for much longer . 
  yep . 
  collectivism is a wider concept . 
  fascism and communism are both collectivist ideologies , whereas capitalism is a distinctly individualist ideology . 
  as far as i can tell , pdx has only created cores for countries that actually became independent before the end date ( hence why israel 's cores exist , but ukraine 's and indonesia 's do n't ) . 
  is n't a core tenet of communism that a proletariat worker 's self-realization manifests in them working for the benefit of a collective that includes them , according to their ability ; while having their needs provided for by other segments of the collective ? 
  only if they know where to aim . 
  the ferdi meta seems to come in cycles . 
  the ferdi is bad , because everyone knows where to shoot it . 
  people stop playing it , others stop seeing it in battle and slowly people forget where to shoot it . 
  and then it gets good again because surprisingly strong frontal armor if people are n't aiming for the weakspots . 
  hmm ... 
  it 's possible to deploy divisions that are trained up to 20 % , which implies a division only needs 20 % of equipment and manpower to be deployed . 
  a lot of those divisions ( even if they are only 1 infantry ) are probably understrength . 
  these days , the paradox account can also be linked with your steam account for the convenience of automatically registering the games you buy on steam . 
   and its individuals can not flourish without the support of the collective . 
  which is exactly why communism is a collectivist ideology . 
  individuals also exist in fascism , and they are expected to self-actualize through serving the will of the state . 
   without the support of some kind of collective , individuals will always be barbarians . 
  believing this does , indeed , make you an ideological collectivist . 
  \\* twitch \\* that 's a strange way to call stormtroopers of the imperial guard . 
  \\* twitch \\*, 
  nice paintwork , though . 
  did the discs you bought at wal-mart include the dlcs ? 
  if yes , then deathinitive edition probably is n't worth it . 
  if not , you probably should get the deathinitive release . 
  the extra content really adds a lot to the game . 
  and it really helps with the tedium of going through the incremental , samey upgrades you get in the early game , where loot is n't all that varied . 
  he was n't a ` kid ' . 
  he was a man in his 50s . 
  did n't make a good enough martyr for the media to make a show out of the case . 
  while / u/polarisdelta is being a bag of dicks , he does have a point . 
  i 've seen enough high tier games to know that top tier purples are perfectly capable of just camping corners or ridges and waiting for someone else to absorb the damage . 
  and surprisingly , the yellow/greens on the opposite side manage to put on their man-pants first and successfully rush them ; or break through on the other flank and encircle the campy unicums . 
  calculated aggression does often boil down to getting into a good position and then camping while the team dies around you . 
  yay !, 
  10-minute queues for purples . 
  just sub in players from lower skill levels ? 
  yay !, 
  it 's going to be so fun being the unlucky yellow or green in a dominantly purple-blue match . 
  also a tank that will never be in wot . 
  if anything , it might be added into that modern tank game . 
  xp grind through afking ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the situation i described was several unicums each waiting for one of their fellow unicums to absorb the damage , until they get rushed by the enemy . 
  a lot of stuff has also changed for the worse . 
  the grind is more frustrating than ever before , because void tables are completely saturated with fusion cores and forma . 
  and the player is the poor sod stuck with being their minder . 
  out of curiosity , what were the commands used ? 
  i might try this out myself sometime . 
  what , you gave it a perfect score and you 're saying you 'd reroll it ? 
  the problem i have with this is simple : if torturing terrorists is allowed , who gets to decide who is and is n't a terrorist ? 
  some leftist politician with an agenda against conservatives ? 
  an unaccountable secret court ? 
  it 's best if torture is completely off the table in the first place . 
  it 's a pretty good time to figure out the basic game mechanics right now , since the ai tends to be pants-on-head retarded with its ' troop movements and division designs . 
  it 's very efficient at wasting land experience on divisions that are suboptimal , and then waste even more to randomly redesign them . 
  not lucky . 
  the event is guaranteed if britain challenges the czechoslovakian annexations . 
  expanding on this idea , i 'd love to see the possibility for a `` minority '' species to subvert an empire and become its ' leading species . 
  and possibly then bar the majority from leadership with policy changes . 
  well sure , the majority would revolt and it would be a serious internal crisis for an empire . 
  but it should still be a potential scenario that the player can get , if they extend leadership rights to alien pops , especially alien pops with ethics that oppose the original empire . 
  only if it 's a non-pen hit . 
  he pens do n't have this restriction . 
  generally , the best place to spend free xp is to unlock better guns . 
  or turrets , for some tanks that have really bad stock turrets . 
  or engines , for tanks that rely on speed . 
  do not spend free xp on unlocking the next vehicle . 
  grind that out with regular xp . 
  if you really want to skip a tier , then save up for skipping tier 4 . 
  tier 4 tanks have really low survivability , and there are a lot of really good tier 5 and 6 tanks that they can meet . 
  it was the same with the tiger ii in the german tree . 
  wg deliberately makes the tier 8 non-premiums a horrible , painful grind , so the tier 9 and 10 feel better to play in comparison . 
  apparently this is caused by reddit forcing all outgoing links to use https .
