  i think the artist may have used a picture from the independence war ( 1918-20 ) as the reference . 
  fifteen years at the very top of a country 's politics , most of it in depression-era upheaval , really did a number on him , historically . 
  you know you can turn on the dlc for old saves from previous versions , right ? 
  that you do n't have to start a new game ? 
  the fed massively printing money during obama 's two terms had seemingly no significant impact on inflation . 
  this is because ever since the stagflation crisis of the 1970s , the global financial system and policies in place in all the countries are designed to avoid inflation at all costs to prevent an inflation spiral from happening again . 
  i recommend you listen to the lectures and interviews made by mark blyth on youtube . 
  they 're really quite informative . 
  even if he 's definitely a wealthy liberal elite that sees trump and brexit as total disasters , he 's definitely not wrong about the economic part of the political equation that led to this timeline . 
  here 's one of [ my favorite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy2pv3bt_jm ) lectures of his . 
  [ here 's some evidence , then ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsvlpzgsexw ), 
  in other words , you think it 's fair and just to impose a mandatory health-care tax on young , healthy people , who are already struggling to invest in their future , to keep down the healthcare costs for older generations with more healthcare expenses . 
  an insurance mandate helps everyone , technically , but it helps the elderly and the sickly disproportionately more than it helps the young and the healthy that pay into it . 
  and currently the young and healthy are [ already struggling ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/personal-banking/savings/for-gods-sake-young-people-would-love-to-save-money--they-just-d/ ) to make do . 
  the admins only care insofar as it gives them an excuse to shut down opinions they do n't like . 
  as dm i 'd allow them to rp an attempt , and tell them not to bother rolling . 
  though admittedly , i think letting them make a roll so as to not take away the illusion that they have a chance is a completely valid solution as well . 
  for a common example , players insisting on search/perception checks even if you know there 's nothing for them to actually find . 
  if you do n't want to spoil their immersion by flat out saying there 's nothing to find , you let them roll and just ignore the result . 
  nah that 'd be pacifist xenophiles . 
  the situation was somewhat more nuanced than what people have already suggested about hitler 's supposed lack of logic . 
  a big part of the holocaust was confiscating the wealth of the minorities being exterminated . 
  not only the factories owned by non-aryan industry tycoons and precious metals from jewlery ( which could be melted down and used as currency trading with neutral nations ) , but also less obvious things like scrap metal from privately owned cars or civilian trucks that could be re-purposed by the military . 
  another part , often overlooked , was `` extermination by forced labor '' . 
  these confiscated resources directly fed the german war industry , that required the holocaust to be carried out with increasing intensity as the war grew more desperate . 
  in addition , many non-aryan ( but still white ) populations actually were being spared during the war on pragmatic considerations , with plans to exterminate them afterwards ( most notably the indigenous baltic populations ) . 
  even a few jewish collaborators were exempted from the holocaust due to their usefulness and loyalty to the nazi party . 
  like many hideous ideologies , national socialism was ultimately an excuse to justify forcefully redistributing wealth in a way that benefited their own in-group elite , while stripping away the elite status of out-group elites . 
  one-man company working out of their own home . 
  i 've got not one , but two static ips on my nominally residential connection . 
  ( the ip package is grandfathered in from a. . . less restricted time ; the isp does n't actually offer it to new customers anymore ), 
   so , which do you think would be best ? 
  either way , wg loses revenue , and they would never do that . 
  wot blitz actually has done the first option : reduced damage for premium ammo . 
  so clearly , wg is fundamentally capable of doing the first option . 
  the part that makes it fake is where obama likely had such `` not reportable '' scheduling meetings too , and the media did n't consider it newsworthy , much less an actual scandal . 
  the cap of `` ten points worth of airfields per state '' would be difficult too , i think . 
  let 's be honest : if access was a fundamental press right , the wh would be constitutionally obligated to provide access to every local paper and crackpot conspiracy blog that wanted access , and handle the logistics for it . 
  it 's just not feasible , and perhaps the current hysterical propaganda outlets we call `` mainstream press '' these days learns a lesson about honest and neutral reporting from being on the receiving end of these restrictions for once . 
  it 's not actually the carriers being op , though . 
  it 's the screen ships being impossible to hit by capital ships , and capital ships being unable to retarget when enemy capital ships come in range . 
  `` evasion '' defines both ability to evade surface attacks , as well as accuracy against nimble targets , which is a completely demented , impossible-to-balance approach . 
  if a ship has high evasion , they hit everything while being impossible to hit themselves . 
  if a ship has low evasion , they are not only easy to hit , but also completely incapable of hitting high-evasion targets . 
  basically , whichever fleet runs out of screens first , loses , because capital ships aside from carriers ca n't hit screens even at `` close '' range , where historically screens would get wrecked by secondary guns . 
  and then , once the screens are dead , the capital ships are helpless : even if there are no enemy capital ships , the screen-less capital ships just get smashed by scratch damage until they disengage . 
  the trick is having at least a slight angle , so the fire cone spreads around cover , rather than being blocked . 
  what is your tech supposed to do ? 
  add a ship component ? 
  a building ? 
  if it 's only adding an empire or a pop modifier , that file is all you should need . 
  well , now there 's a big interstate commerce case waiting to happen . 
  just needs someone with the standing and the balls to challenge it . 
  i would n't say they 're uniquely deserving of sympathy , but they deserve at least as much attention as other oppressed minorities . 
  instead , the corporate news media systemically ignores or downplays their plight because they 're a white minority oppressed by a black government . 
  well ... 
  i suppose blindly hitting deny to every prompt is a slightly less horrible habit than blindly hitting accept to every prompt . 
  no , there is n't . 
  the `` evidence '' of russian `` fingerprints '' on the dnc hack was a ) provided not by fbi or other law enforcement agencies ( who have never examined the hacked servers ) , but by a private corporation that the dnc `` trusted enough '' to allow access to their servers and b ) the fingerprints in question were revealed by vault7 leaks to be among those that nsa and cia can flawlessly fake at will . 
  their land , and the food they produce on that land , is being constantly confiscated and given to black supporters of the government . 
  the president of their own country is demanding they hand it all over or they will be slaughtered , and the south african military has participated in killing them , though not through air bombing . 
  your implication that us bombing is somehow `` worse '' than being killed by other governments or terrorist groups , or weapons other than bombs is absolutely nonsensical . 
  the south african whites are being ethnically cleansed and actively targeted by violence on basis of their race , in an otherwise peaceful country . 
  as opposed to being unintended collateral damage in what is already a war against a violent terrorist group . 
  say what you will , but targeted genocide against an ethnic group is unquestionably worse that collateral civilian casualties . 
  if you 're going to claim it 's not , then you 'd be effectively saying allied air bombing of nazi german cities was a worse crime than the holocaust or soviet ethnic purges in eastern europe . 
  terrorists , for all their reasons and excuses , are fully intelligent human beings , capable of bearing the full responsibility of their actions . 
  christians are persecuted in many places of the world , such as the middle east and china , yet those countries do not become targets of christian terrorists on such a scale that the authorities just submissively accept terror attacks as part and parcel of living in those countries . 
  islam is a hateful ideology that has been tolerated for too long , in the hopes of some moderate reformation just miraculously happening . 
  if the us and its ' allies are attacked by terrorist groups , we 're within our rights to retaliate , rather than self-destructively taking responsibility for the crimes of others . 
  as if the `` poor browns '' were not capable of recognizing their actions as evil , or capable of bearing the consequences of tolerating the hateful branches of islam in their society alongside the moderate and peaceful segments . 
  though in truth , having studied islamic theology i no longer believe such peaceful and moderate segments exist , or have ever existed . 
  a core tenet of their faith is that all places in the world where islam rules is the house of peace , while the infidel world is the house or war that must be made to submit to islam in order for it to become peaceful . 
  that is what the `` religion of peace '' really stands for : `` there can only be peace under islamic rule and nowhere else '' . 
  the genuinely peaceful and moderate muslims are considered heretics and apostates by the mainstream of their religion . 
  really , now ? 
  [ no demanding that whites hand over land without any compensation ? 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4281088/zuma-wants-land-owned-white-occupiers-taken.html ), 
  [ no credible threats against those that refuse ? 
  ] ( http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/bury-them-alive-white-south-africans-fear-for-their-future-as-horrific-farm-attacks-escalate/news-story/3a63389a1b0066b6b0b77522c06d6476 ), 
  well , at least they 've fixed one theater where grand battle plan just utterly murdered everything : [ the famed saharan theater ] ( https://www.chapelcomic.com/43/ ) . 
  but ... but ... but why ? 
  how mind-bogglingly big is your factory that you need that monster ? 
  where are you getting this much ore from ? 
  why have you made your factory this big ? 
  nah , there are things that block the step-out , like full-tile low cover . 
  units just no longer count as blockers . 
  or at least friendly/neutral units do n't . 
  iirc soldiers ca n't step out into the tile of a hostile unit , either , but if you 've got an enemy right adjacent to a soldier , you typically want to shoot that one first , anyway . 
  well , generally a furious woman gets scorned right back . 
  sami are in finland , not sweden , ya dolt . 
  and if anyone is moving goalposts here , it 's you ( on top of your whataboutism ) . 
  if they 'd mastered it , we 'd actually believe them . 
  no , they 've just been bullshitting so long and so obsessively , they 've started believing their own deflections and devolved into such narcissism that they genuinely believe it 's always someone else 's fault if they lose . 
  they do n't get that national spirit until they actually win the civil war . 
  / u/foxman8472 was right about how spain 's faction-joining works while the civil war is still ongoing . 
   horde md not even mentioned, 
  0/10 not even once . 
  afaik , the boycott was not actually from the opposition . 
  it was by supporters of statehood , because the guy currently in charge made an election promise for requesting a legally binding referendum from congress , botched \\* actually getting that bond from congress and then went ahead with a non-binding referendum anyway just to formally fulfill his campaign promise without any substance behind it .
