  if a whistleblower took the time to filter what they give to wikileaks , then the leaks would be far longer out of date or they 'd have to quit their job to focus full-time on filtering what they hand over . 
  how on earth do you not run out of stamina after prolonged dodging ? 
  there 's up to 30 draugr in the final chamber , typically packed close enough that they aggro 3-5 at a time . 
  by dodging , i do n't mean the dodge perk . 
  running movement in combat also costs stamina . 
  but yeah , if you actually walk/stay still , then fair enough i can see how it can work . 
  somehow never works out for me . 
  if i try to stay still , the draugr just hit me before i can get out of the way . 
  and i ca n't walk in combat because of ghost key issues with my shitty keyboard . 
  mostly it 's a surprise to liberals because alaska is a deep red state which in their minds means bible-thumping wackjobs trying to ban fun . 
  right now , there 's even talk about moving military spending up to 3 % of gdp in estonia . 
  yes , those were the dormitory districts that russian colonists moved into . 
  lasnam\u00e4e was specifically built for them . 
  kopli was an older districts from which many estonians were displaced from during the second world war , similar to narva itself . 
  and like narva , estonians were n't allowed to return to kopli after the war and the district was instead repopulated with colonists brought in from russia . 
  do n't they just auto nope the first melee attack ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've managed to use a dominated archon to clear the counterattack and then follow up with a ranger . 
  estonians went to war in afghanistan and iraq over america . 
  and unlike many west-european nato allies who made sure their troops would be kept out of the dangerous areas , the estonians put no constraints on where they could be deployed . 
  which meant the estonian troops picked up the slack in the most dangerous areas where nobody but the us and britain would deploy to . 
  and really , as an american , would you rather fight with your allies , or just isolate yourself until you 're the only target left ? 
  if you abandon estonia and/or the baltics as a whole , then who can trust you 'll go to war over poland ? 
  or over turkey ? 
  or will you continue appeasement until your fellow anglos in britain are threatened ? 
  mind you , the medieval standard for adulthood was 15/16 , depending on region and time period . 
  psychic drone ( female ) . 
  so it does exist . 
  i have never seen it , but good to know it happens . 
  of the 20-something times i 've had the psychic drone event , it 's been hitting the males of the colony . 
  and this is across multiple saves . 
   look they had the first jet fighters !, 
  by one month , compared to the meteor . 
  and it took the brits half as much time to get the meteor from first flight to operation compared to the me262 . 
  the transmissions were unreliable , and you had to open up the whole front plate to replace it when it wore out after 300-500 kms of operation . 
  the front axle was overloaded on everything from the pziv onwards due to the designers trying to compensate for bad armor layout with excessive plate thickness . 
  the panther and tiger were expensive to produce for no tangible benefit . 
  looking especially at that zimmerite-finish armor , which made the armor plate almost twice as expensive to produce , but only provided protection against magnetic at grenades ... which absolutely nobody but the germans themselves used . 
  and do n't even get me started on the maus , which would have destroyed more german bridges by attempting to travel over them than allied bomber raids , if the monstrosity had ever entered production . 
  they show up irl alright ... when soros ( through proxies of course ) is paying them to show up and protest something or other . 
  but if there 's no money in it , they ca n't be arsed to do their verbal diarrhea thing outside the comfort of their ( parents ' ) house . 
  seen it on r/conspiracy already . 
  afaik , there 's no actual evidence that even * suggests * point 1 ) might true . 
  let alone anything solid . 
  and the rest is just vague conjecture on the motives and plans of russia . 
  without the first point , trump has no reason to just give russia everything they want . 
  in complex situations like yours , the best way to use cosmetic names is probably to create a silent event which triggers when the country is of a certain ideology/puppet/autonomy status and applies the cosmetic name . 
  the label is just for code readability purposes . 
  ( you should probably make sure the event only fires once , so it does n't lag the game by firing every single day as soon as america becomes a german puppet ), 
  though looking at the wiki , i ca n't figure out if autonomy level is a testable condition . 
  has_government and is_puppet_of can check for the other two conditions you wanted , though . 
  nope , there is currently no way of changing primary species , unless there 's a `` release and play as '' feature that i 've overlooked somewhere . 
  possibly because the ferocious beasts are not on the path to sentience ? 
  well , it 's highly unlikely the hats op might draw will be anywhere near the quality of the original work , for one . 
  and it 's disrespectful to boot . 
  ridiculing other people 's beliefs and history is never awesome . 
  eh , hard to say . 
  afghanistan was very much the ussr 's vietnam . 
  it was a war that they poured a lot of resources into and still ultimately lost . 
  the legitimacy of the soviet regime was very heavily propped up on the appearance of military invincibility , and then they failed to beat against goat herders living in caves . 
  as for the second point : i can only say fuck you . 
  i 'd be living under a foreign dictatorship if that shitshow had n't collapsed . 
  except trump has mocked ted cruz and other willfully obtuse people with the exact same kind of gesticulation . 
  what `` helped '' the most was that their brightest minds , the kind of people who would become their martin luthers and immanuel kants , were given the `` opportunity '' to abandon their country and be successful in the west . 
  if everyone intelligent enough to be a doctor or an engineer gets to bail out , is it any wonder the average iq of the middle east 's population goes down ? 
  and that is the sound of u/bonkbonkbonkbonk turning to * ad hominems * after running out of actual counterarguments to what u/zm34 said . 
  iirc , the pizzagate gunman was actually registered on imdb as an actor , so it 's definitely not a terrible bet to guess he was paid to act the part by someone else . 
  it is only illegal to place booby traps in such a way that they might harm emergency services . 
  in this instance , the case can be made either way and it 's up for the court to settle if the traps are illegal . 
  emergency services are n't likely to run over the signs . 
  nowhere near on the same level as the us . 
  there 's no 2a rights in estonia . 
  you can get licenses to buy guns for self defense and hunting , of course , but it 's just laws that can be changed relatively easily . 
  owning guns is n't a constitutionally enshrined right in estonia like it is in the us . 
  and if you want ar-type guns that are actually relevant from a national defense perspective , then you pretty much have to register with the estonian defense league u/strukkstar , which is more or less an equivalent of the national guard in the us . 
  so what , just cave in and back down every time russia makes outrageous demands of the baltics ? 
  how would you react if mexico threatened war unless the us grants voting rights to all illegal mexican immigrants in the us ? 
  because that is what russia has been pressing for in the baltics for illegal soviet colonists shipped over in the days of the ussr . 
  why not just surrender alaska or the west coast to russia then ? 
  it would be great if they were more powerful and able to compete with china . 
  also , baltic people like me voting to reunite with russia ? 
  only if there are russian soldiers present to stuff the ballots and kick anyone who might vote no out of the voting station . 
  you 're crazy if you think the baltics want war . 
  all we want , is for russia to respect our decision not to be a part of their country . 
  but if given the choice between war and a return to russian occupation , then we 'll choose war even without us aid . 
  cowardly politicians trying to save their own skin surrendered our country to russian terror without a single shot in ' 39 . 
  never again . 
  of course . 
  once russian soldiers were there to `` secure '' the referendum , they voted for re-joining russia . 
  not to mention the only option on the ballot were `` join russia '' and `` greater autonomy within ukraine '' . 
  `` i like things how they are now '' was n't even on the ballot . 
  the crimean referendum was as legitimate as the estonian referendums in 1939 , where 98 % of something like 2000 soviet soldiers voted on behalf of the estonian population to join stalin 's ussr . 
  probably because estonian villages as administrative divisions do not have official flags . 
  this guy just made something up to farm karma from estonia 's meme status in r/vexillology, 
  it was a while ago , at least . 
  a big part of it is the modern idolization of equality . 
  the ussr might be dead , but the ideals of marxism and socialism are still very much alive . 
  even if modern marxists have spent decades playing around with terminology and rebranding themselves to distance their ideology from the atrocities of communist dictatorships , sjws are as fervently marxist as the communist party of the ussr was during the cold war . 
  the reason why carlyle 's theory is shunned is because it contradicts the `` greatness '' of equality extolled by modern marxists . 
  carlyle 's theory suggests either that some people are born with greater talent than others ( making total equality impossible ) or it suggests that exploiting social conditions to propel oneself to greatness is not something that should be shunned , suppressed and punished by society . 
  i do understand that russian colonists settled into the region by displacing and suppressing its ' indigenous population ( the crimean tatars ) might want to rejoin their motherland .
