  here 's an idea , then : the ai does n't get these technologies . 
  they get an early tech that restores them to vanilla rules . 
  meh , they 're both pirate taxi companies pretending to be `` ride sharing '' . 
  and arty has been removed outright in the latest aw patch , so this is a moot point anyway . 
  aw had the balls to admit arty was a mistake and cut it out , which is something that will never happen in wot because of all the time and money people have invested into it already . 
  it 's not gambling in the legal sense as long as you 're not getting actual money back . 
  it looks like in this timeline , wwi never happened , which probably means there was no precedent for an american intervention in europe . 
  here are some of my thoughts : america could be deeply isolationist , which could make construction of military factories slower without impacting dockyards or civilian factories . 
  unless the americas are directly attacked by european powers and the monroe doctrine is invoked . 
  potentially japan could have focuses to seek an alliance with america to protect against russian influence in the pacific , and a `` reclaim alaska '' focus for russia that can put it into conflict with america . 
  the biggest issue with this mod is that russia could turn out to be too powerful . 
  in vanilla , every major has some notable flaw . 
  america is very gated by wt . 
  germany lacks resources once it goes to war with allies . 
  russia is a bit lacking in factories and at risk of civil war . 
  great britain has a lot of spread-out fronts to cover and ca n't easily redeploy between them . 
  this balance of vulnerabilities should probably still exist in the mod . 
  could be the difference in angle between the two guns that makes the two look similar at a glance . 
  but yeah , the leo 2 's gun is definitely higher caliber . 
  or from people who are pissed about modern `` liberals '' lamenting the passing of mass-murders like castro , who did much worse to their own countrymen than things like the internment of japanese americans . 
  since when has pointing out hypocrisy become an insult ? 
  they also enslaved most of eastern europe in the process of `` liberation '' . 
  and sent thousands of people incl . 
  children to die in siberia for being `` fascist '' . 
  the russians won that war because the nazis could n't match their cruelty in the pursuit to victory . 
  if stalin was responsible for the horrible atrocities , he 's also responsible for the policies that led russia to victory . 
  if the russian people are responsible for the victory over the nazis , then they also share in the guilt of the atrocities . 
  you ca n't scapegoat away the atrocities without also letting go of the accolades of the victory . 
  and are you seriously comparing mccarthyism with executions and prison labor ? 
  let me put something into perspective for you : the nazis did not deny their crimes . 
  they believed they were doing the right thing , twisted as that was . 
  the communists ? 
  their countless mass murders in eastern europe were being covered up and blamed on fascists from day one . 
  entire villages sanctioned when mass graves were accidentally discovered . 
  they knew what they were doing was evil and wrong ; a crime that needed to be hidden from the people . 
  and they did it anyway . 
  the argument remains : either the russian people have a historical connection to that past and are responsible for both the atrocities and the victory , or the soviets are responsible for both and the current russian people have no connection to take credit for the victory . 
  no , of course the nazis ' twisted belief that what they were doing was right did n't make it ok . 
  the the evil of the nazis does not justify soviet soldiers raping and murdering german women , as they were instructed to by soviet propaganda in the final stages of the war . 
  nor does it justify deportation of thousands of civilians , including children under the age of 12 to siberia in cattle cars under the `` they 're fascist kulaks '' excuse . 
  nor does it excuse identical reprisals by the nkvd if guerillas in eastern europe harmed soviet troops . 
  as for eradication of races and cultures : [ this is the fate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_extinct_indigenous_peoples_of_russia ) of minorities under russian rule . 
  slowly strangled to death by russification and the land being settled by colonists from russia . 
  the only meaningful difference from the nazis ' solution is the speed at which the targeted ethnicity or culture dies . 
  the outcome for the minority is the same . 
  but fair enough , if you 'll let it be , then this will be the last from me as well . 
  initializing it like that is possible , but it prevents the countries in civil war from correctly merging back together like they do in the spanish civil war . 
  creating two separate countries and making them be at war from the start date like the italian-ethiopian war means that even after losing the civil war , cores of the losing side will exist in the country . 
  and the losing side in the civil war may show up in the ledgers as an exiled country , instead of disappearing completely , though i 'm not quite sure how the ledgers work with cleaning up defunct countries ( it might have to do with factions , instead of actual tag status ) . 
  when it comes to hillary 's e-mails , the fbi claims that [ at least five ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/03/sources-99-percent-chance-foreign-intel-agencies-breached-clinton-server.html ) foreign intel agencies hacked the private server . 
  and this is n't `` secret report '' from an `` anonymous source '' , but an official , public report by fbi representatives . 
  i could totally see a hoi4 mod for gate . 
  other than the task of creating a map mesh for falmart , it would n't even be much harder than a fallout mod ( which already exists ) . 
  only after the chancellor engineered a civil war and had his protege leading the `` opposing side '' to gain emergency powers and make the creation of the empire seem reasonable . 
  and / u/thrguillir was never heard from again . 
  i 'm pretty sure the 10 % reliability is actually the most important one . 
  the sooner you can push over the 100 % reliability threshold , the sooner you stop losing tanks to attrition . 
  it 's not as relevant in combat , sure , but it means you 'll never face dangerous equipment shortages for tank divisions unless something really bad happens , like huge encirclements . 
  the ai does put reserves on vp provinces so you do n't get bullshit like paradropping into london and a bunch of other vp provinces and having britain immediately capitulating . 
  blame daniel . 
  hate to rain on the parade , but the electoral college has n't actually done it 's job just yet . 
  we ca n't let our energy decline 'till the god emperor is actually sworn in . 
  seven more days , centipedes . 
  as a minor with limited manpower , using tanks for everything is often a necessity . 
  tanks give the most soft attack and breakthrough for their manpower . 
  if you have the manpower to pump out division after division of 7inf/2art then you 're already at major status . 
  as far as i understand it , they 're trying to move away from the ledger/mapmode combination of interfaces to make the games easier to understand for ~ ~ casuals ~ ~ people who are new to pdx games . 
  like i said , it 's a conscious shift in ui design by pdx . 
  i disagree with it as well , but i doubt pdx is going to listen and bring all that stuff back . 
  they already have veteran paradoxians buying their games and dlcs without question , so they 're pandering to potential new gamers . 
  not to mention the ussr was nothing but a continuation of russian imperialism under new ideological buzzwords . 
  it 's worth mentioning that with the [ e-residency ] ( https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/ ) program , it 's no longer * legally necessary * to be present in estonia for certain critical business activities like creating bank accounts and signing documents . 
  however , i do understand that being physically present for setting up a business is very useful and far less risky than doing everything remotely with digital signatures , even if you 're not required by law to be present when creating the business . 
  for physical residency , you have to turn to an estonian embassy or consulate in your country . 
  here is information about residence permits in general , and the current status of quotas . 
  here is information about the conditions of a temporary residency ( up to 5 years ) [ in general ] ( https://www.politsei.ee/en/teenused/residence-permit/tahtajaline-elamisluba/ ) and about [ residency for business ] ( https://www.politsei.ee/en/teenused/residence-permit/tahtajaline-elamisluba/ettevotluseks/ ) . 
  key points :, 
  if you 're a citizen of the usa or japan , you 're not subject to the annual residency quota . 
  you need to have invested at least $ 16 000 as capital if you 're the sole proprietor of the business , or $ 65 000 if you are one of multiple owners in the company . 
  the government has a two-month deadline to notify you of approval or rejection of the application , and an additional month after notification to deliver the residency card to the embassy/office where you 'll retrieve the card from . 
  an option is to obtain a working/business visa first , make the initial steps in forming the company and then applying to residency in estonia before your visa expires . 
  i 've taken a gander and looking at the logic of how the trains path through this intersection , i think the only way this can jam ( aside from signals bugging out ) is if one of the exit lanes is completely blocked by trains past the intersection itself . 
  blockages due to long trains should be self-clearing : a train that is blocking trains behind it can always exit the intersection , even if it means turning around to take the long way back and around through the way it came . 
  in addition to what u/mrgraeme said , companies back in the day gave their local managers a lot more autonomy . 
  middle-management actually had to be competent back in those days . 
  and let 's face it : the inventories they kept were not as strict or in order as what we get with modern tools . 
  they were n't as cleanly ordered and structured as modern companies are . 
  inventory shortages and work stoppage due to miscommunication or delivery delays were far more common than they are today . 
  the technological cooperation between germany and the soviet union helped the soviets a lot more than it did the germans , as critical as it was for germany 's early advantage on the western front . 
  seeing germany completely wreck western europe also helped with motivating the soviets to get their shit in order . 
  and even then , the ussr avoiding total collapse in the first year of the war was more about germany getting bogged down by poor infrastructure and an exceptionally cold winter , than about any exceptional heroism or industrial advantage of the russians . 
  those two factors did n't come into play until the russians started their counteroffensive in earnest . 
  calling it : someone on the left is going to call sanders a white supremacist or homophobic for this . 
  it was n't just the tanks . 
  the most critical equipment sent by lend lease was probably all the rations and winter uniforms that allowed soviet troops to endure the winter so much better than the germans . 
  without it ... the red army would have been somewhere between freezing to death and turning to cannibalism , like it did during the winter war against finland . 
  sure , he might be `` tame '' in comparison , but `` the democrats are worse '' is n't an argument to just forgive all the bullshit he 's pulled off . 
  his idea of `` protecting russian minorities '' in neighboring countries is absolutely mental . 
  it 's like mexico orchestrating an `` independence movement '' where all the members are either paid shills or mexican soldiers and spies that have infiltrated across the border , and then demanding the us cede southern texas because of all the mexicans that live there . 
  if mexico had nukes to back up their demands and the actual mexican minority of southern texas preferred living in the us over living in mexico .
