  i 'm certain i 've hacked turrets within enemy los without breaking concealment . 
  though i think i 've always ambushed and opened fire with the turret in the same turn , so it 's possible concealment breaks they see a hacked turret on their own turn . 
  edit : it could also have to do with enemy detection range , rather than just los . 
  i ca n't recall if the turrets i 've hacked were close enough to be in detection range , though they definitely were in los , because i could open the ambush with them . 
  were they type vii or type ix subs from exploiting the sub research bonus from the focus tree ? 
  did you spam them in a single doomstack , large fleets of 20 or small groups of 2-5 ? 
  because the first two options have hidden stacking penalties that cause them to offset the efficiency bonuses gained from doctrine + advisors, 
  the idea that the president will just increase taxes or reduce welfare or otherwise increase the financial burden on americans to pay for the wall is preposterous . 
  he 's got plenty of expenses to cut which do n't directly impact the financial situation of americans . 
  like the $ 320m that the us is spending * each year * on foreign aid to mexico . 
   i do n't think it 's worth biting off . 
  at this stage in the development , i hope ? 
  or do you mean not worth it at all ? 
  and jewish spymasters know every other jew on the planet . 
  ( provided you yourself are not jewish ) . 
  even countries that ended up supporting the idea were initially wary of it . 
  one large element was active lobbying and diplomatic persuasion from the former eastern bloc countries , especially the baltics which shared borders with russia . 
  another important element were the sabre-rattling and intimidation tactics which russia used in responding to the baltics ' attempts at choosing their international alignment , which convinced nato that the baltics fears were not unfounded paranoia . 
  the rest was the democratic ideological alignment of the aspiring members and western nato countries feeling confident enough in their position that they could afford ideological idealism in supporting eastern european democracies over pragmatism in maintaining good relations with a russia that was sliding into dictatorship or `` controlled democracy '' . 
  hate to be that guy , but the planet is not rotating . 
  it 's just the clouds moving ( which is somewhat accurate , a tidally-locked planet would still have cloud movement ) . 
  i meant the part where you were losing all your subs in vanilla : getting the third tier of submarine design by the start of the war is a key element in having vanilla invincible subs . 
  and apparently , the same thing is possible in bice as well , but even easier because of the bonuses germany can get . 
  but trust me , the sub strat is only op in the early war , even in bice . 
  late war destroyers are going to wreck any sub fleet , regardless of optimization . 
  probably the reeeees finally trying to look at the other side of the argument and their minds are so completely blown they do n't know how to react other than more reeeeeing . 
  it 's ... a bit complicated , really . 
  the reason wind exists is ( in part ) because the planet is rotating . 
  and a planet 's rotation does determine the dominant direction of winds . 
  but the planet 's rotation is not the only cause of wind on a planet , and a planet that somehow has an atmosphere but no rotation would still have winds due to temperature , air pressure and humidity differences . 
  it 's entirely possible your teacher was incompetent and misunderstood the topic . 
   more practical and comfortable civilian boots, 
  says someone who has never worn good military boots . 
  civilian boots are fucking piss compared to military issue . 
  valuable enough that you 'll pay to maintain and repair them , instead of tossing them out if you ca n't get a new pair . 
  incorrect . 
  they have a right to `` due process '' , with `` a valid hearing before a tribunal '' having been a part of that process for a long time . 
  the president 's executive order has removed that tribunal hearing from the process they have a right to . 
  and he is within his right to do that . 
  aspiring immigrants and refugees still have a right to due process , but the process itself is now different and harsher toward them than it used to be , with fewer avenues of appeal . 
  `` the thing '' jontron did was spamming people 's twitter with gay porn . 
  probably to make it so new players are accustomed to having small , isolated fights on large maps , so they 'll be complete shitters when longer view ranges and taller tank profiles start causing crossfire situations on those maps . 
  they also do n't want it to happen because it 's not a good thing * for them * . 
  journalism is so much easier if you get to have a friendly collusion relationship with the people whose actions you 're supposed to inform the public about . 
  no , that one is a scripted peace deal . 
  there is an event which cedes the claimed provinces to ussr and forces the war end to with a white peace ( to avert the conference screen , in which ai ussr would just take everything and/or puppet finland ), 
  except the way the peace conferences currently work , the ai will just annex/puppet everything when a war reaches the peace conference conclusion . 
  eh , i 'd say the bigger issue here is that wot is not a 15v15 game . 
  it 's a 1v29 game , where you 're not only concerned with winning against the enemy team , but also with maximizing your own impact at the expense of your teammates . 
  it 's actually bad for you if the rest of your team is doing too well . 
  with that in mind , the issue with armor is that it 's not as valuable as mobility , dpm and penetration . 
  if you play a heavily armored tank , you have less flexibility than mediums on your team , meaning you 're likely to end up thanklessly tanking damage while your team 's mediums get to do the damage farming . 
  armor is n't `` useless '' . 
  just less useful than the flexibility mediums get . 
  hmmm ... 
  is n't there a bit of lore which states that df dorfs do n't have knee joints ? 
  still an excellent picture , though . 
  yet the investigations into hillary and the clinton foundation are still ongoing . 
  not to mention trump `` waved it off '' during a time-period where obama could still pardon her . 
  we 'll wait and see . 
  he has n't even been president for two weeks yet , and he 's already fulfilled more election promises than most presidents do in their entire term . 
  the way dwarves fall so much on stairs and in combat , and a few other oddities with their anatomic behavior in combat , suggests that possibly they do n't have knees . 
  he was also a decorated veteran , for that extra respect factor . 
  only amazing thing is , they fixed the flag glitch thanks to advice from podcat . 
  legs at 90 degrees forward . 
  also explains why dorfs get grumpy if you try to put two chairs around a single dining table . 
  ever heard of wheelchairs , or consider how people without legs get in and out of them ? 
  with supportive enough armrests and the right technique , entirely possible . 
  also , dwarves are shorter than humans . 
  as for walking : ever seen soldiers goose-stepping ? 
  looks ridiculous , but i imagine dorfs walk on their short , knee-less legs looks similar to that . 
  something to be clear on : naturalized citizens * are not * banned from returning under the executive order , and never have been . 
  they are citizens of the us , no ifs or buts about it , and they have every right to be on us soil . 
  residents like green card holders , on the other hand , are not citizens and thus certain rights do not extend to them . 
  never said anything about that . 
  just clearing up some misuse of terms . 
  there 's enough misinformation and accusations fake news going around , i have no desire to see people here contributing to that . 
  as for op 's question : i do n't have an answer to that . 
  it 's a tough situation and i do hope we 'll see an exception made for legal residents in the next couple of days . 
  she most certainly should feel secure that she wo n't be kicked out of the country if she 's already legally here , but the risk that she might not be able to return if she leaves the us of her own will is something she should have taken into account . 
  either in her travel plans or in her efforts to upgrade her residency to a full citizenship . 
  and that `` context '' does n't change the fact that many muslims take it literally enough to kill apostates for renouncing islam and to throw homosexuals off the roofs of buildings . 
  the context you provided does n't change [ this breakdown ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/r87gwfs ) . 
  a radical muslim wants to behead unbelievers , a moderate muslim wants radical muslims to behead unbelievers and only apostate muslims want to coexist with unbelievers . 
  they wo n't actively try to sabotage the president 's vision of a safe america because they dislike his presidency . 
  the ss was more than just the `` elite '' . 
  both volunteers and conscripted soldiers from france , benelux , eastern europe and elsewhere were put in formations under the command of the waffen ss , because only german citizens were allowed to join the wehrmacht . 
  the ss was a bit of a `` state within a state '' as far as nazi germany was concerned , and it was n't even the only such faction , though it was the most influential of them . 
  a major reason why hitler was n't deposed deposed outright by his various generals was because hitler was actively encouraging rivalries between the various organizations of his government . 
  the ss generals did n't dare to depose him , because they feared the wehrmacht generals would brand the ss as traitors and take over . 
  the same applied vice-versa , and even then there was an assassination attempt . 
  the politics of nazi germany were a conflicted mess of paranoia , where everyone involved was too afraid or brainwashed to step out of line . 
  eeeh ... elven vampires do have a decent chance to have survived a historical battle or two , and gain tremendous martial skill from that that . 
  because history simulates a `` battle '' as a series of duels , a vampire 's edge in the stats often leads to them murdering an entire army one soldier at a time . 
  how border walls work :, 
  [ illegal border crossings in hungary ] ( http://media.breitbart.com/media/2015/10/hungary-illegals-october.jpg ) , october 2015 . 
  can you spot the point at which the wall was finished ? 
  there is that possibility as well , yes . 
  but the historical outcome of the winter war also happens via event , where the war ends in `` white peace '' without ai ussr being given access to the conference screen . 
  personally , dual citizenship is something i do n't agree with to begin with .
