  it is possible to manufacture toxic vaccines that cause autism due to mercury contamination . 
  but if you believe any companies do n't care about quality control and allow that to cut costs , you 're a crazy conspiracy theorist . 
  edit : to clarify , i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  you really do have to be a nutjob to actually believe companies purposely or negligently make bad vaccines like that . 
  i 'm just responding that it can be done , even if it is n't being done . 
  nuclear weapons , perhaps not . 
  their chief purpose is strategic deterrence of other nuclear powers . 
  even a tyrant is very unlikely to deploy their nuclear arsenal against their own rebellious country . 
  they 'd be taken down by their own `` loyal '' bodyguards and lieutenants , because what power and wealth is there in ruling over a nuclear wasteland ? 
  everything else : why not , if they can afford it ? 
  another important aspect of it is civilian militias . 
  it should totally be legal for a grassroots `` home defense '' organization to assemble and collectively buy a tank or a jet , if they get together the money to buy and operate one . 
  likewise , i see no issue with shipping companies employing their own warships to protect from things like somalian pirates , instead of them making the international taxpayer pay for that expense . 
  these heavy weapons would be closely monitored , of course . 
  as for some civilian going crazy and hijacking the heavy weapons ... why would civilian organizations be less capable of protecting their investment than the military ? 
  we 're not seriously worried about soldiers , whether officers or grunts , going bonkers and commandeering a tank or a jet or even a machinegun from their base and starting a spree , because we assume they 're competent , responsible adults who have failsafe procedures in place . 
  why assume different from civilians , if they are competent enough to get rich enough to afford something that expensive ? 
  and besides , even if someone does go bonkers and take their tank out on a spree , the us armed forces are capable of handling the situation , as would be other civilian militias or even sane members of the same militia . 
  assuming it 's not happening in a larger crisis where the armed forces themselves are in mutiny or occupied elsewhere . 
  in which case it 's still important for a militia to exist and handle such situations . 
  on top of that , in a crisis situation where police and military forces are unavailable to handle a heavily armed threat , guess who will still have illegally obtained , unregistered assault weapons and rpg-s ? 
  criminals and terrorists . 
  and in that situation having a well-armed civilian militia is going to be far better in protecting its ' community than a `` gun free zone '' sign . 
  and if you do n't give it what it prefers , then it goes all passive-aggressive and starts giving you confusing ( error ) messages in situations that seem completely unrelated to this preference . 
  no , because certain animals are ( or at least used to be ) too large and demand too much food to ever graze fast enough to avoid starving to death . 
  and well , free corpses from wild animals starving would make the game too easy . 
  it creates a custom enchantment effect with two magic effects inside a single ench . 
  effect . 
  without ssrs themselves trying to break away to form independent republics , it 's unlikely that the ussr would have collapsed as it did . 
  there would n't have been anything to `` break up '' as it were . 
  without that tension from breakway ssrs , the situation would never have escalated to the point where yeltsin could be taken seriously when he declared russia as seceding from the union . 
  nope , back in the really old days , before it was 4/frame , it was flat 4/day across all frames . 
  not sure when exactly they changed that , but it was definitely like this before the update that added clan dojos for the first time . 
  but it 's sort of useful if you 're the `` help '' and your ai liege presses it . 
  first off , it should only be a right for citizens , not just any legal resident . 
  and there should be a court process and grounds to deny * specific * people the right to buy guns . 
  preventing criminals , terrorists and the mentally ill from owning guns is in the public interest , so the government should have the power to restrict the right to own guns . 
  even then though , it should be a process where a prosecutor first has to prove that a defendant can not be trusted with weapon ownership , not an `` automatic but appealable '' ban system based on watchlists or medical records , where a citizen needs to prove they deserve the right to own weapons . 
  the government should be the one jumping through hoops to take a right away , not the citizen jumping through hoops to reclaim it . 
  on most modern mice , the mousewheel doubles as the middle mouse button , if you press it straight down instead of rolling forward or back . 
  thankfully , it 's impossible for trump to achieve that kind of full control within the us political system . 
  for all his controversy , he also lacks many of the disturbing signs of hitler . 
  nowhere is he demanding personal loyalty to him as leader . 
  he has no private army of goons ( sa/ss ) . 
  not to mention it was trump 's opponent , who was threatening to `` punish '' russia for alleged interference with the election , while trump has consistently been speaking of deescalating tensions with that nuclear power and about cooperating against mutual enemies like islamic terrorists . 
  of nuclear powers , such a warmongering tyrant as hitler could only emerge in russia , india or china . 
  and only north korea actually has one already . 
  we also do n't have highways really . 
  just motorways . 
  speaking of india , i did n't mean the whole country would end up under a tyrant like that through it 's democratic process , but rather that a muslim revolutionary movement could certainly create a separatist state with such a tyrant , who would have control of formerly indian military equipment , possibly including nuclear weapons . 
  islam is ultimately incompatible with democracy , and it would n't surprise me if that 20 % of india 's population turned to violent jihad if they happen to decide india 's functioning democracy is n't giving them all the special exceptions and privileges they `` deserve '' . 
  i 'll echo most of what steryxr4 said , and add that the halberd itself is also off . 
  it looks at most the same size as rory , and probably even smaller . 
  leaving aside proportion and anatomy issues , rory still does n't look large on your picture , which means the halberd looks way too small . 
  the handle looks way too thin in the sections that are n't surrounded by the snake-like decorations , and it 's also far too short . 
  on a closer look , it seems as if you 've tried to do some kind of perspective thing , where the halberd is supposed to be positioned a distance behind rory , but you 've exaggerated the perspective shrink too much and it just looks way smaller than it should be . 
  and that would be shia 's invaluable contribution to space exploration : aspiring autists to just do it and become astronauts . 
  it is a felony to return after being caught and deported . 
  as for the rest of your questions : you are absolutely correct . 
  financial aid , state healthcare and all those other things are privileges of citizens are already only supposed to extend to citizens . 
  not even non-citizen legal residents ( like people with h1b visas ) are supposed to get them , let alone illegal immigrants . 
  in practice , the democrats push back hard against any demands for proof of citizenship , because that way their democrat election bureaucrats can collude with immigrant groups to provide them with `` mistaken '' registrations that allow illegals to vote for them under false identification . 
  and why would n't the illegals vote democrat , if they know that healthcare , welfare money and all other freeloading will just go poof for them if someone actually strts enforcing the law against them . 
  edit : as for why we do n't immediately put illegal immigrants in prison as felons : because then the taxpayers would have to pay to upkeep even more illegals in jail than we 've already got . 
  thus far , it just has n't been worth the effort financially . 
  especially since living in american prison can compare positively to being a dead-broke hobo in mexico . 
  [ undercover video ] ( http://projectveritas.com/2016/04/22/chaos-in-new-york-polls-brooklyn-poll-worker-caught-committing-probable-voter-fraud-felony/ ) of shenanigans at the brooklyn polls . 
  they 'll let people vote outside of their actual district , suggesting they 'd also let people vote multiple times in different districts . 
  and from there , it 's not too big of a strech they 'll let anyone vote , as long as they 've memorized a fake address and fake ssn . 
  any idea why the french built they early bbs with so little reserve buoyancy ? 
  i ca n't imagine they were trying to thwart boarding parties or something , so there had to be a legitimate reason that hull configuration made sense at the time . 
  were they trying to give the armor natural angling with the assumption shells would hit perpendicular to the ship ? 
  ... is n't that like every member of s4lt ? 
  i suppose it 's possible , yes . 
  but something that unlikely would be a genuinely unique occurrence . 
  time in the warp is unpredictable , yes , but generally ships that spend a `` long '' time in the warp end up colliding with space hulks in the warp and merging and grow into them due to the weird energies involved . 
  in all seriousness , the ai probably had a training queue chock full of a motorized template . 
  they tried to build enough trucks for all of them . 
  and then the ai decided it was n't working out and cancelled most/all of them , and suddenly huge surplus of trucks . 
  hmm ... so possibly , the ai gets its ' production `` stuck '' on high production when facing shortages and not correcting it even if the templates stop using the equipment it has a shortage of ? 
  the way this happens with trucks suggests that it 's because ai only reevaluates production lines if they become obsolete . 
  trucks , being available from the early game and never becoming obsolete , might just the biggest equipment type that never gets overproduction adjusted correctly . 
  except opposite : a filter inserter that * ignores * the items you enter into its ' setting , but grabs anything that does n't match its ' filter . 
  i 'm pretty sure ai code has triggers that can shift pre-defined priorities around . 
  for instance , certain minors randomly pick a doctrine tree to research , and will produce tanks and include tanks in their templates if they happen to select the mobile warfare doctrine . 
  likewise , ai will produce more artillery if they have selected the superior firepower doctrine . 
  but i 'm not sure if they 're really used to check overproduction values , but they could definitely be used to adjust production priority if the stockpile is too big . 
  someone posted a link to how to actually make regular filter insterters do this elsewhere in the thread . 
  really ingenious solution with constant combinators , negative values and belt reading . 
  nope . 
  a dragon break is basically when time and reality in tamriel breaks for whatever reason , and akatosh turns the troublesome section of the timeline into a vague blob of timey-wimey stuff that nobody remembers beyond `` some things happened and it all worked out in the end '', 
  just as estonians remember being mistreated under the russians that dominated the ussr . 
  or maybe they did like obama and bought hot dogs instead . 
  hm , that 's only like up to 2006 , so who knows what impact all of obama 's droning had on us military spending . 
  not really : the state government is n't involved in the tax collection process , really . 
  people and corporations pay their federal taxes directly to the irs , so the state government can say whatever but nothing will actually happen unless californians themselves stop paying taxes en-masse . 
  mods make exemptions for certain big threads where it would make sense for non-supporters to make top level comments like clarifying questions . 
  but yes , the rule still is that only centipedes can make top level comments to reduce brigading . 
  firstly , back then the federal power was not as established and dominant as it is today . 
  the states had a lot more autonomy and authority over their territory and population than they do today .
