  however , if you pay yourself dividends from the profit , you only pay the 20 % income tax . 
  [ this site ] ( http://palk.crew.ee/ ) is a good place for calculating the correct tax amounts for a monthly salary . 
  it 's in estonian , though , but i 'm sure you can figure it out with an online dictionary . 
  you do n't . 
  convoys can be lend-leased on their own , always at 100 % efficiency . 
  this would happen by rail . 
  perhaps there could be a throughput limit based on the whatever state is the biggest infrastructure chokepoint between the two capitals ? 
  currently , carrier spam with light cruisers as screens . 
  however , it 's still recommended to have a pair of bbs or bcs in the carrier fleet , just to draw enemy air power away from attacking the carriers directly . 
  perhaps a solution would be to make it possible for capitulated countries to still be majors ? 
  for instance , a capitulated country will count the ic in its ' occupied core territory to determine if they 're still a major even in defeat ? 
  for those who do n't know : prisoners get an event to request better accommodations from their captor . 
  this event then triggers a second event for the captor ( in this case , op 's merchant ) a couple of days later ( because of how events work in ck2 ) . 
  if , for some reason , the prisoner stops being a prisoner in the days between the two events , the `` did n't i release you already ? '', 
  option is the only one available as a failsafe . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , in older versions , you could throw someone you 'd already released into the oubliette with this decision . 
  the second event still needs to fire to clear the active flags created by the first event . 
  yep , detection is the important part . 
  the way air combat works is really convoluted and opaque . 
  basically , a single air wing performs two `` missions '' a day . 
  a mission can be anything from a bombing run to an air superiority sweep . 
  interception is apparently an exception . 
  if there is a bombing run , there is a detection roll from the defending side . 
  if the detection roll is a success , available fighter wings with the interception mission use one of their two daily deployments to engage the bombers . 
  i 'm not sure if a detection roll is being made once for each defending fighter wing , or if a single roll is made for an attacking bomber wing and the defender is screwed if the enemy is running bombing missions with more than two wings in a region . 
  i 've been playing as germany enough to know that the uk will definitely strat-bomb eastern germany from poland if the attack on poland gets bogged down for any reason . 
  generally , the reason the attack on poland gets bogged down is because you 've been spending 15-20 factories producing me109s from 1 jan 1936 , and have n't put enough factories to producing tanks . 
  no , it means that when switching between major production lines , the benefit from dispersed industry is miniscule . 
  base retention is 10 % , meaning that when a major retool happens , production efficiency gets reduced back to 10 % . 
  before the fix , with the +20 % retention from dispersed industry 1 , the increase did n't mean your efficiency reduction was 100 % -  ( 10 % + 20 % = 30 % ) . 
  it was 100 % -  ( 10 % * 120 % = 12 % ) . 
  mostly because my own troops are not that much better . 
  either i have too few of them , or i have equipment shortages of my own . 
  because 2000 fighter planes at the start of the war . 
  why does a puppet have to have the same political alignment as the overlord , though ? 
  should be perfectly fine for a fascist to have a neutral puppet . 
  the matter of the baltics is hardly as simple as `` evil nato encircling russia '' . 
  it was the baltics themselves that pushed hard to be admitted into nato , for the express purpose of having allied deterrence against russia throwing its ' military weight around . 
  considering what russia did in georgia and is still doing in ukraine , this desire for deterrence was completely justified . 
  if it were n't for nato , russia would already have restored its ' land connection to kaliningrad through military action . 
  another thing the mythos does n't like to mention however , is that up until 1943 , most of the proper winter clothing and antifreeze the soviets had was actually provided by the us through lend-lease . 
  the soviet union did n't quite have the logistics to reliably get their own raw materials to their factories , or to get the manufactured supplies to the troops until toward the end of the war . 
  take a look at the utter disaster that was the winter war , for instance . 
  a mere couple hundred kilometers outside leningrad , one of their major industrial ( and logistical ) hubs , they had soldiers freezing to death and resorting to cannibalism to stay alive . 
  honestly , i think the solution for hoi would be to make manpower attrition from weather harsher , but add research which causes infantry/support equipment to take specific types of weather attrition instead of manpower . 
  all non-vp provinces have a fractional vp value that is n't displayed as such anywhere on the map , but still counts toward capitulation . 
  considering i 'm estonian myself , i think i know a fair bit more about what 's going on here in the baltics , in terms of local attitudes . 
  i 'll admit , yes , nato expanding into the baltics does further american interests . 
  and as far as the people who actually live in the baltic states are concerned , being pawns furthering american interests in the region is infinitely preferable to being second-class citizens in russia . 
  and yet they will not surrender despite a hundred nukes until you take at least a tiny bit of of their territory . 
  germany really should pick dispersed for the bomber protection . 
  it 's also useful to minors who need to switch around production lines a lot because they do n't have enough factories to be continuously producing everything . 
  if you 're looking for a serious hoi4 challenge , i 've got a recommendation for you : try wc with any one of the three baltic states . 
  unlike luxembourg , which can force peace conferences with colonial empires like netherlands and low-unity france through vp-rushing , the baltics are off infinitely worse , essentially trapped between the red menace and the brown menace . 
  really , the only thing i 'm seriously criticizing is japan . 
  the home islands will not surrender unless they 're actually invaded , because everything else is considered an overseas territory . 
  even after nuking . 
  which historically was the major reason japan was nuked to begin with : so the allies would n't have to go through with what was going to be absolute bloodbath of a naval invasion . 
  nope . 
  yugoslavia is not as hard . 
  you 've got the balkan minors to gobble up , and resources to build up on in the start . 
  each of the baltic states has the following : 1 civilian factory , 1 military factory , 2 steel and soviet union getting an instant wargoal on you by event when germany takes the molotov-ribbentrop pact focus in mid-1939 . 
  nope . 
  that 's called an exploit \\* . 
  if it does n't invalidate an ironman save , it 's not cheating . 
  \\* also known as lazy pdx development methods . 
  swearing a soldier 's oath of loyalty to a hostile foreign government ( lugansk or russia ) is unambiguously treason for an estonian citizen . 
  no , i do understand that japan 's surrender irl was a more complicated matter than the game is capable of simulating . 
  ~ ~ what ~ ~ one of the things that annoys me about the current state of the game is that a replay of historical japanese surrender is flat out impossible . 
  hehehehe . 
  you just suck at finding it . 
  while this doubles an easter egg , there are actually three different `` ranks '' of aces that can potentially appear . 
  from worst to best : regular ace , wild ace , and i think the third was genius ace . 
   if you are a heavy tank with poor pen that need to go and stay close to the skirmish , it 's ok, 
  this is what i have take the biggest issue with . 
  the t6-t8 german heavies are already glorified tank destroyers on account of their worthless armor . 
  and now the increased drop in ap pen at a distance is going to force them to brawl at close range ? 
  where the superior pen , alpha and armor of other nations tanks is just going to dominate ? 
  while the only advantage of german heavies ( better accuracy at long range ) becomes irrelevant ? 
  the e75 . 
  it 's only considered good since it 's the first tank in the e-100 line that 's actually good at being a heavy . 
  but it 's nothing special . 
  it 's just not an damage-pinata with lots of hp and paper armor , like the tiger i and tiger ii before it . 
  logistics window does n't display anything too complex . 
  it just calculates [ ( items in stockpile ) + ( items equipped on divisions ) - ( items required by divisions ) ] and produces a simple number . 
  in fact , that number can be directly misleading , if you 've forbidden some templates from using obsolete equipment . 
  well naturally . 
  the leftists are never interested in solving problems . 
  if they solved any of the problems they cried about all the time , they could n't manipulate normal people into bowing to their whims by playing the victim card anymore . 
  in general , i find that poor accuracy and gun handling are irrelevant as long as the tank has the frontal armor to just bounce shells in a close brawl . 
  smithing is a pretty good skill tree to reach for 100 , just for the level-ups and perk points you get from it . 
  also , weapon tempering at 100 smithing is a very significant damage boost . 
  arty gold shells are not really as problematic . 
  typically , the only thing they get is extra splash radius , which just means they 'll track you if they miss without inflicting significant hp damage ( except the american ones . 
  fuck the m53/55 and the t92 ) . 
  the disappearance of factories is probably due to loss of tech . 
  concentrated/dispersed industry techs increase the amount of factories allowed in a province . 
  if a country that does n't have these techs takes over a province , surplus factories are scrapped . 
  but shit is probably more broken than usual for the raj because it 's a british puppet . 
  you do n't lose tech when you enter a civil war , but the temporary country that spawns as your enemy might .
