  needs corn , mutfruit , tato and purified water . 
  according to riaa and mpaa promotional materials , copyright infringment is theft , because i 'm stealing the profits they would have had if i had bought the copyrighted content legally . 
  bias at work , obviously . 
  nobody bothers to remember the posts that agree with their . 
  but the ones that disagree make people angry , and thus stick out in memory . 
  pretty sure that 's sarcasm on his part . 
  [ soon ... ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/would-you-download-a-car-man-3d-prints-life-size-aston-martin-db4-8744159.html ), 
  oh , i completely agree the assumption is erroneous . 
  but it 's unfortunately a common metric for when businesses are trying to analyze the statistics of their income and losses , because it looks pretty on a graph and `` this is how much we made . 
  this is how much we could have made if piracy was n't a thing . '', 
  is much easier to articulate than the actual reality . 
  see , that right there is the real reason women 's clothing do n't have real pockets . 
  so the clothing companies can sell them purses as well . 
  this might be nostalgia glasses speaking , but i do n't recall imperialism 1 being that much worse than 2 , even though it had some combat balance and ai issues . 
  point 3 is a bit unfair to players , in my opinion . 
  linking diplomacy results or dcs gives an advantage to characters because their players are good at something in real life . 
  say there 's a low int or low cha character in the party , but the player is actually a psychology major and successfully sees through the npcs motivations . 
  even staying in-character with their own pc , they nonetheless have an advantage as a player that other , less social players do n't get . 
  i doubt anyone here would penalize a character 's attacks just because the player ca n't swing a sword . 
  how is it any more acceptable to penalize a character in diplomacy on the account of their player being bad at picking up social cues and guessing at people 's motivations ? 
  edit : note that i 'm not just talking about real-life stuttering or looking things up from notes . 
  i 'm talking about players being good at recognizing the motivations and goals of others . 
  an important part here is not letting players use diplomacy checks when they 're actually bluffing and telling the npcs what they think the npcs want to hear . 
  / r/solipsism, 
  while i do n't use the alternative exp aspect of ccor , i 've found that most of the frustration in the smithing grind can be fixed by cranking up how much ore you can mine from veins . 
  what the common masses of medieval peasants and craftsmen did or did not believe is largely irrelevant . 
  even their religion was not something determined by their informed choice , but rather by what circumstances they were born into . 
  their scientific knowledge , or lack of it , had no impact on the decisions made by rulers , clergy and scholars of the time . 
  oh , i 'm not talking about making mining equivalent to vanilla . 
  i do n't recall the exact yields , but i get nearly a hundred ores per vein . 
  for immersion , it takes a while to actually deplete a vein , though . 
  i get ores on every fourth pick strike , one more strike than vanilla , and it takes either 16 or 18 cycles of four strikes to deplete a vein . 
  `` that wikileaks guy '' is not a journalist , but a whistleblower . 
  sure , manning and snowden should probably be pardoned , but the us is not imprisoning any journalists for reporting on the leaks , which is what turkey is doing to silence media critical of erdogan and co. 
  ah , my bad . 
  yes , assange is a journalist . 
  i thought he meant manning or snowden by `` that wikileaks guy '' . 
  the answer to the first question is hard to answer definitively , since expansion timing depends a lot on your chosen faction . 
  when it comes to building new cities : when in doubt , expand . 
  hold back from expanding only if you 're * certain * that it 's too early . 
  most factions benefit more from building wide than from building tall . 
  same here , but with .44 ammo . 
  but a fully upgraded .44 revolver oneshots most regular enemies without headshots , so it 's certainly understandable they 'd limit the ammo . 
  edit : forgot i had a mod that increases damage on survival difficulty to make combat more lethal for both sides . 
  survival , but i just remembered i use a mod that changes survival damage to 2x inflicted , 2x received . 
  as opposed to vanilla 's 0.5 x inflicted , 2x received . 
  wow . 
  is n't the water temperature below 10c by now ? 
  also , do you know which part of estonia this was taken ? 
  it was n't donated , but that one batch of stuff mart laar bought from israel in the 90s was mostly defective and completely obsolete , was n't it ? 
  you probably do n't have the mod that changes survival difficulty damage that i forgot i had . 
  so ... if the company gives one of their own employees the money and orders them to buy one at `` full '' price , they can get around the law ? 
  here 's an idea i had reading your situation : have an npc sell out the assassins and warn the pcs in exchange for a hefty amount of gold . 
  i was thinking of an assassin that was rejected for the lucrative job of killing the pcs , and now wants to get even with the other assassin group . 
  or possibly even one of the assassins in the attacking group aiming to be the sole survivor of the assassin group while still getting the job done . 
  more importantly , this is a reason for any of the assassins to take suboptimal combat actions when the actual fight is going on : they 're trying to get the other assassins killed so they get a bigger share of the loot . 
  last i looked into it , i found out there were a few significant upgrades to the game engine between sr :d and sr : hk . 
  to play dms or dragonfall with the hk engine , the campaigns would need to be ported over manually and some bits of code reworked to function with the upgraded engine . 
  while i would love to see hk-engine `` remakes '' of dms and dragonfall , i 'm definitely not holding out much hope of that ever happening . 
  i know the one you mean , i think . 
  beautiful multi-part story . 
  but i ca n't find it either . 
  and aland does n't want a referendum to return to sweden , because sweden was a pussy in ww2 and stayed neutral during the winter war , instead of trying to rescue aland from finland and/or soviet . ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ least ^ ^ ^ ^ according ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ polandball ^ ^ ^ ^ history . 
  the cops are also a threat to you if they give you an unlawful order and you refuse to obey it . 
  you 're implying the false assumption that cops are 100 % lawful in all their actions , which they are not , even if you yourself are . 
  especially considering how many shots a swingfire typically ends up wasting on targets that get killed before the atgm arrives on target . 
  ammo-rack hit is n't an automatic one-hit kill , but they * do * cause damage to ignore the `` 90 % max against undamaged '' restriction , even allowing one-shot-kills if the rng gods hate the target . 
  is it even possible to be reliably profitable in tier 8 and beyond without a premium account or a t8 prem tank ? 
  i 'm a pretty average player , and i 'm definitely losing more money in my bad tiger 2 games than i am getting back in good ones . 
  plenty of evidence of ukrainian clay being stolen , though . 
  there 's plenty of proof . 
  the russians just continue to deny everything no matter how much proof is presented . 
  if it 's `` guilty until proven innocent '' , then how come russia can freely accuse everyone of fabricating evidence without providing any proof the evidence is fabricated ? 
  requiem . 
  i can not stress that enough . 
  if you try requiem and enjoy the challenge of not being an op badass from the very start of the game , you 'll never want to go back to vanilla . 
  more health ? 
  that 's what alchemy , enchantment and the gauldur amulet are for . 
  not really . 
  russia shelled one of their own cities , and then started shouting the georgians shelled their city until everyone accepted their lie as the truth . 
  when it comes to the pipe pistols in safes , i rationalize it as an abstraction . 
  it 's not an actual pipe pistol , but a rusted pre-war weapon in some nonstandard manufacture . 
  unlike the 10mm pistols , which lore states were a common government issued sidearm and probably standardized because of that . 
  this is a pretty good idea , actually . 
  atgm does n't need direct los to lock on to a targed that 's been designated by an afv would be an appropriate buff to both atgms and afvs . 
  and it would even encourage teamwork . 
  check if you have any of the dlcs ? 
  from your screenshots , i 'm not seeing anything that suggests that you do n't have the ultimate edition . 
  the ultimate edition is just fallout new vegas packaged with all the dlcs , not some `` director 's cut '' version of the game with extra features . 
  there are some redeeming qualities here , like the refusal to use state debt to fund things , but i think that 's just because the government here knows the population would completely freak out if they suddenly started borrowing en-masse . 
  in truth , the estonian economy is a pretty picture of pr spin painted over a shitload of corruption and eu stimulus . 
  now that the eu stimulus is beginning to dry up , the government bureaucracy is doing its ' best to sustain itself . 
  which translates into taxing private citizens and free enterprise into oblivion and then wondering why the estonian economy is not growing . 
  nah , they are intentionally making the goals nigh-uncreachable . 
  the idea is to encourage people to pay gold for prem ammo and consumables . 
  or pay gold for converting silver after depleting their pre-existing stock . 
  well , as noted by others , `` find thing , kill stuff , take mcguffin '' is the kind of thing dw is designed for . 
  the key to keeping these missions interesting , is giving the team choices that have an impact on later missions . 
  for instance , team has mission to get mcguffin from jungle temple . 
  on the way , they encounter a powerful tyranid that makes a tactical retreat when its ' buddies die .
