  i understand they 're an amazing adversary for any army to be fighting against , but i do n't get the fluff appeal of * playing as * them . 
  especially not if there are any british ~ ~ orbital laser cannons ~ ~ arties around . 
  it 's op 's photoshop that gave him that look . 
  he 's asking if anyone knows a mod that actually does this in-game . 
   great fps game, 
  no , no its ' not . 
  it 's a completely linear shooter where you essentially fight three enemy classes ( basic shooter , elite shooter , jump-scare melee guy ) over and over until the final act mixes things up a bit . 
  the only thing that was great about fire warrior was how it got the feel of shooting a bolter right and the cool ending cinematic . 
  how is this incident different from obama administration blocking fox news from [ benghazi briefings ] ( https://archive.is/y2rhc ) ? 
  look into the metrification craze that took place during the french revolution . 
  they tried to decimalize everything and almost every system besides the meter and the kilogram fell out of use once the fad passed . 
  yep . 
  soft attack of all arty ( incl . 
  support arty ) was nerfed 20 %, 
  something has changed and submarines are completely broken op again . 
  i tried to do plan z germany recently , wrecked the british surface fleet with my ahead-of-time surface ships + ground-based nav planes . 
  and then a doomstack of 70 french subs sank my six veteran bbs , their escorting carrier and their whole screen of 50-something cls and dds . 
  they lost only 3 subs , to boot , while my surface fleet refused to disengage . 
  especially because it 's downright hard to get him installed : ideology can only be shifted away from neutral , so the only way for him to come to power is if a country that starts the game as neutral puppets australia . 
  which is an achievement in itself , because neutral countries have a really hard time declaring war on anyone . 
  which is really idiotic : the uk should only be guaranteeing people that germany or italy are fabricating against . 
  manpower , possibly ? 
  it 's also a good way of maintaining control of your puppets ' deployment . 
  if you 're taking away all their manpower , they wo n't produce hundreds of useless divisions . 
  also , the ai has a habit of using their divisions to wreck your own supply stockpiles by deploying said useless divisions to low supply areas that you already have covered . 
  in addition to huge amounts of divisions , the late game also takes up a lot of processing power on general/admiral assignments . 
  namely : the ai will reassess its ' admiral and general deployments on an hourly basis . 
  not much of a problem when they only the majors each have 100 divisions organized into 4 armies and 100 ships organized into 6 fleets . 
  but it becomes exponentially more resource-intensive as the army/fleet count goes up . 
  and the game does this for every single nation in the game , including neutrals that are n't even at war . 
  upvote for black lagoon reference . 
  four side cover is cool too . 
  you mean the eastern front that would have starved and frozen to death in the winter of ' 41 , like it did in finland , if not for rations and winter uniforms shipped over by american lend-lease ? 
  wait , is happening with other games as well , not just hoi4 ? 
  or is it just happening in different playthroughs of hoi4 ? 
  if it 's the former , ask around in laptop/computer subreddits . 
  if it 's the latter ... maybe because they 've made the ai better at building up military forces ? 
  the ai tends to build more divisions than it needs these days , where it used to be short of divisions and make stupid deployments because of that . 
  to be honest ... only the devs really know . 
  there have been some ai devdiaries on the pdx forums explaining all the changes they 're making . 
  some of these changes include optimization . 
  others are about making the ai less stupid ( which typically means ai calculations become more intensive/complicated ) . 
  hard to say which way this is shifting . 
  i 'm saying the soviets likely would n't have stopped germany without american material support . 
  and by extension : germany would not have been stopped without america . 
  without the american supplies , general winter would have been the red army 's greatest enemy in the winter of ' 41 - ' 42 , not its ' greatest ally and the germans would have steamrolled the demoralized remnants in the spring and summer of ' 42 . 
  the actual company name is share blue or something , and it 's basically the successor of correct the record , a shilling/astroturfing company that operated primarily during the elections but then wound down as they ran out of money . 
  as much as this is bullshit , it 's bullshit enabled by the championship organizers . 
  mack requested to participate in the boys ' championship , but the organizers a ) insisted that everyone compete based on the gender listed on their birth certificate and b ) saw no issue or unfair doping advantage with a contestant who 's pumped full of sex-change chemicals ( specifically testoserone ) . 
  because it 's not the business : it 's a state tax on salaries of currently-working people . 
  and the amount paid out to a pensioner from this tax-fund depends primarily on years worked , not on how much retirement tax they actually paid into the fund during their career . 
  people with higher salaries are just expected to have more savings/investments to make up the difference in retirement funds . 
  it 's a solution that works without threatening the only income source of many pensioners and nearly-pensioners who have nothing better to do on election day than vote , so it 's never going to go away . 
  i blame various fps games for this . 
  whenever those have a level where you get to drive around in a tank , it always means you get to stomp around without a wingman . 
  lone hero power fantasy that 's got nothing to do with how tanks actually operate . 
  imo , the blame still rests primarily on the adults that are n't putting their foot down and telling them they are n't allowed to compete . 
  blaming a 15-year-old because their parents have cultivated and enabled their confusion to the point of a sex-change at that age ? 
  not what i 'd call fair . 
  what 's this about only one black templar being alive ? 
  and that 's why you would need one . 
  nah , musketeer spawning in ps4 for everyone was a bug . 
  they fixed the spawning bug so musketeer ca n't be obtained anymore , but could n't do anything to remove it from save files where musketeers had already spawned in . 
  at least not without pushing out a patch that did nothing but invalidate all existing saves . 
  that 's probably a difference between converting inside the same religious group ( heresy back to mainstream ) and changing from one religious group to another ( pagan to catholic ), 
  if you 're trying to break through the maginot , then your division attack value is completely irrelevant . 
  get your breakthrough as high as possible to so your units survive attacking while ground attack planes to deal the actual damage . 
  basically , create a division that 's all heavy tanks with only recon and engineer support units . 
  preferably the early tiger i tanks you can get if you time the research credit from your focus tree correctly . 
  i vaguely recall this being asked on the kerb forums , and iirc they are n't because under the hood , dumbfire rockets count as a ballistic-type weapon , not a missile-type . 
  definitely not in the first game , at least . 
  not 100 % sure if they changed that in the second . 
  use hidden national spirits . 
  possibly with expiration dates or focuses that remove them , if you want the player/ai to be able to change them . 
  so basically , they 're making their grind to buy equipment and high-tier tanks longer because playing at a credit loss is so much fun ? 
  it 's impossible for credit-bought gold rounds to be `` worth it '' from a credit standpoint unless you 're paying real money for something , whether that 's a premium account , a premium tank or the rounds themselves . 
  same with premium consumables . 
  `` each hit '' does n't mean much when talking about arty . 
  it just means they 're missing completely a lot of the time , or holding their fire unless they have, 
   too much for russian potato pcs, 
  and those are the ones they 'll never restore . 
  because eu and na are ultimately irrelevant side-markets for wg . 
  they only care about the ru market . 
  and it 's an advantage provided by a mod , over vanilla players who ca n't extend their view past a certain point even if there is `` room '' for the camera to go backward without colliding with terrain . 
  right , so why are other mods available to everyone illegal , like the `` laser-pointer '' mod ? 
  or the bush removal zoom mod ? 
  or heck , even mods that let you de-center the camera from your tank in-game ? 
  or various aimbot mods ? 
  they 're available to everyone , after all , and it 's voluntarily gimping yourself to not use them . 
  to be clear , i 'm not saying the extended zoom-out mod should be illegal , just that wg should clarify its ' guidelines to make it clear if it 's illegal or not . 
  gray areas like this easily lead to selective or inconsistent enforcement varying from one wg staff member to another . 
  shows a lot about buzzfeed , that people do n't immediately recognize it as fake , though . 
  means this kind of bullshit is actually plausible for those hacks . 
  they guy from wolfenstein is fictional . 
  [ that guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johannes_blaskowitz ) is n't . 
   was there a culture of general knowledge that we 've kinda lost in our modern lifestyle ? 
  essentially , yes . 
  house-building was an essential life skill for most of the population . 
  people learned it primarily by assisting their parents with house repairs and construction during their childhood . 
  only the rich had the money to hire construction workers , low income households simply had to do everything themselves .
