  trump victory is the last chance for peaceful , democratic change . 
  the democrats are deliberately changing the ethnic makeup of the nation to ensure they have a permanent majority . 
  obama has never cared about letting in desperate refugees , he 's importing future democrats , and hillary will continue and accelerate that policy . 
  if he did care about refugees in general , we 'd be seeing asylum granted to white refugees fleeing from from the warzones in ukraine and from south africa , where whites are being heavily persecuted . 
  indeed . 
  a very common term of address that 4chan members use to refer to each other is `` fag '' . 
  not op , but i 'd say restrictions on magazine size ought to be removed and excessively vague restrictions on `` assault weapons '' need a serious review . 
  gun controls are really an all-or-nothing deal . 
  option a is that law and order are maintained on the principle that most of the population is armed and can effectively defend themselves , their poperty and others from armed criminals . 
  option b is that only police are armed , and civilian weapons are effectively banned beyond carefully-regulated hunting licenses . 
  in the case of the us , the genie is already out of the bottle and wide-sweeping restrictions on weapons only compromise the ability of law-abiding citizens to defend themselves from criminals who continue to possess illegal weapons . 
  there is also something to be said of having a population capable of effectively rising up against a corrupt , self-serving government and deposing it by force , if the government refuses to comply with the will of the people that elected it . 
  see [ battle of athens ( 1946 ) ] ( http://thefreethoughtproject.com/wwii-vets-arms-against-corrupt-cops-athens/ ) for an example of why the 2nd amendment is necessary in this sense . 
   trump is a credible and clean alternative . 
  he lies constantly , so much that after the debate his campaign had to delete everything from his twitter feed that contradicted his statements made at the debates . 
  credible and clean does n't even play into it at this point . 
  he 's the only alternative period . 
  it 's trump or revolution , and i 'd much prefer him . 
  if trump wins and fails to come through on the expectations , revolution might be back on the table . 
  as for choosing someone on the other side of that influence peddling : he 's still not beholden to that system , as any veteran politician would be . 
  he does n't have donators that he 's indebted to , at no point does he have to toe someone else 's line . 
  i 'll admit , i might have considered support stein , if she had a snowball 's chance in hell to win the election in the two-party system , but she does n't . 
  also , doctor or not , she lost all credibility in my eyes when she said something to the effect of `` nuclear power stations are nuclear bombs waiting to happen '' . 
  that is not how modern nuclear energetics work . 
  we have the technology to make completely safe nuclear power plants that ca n't melt down or produce bomb material . 
  the only issue that remains is waste disposal , and even then that waste is `` cleaner '' and several orders of magnitude smaller in quantity than the waste that comes out of coal power plants for the same amount of energy produced . 
  and yet clinton supporters are the ones who are already violently harassing trump supporters and stealing/vandalizing their property , even before trump is elected . 
  do you not find that disturbing in the slightest ? 
  personally , i 'm seeing parallels with soviet russia and the widespread persecution of certain social classes after the communists took power . 
  i genuinely fear that this kind of politically-motivated persecution of conservatives and political dissidents will become institutionalized once clinton takes power . 
  she will allow it , if not directly through police , then through a policy of police and prosecutors refusing to see a crime in democrat supporters harrassing and assaulting conservatives . 
  and i damn well wo n't just remain passive in the face of that kind of state-sanctioned abuse . 
  not yet , but i 'm sure with her scotus appointment slanting the judicial permanently in the democrats ' favor , she 'll bribe and intimidate her way to extending the overreach of the presidential powers beyond obama 's already troubling practices . 
  clinton 's reign will turn congress into a rubber stamp for presidential policy . 
  the president does have control over the fbi , however . 
  and we already have a constitutional crisis that the media is refusing to address : namely how the executive branch is refusing to prosecute clinton over her private e-mail server . 
  comey is straight up lying when he says no reasonable prosecutor would press charges against hillary . 
  unless he means that any `` reasonable '' prosecutor would be too afraid of ending up like [ seth rich ] ( https://conservativedailypost.com/assange-seth-rich-went-missing-for-2-hours-before-death-we-know-why-inside-job/ ) or [ john ashe ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-02/un-official-accidentally-crushes-own-throat-right-testifying-against-hillary-clinton ) to ever prosecute clinton . 
  comey faffed on about `` intent '' , but intent is almost irrelevant to the statue . 
  clinton 's private email compromised national security through gross negligence . 
  comey suggests that clinton had to have intent to commit the crime . 
  except if clinton actually did do it with the intent to commit a crime , the charges would n't be just mishandling classified information and violating the policies for archiving correspondence that 's subject to subject foia requests . 
  the only criminal intent she could have , would be the intent to harm american interests for her own personal benefit , which is treason . 
  comey 's fallacious bait-and-switch argument is that clinton did n't have ( easily provable ) intent to commit treason , and therefore no reasonable prosecutor would prosecute her for gross negligence in handling classified information and trying to cover up information that was potentially subject to foia requests . 
  this is the corrupt alternative to trump . 
  no , you do n't . 
  looking at your post history , you spend most of your day concern-trolling and asking loaded questions in bad faith . 
  and note that by `` defending '' it was n't just justifying her husband 's actions to the press . 
  hillary `` defended '' bill with vicious smears and character assassinations of her husband 's victims . 
  sure , why not . 
  what makes an item a psyker focus is some kind of spiritual attachment to the object , whether personal ( a psyker 's ` lucky ' rock they 've had since childhood ) or faith-based ( prayer beads ) . 
  when it comes to personal attachment , it 's really up to you to figure out the backstory for it . 
  the important part is , a focus is not trivial to replace . 
  a focus is not * just * a random rock off the ground . 
  there needs to be something special about it , even if the `` special '' quality is just some bullshit that only your character believes in . 
  i 've seen the maid poof out of existence as soon as the liege she spawned under dies . 
  the one time i got the maiden event chain to fire in ireland , i granted her some land to secure her presence in case my 60-year-old king died . 
  when i went to check on her holding shortly after my king died , she was gone . 
  the holding was owned by some random guy . 
  i do n't think i checked the province history to see if she still showed up in that list , though . 
  the `` maid '' can spawn in any independent , player-controlled christian kingdom or empire that 's at war . 
  i 've seen the maid spawn in ireland myself , as well as let 's plays and screenshots of the maid in bulgaria , castile and * england * , of all places . 
  nah , op said it 's a mod that gives a cluster missile turret . 
  my bad . 
  i thought it was op , but it was n't . 
  just someone else poining out that a mod like that exists . 
  people like him probably get their fake ptsd just from the experience of being near an ar15 . 
  attention-seeking little whiners . 
  it 's not that they * ca n't * connect the dots . 
  they just * refuse * to connect them . 
  wait , the oster conspiracy can actually * succeed * ? 
  i thought it always made himmler or g\u00f6ring the f\u00fchrer . 
  yes , but achievements are still disabled . 
  it does break the vanilla checksum , on account of being a map change . 
  so ... only one pawn out of the five that have worn the purple hat is still alive ? 
  and for a really hard grind : you can try estonia or latvia in the baltics . 
  there 's a ! fun !, 
  event that happens circa 1939 that put you at war with russia ( unless you peacefully accept game over ) . 
  lithuania is ... not recommended , though . 
  because lithuania also gets shat on by german focus events , not just soviet ones . 
   ( i have never been able to confirm this , but legend says a camera man threatened to drop poison gas down the elevator shaft and kill everyone so the omon troops backed off . 
  he did n't have any gas . ), 
  the myth you 've heard is close , but not quite accurate . 
  the true story ( as claimed by the guys that held the tower ) is that they threatened to activate the [ gaseous fire suppression system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaseous_fire_suppression ) , which would have flooded the tv tower with an inert gas that would starve the fire of any oxygen . 
  not toxic , but the regular gas masks available to omon would n't have helped them against oxygen deprivation like that . 
  the situation in 1934 was a bit more complicated . 
  without going too deep into the obscure details , p\u00e4ts imposing the autocracy is probably what prevented actual fascists from seizing power with significant popular support behind them . 
  they can also relocate significant amounts of money . 
  the eu provides significant funding to a lot of infrastructure projects that the governments would otherwise have to pay for themselves . 
  not familiar with the specifics of hungary , but in the case of estonia : the only reason we 're not on the same level of government debt as greece or portugal is because we got a crapton of eu funding to maintain and rebuild old soviet-era motorways that we would otherwise have had to issue bonds for . 
  the other option would have been landing on the peninsula with galleys . 
  a lot of hannibal 's genius was about avoiding fights with the romans in circumstances that favored the romans . 
  without the war elephants , it would have been a standard infantry battle for the time , and the romans were just too good at that . 
  more importantly , crossing the alps with war elephants was something the romans believed to be impossible . 
  it was a total strategic surprise , but hannibal lost too many men and elephants to attrition to be able to exploit that surprise . 
  the likelihood spikes up if the province has the `` peasants are upset '' modifier . 
  they key is to prepare * now * for that possibility . 
  join a gun club , get yourself a gun and practice at the range as often as you can . 
  even if no revolution needs to happen and you end up not needing all the preparation for that , you 've now done the following :, 
  * expanded your circle of friends and acquaintances,
