  one feature of the deleveled world is indeed that you can find high-level equipment in random loot , and that equipment is going to make you a lot more powerful than you should be at that level . 
  though what you 're describing seems very much off . 
  orcish equipment on a few strong bandits is n't unusual , but finding daedric and glass definitely is . 
  it is possible you were just incredibly lucky , though . 
  particularly with the necromancer . 
  mages are often high-level enemies with corresponding loot in their dungeons , but they remain very vulnerably to close-up murdering , so it is possible you managed to put yourself in a situation where you killed an enemy four or five times your own level . 
  going to look through your load order to see if anything stands out now . 
  edit : sorry . 
  nothing in that load order stands out to me , though admittedly , i 'm no expert with those . 
  the only non-texture/lighting mods i use besides requiem are ccor and live another life . 
  yeah , vampires are some of the most brutal enemies in the game ... until you get a strong fire enchatment or sunblast . 
  then they 're just glass cannons . 
  edit : or a silver weapon . 
  that works too . 
  slide attack of kogake causes knockdown against most non-boss enemies ; including enemies that are usually very resistant/immune to knockdown effects . 
  regarding healthcare , it 's not quite a matter of professionals being underpaid . 
  the salaries are quite good compared to other jobs in estonia , though not competitive internationally , of course . 
  as far as i 've understood from people i know work in healthcare , the biggest issue is the pressure/expectation to do unpaid overtime . 
  regarding your relationship , depends on the people you meet . 
  in general , you can expect a `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' attitude . 
  meaning people who disapprove are n't likely to bring it up unless you do it first . 
  if it is brought up in conversation or something , play it by the ear and do your best not to get angry or defensive about it . 
  you 'll find that all but the craziest fanatics are willing to agree to disagree , even if they do n't approve , as long as their opinion on the matter is n't belittled . 
  edit : the salaries being good compared to estonian average applies to doctors . 
  thinking about it a bit , i realized all ( three ) of the healthcare professionals i know are md-s . 
  i 'm not sure if requiem adds any followers itself . 
  if so , then it definitely needs a patch . 
  even if requiem does n't , the fsk mod probably still needs one to make sure the bonuses are balanced ( not too powerful or completely insignificant ) . 
  what are the rules for shouts ? 
  if there are none :, 
  100 speech for shout-related bonuses, 
  75 light armor for defense without losing mobility, 
  50 alchemy for regeneration perk ( just in case ) and potions, 
  50 one handed for fast dual-wield power attacks ( probably as finishers ), 
  25 restoration for basic wards and healing, 
  i think i 've got what i need . 
  probably conjuration for creating sacrificial minions . 
  elven gauntlets , boots and helmet . 
  dual elven swords . 
  amulet of talos and greybeard robes as unique items . 
  keep hard cover between myself and opponent . 
  send out minions until enemy uses a shout with a long-ish cooldown ( to prevent clear weather from them ) . 
  3-word storm call . 
  finish off with swords if needed . 
  trickle-down economics : the rich throwing change at the middle class while telling the poor that the middle class will throw money at them as well . 
  as an estonian , i can say the answer is `` no , you ca n't '' . 
  which is a significant improvement over what it used to be . 
  namely : `` yes , you can , but even if 3rd party drm agrees with steam about your region and lets you play , all audio and subtitles are locked to a gibberish language that does n't even use an alphabet you can understand . '', 
  you . . wha ? 
  how did you even ?!, 
  the pope himself ?!? 
  glad to see i 'm not the only one who thinks the current duel system is far too limited . 
  hmm ... 
  i have n't tested it , but it might be possible as a pagan . 
  marry your daughter off to a neighboring or coastal ( if germanic ) count , then raid until you capture your own daughter and take her as a concubine . 
  seriously , though . 
  seduction actually lets you do that ? 
  typically , but not necessarily . 
  being a douchebag , especially a drunk douchebag , is not determined by age , ethnicity or religion . 
  though it is important to note that there 's a distinction between russian estonians and russians in estonia . 
  mainly the difference that the latter are the ones that refuse to integrate ... but that 's a whole rant that i do n't have time for . 
  back to the point : russians are far more religious than estonians ; a much higher percentage of them are orthodox than there are estonians following any organized religion . 
  as a result , they 're more likely to be intolerant , though it 's hard to say how much more . 
  because there are plenty of non-religious intolerant people too . 
  what 's that gray shield trait with the crown ? 
  i 've never seen that one before . 
  does anyone have a good comparison picture of this and the old version of the font and sail interface ? 
  until now i 've paid so little attention to the fonts , i actually ca n't see any difference just looking at these pictures . 
  probably a good strategy , yes . 
  though religious estonians ( ca n't speak for russians , though ) are likely to be less confrontational than religious americans , due to how state-level religious persecution was very much a thing in the soviet era . 
  if you come to estonia , i imagine you 'll quickly realize the difference between the persecution complex american christians have imagined in their head , compared to the persecution complex estonian christians genuinely developed between 1940-1990 . 
  wow ... that 's got to be a downright ancient nightly . 
  i guess i 'll have to fire up unstable and make a side-by-side comparison pic myself when i get back home . 
  hmm ... it would seem catharism is the optimal religion for my ~ ~ eugenics program ~ ~ dynasty . 
  without it , the dynasty would be letting a full half of its ' gene pool just go to waste or even bleed out to other ~ ~ programs ~ ~ dynasties through marriage . 
  in theory , the best for this would be absolute cognatic elective . 
  no , i mean the personal trait between ` midas touched ' and ` brave ', 
  which book are you using ? 
  accoring to my deathwatch book , for every kilogram added to the weight of a demolition charge , damage gets +2 and blast range gets +3 . 
  so a 3-kilogram demolition charge would be blast ( 9 ) , dealing 3d10 +4 damage to each target in the blast , which is pretty darn impressive . 
  edit : especially if you place multiple such explosives with overlapping blasts . 
  well , there 's always the option of asking the gm to add a houserule . 
  hmm ... just coming up with something reasonable on the spot here : with a -20 check to place it , you can set up a demolition charge as a shaped explosive , which deals 3d10 +5 damage to a single tile when set off and ignores all ap . 
  adding 1 additional kg of explosive material adds +1 d10 damage , but does not increase the size of the blast . 
  this misleading argument is so deeply flawed it 's more or less a meaningless slogan . 
  `` republic '' by itself just means `` not monarchy or theocracy '' . 
  yes , the us is a republic . 
  it 's a republic whose form of government is representative democracy . 
  therefore , the us is a republic and a democracy . 
  just as it 's possible for a country to be both a republic and an oligarchy . 
  the terms are not mutually exclusive . 
  public financing of political campaigns brings up a whole host of new , equally nasty problems . 
  namely , political parties in office voting unanimously to increase the amount of taxpayer money political parties in office receive for their election campaign . 
  i have played it ... and as far as i 'm concerned , you 're absolutely correct . 
  pandora really is hollow compared to ac , even though it imitates ac far more than be does . 
  truth is , though , i recently heard a youtuber 's rant on the idea that games used to be a lot better in the past than they are now . 
  though he was talking about different games , i ca n't help but think he was right . 
  the gist of his point ( game names changed to current context ) was this : when smac first came out , our expectations for a good video game were much lower than they are today . 
  it 's simply much harder , if not impossible , for a modern game like pandora to exceed our expectations to the same degree that games like smac exceeded them over ten years ago . 
  again , your definition is simply too narrow .
