  what will really happen : tehdonald will cycle accounts and carry on as if nothing happened . 
  exactly like the top mods did when milo was brought in as a figurehead for credibility . 
  yep . 
  but that 's what podcat kept insisting on the pdx forums when people were reporting ai glitches in the 1.2 beta : the observer mode is making ai stupid , and results seen in observer mode do n't mean the ai is actually broken in a `` real '' game . 
  there is now an adequate response up from the current top mod . 
  [ link ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/537tsg/this_community_is_not_for_salehere_are_lilz_and/ ), 
  short version : it looks like u/purpletricycle ( probably ) tried to scam money out of centipedes , or just wanted to become infamous internet celebrity for a while . 
  viking83 realized this was some shady shit and kicked tricycle out of the mod club for this back in july . 
  in august , tricycle approached u/lil-z and u/tehdonald and insisted he had found a rich backer and the scam was really a legitimate super pac for giving trump 's campaign extra funding . 
  lil-z and tehdoncald fucked up and took tricycles word for it . 
  these past few days , viking83 was away for a few days on a trip and the sub was in the middle of a mod reshuffle to reward active and hard-working mods with seniority . 
  lil-z and tehdonald went ahead and posted/endorsed the scam on behalf of tricycle and his anonymous billionaire . 
  viking83 came back , lil-z and tehdonald have both resigned as mods , viking is trying to sort shit out . 
  yes , though iirc , the high stance perk only reveals through half cover . 
  high cover should still be safe ( unless they 've patched it ) . 
  it 's a common restriction in legacy systems . 
  older hash creating/comparing methods could generate false-positive matches if the input password was allowed to be variable-length . 
  at the time , computers were slow enough that 8 characters worth of entropy was considered secure enough for anything . 
  plus , the crypt ( ) method commonly used to create a password hash did n't support input strings longer than 8 characters . 
  it just ignored everything past the maximum length . 
  welcome to government it , where computers are still using windows xp because some custom-made , closed-source , mission-critical data processing application was never ported over to a 64-bit system . 
  and nobody up above will approve a budget to have a new application developed for modern systems for as long as legacy replacement computers can still be found . 
  ~ ~ unclear at this moment . 
  there was an endorsement of the pac made in milo 's name , but people familiar with him say things like `` writing style does n't add up '' . 
  it 's possible milo 's account was hacked . 
  in any case , milo has also been removed from the modlist for now . ~ ~, 
  scratch that . 
  apparently milo has made his own statement of facebook ( which i do n't use ) . 
  that 's a myth about estonia , actually . 
  free wifi is common in the three largest towns ( tallinn , tartu , p\u00e4rnu ) , but it 's not state-provided . 
  it 's just cafes and other service businesses providing free wifi to clients , but having the signal reach some distance outside . 
  unsecured residential hotspots used to be very common too , but the telcos have secured that crap . 
  wifi boxes now come with unique passwords right out the factory , with a sticker on the bottom , while old devices with default passwords published in online manuals are being replaced as telco service techs discover them . 
  outside the big towns , there 's a service called k\u00f5u . 
  you sign up and get a usb dongle from then , and pay a monthly fee for it , but it 's basically a wifi-analogue that works across the whole country . 
  iirc , it uses some kind of non-standard frequency and piggybacks on the cell tower network somehow , but is actually unaffiliated with the cell phone telcos . 
  the `` declared a human right '' thing just means governments are n't allowed to forbid groups of people from buying internet services . 
  even then , it only means that a government ca n't create a blanket ban like `` everyone who wants access to the internet must prove to the telco that they 're not felons '' . 
  they can still hand out criminal sentences that forbid an individual felon from accessing the internet during a probation period . 
  it also means businesses ca n't deny you an internet service as long as you 're willing to pay . 
  you may have to pay a lot to have a few kilometers of cable line built out specifically for you if you 're in a rural area , but the telco is n't allowed to say `` you 're outside our service area '' and flat out refuse service to you . 
  however , it 's entirely legal to have an llc with non-public shares , that the shareholder ( s ) can refuse to sell . 
  the only problem with this is that you need to already be a billionaire to provide the start-up capital required to create a new , competitive tier 1 backbone company as an llc without turning to public trading . 
  big cable typically refers to tier 2 and 3 providers . 
  the backbone companies are already heavily regulated ; not just by us law , but also by international organizations and treaties . 
  even then , the issue of the us oligopoly partitioning is not a tier 1 regulation issue . 
  yes , there 's a high barrier to entry for laying local cable and becoming an isp . 
  but that local cable is not tier 1 . 
  in all likelihood , your startup local isp would buy access to the nearest tier 1 circuit , instead of trying to create their own tier 1 circuit . 
  tier 1 is the big backbone fibers that connect london to new york to houston and so on . 
  more accurately : american english is primitive english . 
  it has transformed * less * since the colonial days than proper english . 
  wait , is n't the nkvd focus unavailable with permanent revolution ? 
  looking at the connectors , i thought that only rehabilitate military is available from permanent revolution . 
  nkvd and smersh seem to require the great purge as a prerequisite . 
  or is that just a visual bug with the connectors ? 
  also , bosmer and beast races make for great la barbarians because the stamina regen bonus from bestial stew is completely op at early levels . 
  with the beast stew buff , you can actually back off and regen from power attacks at level 1 . 
  the problem is , some tank lines are consistently weaker at all tiers than their equivalent counter parts in other nations ' lines . 
  for instance , the only german heavy that is n't objectively worse than other heavies of its ' tier is the e-75 at tier 9 . 
  and even the e-75 is just ok for its ' tier , not overpowered like the st-i . 
  and for the record , the statistics do show that the op tank lines are played a lot more than the crappy lines . 
  the win ratios average out because only unicums or experienced players continue playing the shitty tanks for the extra challenge after grinding through them . 
  you were n't clicking the download button , were you ? 
  ( i made the same mistake ), 
  alright thanks . 
  saving that post for sure . 
  how it 's supposed to go : you never take the great purge , and when trotsky comes to power , it unlocks the permanent revolution focus . 
  at the cost of permanently locking you out of the great purge focus . 
  you do realize they actually got the flag wrong , right ? 
  it has the wrong number of stars . 
  so they 're using ww2-era american english in the game ? 
  it 's not intentional . 
  they just reused existing game assets , instead of having the artists draw a modern us flag for the language selection . 
   [ !! fun !!, 
  ] ( http://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/v0.34:losing ), 
  ftfy, 
  i 'll admit , i 've often thought of commenting on your stories . 
  but i think silent and polite is in everyone 's best interests . 
  because i 'm not blind to the fact that my actions here , even anonymously , can reflect negatively on the organization i 'm part of . 
  the brits are nominally allies of my country , but your training and service conditions are vastly different from ours . 
  you 're doing a good enough job at discrediting the british military yourself . 
  i do n't need to discredit my own by losing my composure and tact over something as minor as this . 
  i hate those things . 
  mostly because it 's damn-near impossible to avoid taking damage from them . 
  entirely truthful , but still in the confines of civil discussion , if somewhat cold in tone . 
  yes , i find it is within line . 
  army . 
  and i suppose this has gone on far enough that i might as well expand on my opinion . 
  the thing i disapprove most of is n't all the sex . 
  it 's the underlying lack of discipline and the appearance that your officers are aware of all the fraternization and are just letting it slide . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong , perhaps your officers are n't aware ( which still paints a bad picture of their competence ) , or perhaps there are formal consequences to the actions you 've described in your stories that you 're leaving out . 
  i 'd be more understanding of it all if that kind of behavior was just tolerated in a wartime situation . 
  the leadership letting fraternization slide because soldiers need all the stress relief they can get between bouts of intense combat . 
  but if british troops like yourself and the people you 've slept with ca n't handle the stress of a dry spell in peacetime , how can they be expected to handle the stress of actual combat ? 
  i would n't mind if you managed to convince me i 'm wrong in this , but i ca n't imagine how you would . 
  welcome to the basket , fellow deplorable !, 
  i suspect they intended to just make her content ineligible for ads under their vague guidelines for `` offensive '' content . 
  the author of [ here we go again ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11661356/1/here-we-go-again ) . 
  a fanfic that in the eyes of many gate fans ( myself included ) is the `` true canon '' .
