  well ... yes . 
  because that 's the whole point of useful idiots . 
  once a capitalist system has been subverted by `` perpetual revolutionaries '' , the revolutionaries have outlived their usefulness and must be disposed of before their perpetual need to be part of a revolution topples the communist regime as well . 
  or alternatively [ this ] ( / r/finlandconspiracy ), 
  except they sent women and children to the gulags . 
  for their husbands or parents being `` fascists '' , `` kulaks '' or a number of other crimes that did n't require proof beyond being accused by someone . 
  or even just to meet prisoner quotas a la `` there are 50 fascists in this village that need to be sent to the gulag . 
  the train is leaving in eight hours so get to work taking them away . '', 
  i for one do n't think this would be a good idea . 
  or at least , i ca n't think of a good way to implement it that does n't either end up a trivial and forgettable event , or a game-ending disaster even if you survive the plague , because the resources spent on surviving the plague have set you too far back to recover compared to the fanatic xenophobes ( or the xeno-loving federation of livestock ) next door . 
  assuming you mean the pirates during the `` golden age '' of piracy in the caribbean , it initially started with privateers hired by the french to raid spanish shipping . 
  as the economy of selling looted goods from privateering became more established , `` unsanctioned '' pirates came into the picture . 
  privateers that turned on their employers , failed merchant sailors deeply in debt taking their ship and turning pirate to escape their obligations , former military sailors turning to piracy after being dismissed from the navy when big conflicts like the spanish succession war ended . 
  with the economy of privateering already in place , there was even the possibility of successful pirate sailors saving up enough of their loot share to become ship captains of their own and buying out a captured ship in one of the pirate ports like tortuga or port royale . 
  that 's one of the big issues for them : they keep treating african americans and other minorities as a homogenous demographic defined primarily by their race . 
  while simultaneously ( claiming to be ) working to eradicate racial barriers and promoting equality . 
  but once they `` succeed '' in making race a non-factor , minorities that used to seem like a homogenous group start voting based on their personal economic interests and moral values , rather than out of a sense of `` solidarity '' with their race , or based on racial issues . 
  so racism was actually disappearing at one point , but the dems kept appealing to race and racial issues in their campaign , insisting it was still a major issue to the point of framing more and more perfectly normal , non-malicious attitudes and actions as manifestations of racism . 
  and thus ultimately rekindled racial tensions . 
  you 're likely underestimating the historical significance of the force multipliers that simply were not a thing in until the 20th century . 
  until the 20th century and the advent of things like machineguns , artillery , barbed wire and concrete fortifications , it was impossible to defend all the potential beachheads at the same time , because generally the advantage lie with the larger army . 
  basically , before the 20th century , stopping an enemy at the beaches required you to know in advance where the enemy was planning to land and setting up an ambush they could not have spotted from the sea ; else the enemy would continue sailing along the coast and find a different landing site faster than your ground army could head them off . 
  a quick google search tells me in the actual normandy landings , the allies were sending ~ 150 000 soldiers against a nazi defense force of no more than 50 000 . 
  investigating a bit further , the majority of that 50 000 `` strength '' was actually reserve formations stationed away from the beaches , so it was likely closer to 150 000 vs 20 000 . 
  any pre-20th century landing force that had a 15:2 numerical advantage would have overwhelmed the defense with minimal casualties . 
  thus , splitting a pre-20th century army to try and protect every possible landing site was a surefire way of getting the disconnected groups of your army defeated by a unified enemy landing force one at a time . 
  so until the 20th century , defeating a landing on the beaches was not really viable , unless you predicted the exact landing site and sent your whole army there beforehand . 
  either you prevented the enemy fleet from landing , or you stationed your army in a central location and placed scouts that could report back the true landing site after the fact for a confrontation after the enemy was already off the beaches . 
  increasing minimum wage is n't going to fix the issue anyway , not by itself at least . 
  the influx of illegal immigrants is what 's forcing wages to remain at minimum , by continually increasing the supply of labor . 
  not to mention how many illegals work for below minimum wage , distorting the whole labor market for low-skill workers . 
  until illegal immigration is fixed , raising the minimum wage will just make companies increase recruitment of illegals as citizens demanding minimum wage remain unemployed . 
  another aspect is capital mobility . 
  even if we did raise the minimum wage , companies would just move production to china or india or whatever cheap labor country is currently in vogue . 
  the only way to really fix that is tariffs or corporate taxation . 
  if they do move production to china , make them pay the labor cost difference in tariffs to fund the unemployment benefits for the people they 've left out of jobs , so it makes no difference for the company whether they move production or not . 
  fix these two issues , and wages will start increasing naturally as companies have to start competing with each other for workers , instead of workers competing with each other for jobs . 
  though there is still the elephant in the room : automation . 
  immigration and capital controls ca n't fix automation taking off . 
  once industrial and service automation really kicks off , then the debate on about citizen salary needs to become very serious . 
  minimum wage and immigrants become completely irrelevant , if they build a robot that just does your entire minimum-wage work while only costing an up-front investment and the salary of a maintenance guy . 
  basically , state capitalism is when everything in the country is owned by a single `` corporation '' that also performs the functions of state , such as military and public security . 
  and the political elite of the country completely overlaps the circle of the `` corporation 's '' ownership . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , it 's only happened when a communist regime becomes unable to maintain the illusion that the `` proletariat '' has any kind of political influence in running the country , or simply no longer cares to maintain the illusion . 
  it 's when communism openly admits the oligarchic political leadership owns everything in the country and starts running the nation functionally the same as a hypothetical corporate state . 
  perhaps not about blacks yet , though there are a number of successful black conservatives that get attacked for being `` uncle toms '' because they 're not blindly voting democrat . 
  but treating hispanic minorities as a homogeneous group is decidedly wrong . 
  legal hispanic immigrants are some of the staunchest opponents of illegal immigration , and hardly stand in solidarity with the criminals who did n't go through the enormous effort they did to get into the us legally . 
  yet the dems smeared trump 's attack on illegal immigration as xenophobic and a hatred of hispanics in general . 
  unit needs at least 20 % training ( and therefore at least 20 % equipment ) before it can be deployed . 
  you ought to remove `` more sea crossings '' , `` better map view with names '' and `` colourblindness mod '' from the list . 
  they 've been removed from the workshop since the list was made . 
  yeah , except de 's treatment and balancing of solo play suggests they actively want to discourage solo play and force people into being in teams . 
  that event should probably have other trigger limitations , such as not firing if you control the capital of another major . 
  do n't worry too much about the materialist stuff being a bit bland . 
  according to the dev diaries , robots and stuff are getting a lot of extra depth in the next patch . 
  and the materialist fallen empire is going to be revamped , and there is going to be a new `` ancient robots '' fe added to people with a dlc . 
  i do n't think what you 're trying to do is possible . 
  in all vanilla games and mods i 've seen , scripted ship designs like that are spawned by event , rather than being placed in a shipyard 's construction queue . 
  best i can suggest is creating an `` event '' that asks if you want to build the scripted ship . 
  there are , of course , conditions to the event that check if the empire has the right tech , enough minerals , etc. 
  and which limits the choice of planets to those that have an appropriately large spaceport . 
  agreeing to construct the scripted ship then spawns a `` research '' project that requires a construction ship in orbit . 
  i think there are a few anomaly-events that produce projects like that , such as the gas giant species anomaly . 
  i 've also seen a couple of mods that make mining , research and frontier outposts customizable , but that 's adding things to the designer , not hiding a design that 's buildable at spaceports , but which you 're not allowed to redesign . 
  yes , i suppose it would . 
  the issue with all of this is actually making it so it takes time to build the scripted ships , rather than the ships just appearing instantly as soon as you pay the minerals . 
  the only way to do that is to spawn a situation log project that needs a science/construction ship to process it over time . 
  i knew pol pot killed a larger percentage of his country 's population than any other mass-murdering dictator , but i was unaware of the specific reasoning behind it . 
  i had simply assumed it was a particularly paranoid purge of dissidents and the wealthy ( and their entire family trees ) to remove them from the equation and get their property , using class warfare as an excuse like any other communist purge . 
  one way to prevent portraits from being reused is making a large enough amount of custom empires , all with unique portraits , before the game starts and then putting them all on forced spawn . 
  that way , there are no randomly generated species ' that can coincidentally have the same portrait . 
  i 'm not sure if this is doable through modding , though . 
  i 've never touched the galaxy/species generation files myself . 
  worth nothing , that while the us ca n't `` save '' as a normal person or small government would , by handing the money to someone else for investment and growth , the us can still create a reserve of wealth for itself . 
  the equivalent of a normal person saving up cash in a mattress at home . 
  the problem is , inflation will constantly eat away at this kind of reserve , and depreciate its ' value as a total loss . 
  spending all the income on something right away ( and borrowing extra on top ) is seen as more beneficial in the long run than the stability of having a reserve . 
  this is another way the us government ( and governments in general ) are not like people . 
  they do n't need to be insulated against unexpected disasters with reserves , because they can always just borrow the amount needed instead . 
  they will never be in a situation where nobody is willing to lend to them money , unlike people and firms facing some kind emergency getting denied loans . 
  it was the lutheran church , and other denominations that grew out of the reformation , that pressed for literacy among the general population ( so that they could read the bible ) . 
  secular interest groups of the time ( the nobility and the bourgeois ) , were generally opposed to the idea of investing anything into educating the lower classes of society any more than the bare minimum necessary for them to serve as serfs , soldiers or whatever else was their base function in society . 
  if by all-in-one , you mean you have a general purpose tanker/cargo/population transport , then the design is probably the issue . 
  civilian companies may get confused about the purpose of the ships they 've produced if they do n't have dedicated designs for specific tasks and ( for instance ) categorize all the produced ships as colony ships and convince themselves they ca n't do any cargo missions because they do n't have dedicated cargo ships . 
  or alternatively , the graverobber is angry at her father/husband , for not leaving enough money to sustain her luxury longer . 
  utterly selfish and entitled anger . 
  or the selfish anger is out of the husband dying . 
  instead of grieving over his death , she simply resents the dead husband for having died and thus cut off whatever source of income he provided . 
  nationalized health insurance ( aka single payer ) would probably be an improvement over what 's going on in the us right now , but it 's not some perfect cotton candy dream . 
  the healthcare professionals in single payer countries tend to be chronically overworked and underpaid , the equipment is often dated , and wait queues for non-emergency treatment tend to be quite long . 
  living in a single payer european country , i had to wait about two weeks for an appointment to get an ingrown toenail examined by my gp , and then another month and a half after that to actually get the surgery to fix it . 
  repeat 3-4 times , because it kept growing back in . 
  not to mention that i was lucky the `` schedule '' of the toenail growing in meant i developed symptoms in the spring each time , and got it fixed in the summer . 
  if i had developed the symptoms in october , i 'd have to choose with paying for surgery out of my own pocket anyway , or waiting until the start of next year with surgery , because the health insurance fund is regularly out of money in the last two months of the year and wo n't authorize treatments because it ca n't pay for them and the fund is n't allowed to go into debt to cover budget shortfalls without an act of congress ( or our structure 's equivalent of that , anyway ) . 
  for one , incest was actually not as common as it 's portrayed to be until the 16th century , when a few dominant and powerful dynasties ( such as the habsburgs ) became really obsessed with consolidating their power and avoiding costly succession wars that risked eroding their power base . 
  secondly , when people think of `` incest '' , they typically think of the stuff the habsburgs pulled from the 16th century onwards . 
  there is also `` distant '' incest , which is nowhere near as dangerous in regards to disabilities and deformities . 
  assuming there is no close-relation incest going on in-between , anyone further removed from a person than their once-removed first cousin is distant enough to be `` safe '' .
