  divided loyalties and obligations like that can too easily become irreconcilable . 
  a person 's citizenship status is not first and foremost about personal convenience , but about group identification . 
  i would fully support the abolishing of dual citizenship and making people choose which country , and which society , they belong in . 
  maintaining a situation where people game the systems of two different societies for their own benefit is just going to lead to conflicts of interest . 
  besides being a convenient scapegoat , there was also the issue of jewish association with communism , particularly their significant overrepresentation in the leadership of the short-lived [ bavarian soviet republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavarian_soviet_republic ) that attempted to secede from the weimar republic and form a communist state immediately after ww1 . 
  in addition , germany percieved the ussr as its ' greatest ideological threat , another communist state where jews were heavily overrepresented in the leadership . 
  it also tied heavily into the `` stab in the back '' rethoric , where germany 's defeat in the war was blamed on ( jewish ) bankers , politicians and other civilian interest groups accepting the humiliating versailles treaty while the soldiers were still prepared to continue the war . 
  finally , there was the factor of germany being under an effective embargo from many influential jewish bankers and businesses since hitler and the nazis took power in 1933 . 
  well before any death camps , the nazis ' plan for the jews at this time was to expel them from germany to either create a jewish state in palestine , or to resettle them in madagascar . 
  it was n't until the diplomacy of those two solutions failed and war broke out , that the drugged-up nazi leadership went ahead with the final solution . 
  sorry , a bit tired and went off topic in my response . 
  of course they 're citizens and currently have every right to be in the us , and it 's messed up that they were affected . 
  it 's simply my opinion that us toleration of double citizenship is a separate issue that ought to be reviewed . 
  yeah ... the shinano was a very messed up last ditch effort from japan . 
  her complement was all `` cruise missiles '' . 
  her pilots were n't even trained to land on a carrier , at all . 
  there is an option 4 : trump is letting the different conservative factions within his administration fight each other for dominance , so that they do n't have the energy to fight him . 
  a certain chancellor 's comparison of politics and sausage-making comes to mind , to be honest . 
  especially with how president trump 's administration is under so much scrutiny , compared to the blind media praise obama received whenever he did anything at all . 
  even worse : studies have shown that muslims exposed to liberal western values actually get more homophobic as generations pass . 
  correction : poland , lithuania and latvia did not become republics from the puppet states created by the germans . 
  there were wars ( usually on two fronts , one against germans , one against soviets ) , in which the new republics won and pushed out soviet and german puppets . 
  all i 'm hearing , is arguments for deregulating the arms industry and allowing american citizens and their non-government militia groups to buy abrams tanks and atgm systems if they can afford them . 
  yet the office of legal counsel , whose job it is to judge the basic legal merit of various executive actions for the administration , have clearly stated the order has legal merit and is not blatantly unlawful . 
  the ag 's job is to defend the president 's actions in court . 
  it is not the ag 's job to determine the lawfulness of those orders . 
  if the courts struck down an eo as unlawful , then by all means , the ag is free to refuse to defend it further if the president still tries to implement that unlawful order . 
  until the courts actually strike it down , it 's the ag 's job to see the president 's policies defended whether they personally agree with the policy or not ; much like defense attorneys are obligated to defend their clients whether or not they personally believe their defendant is guilty . 
   for me the difference between hate crime and terror attack is in the motive . 
  which is entirely incorrect , and how you `` feel '' is irrelevant to what the law actually says in the matter . 
  the different is not motive , but the goal . 
  a terrorist 's goal is to make a violent political statement of some kind , or to make political demands by threatening further acts of terror by themselves or their fellow terrorists . 
  or possibly , the goal could be to inspire further acts of terrorism by people who agree with their motivation . 
  a hate crime is strictly individual : the criminal is killing , robbing or torturing their victims simply because they hate blacks , whites , muslims , christians , gays or whatever group they victimize . 
  a political aim in a `` bigger picture '' is what differentiates terrorism from a hate crime . 
  voat is no ~ ~ less ~ ~ more weird than reddit was before the great digg exodus . 
  edit : an important word . 
  you do realize this extreme vetting and other trump 's policies are exactly that : returning to america 's past immigration policies . 
  having full control of who gets to stay and leave , instead of letting illegal immigration run rampant and letting damn near every one of those intruders stay if they actually manage to avoid getting caught at the border . 
  a president declaring a dictatorship in that contrived situation , where congress and supreme court are under his thumb , would still be civilian rule . 
  to whom would a military coup return power back to ? 
  the congress that gave the dictator the powers he wanted ? 
  the supreme court that refused to strike down the congress ' laws as unconstitutional ? 
  set up a new election with ... who as candidates , exactly ? 
  congresscritters or other elected politicians who allowed the dictatorship to rise ? 
  some noteworthy military officers that were instrumental in the coup ? 
  and who 's to say this new president elected after the military ensures an honest election wo n't just turn around and have the other institutions declare him a dictator , now that the previous dictator proved that it can be done ? 
  would that mean the military has to carry out another coup ? 
  if it ever comes to a point where the military needs to uphold `` constitutional order '' via coup , then constitutional order has failed . 
  in fact , the military carrying out a coup would be unconstitutional and in breach of their oath to uphold the constitution . 
  they can , and must , refuse to obey a president claiming unconstitutional degrees of power , but it is not within the military 's constitutional mandate to depose the president or any other civilian branch of government . 
  only congress and the supreme court have that authority , and if those to institutions fail to do so , then the us constitution itself has failed . 
  and it would not be the first democratic constitution to fail in history , despite it being over a century since its ' last failure ( the civil war ) . 
  does n't interact with matter , but interacts and interferes with the electrical impulses of the brain/nervous system ? 
  and that any technology , no matter how primitive , is magic to those who do n't understand it . 
  be honest , op , did you use debug tools to strategically place fires and make this happen ? 
  or savescum and carfeully extinguish borders of the fire to force it in certain directions ? 
  regarding the 1998 date : it 's not unusual for execution laws to remain `` on the books '' long after the courts actually stop using them in practice . 
  the reason for these laws staying on the books is fairly simple : politicians are reluctant to push for their removal , for fear of being branded `` soft on crime '' by their opponents . 
  even if execution is no longer given as a sentence , it can be argued that it has deterrence value as long as it remains on the books as a possibility . 
  for it to be politically safe to abolish a harsh sentence , particularly with crimes as serious as murder for instance , there needs to be a widespread public consensus on the matter . 
  laws are not always proactive ; often enough , legislation is simply turning reality into law rather than the other way around . 
  not long ago , i was being explained how the president 's policies are outrageous because the us is a nation that was made great by immigration . 
  and i countered that it was made great by heavily restricted immigration and melting-pot integration , not by open borders and multiculturalism . 
  nice goalpost-moving , there . 
  you lot are shills arguing in bad faith and i 'm done indulging you . 
  yes , things absolutely changed even for people who were n't directly in warzones or living in cities targeted by air raids . 
  as far as i know , every country participating in these wars implemented some form of rationing . 
  if not for food , then certainly for fuel and coal , as well as certain other strategic materials like rubber and nylon . 
  even if people had money , they could n't buy these rationed goods more than their rationed allotment . 
  even countries not directly participating in the wars faced shortages of various goods , as international trade broke down and merchant raiding became a factor . 
  important question : do you have any mods installed ? 
  other than that , do you have the transports created as a squadron in the start-point airbase ? 
  the transport squadron is also supposed to be idle , instead of being assigned to an air region . 
  transport planes are n't assigned automatically to a paradrop plan like convoys are to naval invasion plans . 
  back before i quit playing , it was a toss-up between valkyr and banshee . 
  i really enjoyed valkyr 's 4 and the high-risk playstyle that came with it . 
  banshee because of the stealth gameplay enabled by silence . 
  and because sonar + snipetron vandal let me reliably one-shot various annoying non-fodder enemies . 
  plus good memories of awesome clutch games . 
  is bahamas hostile territory ? 
  i 've never tested , but it might be that you 're not allowed to paradrop into friendly territory . 
  are you ... talking about ds1 or ds2 ? 
  for now , guessing 2 , because i do n't recall if ds1 even had levels as such . 
  nothing below blue quality is ever worth buying . 
  if you have any weapons/armor from dlc , then level 15-20 is about the time you should think about upgrading away from those . 
  the gear you get from bounty-hunting side-quests and boss loot is typically superior to what you can buy from the store ; especially if you 're good enough to complete side-quests with underleveled gear . 
  besides that , consumables are typically money better spent than buying gear . 
  only buy weapons with money if you feel that your damage output is n't enough to quickly kill mobs . 
  only buy armor if you take so much damage from enemies that you 're savescumming for perfect dodging . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure it should be reachable . 
  then again , air mechanics are weird when it comes to range ( i.e , radar stations in dover can pick up the whole benelux region , even fully upgraded radar in the benelux ca n't see into british land provinces ) . 
  so it 's entirely possible you 've found an actual bug . 
  ah , forgot one important tip : if you want better weapons , go to vulgrim first and see if you have enough coins for his higher-end guaranteed rarity lootboxes . 
  people in eastern europe getting sick of russian puppets ruling over them , deposing them , and then russia blaming cia . 
  because it 's inconceivable to russia that their neighbors do n't love them after how much soviet dictators and russian oligarchs have fucked those neighbors up . 
  hmm ... is this a reference to a certain annoying dog ? 
  isis technicals , maybe ? 
  eventually , yes , but not immediately after the war . 
  most likely , it would have resulted in an axis cold war by 1950 .
