  the only way russia and china can deter the us from interfering in their affairs is with mad , which is why they 'll never give it up . 
  and because they 'll never give it up , the us ca n't give up its ' nuclear armament unilaterally , either . 
  honestly , i 'm not entirely sure i agree . 
  the power imbalance between nuclear and non-nuclear countries is the cause of a lot of conflict . 
  see for instance ukraine . 
  russia would never have risked annexing crimea or sending its ' troops and equipment into donetsk if ukraine had even tactical nuclear armament . 
  the idea of russia invading the baltics to protect russian minorities from some imaginary persecution would be unthinkable if the baltics had nuclear capability to hit kaliningrad and st. petersburg . 
  likewise , the us would never have invaded iraq if iraq actually had nuclear weapons . 
  world peace with that level of nuclear proliferation would be a tense one , but it would be world peace . 
   slavery . 
  no currently living african american has experienced slavery ( excepting statistically insignificant isolated incidents ) . 
  to claim that slavery is the reason for the racial disparity in american sports is to admit there is an inherent physical ability gap between blacks and whites due to racial eugenics practiced by the slavers . 
  in addition , it 's completely myopic and nonsensical to claim that the physical qualities of african americans were affected by slave eugenics and the mental attributes were n't . 
  either the races are born equal in capability across the board , or there is truth to inborn mental and physical disparities between the races . 
  which is it ? 
  t_d mods have been intimidated into submission on the pizzagate topic . 
  they 're blanket-banning pizzagate because they 're afraid links to cp ( even if the links are edited into a pizzagate thread by spez ) will give the admins the justification to ban or quarantine them . 
  essentially , t_d mods are defending themselves and their subreddit , rather than pedophile subs . 
  spez long-time refusal to ban pedo subreddits was in no way protecting reddit , any claims of protecting free speech rang completely hollow , given the fairly casual banning of fph , european , coontown and others . 
  not to mention the part where china has structural economic problems that ca n't be easily resolved . 
  china is building ghost towns to keep a large portion of their population employed due to automation reducing factory jobs and they 're struggling to keep their currency from massively deflating due to the trade imbalance they have with the us and europe . 
  if there 's a big enough upset in china 's trade relations , as could well happen with trump 's protectionism rhetoric , we might end up seeing another chinese revolution in our lifetime . 
  well , at least the us troops here in the baltics are safe as long as russia does n't try anything stupid . 
  the refugees just do n't stick around here ; nowhere near enough welfare for them and it 's cold as balls to boot . 
  either they try to bail out and apply in germany under a new name , or they get so disillusioned with europe from what they see here , that they willingly go back to syria . 
   but tiny tina , what the hell man !, 
  pedophilia normalization . 
  all part of the globalist progression plan . 
  look up pizzagate for more . 
  it 's not free trade : it 's borderline planned economy with production quotas that must not be exceeded lest you be fined by the eu . 
  in addition , those villages would be shit out of luck if demand for fish drops , or if it becomes cheaper for other eu nations to export olive oil from outside the eu despite all the tariffs . 
  especially since production quota restrictions implicitly prevent profitable enterprise through economy of scale . 
  finally , this top-down enforced specialization destroys the self-sufficiency of entire regions , which will actually be important in times of crisis , war or economic depression . 
  camels , and a bunch of toyota pickups that mysteriously materialized in the region . 
   while chess should * theoretically * only enter stalemate if a player has made a mistake . 
  that is completely off the mark . 
  theoretically speaking , chess only results in win/loss if one player makes a mistake somewhere , no matter how miniscule , and loses as a result . 
  it has n't been mathematically proven yet , but chess is very likely a game where perfect play is possible and results in a draw if both players play perfectly , just like tic-tac-toe . 
  there are just so many combinations and moves for chess that all the possible perfect moves ( including perfect responses to all non-perfect moves ) have n't been figured out yet . 
  that 's exactly the point , south africa should be able to break free by declaring independence and just blocking britain 's efforts to invade and reclaim the territory . 
  being forced to `` invade all of britain 's shit '' to gain independence is not how independence wars work . 
  you 're also mistaken : the government here takes about 50 % of your paycheck , they just hide this high tax rate by pretending the social tax paid by your employer is not something that comes out of your salary . 
  which makes zero logical sense : social tax is strictly linked to how much your employer pays you . 
  if your salary is smaller , then the social tax is smaller and for the employer , social tax is counted as a salary expense in accounting , rather than a tax expense and businesses plan for it accordingly in their profit calculations . 
  flying over the black sea/crimea . 
  will probably get blamed on ukrainian fascists regardless of truth . 
  riiiight . 
  going to have to respectfully disagree with most that . 
  the russian empire was only an improvement over the communist nightmare that followed . 
  beyond that , the russian empire still subscribed to the ideology of `` the world would be a better place if it was entirely slavic and if all other slavs were subjugated to russians , the best of slavs '' . 
  yeah . 
  they were just slowly `` diversifying '' non-russian provinces with russians until the indigenous people became a minority . 
  the only exception being the baltics , whose baltic-german landowners successfully pressured the central government to abandon the policy in their lands . 
  there are plenty of cultural and ethnic minorities that were [ russified out of existence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_extinct_indigenous_peoples_of_russia ) `` for the good of the russian empire '' . 
   the centre party ... has nothing to do with russia . 
  cooperation agreement with united russia ( which they refuse to officially annul ) says otherwise . 
  if trump brought about world peace , the anti-trump groupthink would blame him for destroying the jobs of soldiers and military contractors . 
  never underestimate the left 's ability to delude themselves , if the alternative is admitting they were wrong about something . 
  collateral damage from machinegun fire was not very significant at that time . 
  the most collateral damage they could inflict was if a pilot hit the wrong target area with an mg strafing run . 
  rifle - and mg-caliber bullets that just missed airborne targets in dogfights would lose their velocity and just fall out of the sky as tiny drops of metal rain , considerably slower than the speed at which they 're fired out of guns . 
  ~ ~ they would n't have the mass or velocity to punch through even the shoddiest shack roofs . 
  they might break skin and hurt if they fell directly on a person , but a minor scratch like that would only be dangerous if it got infected ( which in those unsanitary times , close to a chaotic front line was not as unlikely as you 'd think . 
  ) ~ ~ nonetheless , falling bullets do have a chance of seriously injuring someone if they fall directly on them from altitude . 
  however , if falling bullets hit hard objects like roofs , they are likely to lose most of their energy from that first impact and become harmless to any humans below . 
  even a cloth canopy like that of a tent would be enough to dissipate the bullet 's energy to non-lethal levels . 
  however , as i noted in another post , ww1 warzones where planes were relevant had already been shelled out by artillery and abandoned by civilians before armed airplanes become a factor . 
  in world war 2 , collateral damage from air combat and bombing campaigns was more of an issue with bombs ( undetonated or off-target ) and high-caliber cannons . 
  the latter was more an issue with big aa guns like the german 88mm flak guns and the british qf 3.7-inch aa gun . 
  aircraft could n't really mount cannons big enough to cause significant collateral damage unless they actually attacked the wrong target . 
  collateral damage was also one of the issues with protecting regions from bomber raids : too many aa cannons just meant shrapnel and undetonated shells falling back to the ground would end up causing more damage than the enemy bombers ( or v1 flying bombs , in the case of britain ) . 
  the problem was especially bad for densely structured urban areas ( which were also the main target of bombers ) . 
  edit : various edits because poor research earlier . 
  also , it seems i misread and thought you were talking about wwii . 
  the pea-shooters mounted on wwi aircraft had nowhere near the caliber to be dangerous , as described above . 
  by the time armed airplanes became relevant in wwi , there was basically nothing left to damage in the combat area that was n't a military target ( and therefore was n't collateral by definition ) . 
  civilian buildings in the area had already been reduced to rubble by heavy artillery and the civilians themselves had long since evacuated from the relatively static frontline areas . 
  i think the better solution would be to make it so frontier outposts eventually become permanent and stop consuming influence . 
  possibly reduce their ability to project borders as a balance . 
  peaceful types expand less to begin with and have more influence to spend on other stuff . 
  capitalists expand into resource clusters . 
  democratic crusaders expand to uplift/integrate primitives . 
  but really , the game most of all needs to make tall empires more viable . 
  peaceful empires should be capable of holding their own in the late-game without being forced to blob out ( directly or via federation ) to stay competitive . 
  it 's one of the things all pdx games currently fail at : making the tall playstyle equally rewarding to the wide playstyle . 
  you must be an old-timer . 
  their understanding is n't poor . 
  the amount of ideological brainwashing in universities has simply skyrocketed . 
  the young leftists think exactly the things their professors have trained them to think . 
  as far as i can tell , a single shot would fatally wound an armored ogre . 
  two-three minutes to death from the internal and external bleeding . 
  short burst means they have seconds of adrenaline ( or equivalent ) for a few final twitches . 
  after some actual research , i find out i 'm actually mistaken . 
  bullets can fall at speeds high enough to cause serious injury , even if all their velocity is from gravity and the energy of the actual shot has dissipated . 
  editing original post . 
  `` fuck your dreams , boy . 
  you go where the corps think you fit best . '', 
  actually , / u/cyanidelock is mistaken . 
  the aggressive culling of `` unimportant '' courtiers he 's talking about only happens in ai courts . 
  and it only happens to npcs that have no parents or children ( including dead parents and children ) on the family screen .
