  yes . 
  you can use shift-click to delete unwanted items if that screen is getting too cluttered because of this bug . 
  what did i just look at ? 
  glitch ? 
  photoshop ? 
  once you 've already started the crippling debt quest , it does n't disappear , but if you change servers before starting it , it 's much less likely to appear . 
  time travel by the feyfolk , maybe ? 
  more deep-seated , especially when we 're talking about the russian minority that settled in eesti during the soviet occupation . 
  colonizing occupied territories with ethnic russians was as much a part of the soviet occupation policy as establishing military bases . 
  surprisingly , certain older russian minorities , like the [ old believers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_believers ) that settled in estonia in the 17th century are not nearly as hated . 
  so it 's complicated , really . 
  no , it 's not that bad in general . 
  i 'm just considerably more radical than most estonians about the issue . 
  i doubt it 'll ever go as far as forcing anyone out , especially citizens . 
  though all estonians are at least slighly pissed about the fact that they immigrated here decades ago and still ca n't / wo n't speak estonian . 
  also , consider that a lot of these russians are not estonian citizens . 
  some are russian citizens and a good bunch are stateless . 
  though statelessness in estonia does carry some perks , such as being able to go to both russia and the eu without a visa . 
  iirc , virus bombing was discontinued or at least dramatically reduced after the inquisition found out all that death-by-virus was feeding papa nurgle . 
  admittedly , no . 
  i felt no proper closure at the end of the anime . 
  but it was n't because of any shortcomings in the middle . 
  rather , it was because the story had not even properly begun by the time the anime tried to create closure . 
  it was as if tolkien had written fellowship of the ring planning for the trilogy ... and then suddenly found out he would n't be able to complete the trilogy , so the last few chapters get rewritten to provide closure at a point where the story was n't ever meant to end . 
  i never go for doorn , since the general is the only one who deserves the rank of field commander and last i checked , officers ca n't be psi . 
  not anymore , but you used to be able to in the earlier patches . 
  it also appears as an nsfw tag if you see the thread on your front page as i did . 
  according to op 's picture , that 'd be 6 479 . 
  come to think of it , that 's like twice the amount of games i 've played , total . 
  electricity is n't the only thing turkey is providing isis with . 
  they 're also providing them with transportation through turkish territory , money and even guns . 
  looks gray to me . 
  though admittedly , not quite ` silver ' . 
  he can go into rebellion if you attempt to imprison him . 
  not sure about vanilla directly lying about hit chances , but the devs have in fact stated there are mechanisms in the vanilla rng that prevent bad streaks . 
  for instance , in vanilla it 's impossible to miss four high-percentage shots in a row ( iirc , the dev 's example was with 80 % shots ) . 
  and i do n't mean just unlikely : flat out impossible , because the rng forces the fourth high - % shot to hit . 
  take a closer look at the tooltip ; you 're failing the last condition . 
  you are pagan , and the event that starts great pagan holy wars has not triggered yet . 
  note that this is a separate event from christian crusades being triggered . 
  crusades era has begun , but muslim jihad era and pagan great holy war era have not . 
  a pagan religion should get it 's great holy wars around ten years after both conditions are fulfilled . 
  the conditions being :, 
   pagan religion is reformed, 
   crusades or jihads have begun, 
  unlike crusades ( and i think jihads ) , the event that allows them does n't trigger shortly after a certain province is conquered by infidels . 
  it 's random , on average 10 years , after the conditions are fulfilled . 
  how , you ask ? 
  it 's quite simple : someone with no clue about it decided their department should be more environmentally conscious . 
  so now they shut down all the computers when the workday ends . 
  either that , or the department has a budget so small that they 're trying to save on their utility bills by doing that . 
  `` minority protection '' ? 
  alien corpses provide small amounts of meld that is lost if you hit them with any explosives at all . 
  but weapon fragments and such should be recoverable as long as you kill them with a regular weapon . 
   they do n't like to be wrong . 
  more accurately , they do n't like to feel the they and their knowledge are obsolete ... even though that 's exactly what they 're becoming . 
  do n't diss the design . 
  alloy shivs are amazing , because they can overwatch and be mobile cover at the same time . 
  human history has gone on long enough that a person who lived in ancient times * has two options : either they are a direct ancestor of everyone currently alive . 
  or they are nobody 's direct ancestors , because they had no children . 
  * - specifically , around the time the pyramids were built in egypt, 
  i 'm not talking about y-adam and mit-eve . 
  people have travelled and mingled throughout history , including having children far from where they were born.despite not being y-adam and mit-eve , all people from the ~ 3000 bc time period are common ancestors for all of humanity by now , excepting people whose lineage has gone extinct their lineage has gone extinct at some point between then and now . 
  some guy here came up with the idea that the caretaker is convinced the supplies you bring back from outside the hamlet are tainted by evil and burns them while you 're not looking . 
  the gold and heirlooms are better guarded , so he ca n't get at those . 
  i suppose bipedal designs are more versatile in general , though bipedal robot designs have plenty of inherent problems as well . 
  even if we leave basic mechanical reliability aside , the complex mechanisms of bipedal motion are always going to take up more volume in a machine 's design , volume that wo n't get used for additional armor and/or heavier weaponry that could be mounted on a tracked design of the same tech level . 
  hmm ... `` attempted to kill init ! '', 
  sounds like something the floran sail might try to do . 
  let 's be honest , anyone who wanted to could see this by pausing their gameplay video at the right moment . 
  and given how some fans go over the scenes meticulously and pause frequently to examine all the details hoping to notice something nobody else has so they can earn some karma with it ... 
  for a long time , my main melee was gram . 
  this was of course back when 2h melee was still viable and the galatine did not exist yet . 
  took a long break from the game and returned to discover melee 2.0 . 
  i miss being able power-attack a path through any infested swarm with my beautiful gram :'(, 
  gorgon . 
  i got it back when it was possible to get the bp through gameplay , rather than the daily reward rng . 
  more or less useless against everything . 
  too inaccurate and too slow to spool up to be useful against single enemies . 
  if you use it against a swarm , the gun can spool up ... but that only means corpses soak up the clip . 
  against bosses , it 's the invulnerability frames that soak up most of the bullets . 
  at least i did n't put any forma into it . 
  only reason i have n't thrown it out is because i was dumb enough to potato it . 
  only if they 're not deep underground . 
   if you do n't like getting hit by arty , learn to play with arty . 
  translation : avoid being being spotted . 
  avoid being out in the open . 
  translation ii : the first side to stop camping in an arty-safe position loses . 
  so basically , russia thinks that international obligations and arbitration are something that only countries other than russia have to respect . 
  russia ignoring treaties it has signed whenever they become inconvenient for them is nothing now . 
  even if the western elements of the alliance bury their head in sand and pretend nothing is happening , lithuania still wo n't be alone in that fight . 
  they will certainly be getting help from estonia and latvia , and more importantly from poland . 
  and once poland is involved , russia wo n't be able to win with `` little green men '' in lithuania . 
  especially since lithuania has phased out ex-soviet equipment and uses nato weapons , meaning that bullshit russian claims about local insurgents seizing lithuanian weapons will be even less credible than it is in ukraine . 
  they 'll have to go in full-force . 
  at which point the the west wo n't have a way out of approving article 5 response unless they abandon nato entirely . 
  hardly just a chinese thing . 
  russia does n't care either . 
  it says the word in the opening narration , around the time the tentacles start showing up , i think . 
  even that is questionable .
