  ... but not venison or the raw meat from various carnivores like wolves , bear and saber cats . 
  good to know . 
  thanks for the screenshot . 
  not quite . 
  it was n't the actual government of iceland that was in debt , but rather the privately owned banks . 
  rather than using taxpayer money to bail out the banks and prevent them from defaulting on their debts , they let their banks collapse . 
  messing with tes5edit ? 
  never done that before . 
  is it absolutely necessary ? 
  i got the second and third installed normally , and everything seems to work . 
  aside from ccor , which i did not install at all , since my first character since reinstall was not going to level smithing . 
  some economists do believe they 're better of than the us , or will be in the long term . 
  i have n't looked too much into it myself . 
  [ here 's a link ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/what-the-world-can-learn-from-icelands-default-model-2011-8?op=1 ) i came across that gives a summary of the events . 
  can confirm . 
  have attempted conquering soviet union as estonia in hoi3 black ice . 
  ( heavy cheat-modding involved , of course ), 
  estonia also makes a fine pagan blob in ck2 . 
  sadly , no estonia exists in euiv . 
  only livonian order . 
  i 'm guessing they 'd have made a carrier-specific ( and easier to land ) redesign to the 109 if they 'd ever got the project far enough . 
  wow , i had completely forgotten about that . 
  played on pc using kb/m . 
  i ended up downloading a tool to bind mouse directions to kb buttons , because even at max sensitivity , i just could n't move the mouse far enough to get the position right and while i was slamming the mouse on the desk back to the opposite direction to get extra distance , the star destroyer pulled back toward its ' starting position , negating everything i did . 
  eventually , i got it with kb-only , because i could hold down a button infinitely . 
  the trick was ignoring the fighters in the final phase and praying you trigger the cutscene before they kill you . 
  damn satisfying to finally pull it off , though . 
  last i looked into it , the mod was `` finished '' with a few parts abandoned as `` unsalvageable '' . 
  could you add the ship storage ... thing for comparison ? 
  as stated before in various places , the devs do plan to implement additional , alternative progression methods . 
  a farming-based progression path has been mentioned , as well as a base-building path that would n't require you to upgrade your ship . 
  no details yet , of course, 
  assuming you 're not playing on a console , you can use console commands to select a target and use `` getav '' to see their current magica/stamina/health ( or whatever else ) . 
  npc mages just have massive ( ~ +500 % ) inherent magicka regen bonuses . 
  in addition to any robes they 've got equipped . 
  they also cheat outright . 
  for npcs , having a concentration spell active ( like ward or a destruction spray ) does not reduce magicka regen to zero like it does for players . 
  regarding destruction damage types , ablebodie has already made a great summary . 
  though i 'd like to add that shock is also a good choice because very few enemies in game have resistance to shock , even if they do n't have a vulnerability to it . 
  the only one i know from memory is the shock atronach . 
  not for open cities itself , but for compatibility with other mods . 
  otherwise you 'd start getting quest npcs and other things that are unreachable because they spawn in the `` closed '' city cell that still exists in vanilla files . 
  nothing much . 
  we like to complain about how everything is worse in estonia . 
  and we take such complaining seriously enough to work at making it true . 
  in all seriousness , though , i as an estonian , am not sure what that jump on the graph is about . 
  i 'd understand if this was a comparison between 2008 ( just before the real estate bubble burst ) and 2014 . 
  between 2013 and 2014 , we 've mostly had things going toward more recovery from the crisis years . 
  for learning russian , tallinn is probably fine . 
  plenty of russian-speakers in the * lasnam\u00e4e * part of the city and plenty of english-speakers everywhere . 
  you might run into the problem of nobody speaking anything but russian in narva . 
  not sure how much of a problem this might be for you , though , since i do n't know anything about your current level of familiarity with the language . 
  also , spring/summer are probably better times to visit than autumn/winter , because of usual season-based mood shifts . 
  but if you do visit , do n't believe everything you hear from local russian . 
  for instance , estonians being nazis or nazi-sympathizers is complete bs made up by russian propaganda . 
  we only hate the soviets just as much ( or maybe a bit more ) . 
  sorry , i 'm estonian myself . 
  i do n't actually know much russian myself , beyond knowing the basic pronunciation of cyrillic letters and a few very basic words . 
  for instance , it was only thanks to the english context leading up to it that i managed to figure out the last part was about you living in narva . 
  i 'm guessing you probably could manage in narva . 
  teresa vs priscilla definitely is n't it . 
  it was an awesome fight and all , but it has to be [ miria vs loyalists ] ( http://i22.mangareader.net/claymore/107/claymore-2454037.jpg ) , for me . 
  first , the shock of miria dying after all that . 
  but then , the whole `` victory in defeat '' aspect revealed a few chapters later really made the fight awesome beyond belief in retrospect . 
  miria vs hysteria was a close second , though . 
  the problem is , the regular steal x covert ops do n't really affect the target sponsor at all as far as i can tell . 
  they just generate a lump sum of extra points for you every twenty turns out of nowhere . 
  i understand the design decision , though . 
  i suspect it would make early covert ops rushing very op , if it could be used to lock lock down all enemy research and energy with stealing . 
   in 5 years you app for dual citizenship, 
  not necessarily that simple . 
  many countries demand that an applicant renounce any other citizenships as part of the process of becoming a citizen . 
  estonia is among these countries . 
  well , to get technical with it , physical attacks against political enemies were not something exclusively practiced by the nazis at the time . 
  they were legitimately ( or at least no less legitimately than any other german party at the time ) elected into the reichstag in 1932 , not simply by killing and imprisoning opponents but by taking advantage of the political violence between the radical parties ( most notably , nsdap itself and kpd , the communist party ) . 
  hitler promised to restore law and order to germany and got elected on that platform . 
  of course , he made no mention of the fact that his party was one of the major reasons behind the chaos , along with the communists . 
  after being elected , the nazis did collaborate with other conservative parties and politicians in a coalition government . 
  the large-scale removal of political opponents did not start until after hitler became chancellor in 1933 . 
  here 's my [ full load order ] ( http://pastebin.com/sabav12p ) ; without ccor and related patches . 
  most of it was put in this order by boss . 
  the exceptions being smim and skyrim better roads ( which i moved up in the list manually ) , plus anonymous people , which i left to be loaded after requiem , because it made sense based on what i know of load order principles . 
  the only problem with that load order i 've noticed so far is a texture conflict for skyforge steel shields carried by companions . 
  also , i definitely have no issue with endorsing the patch-makers in exchange for your merged file . 
  anonymous people is a subtle but significant immersion change . 
  it makes named npcs appear as `` stranger '' in subtitles and talking prompts before you talk to them for the first time . 
  it should n't conflict with requiem at all , and if it would , i 'd want its changes to override requiem . 
  hence its ' position . 
  the rest of it ... well , i * do n't * exactly know what i 'm doing . 
  but i have n't had reason not to trust boss so far . 
  in fact , is n't applying boss changes to your load order one of the instructions in the requiem install guide ? 
  it 's also added into the game by civil war overhaul ... but that mod is basically `` play the civil war and see how far you get until something breaks and it becomes unwinnable '', 
  also because the original crysis had some absolute garbage optimization that was n't fixed until the warhead standalone expansion . 
  it 's locked behind a master level door lock in the basement . 
  i only saw it because i pickpocketed a key from her . 
  i read it was a mechanical failure in his plane forcing the pilot to fly low and slow enough to be vulnerable to the short-range aa of isis . 
  ca n't find the source article for that anymore , though , so it 's possible that article was wrong about it and got taken down . 
  glad to see adept on top . 
  ran with an elf adept ( for the charisma/etiquettes ) in my first ( and most memorable ) run . 
  very much so .
