  in particular , a big advantage of a diesel engine is that its ' work cycle does n't need the electrical system to keep going after the initial ignition . 
  if the generator belt of a diesel car snaps on the road , you can keep driving until you run out of fuel . 
  with a gasoline engine , on the other hand , you can only drive on for as long as you still have battery power ( which wo n't be very long ) . 
  it 's possible the network guy believes that the `` well fuck , got ta wipe and start again '' portion of work is what he 's getting paid for . 
  and he fears that if that part goes away , he get deemed redundant ( at least in the eyes of hr ) . 
  still fucks up your positions when the ai starts redeploying troops as salients form . 
  the ai in the beta patch is broken . 
  something has completely borked its ' troop positioning priorities . 
  see the posts where the germans deploy all their divisions on the jugoslavian border while france is pushing over the maginot . 
  or where the soviets put everything on the turkish border and keep them there , suffering massive attrition , while the germans run through moscow unopposed . 
  as a local that 's actually used the road : the seatbelt thing is a really dumb bureaucratic decree . 
  by far the most likely accident on those roads is that you 'll lose control of the car and crash into the deep snow mounds on the sides of the road . 
  the exception , of course , is if the road has already been officially closed because it 's dangerously thin , and you still decide to use it . 
  yep , the speed limit is about not breaking the ice . 
  the ice will vibrate as your car drives over it . 
  if you 're below the forbidden speed , the vibrations travel much faster than your car , and safely dissipate . 
  if you 're above the forbidden speed you outpace the vibrations and the new vibrations created by your car cancel out the ones you 've already outrun . 
  within the forbidden speed however , the vibrations pile up just ahead of you and continuously amplify each other . 
   in reality extremism still exists but in fptp system their opinion just does n't get represented as much as it should be . 
  the worst part about this is that extremists who are unable to see their political views represented may end up radicalizing further , instead of giving up their views . 
  if they have no hope of achieving their political goals through legal , democratic means , then eventually they 'll turn to terrorism . 
  the estonian president has a lot less power than that , though . 
  most of his job description involves representing estonia in various diplomatic publicity meetings . 
  his only legal power is refusing to approve bills sent to him from parliament , if he believes the bill to be unconstitutional or grossly flawed . 
  and even then the parliament can just override his opinion and compel the president to approve . 
  and iirc , the estonian president can also declare a state of emergency or a state of war , if the prime minister 's cabinet and the parliament are both incapacitated . 
  with the major difference that the dirt road is n't going to crack underneath you and put you in the drink . 
  the biased media refuses to speak of it . 
  the nine companies that control over 90 % of us media are colluding with the dnc , and likely with each other , to ensure certain topics are kept out of the public eye . 
  meanwhile , admins and moderators of social media platforms like reddit and facebook are using their privileges to remove and suppress any facts and discussions that undermine their own ideological narrative . 
  trump needs to get elected so he can break up that circle of political corruption . 
  that 's probably the broken spirit modifier that defeated peasant leaders get when they lose their revolt . 
  i think it 's a -5 or -10 to all stats . 
  then again , the guy is also slow , so he probably would n't be a mastermind in the first place . 
  it 's the actual fireball of heat that vaporizes a person close enough to a nuclear detonation . 
  the immediate impact of alpha , beta and gamma radiation is miniscule compared to the heat produced in the detonation . 
  typically , yes , i start at lv1 . 
  however , on occasion i have also used advskill to create advanced starts for roleplay reasons . 
  it really depends on the specific character . 
  for instance , i wanted to play as an older , reasonably experienced vigilant of stendarr , implying at the very least an ability to cast basic restoration spells in heavy armor . 
  i certainly did n't feel guilty about using advskill to increase my character to the same level of ability as regular vigilant npcs . 
  the problem with desolate areas is that in those cases the imperials wo n't send a massive invading army ; they 'll send an expedition force to explore . 
  why ? 
  because current food regulation is a completely overregulated clusterfuck . 
  much of it is based on alarmism and seems to operate under the assumption that people are too stupid to make their own decisions about what they should eat . 
  and the remainder is the big agro donors of the democratic party getting exceptions for their products . 
  the idea that trump 's plan is to just remove all regulation is flat out misrepresentation by the biased media . 
  his plan is to work out a new , more consistent set of regulations from scratch and scrap the current mess . 
  i suspect the reason for this is to make it a reasonable choice to buy guns in the early game . 
  if this is to be fixed/changed , then it ought to happen through trade pricing modifiers , instead of altering base costs . 
  would be interesting to have traders demand certain goods that they lack , paying a premium to obtain them . 
  since you 're also building with angel 's refining : any suggestions for a crush & sort line that actually scales well ? 
  everything i 've done so far has just ended up turning into a spaghetti because of either sorting the ore output before the furnace columns , or because of having to filter out slag and crushed stone from the line . 
  oh , i am worried and outraged that the most powerful country in the world ( and the main guarantor of my country 's independence ) is that corrupt . 
  but there is n't much i can do about it except try and open people 's eyes on the internet . 
  on account of not being an american . 
  heck , the closest i 've physically been to the western hemisphere is a trip to germany about ten years back . 
  `` a minor naval skirmish near midway '', 
  the only thing that they might do to postpone trump from taking office , is obama going off the rocker , declaring martial law and trying to go full third-world-dictator until the patriots in the secret service shut him down . 
  well , this is certainly a nice reminder of the big controversy around that mistral deal . 
  glad to see my pessimism of egypt selling the things to russia was unfounded . 
  it 's a known bug . 
  apparently , it 's possible to generate so much world tension that the values associated start to overflow . 
  alternatively : democracies reduce world tension when they go to war and make peace deals , which is completely demented . 
  britain being a democracy by default may cause the sign on its ' wt events to flip , meaning fascist britain might occasionally reduce world tension with actions that should increase tension instead . 
  basically , you 're out of luck . 
  the only thing you can really do is blockade britain and deny them the rubber and oil they need to produce airplanes , and then grind them down . 
  starved of rubber and oil is a -60 % malus to production efficiency and production efficiency growth . 
  or even -90 % , if they 're also out of aluminum , but i ca n't remember if britain has aluminum on its ' islands . 
  an efficient blockade means they do n't get their production efficiency back when they switch to the next tier of airplanes . 
  ideally , you want to knock britain out of the war with paratroopers before 1938 . 
  after that year , the only sure-fire way to beat their crazy air production is by throwing all the resources and factories of africa and eurasia at them . 
  honestly , encircled areas with no units or ports in them should just flip by themselves after a week or two passes . 
  i really dislike the idea of `` impassable '' terrain , myself . 
  it was there in hoi3 , and it led to all kinds of gamey tactics with paratroopers or making units deploy there . 
  if i 've read the patch notes right , this is one of the changes made in the 1.2 patch : sinking convoys should now reduce resource gain . 
  not only that , but subs should no longer waste their time trying to target supply convoy routes with no ships assigned to them . 
  ( these `` ghost '' convoys are created when islands/colonies with no units on them are being `` supplied '' without actually needing any supplies . ), 
  you trust that congress would impeach him quickly enough ? 
  i think that 's because countries ca n't lose major status once they have qualified ? 
  that , or because `` historical '' majors like france , britain etc. 
  are all hardcoded to be majors even if they do n't meet the normal conditions . 
  have you tried overhauls blackice ? 
  it was primarily about keeping european diplomatic games and the possibility of more colonial conflicts out of the new world . 
  it may have been just posturing , but it was effective enough posturing that european regimes apparently took it seriously . 
  which makes the original question a moot point . 
  put this deplorable in the basket !, 
  ( and me as well ), 
  it almost looks as if his turret ring got destroyed in the ram . 
  hmm ... we also have complete crafting overhaul . 
  that 's not going to be confusing at all . 
  better yet : make rockets an actual piece of equipment that needs to be produced , instead of just having them \\* poof \\* into existence . 
  one of the major reasons historical v2 rockets failed was because germany did n't have the resources to produce them in enough quantity to be effective at strategic bombing . 
  the tsarist government was doomed from the february revolution onward . 
  the provisional government did have the chance to establish a democratic government or a constitutional monarchy that would certainly have moved to modernize the country . 
  and they likely would have had an easier time at it , since they would n't have been the international pariah that soviet russia became after the october revolution . 
  heck , one of the foundations of fascist propaganda was the whole `` bulwark against bolshevism '' rhetoric . 
  without soviet russia to fund and inspire revolutionary movements in europe , who knows if the likes of hitler and mussolini would have ever gained the popular traction to take power in the first place . 
  you used observer mode , therefore all your evidence of ai stupidity is invalid . 
   tehdonald needs to be held responsible for this snafu .
