  depends a lot on which primarch the inquisitor is trying to clone . 
  hm , and here 's a thought . 
  the primarch might be a bit confused , and probably weaker than intended as they wake up for the first time . 
  there 's only so much training that can be done in a cloning tank . 
  might be an interesting idea to have the primarch start at 40 in all stats across the board , but gaining +5 to a random stat each turn , to a crazy resting point like , say ... 75 . 
  to simulate the primarch gaining full control of their abilities . 
  depends on a lot of factors , really . 
  if the local muslim community is big enough that the refugees can just get everything they need done without having to integrate into western society , it definitely becomes problematic , as we 've seen in germany , sweden and . 
  if they do n't have a local muslim community that can support them indefinitely , then the muslims do make an effort to integrate . 
  a lot also depends on the local imams . 
  [ here 's a case from denmark ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-imp-0xezg&amp;user=krqlle123 ) . 
  the website of the imam 's mosque speaks about promoting mutual understanding across religions and cultures . 
  however when two muslim citizens of denmark go undercover as a refugee couple , the imam is telling them in private how to abuse the welfare system and telling them not to integrate into danish society , as well as telling them it 's the husband 's privilege to have multiple wives if he so wishes . 
  reminds me of that scene in primorida , where zombie robots moan for `` cycles '' and `` memory '' as they advance on the main characters . 
  lots of fanfics that i keep telling myself i 'm going to finish some day . 
  except the last time i wrote anything for them was close to two years ago . 
  russian borders have always been focused equally around keeping people in as they are on keeping people out . 
  and the borders in europe have infrastructure good enough that the russians can easily lock them down if they want to . 
  the russians were allowing their organized crime groups to use the finnish and norwegian borders for getting rapefugees into europe , starting from last september . 
  now the amount of refugees crossing those borders has suddenly dropped . 
  from the sudden rise of rapefugees coming across the estonian border , it seems like russia has shifted the focus to harming the baltics with migrants . 
  there was also a global recession taking place . 
  did n't pretty much all the new democracies created after wwi slide into dictatorship by the time wwii started ? 
  i think finland and poland were the only two exceptions . 
  first time you * beat * the darkest dungeon . 
  wiping or retreating does n't cause this . 
  what 's even worse is when start side-scraping a corner , and one of those bots rolls up behind you , locks you down and starts shooting you in the back of your turret . 
  at least i hope that was bot behavior i encountered . 
  an actual player behaving like this quite frankly boggles the mind . 
  edit : a word, 
  while i admit i 've complained about unicum behavior before , i can get ... about 90 % behind this post . 
  what problems i have with the game ( besides my own skill level ) relate to balance issues wg refuses to fix and outright toxic/selfish unicum behavior . 
  i 'm guessing a big reason for why tomato heavies remain bad for so long is because wot game mechanics are somewhat counterintuitive . 
  in most other team games , the `` tanks '' are really good at surviving damage and taking hits for the team . 
  which is sort-of how it works at up to tier 3 or 4 . 
  in high-tier wot , however , the heavies are actually the best at not taking damage . 
  so basically , without anyone to tell them otherwise , a pubbie can be completely oblivious to reality and fool themselves into thinking they 're `` taking one for the team '' while the selfish unicums are taking advantage of their usefulness to rack up damage without risking their own tanks . 
  or that their team is sucking out by not taking advantage of their distraction of the enemy team . 
  tl : dr , wot mechanics at higher tier are unexpectedly more complicated than the tuturial covered , and tomatos fool themselves into thinking their death is useful to the team . 
  iirc , wg has been hinting that historical battles might make a combeack as a pve game mode at some point . 
  but it 's probably going to be small teams against bots , similar to armored warfare 's pve . 
  definitely not something where you 're the only player . 
  eh , loss of resources kind of made sense within the plot of me and witcher . 
  losing physical resources due to circumstances is not that unreasonable . 
  even a single individual suffering from memory loss does n't break immersion . 
  handwaving away the knowledge and technology of an organization is far more unreasonable . 
  it would produce far too many plot holes to take away end-game research in a `` well , you lost anyway '' scenario transitioning from eu/ew to xcom2 . 
  if shen and bradford made it out , then they would have been able to get out with a few hard drives of science data . 
  and being a brilliant engineer , shen would have reconstructed * something * over 20 years , stealing elerium from the aliens . 
  if shen and bradford did n't make it out , then why would a `` new '' resistance front risk the rescue of the captured commander of a `` failed '' defense force . 
  or put him in charge of all the operations like that , without any real proof of his competence or loyalty after spending 20 years under alien control . 
  oh i do know they were n't really a bot . 
  i just prefer to pretend they were a bot . 
  because considering another person to be subhuman is even worse . 
  considering how obsessively wiles ' looked for the solution to fermat 's last theorem , it 's safe to say that if there had been a complete proof available with only 17th century mathematical knowledge as the basis , he would have found it long before needing to prove a modern conjecture . 
  russia 's abundance of muslims is not so much `` take them in '' as it is `` conquer their lands without expelling them '' . 
  and you trust the admins to be saying the truth ? 
  i would n't put it past those leftists to lie in protection of an ideology they support . 
  after all , they support banning `` hateful '' subreddits , but refuse to respond when being called out on the continued existence of srs . 
  from estonia . 
  agree that hitler was the second worst after stalin . 
  hmm ... 
  fanatic , pagan and denounced are definitely a no-go for the extra modifier . 
  quirks as a rule do not ( and should not ) affect the rest of the party . 
  but the idea of having religious status beyond class is a good one , i think . 
  to resolve the first issue / u/lf9lp8p mentioned , a character with none of these traits should default to class . 
  and to resolve the second , gaining a new religious trait would replace/delete the previous one , so only one religion-related trait can be active at a time . 
  what makes this situation troubling is that this discrepancy may suggest the vote counters did n't actually count anything . 
  they could 've just made up a result that falls close enough in line with earlier polling results that people wo n't cast doubt on it and present that as the result . 
  and we would n't know unless there was an impartial recount . 
  the problem is , those methods rely on the party in power , who have no motivation to cast doubt on the result that `` elected '' them into office . 
  it 's less `` conspiracy to rob this candidate of his votes '' and more `` conspiracy to just make up a favorable result that 's still believable '', 
  to me , the big one is the assumption that vampires must drain a person to death , resulting in a missing person each time they feed . 
  they have to uphold the masquerade , after all . 
  killing kine willy-nilly would attract unwanted attention . 
  sure , and then wg gives us missions to get ram kills . 
  do n't be dense . 
  humiliating that last place candidate by giving him zero votes was never the goal of their election fraud . 
  that particular discrepancy of giving him zero votes was just the reason they got caught this time . 
  i think he 's talking about latvia . 
  edit : because they do hold that parade in memory of the latvian ss that fought on the eastern front . 
  not because they 're nazis . 
  plus , their obsence rng . 
  it 's entirely possible to accidentally hit an ally if the enemy you amied for unexpectedly pulls back and the ally pushes forward around the corner to where the enemy was . 
  of course they 're not . 
  `` old stock '' does n't vote liberal , so the cucks are trying import people who ( they think ) will vote for them . 
  and it 's entirely possible the muslims will vote for them , once they 've taken over the `` liberal '' party by way of [ entryism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entryism ) . 
  lights and meds certainly do move fast enough . 
  if they 're passively peeking around a rock to spot , not to shoot , it 's definitely fair game to shoot enemies behind the rock or ridge that 's blocking the fire for your other allies . 
  killing unsuspecting spotters in hard cover is one of the most useful things arty can do for the team . 
  reference to the world of darkness tabletop rpg . 
  vampire word for humans in that universe . 
  it stills procs at least one second 's worth of damage even after breaking line sight . 
  most veneral diseases can also infect you through open wounds , like you 'd sustain in battle if the maggot bit you in the ankle . 
  also , eldritch sludge can probably even infect your through the skin on contact alone . 
   mobile link, 
  well clearly , you 're not a nerd . 
  a few days ago , i saw an article that gave a really based description of populism :, 
   `` populism - any popular political idea that the intelligentsia disagrees with . '', 
  whoever made this map clearly forgot [ ekre ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/900x599/zxztzvp5pik/ekre-korraldatud-marss-torvikumarss-70960629.jpg ) from estonia .
