   can dunmer make potions and enchant items and sneak as if they did have the first perk of those skill trees ? 
  pretty much this ; they have a hidden racial perk that allows them to be not-useless at those things even if they have not taken any perks in the appropriate trees . 
  they do get a minor boost to potion/enhantment strength and sneaking if they take the first perk , though . 
  and of course , the first perk is required to progress further in the perk tree for the more powerful abilities . 
  is n't alduin heavily scripted , though ? 
  as in , he normally just kneels and regenerates if he takes fatal damage , and global scripts and quest stages are checked before his immortality is removed ? 
  edit : at any rate , my bet 's on the fish . 
  being in the water protects it from all of alduin 's attacks . 
  they do n't , which is why they 're so insistent on bringing in migrants : they 're hoping the invaders will start paying all the taxes so the leftists that let them in can live off welfare . 
  not an officer , and not american either , but i have been a conscript at one point in my life . 
  since this thread is being awfully quiet , i 'll give it my two cents even if it was n't quite what op was looking for . 
  as a leader and officer , itami is not completely terrible despite kuribayashi 's comments and his own habit of slacking . 
  he may complain to himself while filling out the paperwork , but he still gets it done . 
  he 's the charismatic type of leader that keeps morale up while his competent subordinates handle the details . 
  and he is capable of making command decisions and sticking to them , without allowing himself to be pushed around . 
  that said , things would be very much different , if itami was in charge of less competent soldiers than recon team 3 . 
  as we saw in the fight against the dragon : more than half the team attacking the nest died . 
  as a leader , itami should have expected and compensated for the dark elves ' lack of training with additional micromanagement . 
  or better yet , hiding in the caves a few more days to run the dark elves through additional equipment drills . 
  however , the most jarring point was that even with his political connections , he should probably have gotten a dishonorable discharge . 
  if not at some earlier point , then unquestionably so when he jumped off the helo at the last moment to go and help tuka get revenge against the dragon . 
  i also got the impression that the jsdf was being exceptionally relaxed with equipment security in the special region . 
  for instance , getting as many rpg launchers as he did for attacking the dragon was quite unusual , if the pretext of his mission was scouting the special region for resources . 
  it 's also worth noting that not all of those who were victimized by stalin 's regime were killed . 
  many more were unjustly imprisoned and deported to siberia . 
  just because the victims did n't die as a result does n't mean the regime 's treatment of the was any less criminal . 
  two questions about hoi4 , which i 'm very much looking forward to . 
  * is it going to be possible to mod hoi4 to start the game earlier than 1936 ( without breaking the ~ ~ game ~ ~ engine ) ? 
  * are all minor nations going to have some unique national focus options , or will some really minor ones be left with generic ones ? 
  you 're not alone in this . 
  i too , have a very hard time writing lies into my cv . 
  it goes against pretty much every principle i have . 
  you should n't have to lie about your abilities and qualifications to get a job . 
  except every employer likes to write impossible requirements that nobody ( who 's willing to work for the pay they 're offering ) could ever hope to meet . 
  i assume you 're talking about the events close to the end of the first season of stand-alone complex ? 
  i must say i did n't really take away the impression that section 9 really bothered itself with `` justice '' in any meaningful sense . 
  it was a case of left hand fighting the right hand . 
  section 9 did nothing their rival agencies were n't trying to do to them . 
  chief aramaki had enough political influence to survive and togusa had n't been with section 9 for long enough to know any really dirty secrets . 
  but the rest of section 9 was probably going to be thrown in prison indefinitely or straight-up executed without ever getting any kind of trial or due process either . 
  i believe the argument behind that kind of attitude is along the lines of `` they 'd do the same to us if they had the chance '' . 
  which probably is n't as far off the mark as many people like to believe , considering how many reports we 're seeing about refugees raping and stealing in the countries they end up in . 
   `` i have n't been trained on ( blank ) . 
  please call back in the morning and speak with the day shift . '', 
  that could totally be something out of * cards against humanity * . 
  nope , this is working as intended . 
  the giant slaughterfish and all its ' abilities are something added by requiem . 
  not really . 
  very much oversimplifying here , but a nuclear reactor is basically built around the fuel and firmly sealed to prevent radiation leaking out . 
  when it 's time to replace the fuel , the reactor needs to be cut open to remove waste material . 
  it 's safer to build a new reactor around the new fuel , than it is to put the old reactor back together . 
  the risk of radiation leaks is just too much for a `` recycled '' reactor to be worth it . 
  that would most likely be a new court case , to which this precedent does n't apply . 
  the interpretation here seems to be that only actual press representatives can be protected by the 1st amendment protections for freedom of press . 
  just a random guy with the ability to record does n't qualify as `` press '' . 
  so they were . 
  seems like i misread something , then . 
  in that case , that judgment is every bit as fucked up as it looks on the surface . 
  looking for a comic where north korea is threatening war with south korea , but then notices china and russia are both having their own problems and then offers to negotiate . 
  using a vpn is against the steam tos . 
  they 're not making any effort to ban people for it right now , but they can tell when it 's happening and have banned people for it when publishers complain about people circumventing region locks . 
  mind you , the bonuses mentioned in the article are for a french company . 
  their tax laws and forms are different . 
  i 'd say the timing is coincidence . 
  somebody made a report against you way before the ` incident ' with otter , and support took its ' time to review the report . 
  no , not this one , i 'm afraid . 
  some more details i remember : usa shows up on a boat called uss muh freedom ; china is busy trying to figure out why economy ca n't always be growing ; russia is pretending to be rich with monopoly money . 
  remember it ? 
  i have used a desktop at our trade school that still has it . 
  our class is learning software development . 
  hearts of iron 4 . 
  also , it has n't even been a month since x-com 2 launched and i already have around 100 hours logged on it , so that 's saying something . 
  that 's the one , thanks !, 
  heresy !, 
  the great commandy one is the one true protector of humanity !, 
  heck , digging through the dev console and its ' autocomplete feature , you can find pretty much the entire eu tech tree . 
  check the spells and innate abilities he can cast . 
  i suspect he 's got some npc-only regen spell/racial ability with no magicka cost that he can use at the start of a fight . 
  they ca n't , because then they 'd have to create a vaguely competent ai for pve to be challenging . 
  the beginning of the article was pretty decent , the part where it described the issue of mistrust and expressed concern over it . 
  then it all devolved into typical delusional leftist propaganda . 
  they kept insisting that the journalists of germany have not done anything wrong purposely , and it 's all just innocent mistakes . 
  that this is a problem of image and pr . 
  a problem with how the media is perceived by the people because of right-wing agitation taking advantage of `` mistakes '' made by journalists . 
  as usual , the implication was that educated , well-informed people are still on the side of leftism and merely concerned about too many accidental `` mistakes '' being made by the media . 
  and naturally , those that continue to insist there are deep-seated ideological issues in journalism are hateful right-wing extremists who want to destroy free press . 
  they went on to call the internet a dangerous echo chamber for the extremists , completely oblivious to how their own newsrooms can be just as bad of an echo chamber , if not worse . 
  the only problem they admitted at all was journalists being in their ivory towers too much and having difficulty manipulating people more familiar with reality than the journalists are . 
  it 's less about your personal taxes and more about taxes your company pays . 
  a company registered in estonia only pays estonian taxes , even if the owner is american ( e-residence irrelevant here ) . 
  when the american owner receives dividends , they only pay us taxes on them . 
  what the e-residency does is greatly simplify the bureaucratic process of setting up a business . 
  the only reason you still need to show up in estonia at all , is because a new company in estonia needs a bank account before it can be registered , and eu money laundering countermeasures require you to be present in person to set up an account . 
  a lot of the e-residency promotional text is just marketing fluff . 
  the intention of it is making it easier to set up businesses in estonia . 
  however , it 's still not practical to do business operations in the us with a company registered in estonia ; it 's probably just going to result in double taxation . 
  the intention is that you create a business that operates in estonia , providing jobs and taxes for estonia . 
  and if you are successful , possibly create a us subsidiary for the ` estonian ' company . 
  yeah , that 's the day of the celebration . 
  however , estonia did have independence between the two world wars for considerably longer than one day .
