  but that does n't change the fact nobody deserves an a. 
  and of course , this news gets released on monday afternoon . 
  rather than the usual late friday evening timing reserved for news that `` should '' be quickly forgotten . 
  not the issue here . 
  it 's illegal for everyone , russia got caught . 
  what makes it particularly egregious , is that most nations just look the other way when their own athletes are doping . 
  meanwhile , russia has just been caught actively using its ' security services to cover up the doping of their own athletes . 
  regular behavior is authorities looking the other way when their own athletes are doping and then pretending they did n't know about it . 
  russian behavior is sending in the security services to make sure the evidence is destroyed and prevent anyone involved from whistleblowing . 
  mass uprising . 
  it would have turned into an afghanistan the size of eastern europe . 
  on top of that , it would have massively reduced the manpower pool available to the soviet union , since it would have to make do almost exclusively with ethnic russian troops . 
  poland and east germany could not have been trusted with as much armament as they were historically , meaning more actual soviet troops in east germany , guarding the border . 
  and post-wwii , the soviets were already facing demographic problems because of how many men were killed in the war . 
   the amount of media manipulation is stagnating, 
  am i parsing this wrong somehow , or did you mean ` staggering ' instead of ` stagnating ' ? 
  because if the amount of media manipulation was stagnating , it would be a good thing , right ? 
  oh god , that 's even better !, 
  it was less about locking in their power ( though it did result in that ) , and more about not repeating the mistakes of the league of nations . 
  if the ussr/usa did n't have veto power , it would just have left the un as soon as a significant un vote went against it . 
  but because of the veto power , they could just veto it in the security council , while allowing continued diplomacy over smaller issues . 
  which is exactly why they did n't send their lawyers . 
  it 's cheaper for the company to ignore the court date than it is for them to pay for the hours of a lawyer/representative . 
  as far as humans are concerned , slightly more boys are born than girls . 
  however , the difference evens out with age , as men are more likely to have accidents when young . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are a number of legitimate complaints , the biggest of which is that the engine itself was locked to fps . 
  meaning that the whole game speeds up if your computer has the muscle to run the game above 60fps . 
  that sort of crap really should n't be acceptable for triple-a games anymore . 
  `` tweaked the ini '' meaning `` disabled the 60fps framerate cap '' . 
  which is a perfectly reasonable thing to do if you have a 144hz monitor and a top-line graphics card . 
  thankfully , it 's not a linear increase like that . 
  it 's not a hard lock to cpu . 
  that would be downright terrible . 
  instead it 's something like 20 % faster at 144fps , which is still noticeably bad . 
  this also tends to screw up the ragdoll physics at that speed . 
  have this problem too . 
  what 's even stranger , is that i went there to do the bos quest and it did n't crash . 
  but now , returning to do the kidnapping quest , it 's always crashing . 
  and it 's not just the plaza , it 's a large chunk of the whole city crashing when i cross some invisible border . 
  can confirm that sunshine co-op is similarly bugged for me as well . 
  everything is fine in the 8-population settlement while i 'm building stuff there , happiness is indicated to be increasing . 
  as soon as i leave the area , water , power , beds and defense drop to zero , causing rapid decline in happiness . 
  thus far , sunshine co-op is the only settlement bugged like this . 
  i 've found a workaround on the pc , using the console commands . 
  only the exterior cell is bugged . 
  use * coc cambridgemonsignorplaza01 * to enter the building . 
  complete the objective inside and make sure you do n't use any doors that exit the building . 
  then use * coc cambridgepdext * to exit the area . 
  [ solution ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3s513s/technical_support_megathread/cx23xfu ), 
  [ solution ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3s513s/technical_support_megathread/cx23xfu ), 
  [ solution ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3s513s/technical_support_megathread/cx23xfu ), 
  perhaps only as a propaganda benefit . 
  regardless of the calculation or demands , russia is n't going to pay anyone anything . 
  because they are stronk liberators and won the war and winners take what they want . 
  paying something to the losing side is very silly . 
  i was referring to ww2 . 
  even indus west of indus , if go into far enough west . 
  when it 's a question of being pressured by foreign powers to give up parts of your own homeland , then i could certainly imagine an attitude of `` why should we have to compromise at all ? '', 
  from the palestinian side . 
  except early christian jews did not consider christianity to be a rejection of jewish tradition . 
  they considered it a continuation of jewish theology by recognizing christ as the messiah prophecized by earlier jewish tradition . 
  does n't that sound more like italy , though ? 
  except you do n't go at their speed when you press caps lock . 
  you go slightly slower , and fall behind . 
  which is just as annoying . 
  as far as the `` new '' abyssals are concerned , i 'd say their power just comes from the fact that they 're all awakened no . 
  priscilla 's blood in them just resurrected them and guaranteed their awakening . 
  we never did see them fighting isely or riful , to compare them to the old abyssals . 
  considering the abyssals exist a category above awakened beings , it 's entirely plausible for cassandra to have beaten off several weaker abs without the priscilla-component directly adding to her power . 
  some time ago , i watched a great video on how not to use lovecraftian horrors ( in video games , but the principle applies to dnd as well ) . 
  i ca n't seem to find it anymore , but the big point of it was that a true horror is not something your characters can actually beat , at all . 
  it 's not a monster with a statblock for your characters to beat into submission . 
  `` i attack cthulu with my sword '' should be as futile as `` i attack the darkness with my sword '' . 
  the best your characters can hope for , is to accept the horror 's existence without their mind breaking down and then working to make sure nobody else finds out the horror exists . 
  the video card is a drawing board in the corner , plus specialized drawing tools . 
  the worker might not need one at all , but it comes in handy if the worker needs to draw up some blueprints or concepts . 
  yep , that 's the one . 
  i 'll admit , i did n't search for it too thoroughly . 
  maybe there 's just a floor to how weak ug can be ? 
  have you tried deliberately going slow on monstro with a strong run ? 
  so basically , you think it 's a good idea for obsidian to start punishing pve players with inferior rewards , for refusing to jump into the toxic environment that multiplayer pvp will inevitably become when the game gets popular enough ? 
  if pvp has superior rewards , it will become the norm for grinding rep and credits . 
  as such , progression will be balanced to pvp rewards , to the detriment of pve players . 
  after thinking on it a bit , i 'd say the best solution would be to have one mode give better credit rewards , and the other mode give better rep rewards , so there 's incentive to play both . 
  and it 's not just turkey we 're talkin about here , either . 
  russian jets violating nato airspace in the baltics is so routine , it does n't even cross the news threshold until it 's over something like fifteen instances a month . 
  as an estonian , what depresses me the most about this situation , is how the us and western europe does n't realize that standing up to russia is the right way to deal with them . 
  diplomacy and willingness to compromise are just signs of weakness to them . 
  every time anyone agrees to a compromise with russia , russia just pushes for more concessions , while completely ignoring any - and everything they have agreed to compromise on . 
  and lying to everyone 's faces about it , even after they get called out on it . 
   they are n't violating baltic airspace . 
  yes , they are flying in international airspace , close to the border . 
  and in the process , they frequently stray into baltic airspace , due to either crappy navigation equipment or incompetent pilots . 
  or just because they do n't care if it happens because they know nato planes and aa in the region do n't have the balls to shoot them down . 
   i turned my players `` i have other worlds . '', 
  this is the point where i would put on [ something like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp--ozohd04 ) as the scene music . 
  short on adhesive ? 
  you do know that adhesive is craftable in the chemistry station , right ? 
  `` vegetable starch '' in the utility section is 5 adhesive each .
