i agree , this is very xenophobic , just how the poles were xenophobic to the wehrmacht, 
   thats a false equivalency man , what do altays do better than leopards 2a7 ? 
  #nothing , nothing can challenge ze might of german engineering, 
  turkish people need to learn how to chill with the ultranationalist bullshit , not everything is a dick measuring contest . 
   anyone 's guess why they like his bundt cake recipes , that can be found in his cook book `` the friendly kitchen f\u00fchrer '' ? 
  at least you got some nice bunkers out of it . 
  albania was a communist state from the end of ww2 till the early 90 's . 
  it 's when they built all the bunkers, 
  yes i know , let me just put it this way , i think this would go for a lot of people , if someone asked me `` where greece is ? '', 
  i would respond with `` southern europe '' or `` the mediterranean '' if someone asked me where serbia is or bulgaria i would just say `` the balkans '' i very rarely see `` balkans '' used in relation to greece , i know it 's there and in the balkans i was just saying, 
  eh , just go to greece or bulgaria or something greece is basically just a better version of turkey, 
  personally whenever i hear balkans i usually think of ex-yugoslavia , albania and the other slavs . 
  all the ex communist states . 
  i usually connect greece with `` southern europe '', 
  it 's not exactly the same , the muslim albanians and bosniaks were seen as equal to turks in the ottoman hierarchy , they were n't exploited , overly taxed and treated like second class citizens like the christians , muslims in the balkans were actually oppressors alongside `` turks '' a muslim was a muslim in the empire . 
  and a christian was a christian . 
  which is why albanian speaking christians ( arvanites ) were more than happy to fight for the greek 's cause to over-through their muslim oppressors, 
  i 'm german , i was talking about the guy you replied to . 
  he was a turk, 
  the guy you 're replying to is a turk though, 
  is n't that actual translation `` come and get '' or something ? 
   i literally though for a second you had a giant glass of beer sitting next to the tv . 
  we normally do n't keep that next to the tv, 
  and still was before the greek genocide , do n't forget the pontus region as well then the greeks were false flagged by their wonderful secular friends and had a race riot in istanbul known as the istanbul pogrom , around 150,000 greeks were in istanbul after the population exchange guess how many remain today ? 
  most of the cities in turkey are derived from greek names , antalya , trazbon , ankara , izmir , bursa etc, 
  good americans will pay for their ritualistic thanksgiving slaughters !, 
   bundeswehr the hellenic armed forces , are better equipped so that 's not saying much, 
  at this point it is n't even might turn into , lets be honest the place is already, 
  helmut kohl wanted to send half of them back, 
  he said with his head buried beneath the sand , as erdogan purges thousands of judges and police officers , and military and gets increasingly more powerful everyday as the majority of the population supports him and actually protests in favor of him . 
  watching what was happening the other day was unreal , mobs of people lynching soldiers , shouts of `` allah akbar '' soldiers running people over with tanks , whether or not turkey was western or closer to europe than the middle east was always a question up in the air , it could go both ways , but after seeing what happened , it 's pretty clear what they are closer to , it 's very clear now, 
  `` largest army '' does n't mean much in this day and age , turkey also was not a founding member , the only reason they joined was so the us could put nukes there , also the nukes do n't have launch codes and can be removed , which as far as i am concerned should be happening asap, 
  yeah that was real , but we are talking about the reichstag, 
  are we still talking about this ? 
  they are leaving , get over it, 
  the reichstag ? 
  to be honest it 's regarded as a conspiracy theory , there is no proof the nazis were behind it . 
  the consensus is that van der lubbe did in fact set the fire , so no . 
  not an inside job , the nazis just exploited the event, 
  ah man , that 's not fun . 
  greece should play a prank send it back but painted pink, 
  hopefully you guys keep the free heli , haha, 
  hands off he 's ours, 
   i hope you arnt tired of engineers in germany if you 're an engineer you will be right at home here , 
  where i live in frankfurt/offenbach we have a lot of you guys , you are definitely my favorite non-native group , you guys integrate perfectly , very respectful of the community , good at the work you do , have very nice restaurants , and overall good citizens and guests 10/10 would import more stavros, 
   putting your interests of your own country and those within it before those across the border is nationalism . 
  no it is n't , people naturally care more about things that effect them personally  why are we encouraged to take pride in our nation over others , defining nations by stereotypes and hegemonic thought ? 
  to me that is such a strange notion . 
  this chart has nothing to do with pride or anything, 
   people are stupid and they tend to be like the sheep ; they go where everybody goes ; if someone says it \u00b4 s possible to go in other direction , the sheep tend to call this people mad ... until the mad accomplish the `` impossible '' ... then it \u00b4 s a genius ... stupid bastards i agree , people are stupid and they tend to be like the sheep ; they go where everybody goes ; if someone says it \u00b4 s possible to go in other direction , the sheep tend to call this people mad ... until the mad accomplish the `` impossible '' ... then it \u00b4 s a genius ... stupid bastards, 
  i love frenchies < 3, 
  this has nothing to do with nationalism though, 
  because fyrom actually has irredentism concepts against greece and other neighbors like bulgaria , if canada started claiming land in actual london england and used the name as a justification i am sure england would feel a bit differently about the situation , based on what i have read on the issue , it 's more about land disputes than history , and i have to side with greece on this , irredentism has no place in 21st century europe look up `` united macedonia '' and you will see why greece is upset the way it is . 
  and this is n't a dead irredentism concept , their leaders have legit given speeches and stuff in front of maps with parts of greek territory carved up into their own ,, 
  i really do n't understand why you are having a hard time with this  but is there any legal opinion and evidence that this is actually the case ? 
  any international treaty where turkey accepts that it is the successor state ? 
  yes !, 
  - that 's what i am saying the treaty of lausaane which the turkish republic was a signatory of , recognized the turkish republic as the successor of the ottoman empire , it 's not a subject up to debate . 
  turkey is the successor of the empire , it 's a fact . 
  turkey is the legally recognized successor , how complicated the succession was , is irrelevant . 
  plenty of countries have gone through similar situations , political factions and their backers , fighting for control of the country , just look at turkeys neighbor , at the same time these things were going on , greece at the time or as it was the kingdom of greece , they were having a `` national schism '' between the monarchy and the republicans , they were actively in conflict with each other , military coups , purging the armies of officers , it was a very messy situation , eventually greece would get rid of the monarchy and proclaim themselves a republic , but the hellenic republic is still the successor of the `` kingdom of greece '' whether or not turkey is the successor of the ottomans is not a question up to debate , it is just a fact , it 's the legally recognized successor , like actually written down . 
  in law , the same way germany is with nazi germany it 's not something up to debate, 
   if people say that there was `` something wrong '' with german society which led to the nazis then the same applies here there was something deeply wrong with german society , which is why we did the disgusting things we did , same way there was something deeply wrong with turkish society back then as well . 
  who ? 
  huh ? 
  no you sided with us . 
  you allowed us to pass through your territory to attack greece , and then you took part in the occupation, 
  the ottoman empire , which turkey is the successor of , just how my country today is the successor of nazi germany , and the german empire . 
  did n't you guys do it three times already ? 
  you had 2nd balkan war , ww1 , and ww2 you guys sided with us ? 
  it 's a typical argument used by the left , you saw it during the eu referendum too , in the uk after the results . 
  what they do n't mention is that it 's likely people who are more poorly educated may be effected by `` diversity '' more than others , immigrants most of the time settle in lower income neighborhoods , they compete for lower wage , lower skilled work , etc. 
  obviously some rich liberal who lives in an upscale community who 's only experience with `` diversity '' is eating at a kebab restaurant wo n't see `` diversity '' as being bad as he/she never had to deal with the negative aspects of it . 
  gfp rankings take economy into mind and gfp is n't a official source of military strength , greece has a very well equipped armed forces , especially their navy which is one of the top in europe . 
  they also have like a thousand leopard tanks , greece is one of the few countries in europe that seem to take defense rather seriously , they suffer though because of their economic crisis . 
  greece is more equipped than poland and even my country ( sadly ) the reason why my country is so high up is because of our economic power , economy does matter though of course obviously because of this if greece did go to war right now they would n't be able to sustain themselves without outside economic and supply aid . 
  ( which they would most likely have in the case of a * nato * conflict ) if greece was economically stable they would probably be ranked somewhere around 15ish a lot of people laugh at greece because of `` pay debts '' but they actually have one of the most well equipped forces in europe , which is quite impressive consrding their size , pretty much every country of equal size and population is beaten by them , austria , czech republic , the netherlands , belgium , etc even on the gfp list spain barely beats them , they really need to get their shit together economically though if there ever was a nato conflict greece would be very useful , especially their navy, 
  i just looked up both of them and see absolutely nothing about them being muslim , i do n't think any muslims fought for the greeks , muslims were the enemies of the revolution, 
  what fiqures of the greek war of independence were muslim ? 
  from what i read of it , it looks like a struggle against muslims by othrodox christians, 
  which i have to give credit for espically considering their negative history with islam , and the pursecution that they suffered at the hands of muslims, 
  #never underestimate ze might of german industry !, 
   just look at the world around you . 
  i see our country being surrounded by friendly neighbors, 
  yes , also there 's no immediate threat to us , the money goes elsewhere, 
  we could become a superpower overnight if we wanted to we have plenty of money , highly developed industry and military manufacturers , we just do n't see the point considering there is no immediate threat to us would you rather us be a militarized country again ? 
  people did n't seem to appreciate it much the last 2 times, 
  no i 'm pointing out that americans were just as xenophobic to poles as britain was at one point , the vast majority of poles in america were born there , the vast majority of poles in the uk only started immigrating there around 12 years ago , it 's stupid to compare their experiences, 
  the trains in europe are temporarily closed starting next week for around 2 weeks . 
  so you may have issues traveling, 
  there are very few native born poles in the uk , eu immigration there only started in 2004 around 800,000 of the 1 million poles in the uk where born in poland . 
  of the ten million in the u.s only 500,000 are born overseas, 
  no it 's because most of those 10 million poles , are not from poland , and were born in america and are indistinguishable from any other white american , poles in the uk are mostly from overseas and actually come from poland , they are eu migrants , it 's not the same thing . 
  by americans i meant they were born there , while most of the poles in the uk are actually polish in the sense they are from poland and even polish citizens who are just living in the uk, 
  that 's probably because they are americans , not eu migrants from poland . 
  10/10 very easy, 
  got ta love crazy greeks and their social polarization whether it 's ancient greek city states , byzantine elites , or your 20th century national schisms , a greeks worst enemy is another greek, 
  we all know why tsipras is [ * really * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smuggling_of_silkworm_eggs_into_the_byzantine_empire ) there, 
  uh oh this does n't validate my opinions better downvote, 
  this women did n't own anyone , her argument makes no sense , britain has the right to dictate it 's borders wherever it seems fit `` you need immigrants so you do n't become inbred '' * facepalm *,
