  even the turks did n't do so well , have no idea how a imperial power ended up with nothing to show for it, 
  armenia azerbaijan and turkey are usually optional extras , it 's not really common consensuses whether or not they are yurop or not , a lot of maps you see of europe exclude them , and some may represent them , some like me think europe ends at greece and russia , others will include places like turkey , etc. 
  sorry about him , hate people like that, 
  i guess that ... debt , is irregular, 
  this idea sounds great , greece is a beautiful country , it is the birth place of the olympics , as well as the sight of the first modern olympic games , it will save a lot of money as the facilities will be reused , and wo n't just be left out to rot which has become a problem for many countries that hosted in the past ( greece included ) imagine olympic stadiums in olympia itself , next to the ancient sight , greece will benefit immensely economically , you will miss the unique opening ceremonies though , but this could be substituted with something like `` guests of honour '' where a select group of countries will be responsible for the opening ceremonies to showcase their culture . 
  we could even just give * every * country a set amount a time in the opening ceremony , imagine seeing every culture in the world showcased in one ceremony , it could be a whole thing every 4 year each country would send something new , a famous artist from their country , etc. 
  i 'd back this idea sounds cool , plus we europeans can brag about being the sole location of the olympics , 
  ah yes junker 's famous maturity and professionalism, 
  i 'm having trouble believing many of these stories honestly ... 
  if they go really nationalist they can just not allow ireland and scotland to leave . 
  lol preserve the kingdom at all costs !, 
  squash the rebellion !, 
  and did n't wan na pay jiyza so converted, 
  irnoic because if it was n't for the crusades the sacked the byzantines `` turkey '' may not even exist today , if anything the turks should thank the crusades for opening their doors to istanbul !, 
   34 % did . 
   29 % abstained because who the fuck knows . 
  exactly . 
  only 34 % voted for remain and 29 % could n't be bothered with the issue , that 's democracy if you do n't vote you do n't get a say . 
  simple as that, 
   63 % did n't vote for this . 
  did they vote for remain ? 
  well there should n't be as david cameron himself put `` this is a referendum not a neverendum '' the uk are n't a bunch of kindergartners that need to be asked `` are you sure '' about their decision over and over again before making it they had a vote , leave won and that 's that . 
  having continuous referendums until one side gets the result that they want is a dangerous precedent to set , i wonder how the remain camp would react if they would have won and leave was running around getting petitions started and calling for a redo , they probably would be very annoyed . 
  looks very nice will have to visit next time im in athens, 
   just mental illness then , nothing to do with religion since its not islam nothing to do with religion because he most likely did n't injure or kill anyone from what we know . 
  so yes he seems like a nut who went into a theater with a fake gun , not a religious extremist like the isis members in paris who killed 100 + people , probably trying to commit suicide by police, 
   greece should n't of been in the eu from the start it did n't fit the criteria , it should n't have been in the * eurozone * not the eu itself, 
  well as i said i 've been to turkey too , what i 've seen there and back home primarily you guys look `` eastern '', 
  i 've been to istanbul , izmir , and bodrum a while ago , and the people there did n't really differ in appearance from the ones back home , the majority of people look `` eastern '' , and some can look greek or bulgarian looking , and some can look like western european or russian . 
  in germany at least it 's the same way . 
   bosnia is not a muslim country over half of the country are christians . 
  there are more christians than muslims , do people forget that serbs and croats live there ? 
  oh you 're right just re-read your comment stupid me but still russia is still 4th not second haha, 
  shhhhh we do n't talk about that, 
  ca n't wait to ask greeks where our money is, 
   why not albania or bosnia-herzegovina , or even kosovo ? 
  because they have very small populations , if turkey joins it would be the second largest in the eu . 
  yeah no thanks . 
  those types of buildings are pretty common in southern europe i see them a lot in italy too , mostly in the outskirts of the city they are very common , i think greece 's stands out more because they are just grey and also people . . 
  i know this sounds silly . . put these really ugly looking solid green shades on their balconies . 
  you probably know what i 'm talking about , if you guys painted the buildings different colors , and maybe got some different looking balcony shades , they 'd look fine , also more trees and more green spaces . 
  athens has a lot of potential, 
  i do n't think athens is beautiful , aside from the touristy places , it 's kinda ugly . 
  ( they need to plant more trees and add more green places , and pedestrianize some others ) it 's still an amazing city though , probably tied for my favorite with rome , athens has a really cool culture there is something about the character of the city i find appealing that i did n't find elsewhere in europe, 
  greece is an amazing country , so it 's no wonder , the land of aristotle , and yanni , of leonidas and vangelis , and that douche bag taxi driver stavros, 
   malta and cyprus changed everything forever . 
  malta and vatican city, 
  the crooked thingy, 
  well we could give you a small loan ... just do n't buy any submarines or race cars this time, 
  that 's because guys are fucking lazy get off your lazy asses and shovel out those goddamn mountains, 
  one can only wonder what ( if anything ) will ever get us a common european identity ( which we will willingly accept , instead of have forced upon us , the eu way ) . 
  aliens . 
  nazi aliens, 
  it makes me feel like i have ocd, 
  with respect for their decision, 
  i see that he is the republican nominee and people did n't even think he would be in the race for two weeks , the man is very smart and cleaver , he 's not an idiot , you or me may not like him but you have to respect him, 
   no , the implication is that trump endorsing a thing works against the thing is that why he 's losing the election . . oh . . wait, 
  why does italy and the uk have a bad reputation do turks know that the italians actually started supporting you ? 
  corfu is occupied island of glorious greater albania shqip . 
  it sounds slavic , i ca n't really tell a difference between it and bulgarian and serbian or something , i 'm sure maybe native speakers of slavic can tell a difference , but to an outsider it probably sounds the same, 
   they are seen as equal lel k bro whatever you say, 
   their opinion does n't matter then perhaps you should n't have a country where they make up 20 % of the population and are n't seen as equal, 
  bulgaria is n't a cool enough you ca n't sit with us . 
  listen , let 's not blame all nazis for this , many nazis are just normal people trying to get by, 
  jesus , their faces are literal nightmare fuel, 
  everyone hide your churches, 
  like the asatru , odinist people . 
  i would guess the hellenic reconstructed religion would be more `` similar '' to the actual one practiced in ancient times , as we actually know a great deal about hellenic polytheism and mythology , unlike norse religions etc so there is more to `` work with '' so to speak maybe they can make offerings to ploutos to pay debts , 
  i guess you can say finland has a. . . cold . 
  hehehehehe, 
   i suppose . 
  but i like germans i like greeks  but still ... #pay debts, 
  #pay debts, 
  #pay debts, 
  #pay debts, 
  #pay debts, 
   there 's a kurdish genocide going on ? 
  why did n't anyone inform me about this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish_villages_depopulated_by_turkey pretty much ethnic cleansing, 
   but is against sanctions on russia . 
  russia is seen very positively in serbia, 
  turks are one of the most racist groups of people , which i find hilarious because they usually will whine at any measure of discrimination against them , turks easily take the cake when it comes to bigotry , racism , and ultranationalism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_turkey, 
  this sounds so cringe it 's actually unbelievable, 
  finally, 
  welp , looks like the uk will leave , i 'm not happy about it but at the end of the day they are a sovereign nation , and whether they stay in the eu or not is entirely their choice , i admire them of going down the path of democracy ( unlike the eu ) and at least having a vote on the issue , if the british see the eu as a negative institution , i can only conclude the eu has not done good enough of a job, 
  it does n't bother my personally, 
  yes there are 3 million turks who never left, 
  denmark aka germany 's hat, 
  we already have 3 million turks who never left, 
  ties from yugo days . 
  china supports serbia 's stance on kosovo etc, 
  i think it greatly shows the immaturity of this subreddit where people are down-voting and hating on a video , just because `` muh country did n't make the cut '' this is an amazingly well done video, 
  he never said it was all of europe, 
  good . 
  i do n't typically consider turkey european , but they have conducted themselves very well , i do n't think they should be banned russia on the other hand i do consider european but they should be banned , the behavior is disgusting, 
  happy russia day you polar bears, 
  everything is blocked in germany, 
  weird question but yes people in southern europe typically have dark features , the extent of which is usually exaggerated, 
  yeah , but the u.s is huge and has like 300 million people and is the size of all of europe, 
   germany is on the way becoming a banana republic , compared to the standards we once had .
