  everytime i see them in cafes i feel like witnessing a kindergarten of bearded toddlers . 
  i feel that you are demonizing the romans while romantizicing the dacians . 
  not complaining , it seems the place to do so , but i will still try to give some clarifications and kill some unfounded myths . 
   basically transylvania had the highest gold resources during roman times , even now if i 'm not wrong . 
  we do n't know that for sure , but indeed romans depict the dacians as a rich culture that mastered goldsmithing . 
  the romans also conducted allot of trade with the dacians before the 2 wars , wich shows that both civilizations had a long relationship even before . 
  as for now , no , i doubt that we are even in the top 10 as gold resources , plus the fact that gold does n't really have the same value as it did . 
   trajan wanted it , came in our country , lost the first battle , won the second one , killed alot of people , forcefuly assimilated us so we wo n't rebel , gave dacians the chance to be in his army . 
  woah woah , calm down abbit . 
  trajan did n't simply came for the gold . 
  ofcourse , it was an important factor as the roman empire was going through a financial crysis , but the thing that actually made them come here is , guess , the bloody iron . 
  not that dacia would be that rich in iron , but because they knew how to work it , and because even the average peasant had a weapon . 
  basically you have an agressive ( because it really was ) population armed to the teeth at your borders . 
  trajan 's policy was actually lets attack before they do . 
  and it did , and he actually won both wars , it was a 2 step invasion . 
  this was for the romans to have time to build [ a bridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trajan%27s_bridge ) in order for the legions to advance and siege the dacian capital of sarmizegetusa , wich was extremely well fortified for its time ( hence , it was more of an atrition battle then a direct one ) . 
  now i could go on about the forcefuly assimilated thing for hours , but shortly , romans were n't that bad regarding asimilating other cultures , atleast not for their time . 
  there are 3 reasons why dacians actually converted so fast . 
  dacian teritory became a teritory where the veterans ( retired soldiers of rome ) where given land , thus mixing cultures together 2 . 
  the romans built multiple social and military infrastructures within the teritory that became centers of trade , thus the dacian `` aristocracy '' slowly romanised and adopted the way of the roman people 3 . 
  the roman imposed latin as an official language , thus any trade or negotiation with roman delegates and so on was spoken in latin . 
  but i wa n't to stress the fact that they did n't ban ( and they could n't back then ) the dacian language . 
  the factors combined resulted in more and more people to romanise . 
  and yes indeed , many dacians later became part of the auxilia , wich where roman soldiers that basically where not roman , and usually volunteers , not conscripts . 
  they where also payed for their work and had the ability to advance in rank , wich was quite a good deal . 
  well that was it , the rest is corect and to the point . 
  edit : i also want to add 2 wierd customs that i learned about the dacians a couple of years ago . 
  keep in mind that they might be bs 's by other people along the time to demonize the dacians , tough they do have ( if i remember corectly ) a solid source . 
  it is said that the dacians cried when an infant was born and joyed when a man died . 
  this is because they believe that life was actually a curse where you had to prove yourself worthy to die . 
  also , when the dacians were to decide to go to war , they threw an infant up in the air into wooden spikes . 
  if it died in an instant , they would go to war and celebrate , if it did n't they would n't and they would mourn . 
  are you ... talking about the mongols ? 
  because you know , thats totally another culture group . 
   so you 're describing full employment as supression and presumably you 'd describe unemployment as freedom ? 
  why is it wrong to give people jobs ? 
  people were forced to work during comunism . 
  they were no such things as raises or getting a better job without any political connections , you would buy food with a special card that had a limit ( wich proved an extremely bad ideea especially during the 70 's when you had to sit up to 10 hours in a row waiting to recieve basic things like flour oil , as meat was a rarity reserved for those with influence ) . 
  also , most of the work was labour , intelectuals where either sent to jailed/silenced or forced to help spread the propaganda . 
  teachers , especially universitary were under constant watch from the comunist special police , so people were constantly being unaware of any events or information that the dictator wanted secret . 
  also comodities where very rare , basically everyone had exactly the same type of fridge , courtains , glasses etc , as imports where filtered by the gov and only let in what seemed `` necesary '' ( wich most of the times was extremely low ) . 
   no , it 's not like any gdp per capita chart . 
  the drop starts before ww2 , in those years capitalism was in crisis . 
  many economies did grow a lot after the 50s and romania 's was one . 
  not many were shrinking in the 90s , those that were making the transition back to capitalism did . 
  the drop starts with ww1 . 
  the transition was tough , but expected . 
  politicians and people stole and distroyed allot after the fall , and continued to this day . 
  the new rise that is seen is because of 2 main factors : efforts to bring back democracy and current international trend . 
  you have to realise that afterall romania is a quite a big country , especially in europe , has allot of natural resourses and a preety good population size , so with a good effort that trend should continue . 
  also , during the commie times , the economy was indeed good . 
  what ceausescu ( most reknown dictator of ours ) popularly did was to pay all the external debts . 
  that gave us a very efficient economy . 
  he also build allot of factories and also cities . 
  but in order for all this to be posible , he exported almost everything the people produced . 
  the normal citizen did n't had a car , rarely owned a tv , and if yes it was certainly still monochrome ( black white ) , had to wait a huge ammount of time to get anything , and where under the constant watch of the secret police . 
  think about a nord koreean citizen , kinda like that except maybe the concentration camps . 
  also , if you had land , everything on it was owned by the state . 
  well you have to give 2 to the state . 
  if you cut one , give half the meat to the state . 
  a secret police officer comes and says he wants the other cow ? 
  no problem . 
  so you simply argue for the sake of it ah ? 
  ok lets go on . 
   so what did you mean when you say they were against progress ? 
  against technology ( part because of them being old part because ortodoxism wich is extremely popular among old people ) , they where used to be supressed and be given jobs ` just because ' so they are against capitalism of any kind , expect work to fall from the fucking sky and vote people for `` a bag of flour and oil '' ( common catchphrase in our country , and also an ugly truth ) and the list goes on allot . 
   i 'm quite sure that 's not how economic cycles work . 
  i 'm not talking only economically , our justice system is finally working for example as we finally started putting into jail important figures and politicians for different coruption cases . 
  or technologically , romania has one of the best internet connections in the whole world , and it is known as a exporter of it people . 
  there still is a longway to go but we are slowly feeling that we are getting rid of the past . 
   this paints a different picture : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_romania#/media/file:romania,_gdp_per_capita.svg , but i wo n't pretend i have access to data . 
  however i 'm sure that being the `` paris of the east '' has to do with the style of a few downtown buildings and not with the state of the economy overall . 
  dude , thats like [ any gdp per capita chart . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angus_maddison#/media/file:1700_ad_through_2008_ad_per_capita_gdp_of_china_germany_india_japan_uk_usa_per_angus_maddison.png ) economies grew allot after the 50 's due to baby boom 's and health improvements . 
  also the fall before commies was because ww 's , wich is easily seen in any european countries . 
  `` paris of the east '' had more to do with the size and culture of the city , no city gets a nickname only because of a couple of cities style . 
  at some time bucharest was actually the second city in size and population from eastern europe after moscow . 
  it also was a hub for artists from anywhere . 
  anyway i only mentioned it because as a capital it is emblematic , and the way a capital is seen also says allot about the state of the country . 
   you mean they 're not flat-tax , everything-private libertarians and that creates problems ? 
  well i 'm sure 1950s romania had a ton of people who were nationalists or just very conservative . 
  no , the problem is that they are used to a system where corruption was rampart , people lived in fear and a lifelong of propaganda brain wash . 
  i have no problem with people supporting any kind of democracy , as long as it is a democracy . 
   and capitalism has lasted 26 years already , pretty much a whole generation . 
  also 1945 europe was probably in a much worse shape . 
  a whole generation , wich is why i said barely now we started to gain track . 
  old people still generally think in the old ways . 
  and no , if you would read abbit about pre-comunism romania we actually had it preety good , even bucharest ( our capital city ) back then was called ` little paris ' or ` the paris of the east ' , and we also reached our greatest teritorial extent after ww1 lasting til 1940 . 
  not really . 
  comunism lasted about 44 years in romania . 
  the damage i 'm talking about is social and ideological , and it can be felt especially in people older then 50 years old . 
  they continue to vote for psd ( succesor of our comunist regime ) , tend to be against progress and they are used to corruption in a way that it does n't mind them . 
  it can also be felt politically , most of our politicians and administrative heads ( town mayors for example ) being old people with roots in the regime , hence romania is ( still ) known for corruption and until a couple of years ago for very slow progress . 
  things are changing now that younger generations are replacing the dinosaurs , but to say that things are all good would be stupid and would do even more harm then good . 
  our watch continues . 
  i think that most of the time young people simply do n't vote . 
  also , i do n't know how things are in the west , but here in romania people are actually reluctant and even afraid of extremism . 
  but that may be caused by the fact that we just ended our comunist regime 25 years ago and we still feel the damage it caused . 
  this is so fucking sad . 
  man you 've got a godamn good eyesight .
