[ alexandrina hristov - printre flori ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=indrzpctw1e ), 
  `` in president putin 's world , it is still the 19th century when there were the great powers and then their smaller neighbors which had to submit , '' well is n't that available today aswell ? 
  i do n't know too much about this , but whats wrong with being a slav ? 
  lets be serious , russia wants to make this look smaller , eu wants to make this look big , the truth is probably inbetween . 
  but even 50k , compared to the population of moscow or russia is damn small . 
  this wo n't affect anything , so stop shitin yourselves ' . 
  wait , according to the diagram , our field of view also curbs along the way . 
  can anyone explain please ? 
  the same think i was thinking . 
  not to mention that they talk for the eu aswell . 
  and giving facts like bosnia and syria , when lybia afganisthan are doing even worse . 
  talking like heroes , creating an master villain , perfect plot for another world war . 
  ( and damn , exactly when another space race was starting t.t ), 
  well that is indeed true . 
  but personally i really do n't think that putin would go for more then the southern ukraine . 
  afterall , allot of the southern/eastern part is actually russian , and tough the people of donetsk are given direct support by the russians , that does n't mean that they do n't actually want to join russia . 
  if putin would go for kiev aswell or total capitulation , then that would be quite an agressive campaign deemed to be stopped . 
  i do n't like when people think only in one direction . 
  just as putin can be dangerous as he takes back things , so does the west ( eu , usa ) can be dangerous by trying to capture everything into their influence sphere . 
  democracy is not a must . 
  there are allot of people that do n't want democracy , and democracy itself has allot of flaws . 
  really , the democracy starts to look allot like the freakin roman empire , where everyone else where barbarians while they were the only civilised people on earth . 
  ok , i find very hard to believe that '' ... saying they do n't want to stay in the sparsely-populated country on europe 's northern frontier because it 's too cold and boring . '', 
  this could actually be a general real reason . 
  can a fin please make this clear for us ? 
  well dude , you certainly are a pesimist . 
  also you interpreted what i said only the way you wanted , not cool . 
  well , its clear that we do n't agree to eachother . 
  what about them , this is about helping those in europe because , well , we preety much have no choice morally ( not saying this negatively ) . 
  they are in our countries , we can easily help them . 
  but we ca n't directly help those in african or asian countries for example . 
  also , this could actually prove to be quite a nice boost to the workforce in eu in longterm , that if managed properly ofcourse . 
  easy bro, 
  well we did n't really had a choice , did n't we ? 
  it was either that or get stomped by the red army . 
  and who knows , maybe we would n't even have been a country today if we did n't switch back then . 
  it 's not about that dude , i have no problems about the people going to costinesti or mamaia , the problem is that now almost every other beach became a copy of those in form of prices and services . 
  some beaches like vama veche should 've stayed the same as they where before , cheap and reserved for a certain public that do n't care about opulence or too much confort , and that simply do n't mix well with the other kind of people . 
  and also , and i know that this is n't the subject but its something that really annoys me . 
  this is n't about hipsters . 
  i think this term got too mainstream and now it tends to be attributed to anyone a little funky or who just does n't follow the general trends . 
  this is like 10 years ago , when someone was an introvert or quiet he was instantly an emo . 
  i think this is bullshit , and that those terms are used in order to undermine the prefferences of the minority in favour of the mass . 
  but enough rambling , i just wanted to get this off my mind . 
  edit : and also , vama veche always was full , even in its early years . 
  that because most people that wanted abit of freedom made it their favourite beach . 
  now we have no beach because they are all fucking luxury-pro , ofcourse we complain now . 
  save one for us , you keep the rest and we are fine . 
  damn you are right . 
  well thats some positive info for today , thanks !, 
  interesting , can u share it ? 
  10-15 years maybe , but our political system is still very unstable , so it could be more , or who knows , even less . 
  there is allot of expectancy from the young generations that never had any contact with the communist regime , and who are generally very tech educated . 
  hes reffering to the population , in transylvania there was a majority of vlach 's ( romanians ) since before the integration into romania . 
  by your logic , no one is arab . 
  and you are completely off when talking about religion . 
  here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_world and here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_world, 
  understand what ? 
  that you hate russians ? 
  lol dude , first of all , you do n't even know my personal views , u just generalised and threw me into your russian shits pot . 
  but , keep it up with the hate speech , russia is certainly hell and putin the devil , while europe is full of saints . 
  thats certainly the attitude to be able to discuss something using rational and common sense . 
  you did n't even spelled that right . 
  i like when someone speaks out of the circlejerk regarding russia , hes immediately a russian imperialist . 
  thats the problem here , whenever i tried , or whenever i saw someone try to discuss politics arbitrarely and seriously , circlejerks kick in and all i start hearing is `` oh , russian imperialists ! , putin apologists ! '', 
  and all that crap . 
  way to go reddit , certainly a good place for information . 
  i honestly tought that the article was referring to some kind of animal i did n't ever heard of , not the basque people . 
  i was really not trying to stir hatred or racism , there are worse and better kinds of every type of people . 
  what i was implying is that there is a considerate number of romanians that go abroad and work in well payed services , a more considerate number then gypsies . 
  indeed , my phrasing was n't the best . 
  my best buddy is half gypsy , and i do n't have any kind of problems with that , hes a good guy ; it 's all about the enviorment you raise in . 
  i know that it was a burn in response to another burn , i just like to educate people about this . 
  plus , i 'm not heated at all , nor is the argument, 
  [ there you go ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people_in_romania ) . 
  only 3.3 % ( ok maybe in reality 5-6 % ) of the population are gypsies . 
  they get allot of atention because they have a bad habbit of commiting small crimes around the world ( mainly thiefs and beggars ) while the good romanian people around the globe keep their profile low while working in it or other kind of services . 
  looks good , but it is incomplete , and unclear . 
  dates ? 
  some names perhaps ? 
  allot of countries also miss their coats , its like you handpicked some from a bag of rice . 
  it will increase , but it will take quite some time to build the infrastructure needed . 
  maybe in 10-15 years we will be able to exploit them . 
  meanwhile , i think we should stick to the green energy , we got a huge potential in this field aswell . 
  plus , its green . 
  i really like the work you did , the amount of time to properly gather so much information must be staggering . 
  keep it up !, 
  i think that i just found a new personal interest into this kind of maps . 
  it gets stashed by the ones with more power , hence allot of rich people are corrupt . 
  those lower in the chain lose in the longterm , as they can neither stash it or make use of them through better pays ( the latter requiring the state to have more money ), 
  dude , chill the fuck out . 
  also , not al ee people are slavs , atleast get your fucking facts right . 
  they really are assholes . 
  i remember that when i was small my parents bought one of these motherfuckers at our countryside house . 
  the shithead used to charge and bite 7 years old me whenever he got the oportunity . 
  but godamn , i still remember that brilliant , tender and juicy taste of revenge after we cooked the fucker . 
  dude , your schools fucking suck . 
  not that our are great but yours are simply so fucking idiotic that i could send my 12 years old cousin there and he would graduate in one year . 
  this is why almost all the romanians going there are uneducated , because anyone with brains could n't fit in . 
  also , italian tourists are the funniest shit .
