by doing so you are modifying your own values , not just not exporting them . 
  it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  otherwise call them german rights , and be honest about what you mean . 
  interestingly enough , medieval chroniclers often referred to their own times as modernity . 
  they used the six ages christian view , according to which history is divided in periods of 1000 years and theirs was the last millennium before the rapture . 
  current year would definitely be post-escathon . 
  as for the 1600s ; the travelling bunch you mention called themselves empiricists and rationalists , for the most part . 
  we owe them the scientific method , a renewed emphasis on logic and mathematics and so on . 
  later on that period was called the age of reason . 
  reminds me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcefc6goaru&amp;t=17s got ta love educational creepy songs . 
  mountain ranges , large water masses and the like are natural borders of strategic importance precisely because they are rather easy to defend . 
  one has to be extremely incompetent not to be able to protect a sea border , and quite ignorant to pretend that a land one is somehow easier to secure ( if that were the case , which it is n't , you could still protect the shore ; the problem is , there is no will to protect anything - quite the opposite ) . 
  even heck cattle has proven to be more than people can handle . 
  `` some of the animals would try to kill anyone that approached and , as a result , have been turned into sausage meat . '', 
  why divorce and report when you have a hunting rifle at hand ; holland seems to agree with ms. wild in that regard . 
  spot on . 
  is she planning to take akeel back to syria with her ? 
   be they white americans , or anglo english , or yamato japanese yep , you are absolutely right . 
  the nativist part of lost_snake 's post does n't hold water and is indeed quite idiotic . 
  he ( or she ) ruined his own argument by excluding the very people who are truly native of all the lands he mentioned - ainu , celts , native americans , etc - , and everyone else who has contributed as much as anyone to the material and cultural development of those lands ( and our cultural landscape as a whole ) . 
  what he seems to be really advocating in that regard , but may be afraid to say so openly , is white supremacy including a few japanese as honorary aryans , ... attributing to this supposed ethnic elite all the merit of western civilization . 
  it 's just too fucked up to merit any further comments . 
  as for our kids and us , thanks for the best wishes . 
  i hope brexit britain is treating you and your family well too . 
  i just want to point one more thing : mainland chinese are encouraged by their government to hold a strong resentment against westerners , and tend to be quite racist without much shame about it . 
  my kid happens to be blond , and would never be considered `` one of them '' over there , no matter what . 
  i would never be able to fully integrate and gain naturalize neither , not after a thousand years - it 's just not possible . 
  with the growing polarization of our own societies , the rise of fundamentalism , and the growing influence of authoritarian regimes such as the ccp 's in the international scene , my take is that we will be lucky if we manage to avert a major international conflict in the foreseeable future ( a much worse one than the ones already occurring , that is ) , let alone retain the ability to freely roam the globe and learn from each other . 
  it would be a shame if after all we , as humanity , have gone through already , we , as a all of us , fail to get our shit together and move on from tribalisms and so on and so forth , spiraling again into an age of high-fortresses and higher-ignorance such as the once enjoyed by most of europe while al-andalus , the middle kingdom and others were a beacon of artistic , educational and scientific enlightenment . 
  sure , that 's why staying in spain is not such a great idea ... wish it was , though . 
  exactly !, 
  spain has more than a single problem , unfortunately . 
  i guess lost_snake point is not that immigration is the problem , but that policies should focus on supporting those who already live in a country to thrive and form families - whichever their origin or ethnicity - rather than relay on population replacement . 
  this is clearly an unsustainable model that does n't work for anyone , and fails miserably to fix the underlying socioeconomic problem : that is , young people can not afford to live on their own without lowering their quality of life below that of their parents , and so they chose not to emancipate , postpone having kids , etcetera . 
  in any case , i do n't think spanish politicians are currently doing what lost_snake suggest , most probably because they can not . 
  the source of migrants they had tapped for years - aka , latin americans - has now dried out because potential new migrants are smart enough to know that , if they come , they - and their children - will struggle as much as the ones that are already here : http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2015/04/21/actualidad/1429611164_741481.html and because spaniards are as racist as anyone else , and would n't accept a massive influx of people from anywhere else but former colonies . 
  also , being critic with spain means acknowledging that our collective history is not that of a happy-hippo multicultural paradise but that of conquest , subjugation and exploitation with episodes as brutal as the expulsion of the moriscos and jews , the taino genocide , the spanish colonial casta system and many others . 
  sure , society is much more open and welcoming to diversity now , but we still have a long way to go in this regard . 
  prejudices against others may be not as apparent at first glance than with other europeans due to a warmer temperament , but they are there if you dare to scratch a little . 
  btw , i am not saying any of this from a racist point of view : my wife is chinese , i have myself lived all around europe , latin america and asia . 
  if anything , what i wish is for a society in which our kids , and those of anyone else , can grow and have a future without having to wander around the world as i had to - if we happen to be able to stay here , which probably wo n't for much longer . 
  amazing !, 
  i should have added `` reasonable '' as a qualifier . 
  i see , seems that germany is the only country in the eu that does n't have . 
  interesting . 
  you do n't have speed limits in your highways ? 
  where are you from ? 
  although we all expect for measures to be taken to increase safety standards and lower traffic deaths rates by any means available , do n't we ? 
  completely true , the way this situation has been managed is simply outrageous . 
  we are either ruled by complete idiots , by people that really wanted to fuck things up for some reason , or both . 
  excellent read , thanks for posting !, 
   european mental barriers regarding world relevance let 's take a look at history books . 
  we may not be imperialists anymore , but will fight to maintain the civilization we created . 
  the one that has been going on for the last thirty years ? 
  yes , sure . 
  excellent news . 
  why ? 
  what should be illegal is to be so bad at visual censorship , or whatever it is they were aiming for ; they kept a whole leg and just copy-pasted the waves creating a horrible pattern in lieu of the man . 
  so bad , the sun , so very bad . 
  pm2 .5 levels of ~ 100 , about three times the limit considered safe in the eu , are `` the new normal '' in countries like china and india . 
  paris and london levels are nowhere near the ones found over there , usually in the range of 200-300 or even worse : http://aqicn.org/city/beijing/ http://aqicn.org/city/shanghai/xuhuishangshida/ http://aqicn.org/city/india/new-delhi/us-embassy/ http://aqicn.org/city/paris/ http://aqicn.org/city/london/, 
  indeed it is . 
  and returning those rescued at sea to northern africa is a much better measure than doing the smuggler 's job of ferrying the migrants to europe , as was often the case in previous operations such as mare nostrum and later on triton . 
  that , like most of merkel 's remarks , just contributed to amplify the magnet effect . 
  operation sophia : `` the operation focuses on smugglers rather than on the rescue of the migrants themselves , even though actions to prevent further loss of life at sea are a visible part of the mandate . '', 
  http://www.iss.europa.eu/uploads/media/brief_30_operation_sophia.pdf last month germany 's ministry of interior proposed returning all intercepted boats to northern africa to discourage further attempts to cross the sea . 
  obviously not possible , and not even needed . 
  just stop ferrying migrants across the mediterranean by eu rescue teams . 
  that seems humane but they are helping the smugglers and making the problem even worse . 
  a better solution would be to support negotiated peace in lybia , syria , etc ; no better wall than stable , safe nations around the border . 
  about time . 
  using palm oil for bio fuels imported from asia was anything but a good idea . 
  tibet . 
  yes , there is . 
  that 's quite a big year on year increase , such an accomplishment !, 
  is the model faring equally well in all regions ? 
  i know , but it 's easier . 
  excellent news for the betterment of public health . 
  it 's quite amazing that there is a rule in r/europe / to automatically remove links from disreputable sources ( 5 . b ) , but there seems to be nothing wrong about posting news on the main board from tabloids such as the telegraph . 
  you would n't need to change anything in the system , just restrict access to it to european nationals . 
  germany and many other countries have already done so : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/12/german-government-approves-bill-to-stop-eu-migrants-claiming-benefits, 
  yes , it is . 
  other countries have already implemented such measures , including germany if i am not wrong . 
  exactly , he is threatening the whole union and the european response should be just as severe . 
  our stability can not be put at risk without consequence , even if he does n't turn words into action . 
  let 's just say that it 's easier to edit a wiki to brush out some unflattering remark than mingle with the contents of printed press in all the world 's hemerotheques . 
  that head-first tackle technique may have something to do with some of his erratic behavior . 
  and that 's why we need a military . 
  that 's the kind of postmodernist worldview that enables any kind of ridiculous and/or dangerous proposition to be defended in equal terms than facts . 
  propaganda is not about differences in opinion , it 's about trying to pass fiction as non-fiction . 
  that 's the kind of postmodernist worldview that enables any kind of ridiculous and/or dangerous proposition to be defended in equal terms than facts . 
  propaganda is not about differences in opinion , it 's about trying to pass fiction as non-fiction . 
  the anglosphere is dying a slow death by stupidity . 
  i am disgusted to be using english as lingua franca tbh , would rather use french or german . 
  definitely . 
  that would be an excellent way to learn and practice other european languages . 
  you were right , though . 
  tropical rainy season is rather nice . 
  another variant , preferred by many , is to say it as a word only or specially if it sounds odd , like nsa . 
  yeah , it also looks like the best solution from within the eu .
