i 'm happy with these results , i voted for reform party . 
  we 've had really competent , future oriented governance for the past 10 years and i want to see it continue . 
  do you consider all countries besides america to be hiveminds ? 
  do racist rednecks in alabama speak for all americans ? 
  [ if the nordics wo n't take us , perhaps we will find friendship elsewhere ... ] ( https://data.archive.moe/board/int/image/1360/10/1360107452253.png ), 
  reading the comment section was painful . 
  the soviet union collapsed over 20 years ago , but russia can still count on left-wing useful idiots to cheer on the kremlin . 
  every time i think russian media has hit rock bottom , it finds away to sink even lower . 
  what the fuck do jews living in sweden , with roots going back hundreds of years , have to do with israel ? 
  you should be used to it by now . 
  why do people never ask wheter russia is willing to risk a nuclear war to conquer finland , or any other country ? 
  putin might be a dick but he is n't insane . 
   but for one reason or another it seems that a major swedish speaking population never settled in that well in estonia . 
  that 's just not true , we had areas with a majority swedish population right up until 1940 , and they even had their own political party . 
  the soviet occupation meant the loss of our swedish and german minorities , unfortunately . 
  top right and bottom right are sexy as fuck . 
  i do n't think it will happen though . 
  congratulations comrade , you of winnings trip to siberia !, 
  [ historically accurate depiction of family being relocated to gulag , sponsored by the presidential commission of the russian federation to counter attempts to falsify history to the detriment of russia 's interests ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwlkilxbghg ), 
  he 'd probably feel uncomfortable over the phrase `` soviet defectors '' . 
  his parents were never part of the soviet state so it 's hardly a `` defection '' . 
  they fled to sweden in 1944 before the arrival of the red army to escape occupation , it would make as much sense as calling jews who managed to escape occupied france `` nazi defectors '' , they were refugees . 
  he was born in sweden and grew up in the united states , only moving to estonia when we regained independence . 
  what ties the baltics together is a shared and tragic history in the 20th century , he experienced none of that , why should he feel like a balt ? 
  there is no animosity whatsoever , but we are totally different nations . 
  a federation is n't viable at all . 
  latvia and lithuania are good friends , but finland is our brother . 
  `` empathetic '' is not a word i 'd use to describe someone who has [ all the men of a village beheaded and the women and children sold into slavery . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_banu_qurayza ) `` war criminal '' comes to mind . 
  any indonesian would tell you religious fundamentalism is on the rise there . 
  islam is fundmentally worse than christianity , for a number of reasons . 
  christianity did not begin with a political dimension . 
  it took hundreds of years until people in positions of power started using christianity to advance their agenda . 
  early christians rejected politics because they believed the end of the world was just around the corner . 
  islam was political from the start , muhammad was not only a prophet , he was a politician and a warlord . 
  he made laws.we do n't have to worry about people trying to live like jesus did , people trying to emulate muhammad are precisely the ones that end up blowing themselves up in a crowd full of people or beheading civilians in syria.there is simply no concept of a seperation of religion and state in islam , because the two were united from the very beginning . 
  [ according to wikipedia , portugal did n't do too badly economically under salazar . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ant%c3%b3nio_de_oliveira_salazar#economic_policies ) you made progress towards the european average , while eastern europe fell further and further behind , at least . 
  [ statistically , no . 
  [ the day will come when all nations , beginning with the swedes , shall bow before the great finngol horde . 
  newt gingrich is probably going to be secretary of state . 
  he called estonia a `` suburb of st. petersburg '' and did n't think it was worth risking nuclear war over us . 
  i 'd be lying if i said i was n't concerned right now . 
   i did n't say exactly that . 
  i understood what you meant , i was just clarifying for foreigners who might not understand what `` pro-russian '' means in the context of estonian politics . 
  `` hubris '' is the word of the year across the world so far , it seems . 
  17 years in power is a long time , they got really arrogant . 
  as a liberal , i 'm still a reform party supporter . 
  i 'm actually cautiously optimistic , i hope the reform party does some serious interior reforming , and emerges with a strong liberal platform and candidate for the next elections . 
  calling the centre party `` pro-russian '' is a massive oversimplification , especially now . 
  their estonian , social liberal wing overthrew the `` pro-russian '' wing of the party just a few days ago , which sparked the government crisis to begin with . 
  even before , it 's important to stress the centre party has never been `` lets leave nato , make russian a state language , praise putin ! '', 
  type of party , their pro-russian policies have been a lot more subtle though still dangerous , as is the case with trump in america . 
  i suspect russia is actually dissapointed that they 've currently lost influence over the only political party representing russian voters in estonia . 
  the centre party , social democrats and irl have already met and agreed that they will continue the exact same foreign and defense policy . 
  even if the `` pro-russian '' wing tried anything , the coalition would break apart instantly . 
  the estonian wing of the party just overthrew the `` russian '' wing . 
  its complicated as fuck . 
  only daytime soap operas are dubbed . 
  there 's not much of an experience to ruin , i doubt there is anyone here who actually watches this shit . 
  i guess the producers just figured old people would watch anything , so fuck it . 
  doing away with separation of religion and state gets upvoted now ? 
  not only does your proposal do away with secularism , it raises a number of free speech and freedom of religion concerns . 
  estonia managed to avoid any bloodshed , thankfully . 
  and they 're exactly the people who are being charged , read the fucking article and the people replying to you . 
  i 'm pretty sure the families of the victims of that massacre do care . 
  why are you defending war criminals ? 
  non-existent unemployment is n't even something that 's desirable . 
  in a healthy economy , there are always people moving between jobs . 
  market conditions constantly shift , if you forcibly keep around jobs that are n't competitive anymore it 's just a waste of productive capability . 
  we work to live better , not for the sake of work . 
  again , since you still do n't seem to get it , he is n't being charged with any crime , he is being asked to give testimony , since he may have information that will help assess the guilt of those actually charged . 
  it is highly unlikely he is even going to show up . 
  but i 'm curious , do you also think the victims of the holocaust do n't deserve justice because those responsible who are still alive are really old ? 
  did you even fucking read my post ? 
  i flat out said i do n't think gorbachev is directly to be blamed for those murders . 
  no one is saying that he is a murderer , he is not being charged with anything in lithuania , he is being asked to testify . 
  you seem to be confusing the ussr with the eastern bloc in general , and even then wrongly assuming yugoslavia was part of that . 
  yugoslavia was an independent socialist country , that unlike most other socialist states in eastern europe was not part of the warsaw pact . 
  yugoslavia had a rift with the soviet union in the late 40s/early 50s and was never part of the eastern bloc . 
  but the ussr did n't fall peacefully , dozens of people were murdered in latvia and lithuania by soviet state actors . 
  gorbachev is n't being charged here , he is being called to testify about those charged with war crimes . 
  he is being called to testify , i do n't think they 're charging him with anything . 
  i do n't think gorbachev is directly to blame for what happened in lithuania , but your logic is fucking twisted . 
  a murderer that kills 2 people instead of the 10 at his mercy does n't get off for murdering 2 just because he * could * have done worse . 
  when even krugman opposes your feel-good leftist policy , you should know you 're in the fucking wrong . 
  `` for the third year in a row , estonia has the best tax code in the oecd . 
  its top score is driven by four positive features of its tax code . 
  first , it has a 20 percent tax rate on corporate income that is only applied to distributed profits . 
  second , it has a flat 20 percent tax on individual income that does not apply to personal dividend income . 
  third , its property tax applies only to the value of land rather than taxing the value of real property or capital . 
  finally , it has a territorial tax system that exempts 100 percent of the foreign profits earned by domestic corporations from domestic taxation , with few restrictions . '', 
  they 're not just ranking countries on how low taxes are , it 's more complex than that . 
  why do you say that ? 
  lithuania is pretty religious . 
  like 9/11 , this is one of those events where you will forever remember exactly where you were and what you were doing when you first heard the news , for anyone living by the baltic sea at least . 
   mailis reps - pro russian candidate from the pro russian party that 's not true at all . 
  she is not a `` pro-russian '' candidate . 
  while it 's true her party is seen overall as representing the russian minority and being perhaps a bit too amicable with russia , she is from the social liberal , estonian wing of the party . 
  there is no danger of a `` russian agent '' becoming president of estonia .
