connection ;-), 
  i actually was trying to piss off the op ... now i 'm so mad . 
  this country calls itself united when every of its county wants independence . 
  this country calls itself a kingdom when it 's a queen . 
  no wonder everyone else calls it lunacy island . 
  then maybe you should learn to think . 
  yes they used those sources , but you do n't know what figures they actually picked , and what computations they applied to them in order to make their projections . 
  you really take that ... document ... seriously ? 
  where did you pick it to begin with ? 
  do you understand that they make predictions over * 50 years * on immigration rates and conversion rates to other religions ( or just no religion ) ? 
  how do they estimate that ? 
  how do you feel about predictions made 50 years ago ( 1964 ) ? 
  does n't it set off a little bit your bs ? 
  * sorry , no translation available for your inferior language . 
  we will just blow unidentified troops wandering on the ukrainian territory . 
  remember , russia denies it has troops there . 
  german . 
  beyond the clich\u00e9s , it 's a beautiful language . 
  as for the difficulty , i find it is a bit more complex but also more `` regular '' ( less exceptions , less weird rules ) than french . 
  you also think your cooking is fine , so ... more seriously : too bad indeed there 's no ethnic stats , because they would show that being muslin or `` arab '' is far , far less relevant than growing and/or living in a poor suburb , as far as social issues are concerned . 
  i think ethnic stats are more likely to trigger suburb riots than islamophobia panics . 
  oh , sorry my flare was n't set here . 
  france . 
  i think of them as `` coppers '' . 
  yes we are . 
  we love races . 
  if something has four legs or at least two wheels , rest assured that we have a race event for it . 
  i did provide the source ; i 'm not the one being dishonest there . 
  it seems that emotions trump rationality here . 
  aside from english , i do n't think that the relative positions of the european languages have changed much . 
  especially for the languages for the languages the op quoted , which i do n't see gaining some particular momentum . 
  btw , i was answering to the op 's implicit question - why is french one of the two official languages of the contest . 
  it 's both practical and historical . 
  also 4 out of 7 of the initial countries in 1956 had french as official language ; 1/3 of the winning songs are in french . 
  that said , the idea of official languages for this contest is as silly as the fact that being allowed to submit songs in english , resulting in a complete domination of english winning songs recently . 
  europe is not usa , and will never be . 
  i do want to hear the beautiful multitude of european languages in eurovision . 
  [ number of speakers ( as secondary language ) ] ( http://www2.ignatius.edu/faculty/turner/languages.htm ) * in the world * : * french ( 190 million ) * english ( 150 million ) * russian ( 125 million ) * portuguese ( 28 million ) * spanish ( 20 million ) * german ( 9 million ) that 's why . 
  edit : lmao , you are downvoting * facts * . 
  no really . 
  i bite a bit here because we have to feed this endless little rivality . 
  half of the english words come from french anyway :-) . 
  nope !, 
  i 'm always glad that some foreigner can speak french because it means that he/she is interested in our language and/or our culture . 
  compare and contrast with people learning english ( or rather american ) because they have to . 
  have a nice day . 
  more often there 's no multiplication symbol , like in 5 ( a + b ) . 
  yep , it 's ambiguous and all . 
  but although they are in the `` seriously rational business '' , mathematicians are full of bad , legacy habits like the rest of us . 
  just have to write an interpreter for math expressions and you 'll probably curse them all ( and wish lisp was the notation in common usage ) . 
  the real question is : why do you use a dot instead of a comma ? 
  the dot is from napier , who took it from pitiscus . 
  the comma apparently comes from st\u00e9vin . 
  all three did major works in mathematics . 
  yeah ... but apparently some people did n't get the memo . 
  so we apply the same tactics as with environment issues : teach the kids with the hope that they 'll teach the parents . 
  a troll hiding behind a pile of trash is still a troll . 
  it 's a recurring topic on r/france . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 said he is avoiding the mainstream media ( for the `` show business '' is corrupted according to him , iirc ) , and prefers live shows . 
  in case someone wonders , i did watch some of his videos on youtube to check by myself if he was n't just making a parody of the hate speech ( [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ) ) , because that was part of his humour style when he was in duo with humorist elie semoun . 
  way better : send them to a french jail . 
  actually it 's a matter of a few clothes less compared to a software development tools company i know of , that features a girl on every product package and every page of their newsletters . 
  i think it 's an abbreviation for beaufort . 
  volcanic islands are pretty fertile , so i guess it does n't harm too much the existing vegetation unless it covers them and prevents photosynthesis . 
  given that in some jobs you are considered a commodity resource ( or `` variable d'ajustement '' as some say in france ) , you sometimes have to `` watch your back '' . 
  it 's not strange , it 's cynical . 
  i do n't know what 's most disappointing : to be spied on , or to be of `` mid-level interest '' and to read that '' [ spying on eu ] new technology and energy security were assigned the lowest-level priority . '', 
  exactly . 
  half a baguette is pretty huge by today 's standards ; a typical sandwich is usually a quarter of baguette , and can easily be your lunch . 
  i think the figure is still pretty high half because a lot of workers have sandwiches as a quick lunch ( selling those is now an integral part of baker 's busyness now ) , and half because older people are still eating a lot of bread . 
  but yes , we still like good bread . 
  the only problem is that you typically not find it at supermarkets , but rather down-town ; and you have to queue for it , because people good bakers become pretty quickly known . 
  that bad whether is slowly killing you , my friend . 
  i think a solution must be in two points : member countries should have transparency policies with regard to intelligence services and secret activities . 
  by this i mean an elected political representative ( or a bunch of ) that has ( ideally ) full access to and is able to monitor these activities ; and full right ( and responsability ) to disclose what they think the public should/can know about . 
  i 'm aware that this is generally the role of the president or pm , but i feel that maybe we need separation of powers here , or better , mutual monitoring . 
  in the 80ies , french president mitterand used intelligence services to eavesdrop various persons for his own needs . 
  today , we learn that france collects the metadata of communications - basically who talks to who , but not the messages themselves . 
  one would be very naive that a country with such an infrastructure could not collect the content of the messages for a set of selected targets . 
  the second point is that people should care more about enforcing their own electronic privacy . 
  this means looking for encrypted communication ( email , voice , ... ) solutions that are open source . 
  the free open source software ( foss ) community has a major role to play here , to provide these tools . 
  in the context of a would-be digital security and privacy law framework , eu should consider to fund foss organisations in order to help them building these tools . 
  this would protect not only the citizens , but also the companies . 
  of course , this would render prism-like structures mostly useless . 
  i believe they already are , because the baddies are now well aware that all their electronic comms can be intercepted . 
  all this does n't have to be done at eu level . 
  however , doing things about which every eu citizen is concerned at eu level is better for consistency and cooperation . 
  but i doubt it 's possible , unfortunately . 
  except that , as someone pointed out here , there are gays that are opposed to gay marriage . 
  are they hating themselves ? 
  some people are worried about this change and think it 's wrong . 
  it * is * interesting to open a debate on this issue , at least to make some of them accept it rather than force them to deal with it , and go beyond the brain-dead argument that anti-gay marriage equals homophobic . 
  as a matter of fact , this kind of attitude is as intolerant and ignorant as homophobia itself . 
  also : breton and basque . 
  the main language in these areas is french . 
  i exxagerated my point which was that the media industry is more interested by profit than the cultural qualities of the * products * they sell . 
  public funding partly removes the profitability factor from this equation . 
  do n't be naive . 
  culture without public funding actually means block-busters and best-sellers .
