  i think the apelike descriptions are quite common for any population that those in power wish to describe as subhuman - which is why quite frequently it shows up like clockwork in situations where those populations are mistreated . 
  also , patton was a pretty awful person in general ( the way he treated ptsd victims was appalling - doubly so because he ordered his subordinates to punish any further cases ) so i 'm not massively surprised . 
  no problem . 
  trevelyan is largely responsible for your system of civil service examinations and the movement from a civil service of political favours to a civil service of rewarding competence . 
  so , i 'd say he 's a pretty large looming figure in that regard . 
  atlee if i remember right was more of a social contract reformer - in that he changed the direction of the state 's behaviour but not the underlying civil service . 
  as i said , a hearty emotive `` screw you and your specifics . 
  900 years of oppression ! '', 
  response . 
   more seriously , it 's important to note that those feelings of conscious mistreatment and conspiracy do n't spring from nowhere - you might take issue with the specifics ( and i do n't personally believe the british government as a whole were out to kill the irish , just those like trevelyan and his ilk ) but the sad truth of the matter is that the survival of the irish was n't considered important enough to really be a factor compared to the need to prove political doctrine as superior . 
  in contrast , the prior irish famine in 1740 , where a far greater proportion of the irish population actually died , carries less of a `` screw you '' reaction - because landlords actually by and large tried to keep their tenants alive ( speaker conolly is particularly noteworthy and remembered fondly here ) . 
  it was n't a perfect happy place ( the existence of `` a modest proposal '' from a few decades earlier should illustrate that ) but it was n't the horror that stays in irish memory . 
  so , the question is what happened in between ? 
  the answer , unfortunately , is the act of union , where rampant bribery dissolved the irish parliament to merge it with westminster in 1801 due to fear that the majority of catholics , if emancipated and allowed to vote , would otherwise choose to join with france . 
  now , once that happened , the power moved from dublin to london and with it , the majority of landlords . 
  as for the native irish ? 
  well , out of sight , out of mind for the absentee landlords ... did you hear about this lovely infallible idea called laissez faire economics btw ... subsidies are complex ( i will note strike prices do get used as a powerful government intervention tool in modern day markets ) . 
  it certainly would n't have been an easy sell but it would have definitely been less contentious to capitalists to give them * more * money ( as it would incentivize reduced distances due to lower transport costs ) . 
  the issue as you observed would be whether parliament would be willing to cough up the money required to save those undesirable irish catholic types who will totally side with france first chance they get . 
   that said , closed ports would also have done the trick if they could have managed the fallout . 
  so , you 're probably not going to like this - but [ this ] ( https://www.amherst.edu/system/files/media/0803/russia%252520under%252520the%252520old%252520regime.pdf ) has quite a good discussion of what russian serfdom was and is written by [ richard pipes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_pipes ) a very well respected harvard professor . 
  it does not support your view and is well worth a read . 
  of particular interest for this discussion are the two eyewitness account comparisons of serfs and irish peasants on page 151/152 ( 6 and 7 in the pdf ) . 
  on a related note , serfs were n't legally subject to being killed or starved and had lifelong tenancy as well as a traditional right to improve those plots . 
  in contrast , it 's well documented that absentee landlords evicted irish tenants during the famine to avoid having to feed them and landlords frequently racked up rents due to tenant improvements . 
  on top of that , if you look at media depictions of the irish from the early 1800s , you 'll see a depiction of us as apelike . 
  it 's more giving peel credit for at least trying . 
  the issue was n't so much the power of capitalism but that laissez faire was seen as a political doctrine by russell & co. . as an example of government actions that were possible and would not have been opposed by capitalist interests - make whole payments ( government covering the difference from standard market price ) for merchants selling at a loss in ireland . 
  trevelyan was n't just a civil servant btw - he was the treasury secretary who held responsibility for administering the aid programs for ireland . 
  he 's also the founder of your ( i 'm assuming you 're british from your attitudes ) modern civil service . 
  what adds an additional note of horror around the british governments actions during the irish famine is that they repeated the exact same issues under lytton in india 30 years later - to the tune of another 5 million deaths . 
  after * that one * they wised up and started taking some of the basic precautions that were necessary . 
  now , pardon if this sounds condescending , but i 'm guessing you 're fairly young ( late teens , early 20s ? ), 
  - i think you 're misunderstanding what you 're seeing . 
  the people you 're discussing this with typically are n't poorly educated on this . 
  we all cover it in some depth in school as it 's a major turning point in our history ( it provided the impetus for things like the 1870s land leagues ) & it has a grim fascination to it because of how awful it is . 
  people find it hard to talk dispassionately about because ireland is littered in reminders in the forms of memorials and famine follies . 
  this means people denying or downplaying it are likely to get a real hearty instinctive `` screw you '' response rather than prompting a deep discussion . 
   peel tried to lift them to no avail to assist ireland . 
  peel did - he actually seems to have been a decent man & if he 'd been able to stay in power , the horrors of the famine may never have reached the level they did . 
  on the other hand , russell as pm actively unpicked his aid programs & trevelyan deliberately sabotaged anything he got his hands on . 
  trevelyan 's letters on the famine are chilling precisely because he appears to have believed it was god 's vengeance on those irish heathens and a way to reduce the population of undesirables ( ie . 
  the irish ) . 
  the guy was a monster who knowingly exacerbated a catastrophic situation . 
   was just doing that because i was bored and wanted to see if you notice tbh . 
  sure , we believe you . 
  millions would n't , 
   yes , because deluded catholic extremists blowing up innocent children is britain 's fault . 
  oh dear , wasppoker ... did you not cover bloody sunday 1972 in school ? 
  the british army went from being seen as unbiased secular protectors to horrors when they opened fire on an unarmed crowd killing 14 innocent civilians and wounding another dozen . 
  so , yeah , that and the cover up ( which your government apologized for in 2010 after their saville inquiry ) , did n't exactly help stop radicalization in ni . 
  seriously man , if you 're going to have a frequently stated opinion on ireland , educate yourself . 
   frankly it seems rather ridiculous that it even has a so-called president when prime minister does the same job . 
  well , it was a direct replacement for your monarch , so same logic applies to your queen . 
  nobody is buying that one wasppoker - you bring it up too often without an intent of discussion behind it for that to be the case . 
  ah wasppoker , would n't be / r/europe without coming across one of your `` i hate ireland '' posts . 
  we 've a higher gdp , hdi and lower gini than the uk , we 're doing grand and we left you a hundred years ago . 
  get over it already . 
  what land border would that be now ? 
   it might as well be . 
  anyone who 's travelled there will tell you there is zero difference between them . 
  pretty stupid thing to get offended by . 
  did n't you get warned by the mods for this shite before wasppoker ? 
  next you 'll be back to telling us we should be part of the uk ... 
  true enough , though at the end of the day , that 's more or less what the situation comes down to as not every edge case can be foreseen . 
  it 's why things like the british museum act blocking the return of nazi looted paintings sit so poorly with people . 
  well , a statute of limitations is only really relevant if you 're talking about trying to take elgin to trial ( which is an obvious impossibility ) . 
  it does n't really reflect on the morality of the situation . 
  as for being able to claim being wronged , the parthenon is still damaged from where elgin had the marbles removed . 
  i 'd say any greek who has seen the chisel and saw marks on the parthenon has a right to claim to be wronged . 
   the elgin marbles were lawfully purchased from the people in control of them , akin to ex-provinces of the roman empire ( i.e. 
  most of europe ) can sell roman artifacts under their control without asking the italian people . 
  so that 's a bad analogy - those provinces included roman citizens ( romanization was a major part of the roman empire ) . 
  what those ex-provinces are doing is a lot more like selling the contents of a house they inherited from their granny . 
  in contrast , elgin was a lot more like some random guy who broke into that house , nabbed the silverware and when asked about it claimed the estate agent said he could in writing ... but could n't produce the paperwork . 
  now now , you sound like a bitter ex . 
  we left you about a century ago - move on already . 
   ( seriously though folks , this is wasppoker . 
  you 'll see a couple of these posts every day . 
  they get a thrill out of fishing for a reaction from the irish then deleting the post so they can do it all over again ), 
  which flair would you have him use so ? 
  [ you 're hilarious ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/british-army-russia-putin-budget-cuts-experts-warn-could-be-destroyed-afternoon-a7539971.html ) . 
  no , he said he wanted to come to ireland to visit his cousins & then you went off railing about marching season . 
  stop being an asshole - the guy has n't done anything to you other than be a citizen of a country you do n't like . 
  ... you 're the one who brought religion into it by telling them they wanted to go marching ? 
  ( seriously , if you tell someone they 're coming over to take part in a sectarian ceremony , it 's pretty fair for them to point out that they , and their family , are from the religion the ceremony celebrates a historic defeat of ), 
  i think it 's mostly a raised eyebrow from us rather than existential questions . 
  also worth noting it 's also not getting better - you 'd one big 0.02 drop in gini coefficient at the crash ( bizarrely caused by more people being out of work ) & then it leveled out again immediately . 
  stop making us look bad you arse . 
  when did you stop beating your wife ? 
   the irish famine was n't a genocide because it was n't deliberate . 
  it was an indirect effect of poor british policy choices actually , horrible as it is , there 's several letters from trevelyan that suggest on his part it was quite coldly deliberate . 
  the man was a monster . 
   france existed and still does , as does ireland . 
  both acted to ensure that british territory be captured and british people forced to live under the rule of a foreign dictatorship . 
  are you seriously blaming ireland , a neutral country , for trying to force a diplomatic solution rather than a war ? 
  i mean , it 's not like we 'd have reason to have concern over britain 's cavalier attitude to british civilian casualties . 
  i mean , it 's not like 54 % of the casualties in the 1916 rebellion were innocent british civilians caused by things like britain shelling a central section of one of its own cities flat to repulse a handful of rebels or anything . 
  well , it is , but hey , lets not worry about facts when you can accuse us of betraying you by asking you to do ridiculous things like `` talking '' before you got to the shelling this time . 
   britain regardless of how ireland feels is watching over ireland and protecting it , ireland ca n't just shrug it off , 800 years despite not being united anymore still means we are inseparable .
