  he was talking about that quote up above . 
  so , worth saying before i get into this that it is n't a judgement on their descendants ( they 're northern irish and the past should stay in the past ) but i think this is an area of our shared history that i do n't think british education really covers well ( if at all ) . 
  awkwardly there were laws around the scots undertakers ( landgrant holders ) being allowed to have irish tenants . 
  the undertakers had a chronic shortfall of valid tenants which meant that the majority of ulster scots would have been transplanted by hook or by crook from undertaker owned scottish estates rather than wanting to settle for their own reasons ( with the remainder of the workforce pragmatically being filled by quietly breaking that law ) . 
  it 's a little sad that irish history does n't seem to be part of british education since it both helps explain the slightly strange relationship between irish and british people and also some curious bits of your own history ( for example , the tories get their nickname from t\u00f3ra\u00ed , one of the irish words for bandit , as a slur of association given both they and the irish confederacy were on the same side of the exclusion crisis ) . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm well aware you 're a completely different country . 
   however you and the us have considerable cross border trade in animals and foodstuffs like we do with the uk . 
  in addition , you 're just a handily current non eu reference point for comparison . 
  i ca n't help but feel you 've made your mind up on how europeans feel about you and not a force in the world is going to change that . 
  i ca n't speak for them but as an irishman , i remember growing up here that stuff from the us was seen as cool and the default assumption was that it was an awesome place . 
  unfortunately the modern us is n't that place any longer - there 's a whole raft of reforms that should have been made over the last twenty years that were n't - on everything from electoral systems , to health care , to education to energy policy . 
  so , the us is still the bigger brother , just now it 's the one with the drinking problem that you wish would go back to the way it was back when you were kids . 
   do n't ya 'll have any home-grown pride or ideals that do n't need a foreign boogeyman ? 
  especially when that boogeyman is your closest ally & a country which played a vital role itself in the eu 's creation ? 
  the way most europeans see the us is n't as a bogeyman but like a bigger brother who has been making a lot of self destructive decisions of late . 
  also , on the horse meat thing - the us does n't do the same kind of tracking the eu does . 
  [ canada 's investigation ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/health/sausage-science-1.4234568 ) , prompted by the eu one , is in the news at the moment for a fifth of their sausages being the wrong kind of meat . 
  it 's pretty likely the us has the same issues - you just do n't know about it since your legislature relaxed your tracking and labelling laws even further a few years back . 
  if labour was the largest party coming out of the election and we 'd seen a larger shock , i 'd be inclined to agree with you . 
  idealist tax-loving corbyn vs the `` good for business '' tories is a simple appealing narrative - i just do n't see much supporting it at the moment . 
  as is , i think a 2c drop against the dollar , while large , is much more likely down to the uncertainty created by a hung parliament . 
  gbp is just a little riskier at the moment due to the lack of clarity and given a couple of weeks it 'll most likely recover that difference . 
  for a comparison point , brexit was about a 19c drop against the dollar which is now baked in to the exchange rate . 
  well , planning has to start somewhere . 
  ideally it would have been twenty years ago , but we ca n't change the past . 
  off the top of my head , i can think of roosevelt 's new deal , the creation of british rail and the swedish bank nationalisation in the 90s . 
  all of these were actually beneficial for their economies which makes me sceptical about that statement . 
  i get that it cuts against the grain but there just is n't an easy answer on this stuff . 
  the world is n't as simple as tax cuts being good for the economy and tax rises being bad or vice versa . 
  it depends on what 's being gotten out of it . 
  oh it matters hugely to companies - they spend decades building up contacts and goodwill , touring locations and building pilot facilities . 
  there 's massive money in it for them so it 's just good business . 
  investors are a different story , they 're investing in companies not in locales . 
  if they 're picking well run companies , all that stuff happens invisibly in the background for them . 
  the company makes money , the company gains value , the investor is happy - he does n't really care if the company facilities are in paris or peru so long as the money flows . 
  you 're conflating investment and currency trading here though - currency trading is primarily volatility based as opposed to value based . 
  a hung parliament is volatile and so traders are spreading their risk by moving some of their holdings to other currencies . 
  so , if you 're done tossing kiddie insults around and wondering about why those mean redditors are downvoting you ...  infrastructure investment is a long term programme - it takes time to pay returns but makes it profitable for companies to locate in regions longterm where a tax cut wo n't . 
  when you have situations where a 60 millisecond power fault can represent # 100m worth of wasted advanced electronics product , damned straight that reliable electricity infrastructure is more valuable to them than a token tax cut . 
  currency trading is about managing uncertainty - gbp 's fall is about the hung parliament not about corbyn wanting to build a few more roads . 
  investors do n't know which way it 's going to pan out yet . 
  well , it 's probably more to do with risk management . 
  same as the brexit drop . 
  either party having a predictable victory would be fine but either of an unexpected upset or a hung parliament makes gbp a riskier proposition - it 's harder to plan for what is uncertain . 
  * that means investors looking to ensure they keep their shirt will move a higher proportion of their funds to less exciting currencies , while using a smaller proportion of their funds to speculate on a range of riskier ones . 
  that way , on aggregate , they get a chance at the upside of the volatility ( which over a large enough basket of currencies will largely even out ) without having their shirt on the line when some of those gambles do n't pan out . 
  * also worth saying , this is part of what makes first-past-the-post a lousy voting system . 
  swings in governments are either negligible or extreme with little in between and practically no culture of coalition to mitigate the associated changes in policy . 
  if you think it 's that simple , you 're mistaken . 
  companies look to maximize their own profitability - that can mean lower taxes or it can mean better investment in infrastructure they depend on which reduces their operating costs ( telecoms , transport and energy are usually the big three here ) , or any number of other softer factors . 
  boiling it down to `` high taxes are bad '' misses the point . 
  also , if you think you 're being brigaded when your `` everyone but me is a wrongfaced apologist '' post is just at -3 , you 're also mistaken . 
  chin up and take your licks lad - it 's how you said it not your disagreement that 's getting you downvoted . 
   there are no arguments to be had . 
  i think you mean there 's no arguments you 'll acknowledge . 
  well , putting aside that i 'm irish for a second ( saw your comment about missing the flair so i 'll spare you the indignant bit  ) , stone are a colloquial unit used for a person 's weight - it does n't mean the country is n't metric . 
  it 's not like the us - ireland 's a metric country that uses imperial units colloquially ( primarily because there 's a portion of our populace that grew up before metrification ) and metric when it matters . 
  the uk is a little different but not massively so - they 're also a metric country but since they went for a phased transition , they 've still got imperial units hanging around the odd place ( and are further back on the whole colloquial use than we are ) . 
  it 's one of those little weird bits we experience if we go and live in the uk . 
  no , we 're metric . 
  we use some imperial units colloquially - which is not the same as what the us does . 
  good now you 're engaging . 
   these are all points i and a lot people here would agree with so why on earth would i want to ` develop some nuance ' ? 
  because literally none of your points are accurate even in the broadest strokes . 
  your elected government signed off on the treaties . 
  so by the process of representative democracy , you did agree to it . 
  why you did , and why you had to , is the basis of a different and much more nuanced conversation . 
  you lads currently run * six * literally infamous tax havens . 
  as in , the ones the term was created to describe . 
  in contrast , we patched our tax laws when someone combined them with a different country 's set of tax laws to break them . 
  why you run those tax havens ( or ca n't pull the plug ) is again a nuanced conversation . 
  that 's why we got hit so badly by the penal laws and why there had to be specific laws against the irish joining the armies of european powers ( not the british - but specifically the irish ) . 
  we share some culture ( quite a lot more with ni , and a fair bit with the scots ) , but thinking we 're identikit with the uk is plain wishful thinking . 
  again , a nuanced conversation if you want it . 
  so , putting aside your silly insults , you 're either trolling , wilfully ignorant or just have n't considered the full range of facts . 
  which is it ? 
   your world of eternal victimhood . 
  cute but untrue wasppoker - i find you amusing if a little absurd . 
  as for catchphrases , you typically do one of three things that cover about 90 % of your posts about ireland . 
  you claim ireland has no right to sovereignty , is a parasite or is basically the uk . 
  change the channel lad or develop some nuance . 
  not everyone wasppoker , just you . 
  primarily because you post the same half dozen anti-irish catchphrases every couple of days with no genuine interest in discussing things . 
   i mean , mod warnings you 've had aside , you 're the internet equivalent of the kid who rings the doorbell and then hides in the bush laughing when someone answers the door . 
  nah , it 's just wasppoker trying to troll the irish again . 
  they 're infamous for it . 
  that 's from geoffrey of monmouth so i 'd take it with a grain of salt . 
  well , to be as fair as possible to him , russell himself mostly had good intentions , but a cabinet that packed more political punch than him which was unwilling to bend or support him ( pam is included in that block btw - he was actively against providing relief though he usually escapes mention ) . 
  if you want pure undiluted evil , trevelyan is the man to look at . 
  it 's hard to overstate just how malignant that man was and just how many deaths are on his hands due to his deliberate sabotage of aide programs he was supposed to be responsible for administrating . 
  peel was a good man who largely broke his government over ireland and the corn laws and deserves credit for it . 
  his successor russell actually undid all his works programmes due to his belief in laissez-faire . 
  his government and trevelyan ( the sociopath ) deserve the vast share of the blame for the famine . 
  it also did n't destroy any of the crops bar the potatoes - ireland produced a surplus of food during the period . 
  unfortunately it was shipped abroad . 
  that 's the real tragedy of the famine . 
  oh sure , i believe you . 
  millions would n't . 
  especially since that bot removes posts when something awkward for you comes up .
