  he just did n't kill anyone - he only evaded taxes . 
  you too ? 
  i was so confused . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_erfnte1hgw most annoying merkel moment i have ever seen . 
  why do n't you take a look yourself ? 
  normal is most definitely not defined by you and also not relevant at all . 
  go ahead calling homosexual people out of the ordinary but this will still not change the face that they deserve the same rights as everyone else . 
  lol, 
  that 's not inherently a bad thing . 
  single issue voting would be a similar thing . 
  exactly what i was talking about . 
  you generalized thousands of policemen . 
  good , then i 'm sure the public outrage will deal with it . 
  reddit 's majority hates the police but i think that is the wrong approach to an issue . 
  there is non german beer ? 
  i love guinness though . 
  then adress the post and not the person . 
  and i think they will keep at being the wildcard and enjoy their position while west and china and other contenders are trying to win their economic favor . 
  their airforce is hilarious , they basically bought fighters from * everyone * . 
  i have my doubts that any other eastern country is going to fall victim to that . 
  it only worked because of the surprise factor . 
  i will read it later . 
  does it also take india into account ? 
  there are new players on the field and india will be one of them . 
  just take a look at the soviet/chinese relationship in the cold war . 
  they did n't get along very well and nearly went to war because of ressources , borders and ideology . 
  china is growing and growing while russia for now faces stagnation . 
  china has huge interests in russia ressources . 
  let 's just see what 's going to happen with some borders they are sharing . 
  think about the following : does china have any neighbouring country that has not border disputes with it ? 
  china is ultra aggressively trying to capture as much economic objectives as possible . 
  china does n't want real allies . 
  my guess for the future is that russia will have to align itself more to the west because of chinese aggression , but that really is just a guess . 
  in my opinion chinese and russian interests are not compatible long term and that 's why they are not one block and rather a possible regional conflict as we see it already with china and india in small scale . 
  what do you mean ? 
  besides i do n't see how russia is closing any gap by spending only a fraction of the us alone . 
  china will maybe close the gap to russia but that 's it for now . 
  why does everyone think china and russia have some secret alliance ? 
  they nearly went to war . 
  they had their troops lined up at their borders in the cold war . 
  china does n't give a shit about russia . 
  they just want their ressources and secure borders . 
  china is going to eat russia alive . 
  alliance is not the right word . 
  i love the part about putin . 
  we dub everything ... 
  yup but i guess for them and homophobic folks this has the same meaning . 
  hitler made many bad decisions because he considered himself a military genius , imagine how this war would 've gone if the generals had the last word . 
  i love those kinds of mindgames . 
  does it work with proxmate for you ? 
  no , youtube blocks it all because gema * might * claim license fees . 
  basically youtube got fed up with gema and just blocked everything - the nuclear approach . 
  count me in . 
  fast food everywhere . 
  supermac 's cheese fries are tasty but also make you a fatass . 
  then `` learn from their mistakes '' . 
  watch japan closely and learn from their mistakes/copy what they do right . 
  well known european politician . 
  that was closer to being suicide by cop than a real terrorist attack . 
  even as a terrorist you should take your time to think if it will be a good idea to attack an event that is secured by those guys : https://twitter.com/jobinpnews/status/595025146789761024/video/1, 
  this is basically a nice shopping deal for them . 
  that 's some captain obvious shit right there . 
  and that is the reason why you do n't editorialize titles . 
  * trade routes . 
  * the us navy has lots of ships protecting their own trade routes , why should n't china be allowed to do the same ? 
  eu and imf are helping for now , not sure if it will be enough though . 
  losing your industrial base , losing your biggest trading partner and mobilizing your undereqiupped military are all big blows to their economy . 
  china has every right to protect its maritime routes and frankly i do n't see any issue here . 
  hilarious thread . 
  `` china + russia gon na invade waaaah '', 
  this is a new thing for you brits  in germany we have this kind of coalition shuffling every election . 
  no , not at all . 
  actually that has been solved and is not an issue ( at least for f22s and f35s ) anymore . 
  i will try to find the link . 
  i did n't open your link but i guess it 's this guy you are talking about : http://www.reddit.com/r/fighterjets/comments/28c9qm/q_future_of_the_f35/ciag5rt and here some technical details about the f35 : http://www.reddit.com/r/fighterjets/comments/28c9qm/q_future_of_the_f35/ci9ohuh they all said it better than i ever could . 
  any sources ? 
  if you start reading into it you realize that you ca n't find any reliable reporting on the f35 that is n't politicized bullshit . 
  f16s getting old + f35 being expensive . 
  military research being done to counter capabilities is obvious . 
  the question is just who is the most ahead in the game . 
  and where did you read that ? 
  nothing else is not very fitting here because stealth capabilities themselves are a lot already . 
  that 's not how stealth works . 
  the purpose is to be less visible from much further away while seeing the enemy earlier . 
  this is where 5th generation has the advantage . 
  i would like to see your `` everything '' published . 
  the f-35 is one generation ahead . 
  and also from credible sources if possible . 
  what what ? 
  you just have to continue reading more into it , there is an ocean of sources , just read them all . 
  you must consider the singularity of something like the holocaust . 
  never in human history was there an industrial sized killing industry to commit genocide . 
  if you put acts of war etc. 
  in an equation you still end up with the holocaust and nothing comparable . 
  that 's why you ca n't just put them on the same level saying that they all took part in a war and therefore are all evil . 
  they are implemented by elected politicians in the respective countries . 
  the eu itself may lack some democratic procedures internally which can not be denied but member states are still able to not implement a law they dislike . 
  most eu laws actually get implemented because the european council and the council of the eu play a big role in creating those laws . 
  and what do you mean by : `` only three are in europe '' ? 
  yes , you only took three countries in your list .
