oops . 
  sleepy me ... 
  and he is a mp in the european parliament . 
   every proper economist we can agree on everything but not on that . 
  economists have very different opinions on that matter . 
  there is saudi arabia but there is also turkey . 
  while you sir can criticise islam you also have to admit that the majority is moderate or otherwise things wolf look a bit different . 
  a bit strange . 
  that 's a british understatement . 
  like when it was reported that he got canned from his position , twice ? 
  or when random officials told media that he was called a player and gambler by his colleagues which turned out wrong ? 
  almost every week there was some new reason to hate varoufakis because `` unknown eu officials '' made up some story about him . 
  i bet this story is bullshit anyway . 
  like so many others in the last months . 
  cause the word of `` according to various anonymous eu officials '' is so trustworthy . 
  that 's fucking bullshit . 
  you read to much shit from shitty newspapers it seems . 
  how ? 
  you still did n't say how they are supposed to do it . 
  `` just do it '' . 
  what a lazy fucking answer . 
  but greece is in a different situation than most other countries . 
  how do you `` just start collecting taxes '' if you do n't have people for it or money to get more of said people ? 
  how , what are they practically supposed to do ? 
  how are they supposed to do that ? 
  just got shouted at by a policeman because i crossed the street when it showed red . 
  ask him on twitter . 
  occasionally he answers . 
  saw one once . 
  you will be banned for talking english in 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 
  it 's really a shame . 
  when i visited dublin i was n't really impressed , it was just not a very nice experience . 
  and i saw some 15 year olds beating up an old women on o'connell bridge : / luckily everything else was beautiful in ireland . 
  and god damnit i miss supermac 's . 
  they are not an organisation but an ethnicity . 
  also true . 
  only the bad apples get `` publicity '' . 
  yes , i honestly believe that we are lucky to have faz , sz and zeit . 
  same with the \u00d6r . 
  it 's just not totally true . 
  spiegel , sz and others get cited all the time . 
  yeah , peta seems to be totally right in this case . 
  his kind of persona is a common occurrence in southern germany , maybe his dryness is something intangible for non-germans , i do n't think he has personal issues or is hateful . 
  he just wants shit to be done . 
  sorry , i think that 's a bullshit reason . 
    rt opinions and conspiracy theories are everywhere . 
   lol you are you seriously implying that the anti-american worldview is n't completely justified and that people opposing the us are just victims of propaganda and `` conspiracy theories '' ? 
  holy shit , i have never heard anything more ridiculous . 
    the facebook site of the german government is filled with chemtrail comments and the like . 
   i do n't know a single person who believes in the chemtrail conspiracy ( which , by the way , originated in the us ) , but i know almost no one who does n't understand that the us is a criminal nation that must be opposed . 
  at the same time , everyone is aware of the fact that americans are too fucking powerful and uncaring to antagonize . 
  if you are n't on their good side and do what they demand , you will immediately be on their bad side . 
  they are dangerous so there is n't widespread anti-american revolution ( yet ) . 
  the international community needs to come together on that position first . 
  `` anti-american revolution '' http://i.imgur.com/3e88wv0.gif ok , so here you got one of those . 
  that 's exactly the stuff you hear in germany all the time . 
  well ... dunno ? 
  i might , yes . 
  but mao 's face is still widely seen in many places on posters and stuff . 
  imagine there was a huge hitler poster on the reichstag . 
  all chinese leaders after mao still trace back to many of his teachings . 
  but then again mao also is using many inherently chinese ways of looking at the world . 
  sorry , i 'm just rambling here , i do n't really have a point . 
  but mao also made china what it is today . 
  the chinese still admire mao in a way because under his rule china `` stood up '' as he said . 
  uuh , mate . 
  there were plans to get post soviet russia into nato and they both had very close relationships till everything fell slowly apart . 
  just compare the number of soldiers ww2 germany had with today . 
  france was also way better equipped than the nazis and their leadership just made tactical and strategic error after error . 
  if it falls under collective security then it 's constitutional . 
  for the general german population nato is the same as the us and the general population has a very anti-american worldview . 
  rt opinions and conspiracy theories are everywhere . 
  the facebook site of the german government is filled with chemtrail comments and the like . 
  it 's called an asymmetric conflict . 
  after mao deng xiaoping got chairman and led china to the capitalist light . 
  this could be an amazing copypasta . 
  why did you delete your comment ? 
  uh , what ? 
  yeah , very common to hear that . 
  this looks amazing . 
  whataboutism , 
  i do n't know what to think about this . 
  i think this kind of talk is a bit over the top . 
  but then again history tells us how sudden things can change . 
  no , not really . 
  woah woah , can you please not make this the whole german opinion ? 
  why is everyone in this thread brushing their generalized views over whole countries ? 
  really funny considering the context , hahahahahah . 
  cold war anyone ? 
  did people already forget about the cold war ? 
  germany would 've been the frontline . 
  soldiers are still there because of nato and the us likes to be everywhere asap . 
  i downvoted you for random rambling without making a point and for your preference of a dictatorship instead of `` the shit we have right now . '', 
  exactly , you ca n't just say : `` oh well , no bmw for you , random italian guy '' . 
  freedom of speech and classless and aggressive are not mutually exclusive . 
  the hero we need . 
  https://i.imgur.com/xrxmc.gif the us is king of misspending money in healthcare . 
  you just do n't know what our strafgesetzbuch says , do you ? 
  not this shit again . 
  he did n't get special treatment because he is rich .
