  so i guess ? 
  depends , lots of people would be glad if austria finally had fewer federal states , as they really are n't necessary anymore . 
  is that image from blizzcon 's cosplay championship ? 
  that 's obviously drag . 
  which is completely different from actual transgender people . 
  nah man , you 're thinking of [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9c/strassburg-gesehen-von-richtung-gurk.jpg/1024px-strassburg-gesehen-von-richtung-gurk.jpg ) one . 
  barbara streisand would be so happy here . 
  i thought human trafficking was n't legal anymore . 
   of course , english speakers are also welcome ! '', 
  in the sidebar . 
  or did you mean / r/germany ? 
  ( which after checking does n't even allow german posts , so would n't make sense as the `` german '' subreddit ), 
  is n't / r/germany the `` german '' subreddit , while / r/de is the german speaking subreddit ? 
  obviously funded by russia to get rid of merkel . 
  did n't even bother to deny it . 
  pretty sure that was the slogan of the eurovision song contest two years ago . 
  austrian presidential elections resulted in a center-left/left president , germany is either going to have merkel , or move slightly to the left with schulz , with the afd potentially losing more . 
  france is in a bit of a weird place at the moment , but i ca n't imagine the writing utensil winning . 
  and wilders seems to be mostly a factor because he has the same draw to him that a red button with a note of `` do n't push '' has . 
  typical austrian self deprecation/negativity/grumpiness . 
  since we austrians know how to do do-overs ( just look at our last presidential election ) , we also have an alternate version [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jgbkt2j_2e&amp;feature=youtu.be ) . 
  it 's shown in front of a live audience . 
  no laugh track included . 
  since the show that produced the video ( willkommen \u00d6sterreich ) airs on national tv ( orf ) they likely could n't upload just the narrated video without the laughs . 
  how is he not in some kind of mental home ? 
  it 's the youtube channel of the german show that jan b\u00f6hmermann is part of , so it likely is the one that will air at willkommen \u00d6sterreich . 
  the narrator almost sounds like christoph waltz at some points . 
  i mean i have eaten pasta with ketchup , but i was 10 at the time and did n't know any better . 
  when i was staying with a family in the uk for about a week , they once made pizza and acted as if it was the most normal thing to put not only ketchup , but also mayonnaise and other sauces on it . 
  i was scarred for life . 
  probably somewhere up north . 
  when we stayed at my grandmother 's house for a couple days because my parents were away , she would actually try to make pizza just to make us happy . 
  she of course , had little clue what a pizza was , but she still tried . 
  the end product was pizza dough with ketchup on it , covered with [ extrawurst ] ( http://images.wogibtswas.at/data/image/500x705/470/metzgerei-broger-extrawurst-2348669.jpg ) . 
  thankfully no italians were present . 
   trusted our government  seems sensible sure , 
  yeah , the switzerland one felt a bit too forced , the dutch one seemed the best so far from those i 've seen . 
  also prepare for the austrian one , it 's likely going to be bad . 
  plus all the hitler jokes were already made in the german one , so it 's just going to be about how he was austrian , and likely will talk about how you need austrians to start any world war . 
  i 'm sure there 's some statute of limitations , we just do n't know how many hundred years before any claim is lost . 
  if you use urinals at a public bathroom odds are the dirtiest thing you 're going to touch is the tap in the bathroom . 
  from the way the question is asked , it makes it more likely that they are scared of soap . 
  i know a `` mexican '' place in vienna that is completely staffed by asians , which really makes it look odd . 
  i for one am ready to accept mexico under austrian rule , as it should have been . 
  i was talking about vertically , where it 's slightly more north , but not enough to matter in the context of the image . 
  then i might have misremembered that . 
  that makes no sense . 
  merkel is a centre right politician , van der bellen on the other hand used to be part of the communist party when he was younger , then part of the sp\u00d6 ( austrian equivalent of the spd ) and then he was ( and still is ) part of the green party . 
  van der bellen also is an articulate , calm intellectual . 
  in his new position he is de facto head of state , while merkel is `` just '' a chancellor ( which is the more important role anyways ) . 
  only took us almost a year . 
  i kinda get that vienna is n't far off from munich , but i do n't get why they would n't use vienna considering it 's the second largest german speaking city . 
  would shakira law have courts where the truth of people 's statements is based on how much their hips shake while speaking ? 
  you ca n't get an abortion in ireland , however if an irish woman wants an abortion she can get counseled first and then leave the country to have an abortion in an eu country . 
  * suspect is 18 year old * austrian citizen * migration background * likely religious background, 
  and facebook even has constant access to it, 
  different times , different definitions of what is `` normal '' . 
  so that ' why , of the german speaking countries , only germany is n't neutral . 
  their party leader is also a selfdeclared `` citizen 's chancellor '' and there 's literally nothing anyone can do to make him stop . 
  according to ard the front-seat passenger was found dead . 
  could have been killed before to take control of the vehicle . 
  it might not be intended to promote `` centrism '' directly . 
  the idea is mire that you need a 50 % +1 vote majority for pretty much anything in most european democracies . 
  so if no candidate gets 50 % of the votes in the first round , the two candidates with the most votes get to fight for who has a majority behind them . 
  since the president often is the only directly elected person/position this is rather important . 
  it gives him a lot more legitimacy than a chancellor who is always only indirectly voted for and often only has 1/4 of the voters behind him . 
  it 's about mobilising voters of parties other than your own . 
  le pen will be voted for by people that are at least somewhat sympathetic with the far right . 
  most voters however are near the center , and some are on the left side of the spectrum . 
  since any candidate is guarnateed to be not as far right as her they have a lot more potential to take in voters from the rest of the spectrum than her . 
  yup  the view is from the 11th floor . 
  the one in the middle , slightly to the right is the auva building ( insurance company ) . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://abload.de/img/img_20140927_1824165zj7d.jpg ) the view from the dorm i used to live at in vienna . 
  he suggested populism , not authenticity . 
  and he has been suggesting that for a while now . 
  i do n't think that sitting there and saying no takes balls though . 
  it takes a lot more effort to attempt and influence turkey so they do n't develop in a direction that `` we '' do n't support . 
  breaking off negotiations certainly does n't look like it 's going to achieve that . 
  if anything it seems very shortsighted . 
  even if negotiations continued , turkey would n't be ready to join the eu for a while anyways . 
  he was n't even undead . 
  he resurrected himself . 
  i 'd say that makes him more of a druid or shaman . 
  but those are n't necessarily the children of those muslims that we talked about in this comment thread . 
  rather , they are very unlikely to be . 
  get over it . 
  you 're lumping people together for no apparent reason . 
  it would be very unlikely for this not to exist at this point tbh . 
  there are more than enough muslims all over europe that actually enjoy the freedoms they have while still practicing their religion . 
  and since a lot of those people came so their children would have a better life , it would be stupid for them to not oppose movements that threaten that . 
  while true , i do n't think that will matter as much to a person like him like it would to regular people . 
  it 's not like anything happened . 
  the court pretty much assessed that he has been inciting hate . 
  he pretty much just got a `` you 're a big cunt '' card . 
  i was thinking along the lines of alan rickman as snape . 
  to quote ( quote from memory , might not be 100 % correct ) a former austrian finance minister who was on trial for tax evasion `` i know nothing about tax law '' . 
  so it 's basically the same way we tell other austrians apart ? 
  if we ca n't understand them -  vorarlberg , if they bark -  styrian , if they are grumpy and look like they have no hope in their lives -  viennese . 
  really hard to do when there is no legal basis . 
  deportation is even more difficult .
