  we use the austrian flag instead . 
  funny is when they are doing it on purpose . 
  this is just sad . 
  maybe not a german one , but i do know someone who does porn who lives in vienna . 
  i 'd have said `` austria is nice '' , but you want to be a researcher :(, 
  you ca n't start a world war without austria , so he 'd have to insult sacher cake or wiener schnitzel ( which technically comes from italy ) . 
  but factually it does n't change the `` credibility '' , since the process which determines the ranking is unaffected . 
  and the process is where the credibility for any kind of statistic comes from , not the presentation of such numbers ( unless they would choose to present it in a select/random order , making it unclear who actually pulls ahead of others ) . 
  it literally does n't make it any more or less credible . 
  i believe you can argue the amount of reserved spots once someone has actually managed to qualify for a `` very good '' . 
  i find it fair that places 1-3 are only awarded to countries performing at `` very good '' , if noone fulfills the qualia for a very good then the places 1-3 ca n't be given out . 
  you should n't lower your expectations just because there 's noone around to fulfill them yet . 
  that 's how we got the politicians we have nowadays . 
  well , putin puts a lot more effort into staying in power , merkel running for chancellor sounds more like there 's not really any other person to step up . 
  although merkel can legally be chancellor as often as she gets elected , putin ca n't be president forever without changing the constitution ( i mean he could just have someone else become president and then take a different office that is n't limited by a number of terms , but who would do that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the question was directed at / u/mkvgtired who implied that obama was being protested , which likely happened because he did n't read the article . 
  what about denlands though ? 
  the place where everyone has his own private cave !, 
  i believe that the german president is even less relevant than the austrian though , so it makes sense . 
  we get to vote on whether we want a president who is part of a fraternity that believes austria is just a construct in the minds of people and in reality not separate from germany . 
  he also does n't see why it would be weird if he - in the event he does get elected - would don the traditional sash of said brotherhood which is colored black/red/golden . 
  so in reality germany might not need do much at all . 
  i still think it 's weird they built a fence on the slovenian border though . 
  beads would have made more sense . 
  i think i need some serious therapy after seeing that . 
  sanctions could easily escalate things and make it even worse . 
  if that was how a discussion started that would be something people could talk about . 
  but usually that is n't how these discussions go . 
  for vienna at least it 's more a matter of public transport availability . 
  northwest and north areas for instance are more filled up with houses and are generally nice neighbourhoods as long as you have a car/don ' t plan on leaving it too much . 
  there is a chance ( not too big , but it 's there ) for schulz to become chancellor . 
  you should n't forget that polls right now are still early , it 's a bit over 2 months until the elections , and a lot can happen during the campaign . 
  which would actually be immensely interesting to watch . 
  the thing is though that , even if she did lose the chancellorship , her party would wind up being in government most likely anyways . 
   is bad for everyone . 
  * except for manufacturers of course, 
  you do n't have to have it on your passport , it is entirely optional . 
  i do n't like how this loses the uniqueness of some flags , like the greek one . 
  this also makes austria and latvia look more similar than usual , since before the width of the white bar in the middle was different ( austria has three bars all with the same width , latvia has a thinner in the middle ) . 
  is n't that the new avengers training facility ? 
  come to austria , we 've got all the holidays . 
  not tiny trump . 
  that ca n't be real . 
  in austria any ballot where the voter 's will is clearly understandable is counted . 
  you can simply cross out all parties you do n't wish to vote for and your ballot will count for the one you do n't cross out . 
  i am pretty sure this is a map of states of heads . 
  as someone that has only a very limited understanding of uk politics , can you explain to me what you think of your parties ? 
  you seem like a reasonable and more objective person that is directly involved so i feel like you could provide an interesting point of view . 
  that 's because merkel is sane . 
  i personally would be very happy to see labour win the election , as unlikely as that is . 
  that 's not how the world works . 
  at best that 's how being an only child with very lenient and/or patient parents works . 
  it does seem positively refreshing so far . 
  which is asinine . 
  you can change the setting in the playstation store to any other country , however if you buy credit vouchers in stores in your country they wo n't be redeemable anywhere else . 
  credit cards and paypal are locked between us/eu , not sure if there are issues from one eu country to another , have n't tried that . 
  same for hbo go , or the playstation online store which even has region locked credit vouchers . 
  nothing of what you said is realistic for instance . 
  you seem to be all about gross exaggeration and generalisation . 
  you treat countless different groups of people as some sort of homogenous mass or think that in the absence of migration no change whatsoever would happen in the world . 
  none of these things hold the test of time or a simple reality check though . 
  it 's not random . 
  people see pussy , they upvote pussy , no matter where it is from . 
  you do realize that other than being optimistic or pessimistic , you could simply be realistic , right ? 
  the world is more than just black and white . 
  only if you have a very pessimist outlook on the future . 
  esc being hosted by germany , best joke i heard in a while . 
  has germany received more than 10 points in total in the past couple years ? 
  if there were sanctions from brussels , that would just foster more anti-eu sentiment , and strengthen the right-wing in austria . 
  woman had more titles than the eu has members . 
  but how do you move to another country when you 're broke and do n't have a job ? 
  see ? 
  works out perfectly . 
  i was thinking of macarons . 
  vienna - you can get a nice view from inside the karlskirche , which is inside the city . 
  you can get a nice view over most of the city from either kahlenberg or the dc tower as well . 
  it 's widely known that the uk are the usa of europe . 
  you do realize that this game is exclusively set up by the players though ? 
  and with the public aware of the use of antibiotics , it 's actually not a dumb move to advertise that your meat was produced without heavy medication , instead it would set you apart from competitors . 
  you do realize though that it 's not companies making decisions , but the people that make up said companies , which means there are moral agents . 
  i do n't think i have ever bought pork meat . 
  but what about people that want their steaks bloody ? 
  what about people that want their stakes bloody ? 
  what about people that want bloody steaks on bloody stakes ? 
  i find it a bit shortsighted to just dismiss all responsibility from corporations this easily . 
  vorarlberg , austria 's most western federal state also once held a vote to join switzerland ( iirc that was post ww1 ) . 
  they voted yes , however switzerland never accepted them because that would have ment a catholic and german native speaking majority in the country . 
  you should n't forget that california is n't landlocked like austria . 
  temperature alone does n't really tell you if the heat is bearable or not . 
  plus california is further south , it makes more sense for it to be hotter . 
  yesterday i only had 27 \u00b0 in my flat . 
  was nice for things to cool down finally . 
  but that 's not really apologizing as much as saying that you 're going to be blunt . 
  it 's sort of the opposite of an apology . 
  `` excuse my french '' is something you say when you curse accidentally , ie . 
  when you knock over a glass or smth and say `` fuck '' as a reflex . 
  what you 're talking about tells people that you 're fully intending to express yourself in an impolite manner . 
  i do think though that there is not as much of a negative association with cursing in german as their is in english , especially the us , so that might be a reason why we do n't feel the need to apologise . 
  i do n't think we excuse ourselves . 
  does it count if nobody knows them ?
