  like on maybe one day in a year . 
  and here i was thinking that that was cocaine . 
  why does that look horribly depressing ? 
  i 'd say it looks rather delightful . 
  nah , it has been on the simpsons , this had to happen . 
  what about me agreeing with the ehrc stance on creating objective balance is mental gymnastics ? 
  it 's perfectly fine to have a business that caters toward a specific clientel , but straight out banning someone based on any innate quality is n't okay . 
  so no , gay only businesses are n't okay , just like straight only businesses are n't okay . 
  however in the links you provided ( specifically the first one ) it states that `` gay people and their friends '' are welcome , as in everyone who does n't have a problem with people being gay . 
  your lack of reading comprehension is astounding . 
  the first article already does n't prove any discrimination taking place . 
  there is no statement of any refusal of service . 
  for the second article :  the british equality and human rights commission ( ehrc ) which recently advocated for a same-sex couple in a successful lawsuit against christian hoteliers who had banned gay couples from sharing a double room , has announced that in order to create an `` objective balance '' on this issue it will be investigating hotels aimed at gay couples to see if any have discriminatory policies that exclude straight couples . 
  that is a perfectly fine stance . 
   the ehrc says it has not received any complaints over gay-only hotels but is looking for evidence of potential discrimination . 
  this should be noted . 
  it should also be noted that you have not brought up anything that would indicate discrimination against straight people taking place . 
  or civil partnerships should have been opened for everyone . 
  it 's similar in austria , with one difference : straight couples can marry , non-straight couples can have their `` registered partnership '' . 
  ( same-sex marriage is n't legal here . ), 
  the interesting part is that legally marriages and registered partnerships are different in quite a few ways . 
  for instance married couples can have a `` family name '' , while registered partners only have a `` last name '' , though i do believe this has been changed by now . 
  in a marriage , having sex with someone you are not married to is a reason for a divorce , even if you and your partner consented that you can have sex with other people ( as in an open relationship ) . 
  in a registered partnership that is n't the case . 
  was n't a couple imprisoned ( for/after ) putting flowers at the us embassy after the attack in orlando ? 
  ( this is a question , not a statement , i only heard about it , but do n't know any specifics . ), 
  of course he thinks . 
  he also thinks he should be the center of the universe , does n't mean that anyone should act according to his beliefs . 
  you pretty much just proved my point so i am inclined to believe that my judgement was fair . 
  he 's just given in to all the populism in austria . 
  most people here were against ceta before they even knew what it was . 
  in the long run this is only natural and makes sense , but i doubt we will see this being in effect too soon . 
  austria for instance has some of the highest taxes within the union , and also some of the highest spending in the sectors of social security and health ( ranking place 3 or so worldwide ) . 
  reducing taxes would ( in theory ) reduce the overall budget , making cuts everywhere necessary , so if at all , this could only be done gradually . 
  finally someone addresses the real issues here !, 
  in austria we kinda have them . 
  they are about 20 people . 
  i do n't think this number alone is enough to draw any conclusion without having at least a statistic for the amount of crimes being commited or someting to accompany it . 
  it 's not like that habsburgs are n't trying , claiming that austria ca n't have a president since nobody ever get to vote whether we should be a monarchy or democracy . 
  most things were part of austria at some point . 
  we made sure to marry everything that was n't on a tree after counting to 3 . 
  we even had claim on mexico for a time . 
  finland , like austria is likely a `` neutral '' country and as such ca n't really reasonably join nato . 
  has n't that been obvious for quite some time now ? 
  probably has to do with trump saying that `` belgium is a wonderful city '' or smth like that . 
  in parts of austria they are . 
  that seems unimaginable . 
  thankfully the british/uklian government is smarter than that . 
  thankfully he does n't work in any position that would require knowledge about the world outside the borders of the uk . 
  it 's more of a matter of the fire alarm going off despite there not being any smoke . 
  according to the voters of one specific party i apparently have been stabbed to death on 13 occasions , was raped about 323 times and have heard my native language spoken about 0 times while in vienna . 
  according to statistics however austria ranks at about place 3 worldwide in safety . 
  i think that 'd be a job for ... mary poppins !, 
  i hope you did n't miss the irony in your own statement . 
  also hofer is the rightwing candidate . 
  his party always says that the `` people '' want hofer , and that the `` people '' are fed up with the `` elites '' and what not . 
  kinda feels like you 're mixing things up . 
  getting back s\u00fcdtyrol is also something the fp\u00d6 likes to call for irregularly . 
  but we have a bond villain as a chancellor now . 
  to be fair , your elections are shitty for entirely different reasons . 
  there 's generally smoking and non-smoking areas . 
  that 's very disrespectful to paralympics . 
  there 's a difference between having many smokers , and smokers not respecting smoking bans , which is the topic of this post , or at least so i thought . 
  ca n't say that i have encountered people not respecting smoking bans there . 
  what ? 
  must be some weird part of vienna you are in . 
  i dislike geoblocking in general , but geoblocking within the eu is the most ridiculous thing i can imagine . 
  putting something in a comment here however has nothing to do with linking and probably is already punishable . 
  here we just let them sleep . 
  probably someone wanting clicks for their newspaper . 
  yeah , this should have been directed at the user above you . 
  that 's because politics in the usa in general are more right-wing than most european countries . 
  take hillary , the theoretical left-wing candidate who would still fit in rather well with most center-right parties in various european countries . 
  that does n't make them far-left . 
  they are left/center-left . 
  arguably yes , but there 's a difference between center-left and far-left . 
  green party is n't far left imo , they just lost contours and are now not really easy to pin down . 
  they are definitely left though . 
  hofer 's party is always against everything , so it 'd be odd to see him in favour of anything . 
  it 's not far-right vs far-left though . 
  austria does n't have any far left party in parliament since pirates and others never get enough votes . 
  van der bellen specifically pulled the green party closer to the center when he was an active politician . 
  it 's only a crime if the parents object . 
  it would have to be the parents reporting it in that case afaik , anyone else ca n't make a report/object . 
  you are a perfect example of a person that needs to get out and talk more often to people . 
  they can , if noone objects/reports it . 
  this will probably go underappreciated, 
  not really though . 
  it is rather clear to most people that someone wearing a burka is unlikely to integrate , it 's just that not everyone thinks that banning a burka is the way to go about helping those people with integration . 
  banning it would be a radical move , something that usually gets answered in a radical manner . 
  understandably so . 
  your us example does n't work , because it 's not 52 % of the population being murdered . 
  however it 's 44 % of women equal somewhere around 25 % of the population . 
  and again - in austria we have 7 % muslims , in france there 's 5-10 % and austria is the country with the second lowest rate in the statistics , while france ranks among the highest . 
  if turkey did finish the chapters it would be a different country and there would be less resentment/reservations to it joining . 
  the seats in eu parliament do n't mean nearly as much as you might think . 
  7 % of the austrian population are muslims , 5-10 % of the french population are muslims , so that is an idiotic statement to make anyways . 
  is that a serious question ? 
  france has at best a 10 % muslim population . 
  how would 10 % of the population be accountable for 44 % of women experiencing violence ?
