  especially if you factor in that austria has 7 % muslims . 
  on a quick glance this kinda makes it look like people are more/less sensitive towards violence in different countries , because otherwise such a stark contrast between austria and france for instance makes little sense . 
  does anyone know how the ownership works legally ? 
  since the mother belongs to china , do the babies as well ? 
  r/aww is invading !, 
  it 's my personal shorthand , i also tend to use usaliens , because americans is technically not what most people use it as . 
  it does make the uk more attractive in terms of tourism for now , while the uk is still part of the eu ( so free movement still applies ) . 
  once they exit the small boost to tourism that is expected atm might subside again . 
  ( but you were hinting at the ironic `` more foreigners '' aspect of it i suppose ? ), 
  holidays in the uk became cheaper for me , stayed the same for uklians and holidays in the eu are more expensive now for people from the uk . 
  hardly think that 's going to be the only thing people will notice . 
  our foreign affairs minister is part of a center-right party anyways , so this should n't really be a surprise . 
  personally i prefer esperanto . 
  is there a reason why someone from china could not seek asylum ? 
  i 'm not sure i would be capable of telling that story . 
  i 'd die of shame . 
  that 's d&d, 
  how is the scottish independence stuff `` populism '' ? 
  it 's somewhat of a logical consequence of the uk deciding to leave the eu , and for scotland likely the more `` stable '' choice . 
  plus it was brought up by her party before it was popular , sticking to it can hardly be called `` populistic '' . 
  if anything , it 's opportunistic to vote again now , when there 's more likelyhood of the independence vote succeeding . 
  if she was populist , the basis for the new independence vote would have to be that she pitches england as an elite , which is n't what is happening . 
  why/on what basis ? 
  from what i understood and heard from her so far her reaction seemed reasonable . 
  scotland had their independence referendum , but back then the referendum was held under a general impression that the uk would remain . 
  this of course influenced the outcome of the vote as seen on the brexit poll ( scots voted remain with a majority , had they known that brexit would happen at the time of the independence referendum the outcome might have been in favour of scottish independence ) . 
  is n't it only reasonable to give scotts another shot at a referendum , even if `` independence '' is a bit of an odd term for it , considering it 's pretty much going to be uk vs eu ? 
  careful , you would n't want someone to report you to the police so you wo n't commit murder . 
  yup , nuclear fusion does seem to have an immense amount of potential if it ever becomes feasible . 
  would n't employment due to summer tourism show up in q3 more so than q2 ? 
  meanwhile here in austria people are freaking out because we have 6 % unemployment . 
  depending on what evidence they find they might just raid something before an incident occurs . 
  on the other hand this could of course spur other people into action and create more attacks in the short term due to fear of being found . 
  it 's not about quantity , it 's about quality . 
  i 'll say though that i prefer god corpsifier . 
  yes , you think . 
  because you have to , because coverage is rather bad , and the only things we ever hear about is selling patents to monsanto and restricting how bent a cucumber can be . 
  also note that my post was ment to be cynical , precisely because we rarely hear anything positive about the eu . 
  omg , the eu does something i care about !, 
  depends on your pronunciation of no, 
  we speak alpish , together with bavarians and arguably the swiss . 
  depends - if you go to japan for instance you just have to say `` mozarto no kangaru '' and they will know . 
  thankfully both boarder on austria so there 's no chance of me making that mistake . 
  slovenia was the more nothern one , right ? 
  what was the last time greece did n't struggle ? 
  wrg to zero rating : i know of one mobile phone provider that has zero rating for spotify ( and as far as i know spotify exclusively ) , which is nice and all , but also unfair to pretty much any other internet service . 
  i think you forgot to add 12 months to make it two years . 
  but then i 'm not gon na watch it : /, 
  i really want a movie named baby boom about explosive babies now . 
  * offence, 
  especially the viennese . 
  we are nice people though , we just like to complain . 
  well , you have to take that with a grain of salt though , it 's more about `` sudern '' than it is about plain scepticism . 
  personally i 'm more for `` great alp-land '' that combines austria , bavaria and switzerland so we can forever claim that we have the best dialects . 
  and white sauce of unclear origin . 
  polls show two colored bars . 
  or the problem ? 
  you just lost your rollercoster privileges young man !, 
  that 's because of german economy minister stating that he wants to give british expats german citizenship , is n't it ? 
  i did nazi that coming . 
  tell that to germany and austria . 
  or maybe do n't ? 
  i do n't mind the laws being in place . 
  with the uk leaving we do require a new country to step forward and provide us with our common tongue . 
  pretty sure the french are already working on a plan . 
  2016 was a year full of potential and a year full of the reality that people are too dumb and egoistical to seize that potential . 
  comforting lies sadly are what the people want . 
  but you will have the power of captain hindsight !, 
  personally i think the most important thing is the fact that uk does n't consider itself part of europe . 
  i love this post so much . 
  i suppose he was trying to point out that the terms of the uk leaving the eu is not going to be negotiated before article 50 is invoked . 
  talking about joining the eu however is perfectly fine . 
  if we can prove that the uk has been sleeping with other countries we wo n't even have to pay anything !, 
  well technically it has n't been decided yet whether the uk will leave . 
  the referendum is mostly just `` nice '' to look at , but legally it 's not binding . 
  of course it would be weird not to decide to leave the eu after the vote , but at the same time they are trying their best to bide their time so they wo n't have to make that decision . 
  after all , you ca n't be blamed for not leaving when there just has n't been a right time to leave , can you ? 
  so poor poor greeks ? 
  why would putins sphere of influence grow due to russians having their vacations in greece instead of turkey ( most likely ) ? 
  i thought cunt was only for special occasion and margaret thatcher, 
  according to everything i have heard about the process so far there does n't seem to be anyone that thinks there actually was a manipulation , but there have been lots errors with regards to the formality of counting the votes . 
  and people laughed at me a month or so ago when i said that scots would want another referendum should the brits decide to leave the eu . 
  also he kinda looks a bit like trump . 
  that 's not a `` european '' moment , that 's more of a south/southeastern thing according to my experience with croatia/italy . 
  if you reread my post , i did say that the greens are a left-wing party . 
  although personally i 'd say that the austrian greens have moved closer to the center ever since alexander van der bellen was their party leader . 
  this likely was n't fraud but rather an honest mistake . 
  in case of fraud it would have been fraud for the losers benefit however , so the outcome would n't change . 
  you ca n't proof that he does , we do however know that he made at least one request in parliament on whether chemtrails are being used in austri or not . 
  iirc there were even two such request but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  but nobody gets treated better . 
  that 's an asinine statement to make . 
  i do n't know what kinda lefts you have , but here the political left is the wing of government that takes action for homosexuals , while the so called `` protectors of the fatherland '' would rather not see gays have right because they `` must protect children '' . 
  hofer did appear to get close to his breaking point a couple times though . 
  i 'm not sure if being the party leader would do him any good in the long run . 
  us magazines sure seem to be trying hard to make their population feel comfortable with the ignorance the us go about in the world . 
  he certainly seems like a much better president than most people want to give him credit for . 
  and i also agree that people just do n't realize how bad the fp\u00d6 is . 
  the governing parties at their worst have some `` minor '' scandals . 
  fp\u00d6 at their worst openly calls refugees `` neanderthals '' , applaud people saying that `` zionistic money jews '' are responsible for the refugee crisis as a means of payback against europe ( causa winter ) , think it 's great when multiple hundreds of refugees die while crossing the sea to get to europe , are against shelters for battered women ( according to parts of the fp\u00d6 those shelters destroy marriages ) and the list goes on .
