  the political parties however do n't actually tend to radicalise people like that , despite the fact of how often it is brought up . 
  and the thing is that fp\u00d6 getting elected previously has cost precisely the people that are voting for it now the most . 
  they have prevented any kind of action to help those people time and again , due to how strong they have been in the past . 
  when has the green party ever said anything like this ? 
  is n't that the eu ? 
  for the most part this is true . 
  the bp ( bundespr\u00e4sident ) does have some significant competences that just rarely got used because so far he always came from one of the two governing parties . 
  the bp however can decide to prevent a specific person from becoming a minister - which might just be an important function in the near future . 
  governing parties switching out ministers as though they are yesterdays socks is something that has been done a lot , the last time being just a couple days ago . 
  and it 's not like they replaced mikl-leitner with someone that inspires confidence . 
  it 's because our governing parties are pretty much incapable and only got where they are because of their predecessors being somewhat competent politicians . 
  that makes it relatively easy for a populist party to swoop in and take all the dismay in the population and make it seem as though they care . 
  no , that spot is actually reserved for team stronach . 
  not that fp\u00d6 is n't a close second though . 
  most people voted for him because he 's young . 
  tells you a lot about how much people actually care about politics . 
  griss switching to hofer seems somewhat less likely than them switching to vdb , but it all depends on how either of them plays their cards . 
  i find the difference between germany and austria quite interesting . 
  it 's actually interesting , because usually you 'd think that having a monopoly on anything would be bad . 
  as long as it 's not led by one of my countrymen it should be alright . 
  making paying for prostitution illegal is n't necessarily bad for sex workers , as it allows them to report any mistreatment while not doing anything illegal themselves ( as long as being paid for sex is n't made illegal as well ) . 
  not `` opposite '' , the word you 're looking for is `` streisand '', 
  because germans have a hands-on mentality . 
  it 's not like we do n't already have things very close to that in austria . 
  we also would have loved to rule the germans . 
  a decent amount of germans actually would have supported that solution at the time . 
  i do n't see any way how this could go wrong . 
  oh please , we all know that germans are n't funny , that 's what we austrians are here for !, 
  you have everything else , at least let us be the funny german native speakers . 
  have n't they already done that in the past ? 
  also mexico for a time , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maximilian_i_of_mexico ( though rather indirectly ), 
  * asterisk, 
  according to outsiders dirndl & lederhosen . 
   austria 7,90 % i assume that 's mostly germans , slovenians , hungarians ? 
  nudlaug austrian dialect , literally translates as `` noodle eye '' , but actually means the opening in your penis . 
  i ca n't come in to work tomorrow , i 'm feeling a bit gay . 
  the very least . 
  that 's bs . 
  i was talking about the `` running gag '' where nokia phones are supposedly indestructible and dropping one on the floor can create earthquakes . 
  the `` fall of nokia '' sounds like some kind of apocalypse scenario to someone that spends a lot of their time on the internet . 
  but i 'm advising you to to the opposite our government has , and here the fp\u00d6 regularly gets up to 25 % of votes because all our parties are doing is to tell people how bad the fp\u00d6 is , which obviously drives people upset with our government to them . 
  and tons of people have an issue with our government , specifically our chancellor . 
  alternatively countries could just try to make a coalition with every party in the government , which occasionally works and is generally welcome by most voters . 
  this also reduces the impact the afd could have . 
  realistically they should just bit the actual bullet , get afd into a coalition so that we will never hear of them again after the next vote . 
  `` ignoring '' or always being against them does n't work , at least not in austria . 
  the only thing that has worked in austria so far was to let them rule . 
  their votes plummeted during the next vote . 
  there is no `` second most important '' language of europe . 
  the language you want to learn simply heavily depends on your circumstances . 
  if you live in germany you will likely want to know german . 
  if you grew up in germany and work for an internation company , you learn french , possibly russian . 
  if you 're from austria you might want to learn russian before french . 
  but depending on where in austria you live and what you work as italian , slovenian or hungarian might be advantageous as well . 
  if you 're from trentino-alto adidge you likely already speak italian and german natively so you can do whatever the hell you want . 
  it depends so much on where in europe you are specifically that i do n't think you could ever reasonably make such a generalized statement . 
  sorry , and i 'm gon na let you finish , but austria is the king of unnecessary bureaucracy for all time . 
  leipzig was n't a very clean city when i was there , ca n't really imagine berlin being less clean than that . 
  although i was in leipzig in 2008 , maybe that 's changes by now . 
  you can easily see how clean austria is by traveling between vienna and bratislava ( 1h by train ) . 
  not that bratislava is extremely dirty or anything , but vienna is quite a bit cleaner . 
  travelling from brussel to antwerpen you notice a similar difference , with antwerpen being cleaner . 
  considering that the majority of refugees went to germany ( / sweden ) and the eu as a whole have n't done anything to help it 's not like the country most impacted by her actions is n't germany . 
  plus her hand has been somewhat forced anyways due to austria holding the balkan conference , which again happened because of the inability of the eu to do anything . 
  too bad there is n't such a law in austria . 
  this would lead to so many jobs considering the average austrian insults our chancellor about 3 times per day . 
  my bad, 
  please tell me at least that one 's some kind of satire , i already had a hard time believing the austrian ones were real after they popped up on a friends facebook feed yesterday . 
  they do n't , the originals are in arabic , you can find them on the interior ministries twitter page : https://twitter.com/migration_oe?lang=de twitter link taken from the homepage of the ministry of interior : http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi/_news/bmi.aspx, 
  does n't it depend on a states law whether you can apply for asylum at an embassy ? 
  i 'm relatively sure it was possible to apply for asylum in austrian embassies until about 2005 . 
  the whole point of having a publicly financed media outlet however is to prevent it from being too dependant on benefactors giving them money , so they wo n't have to be swayed by the benefactors opinions . 
  just compare european media to media in the us when it comes to election . 
  third party candidates in the us are virtually non-existent . 
  i would also like to note that an actual unified eu military might not even be possible , considering the neutral states that are part of the eu . 
  being part of the eu already makes being neutral questionable , but joining military forces directly likely wo n't be legal to do . 
  see , that 's why we give our president relatively little power , that way we do n't have to worry so much about everything . 
  i believe the german president is even worse off . 
  i do n't see how this relates to my comment ? 
  with a toaster ? 
  would n't that consume more energy since it 'd always have to be on to some degree vs only being on when in use ? 
  i still do n't get why you would need a `` smart '' kettle or toaster anyway . 
   but the real story in the immediate aftermath was the unthinking hipster brits , clearly so uninformed about the eu that they automatically jumped onto this american trend without even the slightest knowledge of why they were doing so you do realize that the implications of the uk leaving the eu also came with predictions of a heavy economic backlash , so moving to canada for that purpose is n't the weirdest decision to make , right ? 
  i thought it was mostly brits claiming irish passports ? 
  was n't the `` move to canada '' thing just something usalian ? 
  afd however has also been losing ground so far after their initial victories . 
  i thought the polls were looking like she would win . 
  the next attempt at electing an austrian president is on the 4th of december . 
  pretty sure we are next . 
  also ttip becoming less likely is going to make quite a few people unreasonably happy . 
  that makes no sense . 
  you ca n't just ship your own citizens into another country because you do n't like them . 
  austrian chocolate is pretty great too , at least the ones from zotter . 
  they even have 400 different kinds , just to make sure to hit everyone 's tastes . 
  a majority of it is . 
  but as its slogan says `` vienna is different '' . 
  vienna is n't in the alps . 
  and it 's different if it 's not outside of your house . 
  there 's snow on the ground . 
  you know how often that happens in vienna ?
