  to be fair , it 's hard to imagine a country where your living conditions are so bad that you go on a journey spanning over more than a thousand kilometers that might as well kill you and otherwise use up all the money you have . 
  not being at leat somewhat empathetic with that is not easy . 
  so i do get that people would lie out of desperation . 
  however there are rules that everybody has to follow , and it would be great if the eu as a whole could agree to what rules those are . 
  couple that with a common eu border and refugee policy that does n't disadvantage countries such as greece or italy . 
  once that is enacted , people might actually have faith in the eu outside of the current `` do n't wan na leave '' mentality , which is much less positive than it sounds . 
  considering we are among the top 2 or 3 countries within the eu in terms of refugees per capita ( * latest stats i have found on this might be from 2015 sadly , do n't know where i could find anything more recent ) , i believe this is something that has become necessary for the sake of keeping the general public at least somewhat `` happy '' and preventing a potential far-right future government . 
  at least social democrats managed to prevent the cap on refugees ( which still was incredibly high anyway ) from being part of that law , as that very likely could have been ruled unconstitutional or could have drawn the attention of the ecj . 
  and to be honest it 's only fair to expect asylum seekers to at least make an honest application . 
  in communist austria your organs are owned by the state and donated freely ( once you die and only if you have n't opted out before ) . 
  omg why did canada vote for castro 's son ? 
  at least they are tearing down the establishment . 
  and everything else with it . 
  is a texit referendum coming up ? 
  the image shown in the topic is not adjusted for taxes , which means it 's precisely not what people see on their paycheck if i understand it correctly . 
  because the goal is to be around friends and family/your loved ones . 
  consumerism is just incidental and not really a focus depending on your family . 
  why are there ninjas cutting onions ? 
  the year is 2386 . 
  xorbron nyxelbrom , prime minister of the one world nation would like to remind the uk that it ca n't cherry pick its conditions for leaving the now obsolete eu . 
  it 's either that or they are going to quote enough european leaders so that everyone that reads it ca n't go `` i do n't care what x says , i do n't even know that person '' . 
  that statement makes no sense to me . 
  the referendum has no impact on italy 's role within the eu as far as i am aware . 
  the only way it could be about the eu is if people were worried that after their pm stepped down and an eu hostile government came into power . 
  it 's not that different in austria . 
  older men where the group of people that gave hofer the fewest votes out of all male age groups . 
  well yeah , if you take away almost a quarter of the population that all have similar voting habits you certainly can skew the results , but that 's kind of a nonsensical statement to make . 
  depends on what the law specifically covers and means , but gay conversion therapy among other things included electric shock therapy , lobotomy , drugs that cause you to feel uncomfortable/sick while showing you homoerotic imagery . 
  essentially dangerous and crazy shit like that . 
  most of these things would be illegal anywhere , so i 'm not sure what this specific law is about . 
  where did you get that number for vienna ? 
  vienna is n't over 2 mio inhabitants yet . 
  carinthia is where haider is from and came into power . 
  people there are much less opposed and much more likely to vote for an fp\u00d6 candidate . 
   innviertel truly became the blue heartland only if you ignore the southernmost federal state as well as the eastern most one . 
  styria is just salty because their communities got merged and might not vote for fp\u00d6 nearly as much in the near future . 
  they would know best . 
  no , he only rejected a few ministers , but he was in no position where rejecting the entire cabinet would have resolved in anything positive . 
  he also forced the government that had formed at the time to sign a pro european and pro democracy preamble before swearing them in . 
  is it practiced somewhere ? 
  the general public knows nothing of this yet , at least in austria . 
  this is also the first time i have heard of this . 
  he did use the term `` united nations of europe '' . 
  you would go to north korea rather than staying in turkey ? 
  woah . 
   it 's telling that many in norbert hofer 's party actually blamed farage 's intervention for its defeat actually most people people in the fp\u00d6 blamed vice-chancellor mitterlehner of the \u00d6vp ( center-right ) who said he was going to vote for van der bellen . 
  a number of the fp\u00d6 leaders specifically called him out directly after the vote . 
  farage is also relatively unimportant to our media landscape and i did n't actually see a lot on him saying that . 
  ca n't imagine he had much of an impact . 
  problem with that statistic is that it 's not adjusted to number of households or population . 
  austria is way lower on that graph than germany , but germany 's has 10x as many inhabitants than we do , making our numbers per capita roughly the same . 
  there 's lots of scepticism towards us products . 
  with regards to animal producs for instance , the us offer them a lot cheaper than we do , but they also have way lower standards in terms of production . 
  people are afraid that this would/could cause our own farmers to quickly lose their jobs . 
  i 'm not sure what it looks like with canada , but those concerns at least were n't openly issued , it mostly was just the masses getting caught up in populism against free trade . 
  does that mean we 'll get mechas ? 
  they better make sure we get mechas !, 
  since it 's south-german it is very close to austria and reports on us more frequently than others as far as i am aware and it is also widely respected ( iirc it was the newspaper that was initially approached with the data from the panama leak ) . 
  i mean technically speaking austria has had a former social democrat as president for the last 12 years who will now be replaced by a former greens politician and we have had and still have a social democrat chancellor for a total of 10 years now . 
  social democrats tend to be centre-left . 
  the weirdest part about that is that lots of people consider merkel to be left . 
  he ca n't in reality completely reject a new cabinet . 
  while he does in theory have that power , the president ultimately has to play the hand he is dealt , since he ca n't really fight the overall will of the national council . 
  i did as well initially . 
  the way people talked about women there and actually thought they were being smart or funny is something i just could n't immediately associate with actual sincere behaviour . 
  do n't forget the capslock . 
  that 's significant . 
  i for one did n't expect it to bounce back that quickly . 
  i thought we 'd have at least 24 hours of panic . 
  that 's actually impressive . 
  has italy ever received a guiness world records entry for that ? 
  since i was 16 back then , i honestly did n't pay enough attention to politics at the time to know how it was received . 
  it 's never talked about nowadays though . 
  we have done so since 2007 . 
  in austria we allow 16 year olds to vote since about 10ish years ago ( i 'm 25 now , so i did n't pay that much attention to it , i just know the law changed when i was either in secondary or tertiary education ) . 
  the significant part about changing the law again was to allow people that turned 16 during the 9 months of campaigning to vote ( we do n't usually have campaigns lasting this long ) . 
  he is actually a surprisingly popular politician , specifically in vienna . 
  not wanting hofer as president certainly helped , on the other hand a decent number of people also voted hofer solely due to the stigma of the green party . 
  that 's literally the reason why people vote right in austria though . 
  in austria generally the most with higher education vote for either greens ( left , leaning center left ) or christ democrats ( center right , conservatives ) . 
  interestingly , last elections introduced another party to the parliament called neos ( ~ center right , but not conservative , socially progressive , free mark ) , which gets most of its voters from people with matura as their highest level of education ( does badly below and above that level ) . 
  they are too young though to tell if that 's going to be a lasting trend . 
  pretty sure if anything , he just suspended his membership , which is a custom with austrian presidents . 
  you do realize that in the austrian electoral system that just means the he individually opted in to run for office , instead of the party doing it for him ? 
  that does n't mean he is n't still a party member , it just means that he ran as independent , which then can be supported by one ( or more ) candidates . 
  i would n't say the \u00d6vp has much of a plan anymore either , but i guess at least they are somewhat quiet . 
  pretty sure the tories are more \u00d6vp . 
  literally countries like greece . 
  any by that i mean very few people are interested in them , since they are n't `` rich '' countries . 
  someone from the austrian fp\u00d6 literally wrote a book stating that . 
  it was published by hofer . 
  that is a satire sub , right ? 
  and the `` old men '' also remember ww2 and the effects afterwards . 
  that 's the qualifiers , not the race . 
  it does n't count if you only do it once , it 's a best of 3 . 
  pretty sure germany is mostly safe . 
  even at her lowest , merkel seems have more support from the public than the last 3 austrian chancellors combined . 
  so where we the original 2016 and started a curse that we now had to stop ? 
  well , i 'm from carinthia so i guess i just can no longer be surprised by their idiocy ? 
  i was making a joke .
