  strache ( party leader ) even suggested that we might need to change human right if human rights `` force '' us to take in refugees . 
  the fuck . 
  the austrian greens have some of the most well educated people among all of our representatives in parliament - that 's a statistical fact . 
  they share that trend with neos , \u00d6vp used to be in the same boat and probably still holds the highest amount of people with a law degree i 'd wager . 
  they also are n't `` feminazis '' . 
  sure , they are the party with the most female members and they are for gender equality , but they do n't go running around screaming `` patriarchy '' all day long . 
  it 's a viennese accent though - from an austrian pov that barely counts as an accent . 
  oh ffs , for a second i thought this was a serious comment . 
  it may surprise people , but the vote was as much about avoiding a left-wing ( or specifically `` green '' ) party as it was about avoiding a right-wing party . 
  people just tend to forget the due to the media focus on the right . 
  in party intern elections held by the fp\u00d6 80 % voted for hofer , 20 % for adolf . 
  so it would haven been tough either way . 
  turkey currently does n't let any academics through though . 
  he said that the decision whether we can still take more refugees should be made in accorance with ngos , not that they should get to say who gets to stay and who does n't . 
  depending on where you are in austria you call it `` wei\u00dfe mischung '' ( literally just means `` white wine mix '' ) or spritzer . 
  there 's also some variations like tiroler spritzer ( almdudler + white wine ) or aperol spritzer ( white wine + sparkling water + aperol ) . 
  slightly less so if properly contextualised . 
  the `` road signs '' he is talking about are signs in south-east carinthia , austria 's most souther federal state which shares a border with slovenia . 
  that region has a high population of austrian-slovenians ( in 1920 we had elections whether that region should become part of slovenia or stay with austria ) . 
  carinthia has a law that if a certain % of the population is of x demographic , road signs need to be in ( austrian - ) german as well as the demographic . 
  in this case carinthia had to put some bilingual roadsigns in place due to the large slovenian minority , and his party tried to fight against that . 
  so this would n't have affected any kind of regular traffic signs that ensure the safety of road travel , but just the road signs that tell you what town you 're in . 
   will this mean any change in austrian foreign policy or how they approach the migrant crisis or is it going to be business as usual ? 
  this wo n't mean a change , but it 's also not going to be `` business as usual '' . 
  just before the elections our chancellor stepped down and was replaced . 
  van der bellen is n't going to interfere for now ( chancellors and ministers have already been appointed - so now there 's no more opportunity for the new president to step in ) . 
  however a new chancellor means a new direction and a new attempt of cooperation between sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp . 
  they did say that they will not take back their `` limit '' for taking in refugees . 
  the real time when van der bellen will have an impact on the future of austrian politics is going to be after the next general elections . 
  the president tasks one political party with building a government and chooses the chancellor . 
  and van der bellen is n't going to force reelections . 
  strache would be an awful chancellor anyways . 
  after screaming , shouting , and spreading lies ( or half-truths ) there is nothing left he is good at . 
  i mean the main guy behind that kind of shit died in a car accident way back , so that was rather unlikely . 
  to be fair - germany was the country that `` closed '' its borders to austria before austria ever closed any borders . 
  `` closing '' - in this context just means the implementation of passport controls , which is exactly what austria was planning to implement at the brenner pass , which resulted in austria getting lots of flak from italy and germany . 
  \u00d6vp has little to lose . 
  kurz ( current minister of the exterior ) is generally respected , at least in the right-wing of the population and seems charismatic enough to carry himself through an election . 
  generally sp\u00d6 gets most of the blame for the inaction of the government , making it easier to vote \u00d6vp without reservataions . 
  at worst \u00d6vp would be the junior partner of the fp\u00d6 instead of the sp\u00d6 after elections . 
  there is no religious fundamentalism because that is n't `` respected '' , but norbert did make sure everyone knew that he speaks with his god every day . 
  he also used to be roman catholic but now is a protestant ( presumeably due to his divorce , which is `` less of an issue '' if you 're protestant ) . 
  the whole stoning aspect was only mentioned by the fp\u00d6 politician because the green party member is turkish . 
  turkey is muslim . 
  and according to that specific fp\u00d6 member muslim women get stoned - it 's just the way of her people . 
  it was an idiotic statement , but that 's how a few of the core members of the fp\u00d6 are . 
  with hofer being vice party leader it 's not unlikely that he shares at least some of those rather extreme views . 
  hofer also recently shared his opinion on abortion . 
  according to austrian abortion laws , you can have an abortion in the first 3 months of a pregnancy or up to the 12th if the child has some kind of disability . 
  he is in favour of making it harder to get an abortion . 
  i do n't think this is even anything that has been questioned until he stated that he wants to make it more difficult . 
  even in their party statutes the fp\u00d6 says the place of highest mortality for children is the womb . 
  from my pov bernie sanders would be center left . 
  then comes hillary as center/center-right , and then it 's a toss up between hofer and the zodiac killer , mostly because hofer ca n't voice his actual opinions as publicly in austria as he could in the us so you can never be completely sure where he really stands ( although members of his party openly wanted to see a turkish member of the green party stoned . 
  and not the fun kind of `` stoned '' ) . 
  and then comes trump . 
  he was n't backed by all parties . 
  he was fully backed by one party , and bits and pieces of others . 
  mostly the sp\u00d6 , none of the current \u00d6vp officials ( some former ones though ) . 
  whether the election will take place in 2018 as scheduled is n't set in stone . 
  the coalition might very well decide at some point that it 's time for reelections . 
  austria had 3 parties for a while , one just did n't get included often . 
  this does n't mean that they are n't part of the establishment however . 
  and it was n't a vote of the entire political establishment against the fp\u00d6 - the `` entire political establishment '' was n't even involved . 
  the main factor in this election , whether you believe it or not , was n't the fp\u00d6 , but hofer . 
  as a person he received 50 % of votes , not as a party . 
  thankfully . 
  this result would n't have been possible had they not done that . 
  lots of destructive fantasies going around for sure . 
  it 's slightly below average for presidential elections . 
  last election was an all-time low at 53 % turnout but he received  70 % of the votes ( was his 2nd term , he was opposed by an fp\u00d6 candidate ) . 
  generally about 75 % of people voted in presidential elections in the last 20 years . 
  the thing is though that the fp\u00d6 ca n't rally 50 % of the people behind them . 
  at least not with their current party leader . 
  austrian president has close to 0 influence on anything like that . 
  effectively it 's more of a substitute minister of the exterior . 
  was n't clear though , at that time noone knew the results . 
  dutch and german are both varieties of similar dialects . 
  the reason they both are considered languages is because they have a country to set a norm for said language . 
  dialects/regiolects generally are mutually intelligible to neighbouring varieties , but not everywhere . 
  even within austria 2 ouf ot 9 federal states are generally agreed to not be mutually intelligible with the dialects in the other 7 . 
  it 's a bit similar with dutch . 
  even i can understand some dutch , despite not knowing the language , northern germans would have a much easier time at that though - because their regional dialect is much closer to the variety that is dutch and more specifically dutch dialects that are spoken closer to the boarder than any other kind of german dialect . 
  it 's `` jawohl '' . 
  everything in german is just one word . 
  from my pov it just gets less cultured the more north-west it is . 
  irish : say they are `` english '' . 
  austrian : say they are `` german '' . 
  german : say hitler was `` german '' . 
  pah , i 've been to newcastle . 
  now i know two british cities . 
  nah , there 's too much munich ( and augsburg by extension ) , cologne , formerly leipzig , hannover . 
  i 'd say germany does way better than the uk in that regard . 
  hell , even belgium does better , having brussels , antwerp and ghent . 
  it 's because germans have more culture . 
  kinda interesting how all the german ones end on `` isch '' , except for german . 
  just dump it under a city and watch the population obtain superpowers . 
  or shoot it on the moon . 
  give it a nice glow . 
  you totally forgot the fence towards slovenia .
