  what ? 
  of course they are . 
  and they have magic . 
  that 's why everybody dislikes them , because they have what we never will call our own . 
  if he lived in austria/germany he might actually have had a hard time leaving jail . 
  the term iceberg likely has its origin in the `` mountain '' meaning of berg that some germanic languages have ( dutch , german , swedish ) . 
  it 's also a homophone to the german version of `` iceberg '' - `` eisberg '' . 
  while alexander van der bellen is generally well respected , and on paper easily a decent candidate for the office of the president , this vote is n't about that at all , so yes - people could band together and stand behind him . 
  or people could vote for hofer because they are led to believe that everything that they perceive as wrong with the system will somehow magically disappear/change . 
  most people do n't even know what it is they want to change , they just want change , and because hofer is about 25-30 years younger than van der bellen that already makes him seem much more likely to bring about some kind of change ( literally 25 % of the voters in the pre-elections voted for him based on the fact that he 's younger than the other candidates ) . 
  the interesting part is that both , vdb and hofer come from oppositional parties , but vdb is seen to represent the establishment , which is a huge disadvantage ( despite the fact that vdbs party has never been part of government or had a majority in any federal state , while the fp\u00d6 has and they do n't have anything to show for it ) . 
  hofer does n't have to dissolve the parliament . 
  at least not immediately . 
  he just has to bide his time , should he become president and then , given a decent enough outcome of the parliamentary elections ( ~ 30 % fp\u00d6 should easily do it , and the fp\u00d6 getting to around 25 % is more than a reasonable assumption right now ) strache is guaranteed to be chancellor . 
  even before that , hofer could rule for about 2-4 weeks iirc . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the in sp\u00d6-terms most powerful party , the sp\u00d6-vienna fully backed him at all times - easily noticeable by the fact that vienna has taken in more than their `` fair '' share of refugees . 
  most other parts of the sp\u00d6 did back him for quite a while , it 's more of a recent trend , fueled by the presidential elections , that the dissonance has grown this much . 
  the reason and loss of face stems more from the fact that during the first refugee movements the government pretty much just seemed paralyzed and did nothing . 
  they pretty much just watched , and went to germany to ask merkel what their opinion should be ( * common conception , a bit polemic , not completely untrue though either ) . 
  then they started to dance around and tried to find the right euphemism for the word `` fence '' ( constructional action with side-wings was a coined term `` bauliche ma\u00dfnahme mit seitent\u00fcren '' ) , instead of making clear statements and displaying some reasonable course of action . 
  they would have lost less had they stepped forward and said they will enforce eu law and send people back to the first `` safe '' country they passed while making agreements with those countries to take part of the refugees than with what they actually did . 
  had they from the start fought for clear movements from and within the eu , while doing their best to bear the load of responsibility coming their way the situation would be very different right now . 
  the problem is n't even necessarily the party , it 's the coalition i 'd say . 
  `` if trump is for it , this must be a bad move . '', 
  except for russia . 
  they 'd then have to invest into getting 6 megazords or smth . 
  it 's the same how most english native speakers are n't consciously aware of the fact that a word that orthographly is the same as a verb or noun has different stress . 
  record vs. record for instance . 
  `` could you record that for me . '', 
  - stress is on the o in the second syllable . 
  `` could you hand me that record . '', 
  - stress is on the e in the first syllable . 
  people use it , they just do n't usually know that they do . 
   elimination of `` all forms of discrimination '' is bullshit utopian thinking anyhow . 
  that however does n't mean you should n't work towards it . 
  is n't there also a political divide in spain , with catalonia being more left leaning , while the rest of the country is more right leaning ? 
  also how much autonomy does catalonia have ? 
  it 's the ministry for health and women which are two areas that are simply split differently in germany . 
  i 'd assume this historically stems from social democrat governments that implemented it to combat potential systematic disadvantages women faced . 
  this would for instance likely be the department dealing with things such as maternity leave and the legal protection of women making use of it . 
  the women resort is sort of the department dealing with equality and what not . 
  it is not directly related to health just handled by the same ministry . 
  it used to be part of the ministry of education . 
  it is very subtle, 
  i 'm not exactly an expert , but i actually think that the newer ministries ( ministries tend to have some of their competences reshuffled every other government ) tend to have the bm + first letter of each area of competence style in a similar style . 
  it 's never completely the same , but actually quite similar for the bmfj , bmvit and bmwfw for instance . 
  i would n't mind them having a clear definitive style that all of them adhere to though . 
  it 's actually quite clever since it also incorporates our flag . 
  it 's the ministry for health and women . 
  i can see how it looks misleading though . 
  the main difference is that as a trained austrian you know from the logo whether you owe money to your country or to your ex-wife when you get a letter . 
  as a german you would have to read . 
  that again is heavily exaggerated . 
  sure , you can slightly skew statistics like employment rates by putting people in trainings so they wo n't be marked as `` unemployed '' , but not only is the effect not gigantic , it 's also observable . 
  it 's not like they are actually falsifying the data . 
   but these days we have ( tens of ) thousands believed capable of these actions and known to services . 
  i believe you might be exaggerating a lot here . 
   in a normal world we could track them , annoy them 24/7 ... how does that sound normal to anyone ? 
  the one reich ? 
  to be fair , we have a left president that comes from a party that hovers around 10 % of votes compared to an opposing candidate that comes from a party that gets around 20 and up to 30 % in regular elections . 
  the 53.6 % actually are the third-best result any presidential candidate in austria ever had if we ignore elections where the candidate was reelected . 
  merkel has been around for more than a decade . 
  our chancellor has n't even been around for a year yet . 
  more people have no idea who assad is though , that factors in . 
  and with trump it 's quite easy to have the opinion that literally anyone could do the job better . 
  why careful ? 
  if turkey manages to reform and get a decent government in less time , all the better for everyone . 
  i mean i do like the thought of turkey one day joining the eu , since that would mean that turkey would have developed into a respectable nation . 
  from a current point of view , that likely wo n't happen in this generation though . 
  nah , he 's just a big fan of the naruto dub . 
   the stories we know of are rare , people did n't write their life stories down back then . 
  * could n't, 
  how is that fucked up ? 
  it 's a fact that the current world population and growth are n't sustainable . 
  i 'm not saying that we need to kill off people or anything - that would be fucked up . 
  why is that sad though ? 
  the world would do better with fewer people living in it . 
  in austria at least , higher turnout seems to benefit the sp\u00d6 / social democrats/center left party , which generally is part of government . 
  what defines a company as a startup ? 
  because i really did n't think of tttech as a startup . 
  actually i just read a modest proposal , which / u/aimgorge likely was referring to . 
  the question is at what age this becomes profitable . 
  raise them too long and you wo n't get enough energy to make a profit , too short and they wo n't burn long enough to be worth the energy put into them . 
  lots of hot air from vienna causes strong wind currents . 
  it 's called quality over quantity . 
  three years in prison is just the maximum . 
  i 'd assume it 's what you 'd get if you posted child pornography or something else that is really outrageous . 
  i am not well versed enough in french law and its execution to make a definitive statement on this though . 
  i mean there is the option of putting things in between two slices of brown bread , but that 's mostly done by parents for their kids school lunches . 
  it 's essentially a sandwich . 
  that 's cool , we are going to need some in austria soon . 
  that 's different from a wiener schnitzel mit tunke though . 
  the maximum would be 72 though . 
  not really eternal if it 's just been 10 years . 
  we have the opposite , sp\u00d6 has their chancellor , and the \u00d6vp ( ~ cdu pendant ) has the foreign minister . 
  also the sp\u00d6 was n't part of government just 10 years ago . 
  is that the general habit in germany or in most european countries ? 
  in austria the current vice-chancellor is the minister of wwf ( wirtschaft/economy , wissenschaft/science and forschung/research ) . 
  he has a decent chance of getting a second term .
