wtf ? 
  we do n't have a dorothy , or wicked witches , except the wicked witch of lower austria maybe , also known as the now former minister of bitching and the interior . 
  having inherent biological differences and having a specific role in society are entirely separate things . 
  for the most part , despite their many inherent differences , men and women still are n't worse than the other sex at most things . 
  but that 's precisely why a mother/father as a rolemodel are important - to show that you can be manly while still be caring and having a `` soft '' side . 
  the same goes for the mother - to show that you can be feminine and strong . 
   without context you have to agree to the statement alone . 
  no , you do n't , because without context you 'd assume the same base for evaluation , not an inherently different one . 
  you are making the claim that children that are adopted are more likely to be criminal . 
  that has nothing to do with the sexual orientation of the parents . 
  the link that implies that homosexual parents are worse - which is what is implied by the afd just is n't there . 
  yes of course , single parents are n't an optimal point of comparison , but it just goes downhill from here ( in terms of being comparable/having things in common ) . 
  having more than one parent , and having an `` intact '' family generally is better than having only one parent , just how living in a family makes a lot of things easier compared to living alone . 
   man and woman are n't that different if we take the biological aspects of it ( and most of the parents do n't talk sex or poverty with their kids anyway ) . 
  men and women are different inherently in a lot of ways . 
  if they were n't , studies that show that groups of mixed genders work more productively would n't be able to show that . 
  of course you are not wrong in implying that it 's better to make sure someone is raised well than to make sure someone is raised by a man and a woman , but you also should dismiss the impact a `` real '' role model can have ( compared to a person you only see on screen or w/e ) . 
  sure , children of gay parents might get picked on for having gay parents , specifically when people point out that they have no mother/father this might cause issue - if - there is a lack of an adult person of the respective gender in that kids life . 
  but it 's not really that different from being picked on for being adopted i would imagine . 
  i somewhat doubt that would lead anyone to being a criminal though , especially if the relationship between parents and child is okay . 
  and there really is n't any evidence to support the headline . 
  this pretty much stems from what we know of single parents raising children , since homosexual couples have n't been able to have kids for long enough to have a significant amount of data for the longterm effects of growing up with two parents of the same gender . 
  single parents share one important quality with homosexual couples - and that is the lack of an immediate attachment figure of the opposite sex . 
  someone to serve as a kind of role model for what a `` man '' / `` woman '' should be . 
  we are pushing towards having more woman publicly represented in stem fields and what not to give girls role models outside of the stereotypical female jobs . 
  it 's a somewhat similar idea here , just in a much more intimate and ( arguably ) meaningful way . 
  boys without a `` father '' tend to lose sight of their place in the world , succumb to identity crises more often , and are likely to be violent or suicidal . 
  not sure how it is for girls however - most single parents are mothers , and most kindergarten teachers and school teachers ( at least in early grades ) are female , so this might lessen the `` impact '' of not having a mother - so i do n't really have anything to say for girls , but it 's unlikely that they are better off without an adult female ( or male ) in their lives . 
  sure , but children of gay parents do n't have a worse relationship with their parents than those of heterosexual parents on average ( * ) - which is what would impact their ability to form relationships the most and i would n't overestimate the effects of not having a female/male person that is as readily available as a parent , ( especially in a male-male constellation most kids are confronted with female kindergarten teachers , mostly female teachers at school as well ) . 
  from that standpoint i doubt that discriminating against gay parents makes any sense . 
  * just an assumption , but i am not aware of anything that would indicate otherwise, 
  it 's important to have both , male and female attachment figures , but that does n't have to be the parents . 
  grandparents , close friends of the parents , aunts and uncles all can fill that role . 
  so while it may be easier for a heterosexual family to fit this criteria , it 's by far not a `` huge '' obstacle to overcome . 
  it 's not about burying your head in the sand . 
  if you look at the numbers : in a male-male relationship you have 21.5 % reported cases in a male-female you get 20.4 % reported by the female , or , looking from the other direction : going by reports , 21.5 % or 20.4 % of males hit their partner in homo/heterosexual relationships . 
  or at least that is what is reported . 
  that 's rather close . 
  in a female-female relationship this number is about 75 % higher . 
  in a female-male relationship , the male reporting cases of abuse is way lower . 
  which is interesting because the `` dark figure '' for males getting physically abused by women is estimated to be rather high . 
  i would n't give too much credence to these statistics just for that , especially because the reports for males abusing their sos are pretty much on par . 
  austria is boring . 
  it 's mostly about `` why ( not ) in nato/eu '' . 
  then odds are that those are n't actual refugees , but rather people abusing the whole chaos created by refugees to try and make a better life by crossing borders illegally . 
  those pretty much are the worst kinds of people . 
  not only do they make it more difficult for those people actually seeking refuge , but they are doing it just for their own personal gain and they make a laughingstock of those countries that are and were willing to take refugees in the first place . 
  but russians seem to have forgiven austria for not helping them taking crimea in the 1850s . 
  unexpected ? 
  literally nothing that happened was close to that . 
  it was okay to finally see the things that happened happen , but i ca n't say that anything surprised me . 
  makes sense, 
  kinda similar thing happened in vienna . 
  our chancellor was booed on the annual `` mai-auftakt '' and now he is actually going to step down as chancellor . 
  doubt it will achieve what people hope it would , at this point it might as well not have mattered whether he stayed chancellor for another 2 years , but whatever . 
  pretty sure it 's very easy to pinpoint for me , i kinda have a decent amount of experience with the afd in general . 
  happens on a daily basis now . 
  better get used to it . 
  this was actually reported on in austrian news , but i never knew it was a turkish exchange student . 
  unless of course it 's a completely separate incident , but from the date it would fit . 
  it has nothing to do with tradition , everything to do with you not understanding what the cover is about , because you are not as inimately familiar with the context as other people are . 
  no , we speak austrian-german . 
  we have our own orthography and grammar . 
  they have said , time and again that that 's pretty much how they define family , how they want the country to look like . 
  anything deviating from this norm ( the blonde part is a little exaggeration for the sake of satire ) would not even be considered a family , and as a consequence stripped of some of their rights . 
  single parents , same-sex parents , and further down the line also anyone wanting an abortion . 
  which is pretty much what the cover is trying to convey , apart from the whole `` german family '' thing . 
  but vienna is n't germany . 
  you should watch less captain america . 
  to be perfectly honest , when i saw your reply your comment was at -25 and i really did n't get it , considering extremism of any kind is bad . 
  i was making a joke . 
  you ca n't have double consonants after a double vowel . 
  how would that even work ? 
  am i in hell ? 
  i feel like we need a `` how europe views europe '' version . 
  no you ca n't . 
  what you 're doing is exactly the issue - you 're dividing people . 
  someone needs to step forward and say `` we 're all stupid '' , as a collective , be they left , right or center . 
  or trans-direction . 
  pretty much already happened . 
  remember `` the interview '' ? 
  austria is starting to do quite well with regards to that though . 
  and we made it into the eu . 
  of course there are , it would be unreasonable to assume otherwise . 
  i was just a bit schocked by how utterly unintelligent some people that actually get to decide something in a country were . 
  not necessarily least bad , but rather the only one that could be agreed upon . 
  sure , that 's the moderate description , but from the same fraternity things like `` austria is just a mental construct , and it 's really part of germany '' are n't unheard of . 
  i do n't get all the downvotes - he may not have sent many secret nazi messages recently , but it 's not like those have n't been found on him in the past . 
  `` vast majority '' is something i would like to see a source of . 
  sure - it 's reasonable to assume that there will always be some people after an easier life , but `` a vast majority '' seems rather unreasonable , especially if you consider how long it takes until you can even get social security and what not . 
  but they are n't though from my understanding . 
  is n't the green party one of those most in favour of increasing minimum wages , taxing rich people , increasing funding in education and also increase `` pflegegeld '' ( money for people that have various illnesses and require additional care due to that ) , while the fp\u00d6 tends to vote against these things ? 
  the 1/3rd nazi guy was obviously being cynical , and also he is wrong , since it 's not the green party saying that `` dumb people vote right-wing '' , it 's people on facebook , and we all know that people on facebook are an authority on everything . 
  true . 
  because competent people shy away from politics it would seem . 
  after the next election , sure . 
  rightfully so . 
  to be fair though , having watched some videos from and about american politics some of conservatives do seem criminally idiotic . 
  obviously not all of them are , or they would n't be situated as they are , but still , sometimes i have to wonder if americans ca n't find better people to represent themselves . 
  i do n't see much disdain for those people though , i only see disdain for their specific choice to vote for a person , and even then , that disdain is mostly expressed on facebook , which is n't a good ground for any discussion , since either you 're a left-wing fascist or a right-wing nazi ( which is idiotic ) .
