  we only redid the election because the first election was repealed because due to some voting districts not following proper procedure potentially making manipulation of votes possible . 
  there was no indication of manipulation , and the affected districts votes would have to have had an unrealistic ( nigh-impossible ) contrast to the general votes to even affect the outcome . 
  this is not the standard . 
  the first vote just did n't count . 
  it 's not necessarily the immigration issue though . 
  not even kidding , during last election there were people voicing concern whether there were pens that would erase their writing if it was done in the wrong box . 
  and of course some of the crazier people believed that . 
  do n't expect logic from the fp\u00d6 . 
  well to be fair , trump was a more scandalous candidate and that generates views , which makes them money . 
  are your coalition parties capable of working together ? 
  because here in austria they are essentially like a disfunctional marriage and one of the two ( \u00d6vp ) has been eyeing the fp\u00d6 as their new boytoy for the past year or so . 
  ( they also had 7 years of coalition from 2000-2007 . ), 
  the freemasons thing is actually true though , in the sense that he actually was a member . 
  of course the freemasons are n't what dan brown would have people believe , but i suppose it could have been an attempt at calling him an illuminati ? 
  was n't this time around . 
  the difference actually expanded to be 10x as much as before , so i guess it worked out ? 
  true enough , but last time the difference was only 30k votes . 
  the fact that ~ 30-40k died and 40k were new voters certainly could have skewed things , especially because younger people tend to vote more left-leaning . 
  how does the uk even manage to not just go up in flames and burn ? 
  pretty sure that turning into a sweden is not a bad thing though ? 
  and the gates of vienna have always been open . 
  and it 's still topping studies for most liveable city . 
  it 's not at all unfortunate . 
  nobody fell for any `` neo nazi '' propagande , considering that factually , the party leader of the fp\u00d6 essentially can be legally called a nazi ( he lost a court case with regards to that ) . 
  but it 's not even just that . 
  during the campaign hofer has tried to bring out the worst in people , to incite anger and throw around empty word shells to get people riled up , just to get elected , ignoring what issues his words might cause . 
  i am not saying that proper migration laws and integration are n't important . 
  however the fp\u00d6 is the last party you can expect to solve any issues with regards to that . 
  if anything you should expect them to escalate things . 
  let 's also not forget that the fp\u00d6 has , on multiple occasions , called for a return to the schilling in favour of the euro , and has always at the very least shown that it has no interest in being in the eu . 
  they have very good relations to le pen who called for having it destroyed . 
  the fp\u00d6 also has shown itself to be vastly homophobic , and only recently hofer himself was the publisher of a book that among other things , called the political islam great and said he wished people here behaved in similar ways . 
  which of course makes some sense - political islam is rightwing , so is the fp\u00d6 . 
  it 's still awful ( note that hofer was only the publisher , not the author , however he did write the foreword along with hc strache ) . 
  so no , it 's hardly `` unfortunate '' . 
  we originally were supposed to have this specific vote in early october , however , due to unfortunate circumstances , lots of the official envelopes for the postal ballots had some glue defects , which caused it to dissolve . 
  due to that , it could not be guaranteed that anyone with a postal ballot could have a valid vote , since any envelopes that opened before they could be counted would have to be discarded , so we postponed the election . 
  but they know nobody else does . 
  and austria in case the government decides they want a divorce , which sadly is n't unrealistic . 
  he was making the point that if you can say that hofer is a neo-nazi without any prove you might as well claim that merkel is a communist , since there is the same basis for both claims . 
  to be honest , i do n't think many people care about trump . 
  brexit was imho the bigger factor . 
  there were also more eligible voters iirc , since a law was passed to allow anyone to vote that had turned 16 between the repealed election and this one . 
  and those were more than the amount of people that died in between . 
  * faymann stepped down after the first round where we still had 6 candidates . 
  with regards to our government nothing changed between the last vote and this one . 
  he does n't want to make allegations like that , he was trying to prove a point . 
  if we had a source that he was a neo-nazi he 'd be behind bars . 
  so one can only judge for themselves what they think . 
  it 's just that it 's mostly known in combination with right-wing parties , because people often ignore countries like greece . 
  i know . 
  they did say that last time though . 
   with fossil fuels and especially coal , something goes awry every second of every minute of every hour of every day . 
  it 's 24/7 co2 pollution , not to mention all the aerosols and particulates that get released at different steps in the fossil fuel supply and consumption chain . 
  especially coal costs thousands of lives too . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't , but getting people to understand that is near impossible . 
  it 's kinda sad . 
  i mean i 'm not even necessarily pro nuclear , but more often than not it tends to be the reasonable choice . 
  which is why populists like to appeal to it so much . 
  makes people feel included and smart . 
  my point exactly . 
  no , actually it was the left one . 
  scnr, 
  also the oldest flag that is supposedly the result of some king or prince or dude getting blood all over him , except for the part where his belt was , and when he removed it , the flag was born . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  because i thought that he was going to handle it just like fischer before him . 
  he is though ? 
  it 's not that people voted for the green party , but he is still a member of said party . 
  that is true , however people actually voted for one or the other candidate specifically with the fear/hope that the borders would stay open/closed as a direct consequence , that the system would be destroyed ( whatever that means ) and because they wanted change . 
  which is pretty much outside of the control of the president . 
  what a president can do however is to hand out the `` regierungsbildungsauftrag '' , which essentially is the ability for a person/party to form a government . 
  also every minister needs to be acknowledged by the president . 
  so of course , hofer winning would have changed the mood and could have given the real idiots in the country the feeling that they could get away with racist actions like those that happened in the uk , since strache becoming chancellor could have become a whole lot more likely . 
  and a sowjet spy and fascist dictator . 
  although hofer only called him those two and a communist , it was one of their party members that called him a nazi . 
   so 50 % of austrians are nazis ? 
  i infer from your very absolute statements that you 're from austria and actually know the political situation here ? 
  you do realize that he never said that , right ? 
  might have something to do with the native language ? 
  you do realize though that the fp\u00d6 is as much establishment as the sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp . 
  they are part of 3/9 federal governments and were part of austrian government from 2000 to 2007 . 
  alexander van der bellen on the other hand is part of a party that is now 30 years old , has never been part of government and only barely been part of some federal ones as a junior partner in the last couple of years . 
  this is funny because it 's the right-wing populists that enjoy appealing to common sense so much . 
  yes . 
  the difference is that the green party did n't put up a candidate like the sp\u00d6 , \u00d6vp or fp\u00d6 did . 
  instead van der bellen decided to run for office himself . 
  thus he is considered independent . 
  he is still a member of the green party and their former party leader and was primarily supported by them , despite the fact that they generally only poll between 10-15 % , which means they have way less money to support a presidential candidate , which they also have never done before . 
  which is idiotic , since neither of those candidates can do anything about immigration , since our president is mostly just for show . 
  rather unlikely . 
  first time it was repealed was only due to formal errors that should have been elminated this time around . 
  also the difference in votes is larger this time around , which means that more errors would need to be uncovered . 
  so we should just hold all elections in december ? 
  are you kidding , you never go full 2016 . 
  is n't munich a german enclave in bavaria though ? 
  hofer conded last time as well . 
  we still had to redo the whole election . 
  lots of electoral offices close at around 12:00 -13:00 in smaller communities . 
  exactly . 
  almost impossible .
