  we like to be thorough so we do things twice now . 
  look at the image . 
  it clearly says `` hochrechnung inklusive wahlkarten-prognose '' . 
  in theory it 's still open , this is just the first projection at about 60 % of votes counted , without postal ballots . 
  however it is very unlikely that anything is still going to change . 
  last time around the first projection showed hofer ahead and vdb still came out the winner in the end . 
  no , this result includes a projection of postal votes . 
  in real numbers he 's about 100.000 votes ahead at the urns . 
  1.9 million votes for hofer vs 2.0 million for vdb . 
  while certainly an option , definitely not a popular one . 
  in austria you ca n't bring up nuclear power plants without commiting political suicide , i do n't think it 's as severe in germany , but i doubt they are much more popular . 
  nuclear power plants are only fine until something goes awry , and people tend to remember those times they did go awry much more than the times nothing happened . 
  it was originally a reply to someone who deleted their comment ( or it was deleted by a mod , i do n't know ) . 
  apart from actually seeing his full transaction history we were never going to get any decisive evidence . 
  all we have is insinuations , as always . 
  i do n't get why people feel the need to gloat and push an agenda on such news ? 
  and it is n't like this actually helps your point , instead it undermines it . 
  because no , not all muslims/foreigners of any kind are like that . 
  but yes , there is , especially with some countries , a disproportionate amount of people that turn criminal . 
  the discussion should focus around how to deal with that issue , instead of trying to say that everyone is guilty by associating with the same religion . 
  there was n't a shitshow . 
  literally people were just unhappy with the government , but ca n't even manage to put a finger to what the issue is . 
  we certainly have n't had great or competent politicians for a while , although ever since our last chancellor stepped down , things seem to have turned for the better . 
  the sad part is that both of those are eclipsed by their newest prominent party member , if only due to her low intellect and extreme narcissism . 
  bezirks wiens und ehemalige orf moderatorin : [ ursula stenzel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dze0kdekrq ) . 
  there 's an interview with a russian millionaire who openly supports the fp\u00d6 . 
  admittedly , he never said he is giving them money , but that is kinda heavily implied when an oligarch says he 's supporting someone . 
  profil had an interview with him . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.profil.at/ausland/russischer-oligarch-fpoe-malofejew-6384756 ), 
  this looks like a chance for austria to rename itself to gerfew to eventually also be able to ask `` can gerfew into nordics '' ? 
  i mean it 'd be hella weird , but we got ta at least try , right ? 
  hofer , since his party regularly is shown to be financed by russia . 
  although hofer recently has claimed that the other candidate , alexander van der bellen , was a spy for east germany , and since he voted once for the communist party of austria when he was 20 ( 50ish years ago ) he 's obviously also a communist . 
  he has also been called a fascist dictator by hofer , and has been accused of being a nazi by one of hofer 's newest party members . 
  he specifically called for austria to join the visegrad group even . 
  it 's literally too close to call at the moment . 
  do n't forget that brexit happened in between , which gave some rise to pro-eu sentiments . 
  hofer , directly after brexit , suggested we also have a referendum ( claiming of course , he never said he wanted to vote for leave ) . 
  that 's the truth though . 
  lots of voters received faulty absentee ballots and complained at the ministry of the interior . 
  why would noone believe that ? 
  it 's factually correct the glue essentially could dissolve over the course of being sent to be counted . 
  at the time of counting it would have been possible to guarantee that the vote received was still the one sent off , and as such would have had to been discarded . 
  but it 's not cencorship . 
  they are preventing people from being misleading , not preventing them from voicing their opinion , as long as they present it as such . 
  that 's literally the worst lie i have ever heard . 
  that group specifically is no better than those people you 're talking about with regards to that topic . 
  they align themselves with people that are against battered women 's shelter 's and are openly against anything lgbt - which certainly is part of any equality movement . 
  you can downvote me all you want , that is n't going to change that . 
  as / u/low _ discrepancy pointed out , this is just an excuse he uses to mask his true intentions . 
  if he is not against it , there must be some issue with it we have n't found yet . 
  but they are n't standing up for our culture . 
  they are standing up against another . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  and they are definitely far-right . 
  other times they were talked about was when they entered theater productions were refugees were allowed to perform and take part in our culture . 
  the identitarians spilled fake blood over the actors . 
  those were people actively trying to partake in our culture , and they still had issues with them . 
  what 's even worse is the fact that they were performing `` schutzbefohlene '' , a critical piece about refugee politics . 
  there even were reports of physical harm . 
  the identitarians are also the people that started building a fence on the border to hungary on territory they did n't own . 
  they also spreads leaflets that said something along the lines of `` multiculturalism kills '' , which is ridiculous , especially in austria when you consider that multiculturalism is literally what our country has been about for hundreds of years . 
  was n't there a guy that was serendipitously cured because of a bone marrow transplant from a person that was immune to that specific strain of hiv or am i misremembering things ? 
  i was specifically talking about countries with more refugees/capita than germany . 
  i do n't know what country you are talking about , but neither austria nor sweden suffer from any of that outside maybe increased welfare spending , although it 's still relatively low compared to the state household . 
  not so sure about hungary , but i certainly have n't heard anything contrary to that . 
  but all eu is germany , at least according to some right-wing people . 
  except that it 's not considering that specifically the countries with more refugees per capita are actually doing pretty well ? 
  there 's other eu countries with a higher refugee per capita number than germany . 
  but nobody is planning on changing anything , especially not based on religion . 
  you get 5/6 of your regular salary as a bonus . 
   so what 's the rationale for just splitting things up into 12 salaries ? 
  is it that an employer could legally not pay the 13th and 14th if it hits hard times without violating employment contracts ? 
  no , they have to be paid . 
  historically i believe the most likely reason is to give people additional money during times of higher expenditure , so people would n't have to take loans to pay their bills . 
  whether that 's true or not i could n't say though , wikipedia only has the current state of affairs and neither wk\u00d6 nor ak seem to have anything on the history of it . 
  it 's not always tax free , however it is taxed less than your regular salary . 
  since this is n't standard i 'll try to explain it a bit : in general most workers in austria do n't get 12 salaries but 14 instead . 
  this is part of collective contracts for most fields , usually the only people that do n't get it are people that work in fields where there are no collective contracts . 
  colloquially , the 14th salary is called `` vacation bonus '' as it is most commonly paid around june while the 13th is called `` christmas bonus '' as it is most commonly paid during december . 
  however , these bonuses have nothing to do with christianity . 
  they will . 
  none of this is anything official . 
  the `` christmas bonus '' is n't even legally called `` christmas bonus '' and part of most austrian `` collective contracts '' that determine things such as minimum wage . 
  the title is very misleading . 
  it was about the 14th salary . 
  some fp\u00d6 people posted something on facebook saying something like `` if muslims are so much against our christian traditions , why do they take their weihnachtsgeld ' '' ? 
  not only implying that muslims should get paid less than others , but also implying that the 14th salary is somehow a christian tradition when it is one of the accomplishments of social democrats and worker unions . 
  essentially lots of shitspewing for the purpose of getting people angry with no potential risk to the party . 
  this only applies to lindwurms though , other dragon types might have had different reasons . 
  pretty sure there were dragons in carinthia called lindwurms . 
  they only fed on virgins though , so they soon went extinct . 
  certainly is the most renowned one world-wide afaik . 
  wtf ? 
  pretty sure that verhofstadt said that trump worries him , not necessarily that ue is an autocrat . 
  somewhat understandable though that neutral countries would lean on the side of against . 
  somewhat surprising from germany though . 
  might be because of the specifics of what was voted on ? 
  are there any reports/discussions about the topic ? 
  in austria germans often get confused when they do n't find the german flag indicating instructions in german .
