  do you think the war on drugs is progressive ? 
  the mass incarceration of citizens for drug possession ? 
  it does n't seem like q very progressive stance if you 'd ask me . 
  then give me a source stating england has a higher population density than the nl excluding water . 
  because i ca n't find it . 
  nope it does n't . 
  even if you go from england ( which makes no sense because the country is the uk , if you 're going to cherry-pick regions you can do that , too in the nl or in germany where some regions will be much more densely populated than england ) to the netherlands you will literally see that the nl is more densely populated . 
  you can hardly drive for 30 minutes without hitting the next city . 
  moreover , england has barely any inland water whereas the nl does ( ijsselmeer for example or the region of zeeland has a lot of water too ) . 
  if you substract the water from the total surface of the country , the population densety per km ^ 2 will rise even more . 
  oh i have no idea but i 've lived in germany , france and the netherlands and the houses here are definitely smallest . 
  even smaller than the house i lived in in freaking paris haha . 
  most houses do n't really have gardens either . 
  hard to explain , for a typical dutch house in the `` suburbs '' google `` rijtjeshuis '' and that 'll give you an impression . 
  quite different from the leafy detached houses you 'll find in other european countries . 
  but then again , there really is n't much space left in the nl . 
  the big difference in my experience is the size of the houses . 
  dutch houses are extremely small , it might be possible to still find something relatively affordable in the nl but it will be very small compared to most other countries . 
  the upside is that the quality of the houses are usually much better ( stronger building materials , more modern interior - looking at you belgium ) . 
  i think the reason is that the country is so small and well connected that people do n't necessarily have to live in the big cities . 
  you can live in the next city and take a train and be in amsterdam in 20 min for example . 
  am i messed up that the first thing i thought was he could be luring them close to the building and then start shooting ? 
  gosh this year has messed me up . 
  oh wow that 's extortionate . 
  i guess salaries do make up for it in some way , though ? 
  in london you 'd probably pay the same for a one bed in a livable area . 
  how insane ? 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  just hard to believe rents are even worse than london ( according to the graph ) . 
  surprising , i did n't find nyc that expensive as a tourist . 
  eating out , clothes , public transportation and museums were all much cheaper than in amsterdam . 
  i 'm sure rent is exorbitant but as a tourist it seems nyc is a better bargain than most big western european cities . 
  ah okay , i was already wondering why you were providing me with a source supporting my argument anyway , i hope you see now that the us is merely following their immigration policy ( with the same criteria they 've had for years or even decades ) so it 's quite strange the eu is starting to threaten them . 
  the countries are apparently not up to us standards since their visa refusal rate is too high . 
  that 's the whole point - they are all above the 3 % rule the u.s. uses so it makes sense that they do not get acces to the vwp . 
  as your example shows , these countries have not met the requirements , as their non-immigrant visa refusal rate is too high - which has to do with tourists overstaying their visas or in some cases not even returning home . 
  the countries are apparently not up to us standards since their visa refusal rate is too high . 
  that 's the whole point - they are all above the 3 % rule the u.s. uses so it makes sense that they do not get acces to the vwp . 
  as your example shows , these countries have not met the requirements , as their non-immigrant visa refusal rate is too high - which has to do with tourists overstaying their visas or in some cases not even returning home . 
  then i do n't understand why you needed to mention you were arguing `` pro-eu '' . 
  that clearly suggests there are people arguing anti-eu and in this case i do n't think it has anything to do with that . 
  the us has promised to lift restrictions if countries fulfill the criteria set forth by us homeland security . 
  they never blindly agreed to lift restrictions for everyone . 
  so again , i think it 's the eu that 's being childish right now and 100 % the commission will not do anything with this vote since they know that if you look at the facts the us is n't doing anything wrong . 
  it has nothing to do with pro eu or pro us . 
  i 'm not arguing `` anti eu '' , i just think the us is completely justified . 
  what exactly did the eu promise ? 
  it seems they only promised to bring this point into the agenda . 
  it would be not only dumb but also quite unfair to reciprocate with implementing visas for us citizens . 
  instead the countries that are concerned should focus on bringing down the numbers of their citizens overstaying their visas abroad . 
  to be fair , the us has very specific rules on who they let in on the visa waiver . 
  if a country has a lot of over stayers , you ca n't really blame the us for not giving them a waiver . 
  since the eu is not a county and people still hold a national passport , i think they 're justified in doing this . 
  on what ground does the eu want to retaliate ? 
  citing wikipedia as your sources ? 
  lol these white supremacist trolls are getting lazier and lazier, 
  whuuuut ? 
  do n't answer these people . 
  they 're just trying to divide people even further . 
  i would n't be surprised if he 's some american alt right nazi who does n't know anything about switzerland in the first place . 
  no he did n't . 
  he was referring to dutch citizens with moroccan heritage regardless of whether they hold citizenship dual citizenship . 
  in fact , you can not even strip someone from their moroccan citizenship because according to moroccan law you ca n't renounce it , so that discussion would be useless . 
  `` ethnic cleansing through immigration '' hahaha omg please take your ass back to stormfront or so , leave reddit unspoilt, 
  lol to any dutch person that is painstakingly obvious . 
  you have not followed the past couple years of debates in the netherlands but there is not even 1 % of doubt to dutch people that wilders was talking about dutch-moroccans and not some tiny amount of moroccan-morrocans . 
  of course there are outliers , it 's never a 100 % analogy . 
  but on the whole it 's interesting to see that perhaps with economic development come more relaxed attitudes towards lgbt rights . 
  interestingly it 's like a rich-poor divide . 
  as if people get more tolerant when their disposable income grows . . 
  yes , maybe there 's some butt hurt fin that got defeated by some dutchies and now he 's taking revenge . 
  i guess it you put it like that the two countries are relatively similar . 
  i always pictured finland as a vast country with huge swaths of nature and big houses and few people . 
  which could n't be further away from the dutch situation maybe also the fact that your language is so different and you share a huge border with russia just made it feel really far away for some reason lol . 
  but society wise i guess it 's quite similar . 
  maybe i 'll look into visiting the country sometime , i heard you have igloos in the north with glass roofs that let you look at the stars and there 's sleigh running dogs !!, 
  lol why the hell does finland keep one-upping us ??? 
  it 's not even like the countries are that similar , i 'd expect it from belgium or germany , not from finland . 
  oops , thanks for the correction . 
  in dutch that 's how it 's spelled , too , but in english it just sounds exactly like `` say '' so my brain just automatically filled in the word it seems . 
  okay . 
  also , i think you mean `` fewer '' morrocans . 
  less morrocans makes no sense . 
  hahaha . 
  i was n't saying the other person was racist himself , i was just pointing out he was denying the racism behind the change in pictures , which in my opinion is very obvious . 
  there are too many people that deny racism even exists and by denying a problem , you 're not going to solve it . 
  i 'd rather he just came out as a racist and there could be a normal discussion instead of just denying something even exists . 
  lol, 
  in your first comment you said `` what 's misleading about it ' '' . 
  even if there is no context provided , it is obvious why the picture is misleading . 
  you do n't see the problem with suggesting the paper only deleted the existence of that black man because otherwise it `` would n't fit '' ? 
  it 's denial of racism . 
  i am not saying you are a racist per say , i am saying you were denying the racism that sun puts in their papers . 
  okay , so then why do you think they cut out the black person ? 
  do not give me the reason that he did not fit into the picture , as that is clearly not the case - they are very aware of what they put on their front page and if they wanted to keep the picture intact , they would have . 
  even your interpretation means that the sun had racist intentions . 
  the situation was the following : there were two black people helping the frontex ( ? ), 
  officers get back to their ship after cooperating . 
  however , the sun likes to distort the picture to make it look like 1 ) your interpration : they are saving some poor immigrant trying to get into europe -  this pushes the narrative of millions of immigrants coming into europe even though in this picture that is not what happened or 2 ) the white people are not being helped by that black guy , as happens in the first picture , no they are in charge and deport that other black guy . 
  however you try to to twist it , it is a racist image of a newspaper trying to steer the mood in europe .
