  i have some colleagues that are polish and they 're all great guys . 
  i have a friend from bulgaria , too . 
  but as a whole , i 'm not a fan of eastern europe . 
  why do people go on about how wealthy flanders is supposed to be ? 
  to be honest , flanders does not look that wealthy at all . 
  does your government just decide to not put any money into infrastructure ? 
  ( train stations and roads alike ) . 
  or all those really ugly houses ( maybe dutch houses are small , but they 're usually of a much better quality ) . 
  i 'm not saying flanders is poor obviously but it certainly is n't richer than ( most of ) the netherlands . 
  household income is higher in belgium because here in the netherlands much more people work part-time . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm not watching any british media , i occasionally watch bbc and i 've enjoyed the sherlock holmes series as much as the next brit , but to say that ` most people on here watch bbc documentaries all day and watch english comedy and football matches afterwards ' is a very big exaggeration . 
  if that 's what some brits need to feel important within the eu , sure , tell yourself that lie , it 's just not really accurate for most ` continentals ' . 
  i honestly do n't understand why people think the eu needs britain more than the other way around . 
  how is a tiny country such as the uk supposed to fend for its interests vis-a-vis the united states , china and even russia ? 
  in my opinion , the u.k. 
  needs the eu much more to stay relevant . 
  maybe economically the uk would be better off without , but seriously , the u.k. 
  does n't put in that much financially anyway compared to the nl and germany . 
  main income provider . . are you for real ? 
  as if the majority of dutch people is dependent on shell . 
  if anything , the netherlands will continue to fare very well - fairly untouched since international and well connected eu countries will probably gain new companies fleeing the uk . 
  wow that 's extremely exaggerated . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like english culture in general but it does n't have such a big influence in my life as you just described . 
  the only problem with that comparison is that you take out the low desnity parts in england but you do n't in the netherlands . 
  if you just focus on the west of the nl ( randstad - the area with amsterdam , rotterdam , the hague and utrecht ) the population density will be over around 2000 . 
  and even in that area , the housing prices are cheaper than in most of england ( and i 'm not talking about london here , of course it 's cheaper than london ) . 
  even though that area should be as expensive or even more expensive when you look at demand and space that 's left . 
  i do n't think the scale of house building would be impossible . 
  look at chinese cities that house millions of people , that have been built within a decade . 
  it would be possible , it 's just our governments are n't efficiently working on it . 
  ( why so few high rise ? 
  why protect huge green areas right next to the city that are n't very spectacular ? ), 
  yes , i agree . 
  a propos africa or jamaica for that matter , i think it 's so cringe worthy when homophobes give the explanation ` it 's just not in our culture , it 's an import from the west ' . 
  do you not see the irony in that ? 
  homophobia is a freaking import . 
  nobody in africa used to give a rat 's ass about who fucked who until the colonizers came with their religions and values . 
  even if there were a european constitution , the public opinion towards lgbtq in the east would still be abysmal . 
  i mean , the us has a constitution that prohibits discrimination , but look at the way republicans can still make life harder for lgbtq ( overturning progress , prop 8 in california , allowing businesses to choose not to serve someone based on their sexuality etc. 
  yes , that would make sense . 
  on the other hand , i do n't see why house prices in london are that exorbitant . 
  why is there such a housing shortage ? 
  to me it seems there is so much space left to build ( high rise buildings , the holy green belt ) . 
  compared to cities where there really is n't any space left ( nyc for example ) it seems like london is in such a gigantic housing bubble even though it should n't be . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not british and i do n't really know enough about the housing situation in your country so i could be wrong - it 's just my outsider 's observation . 
  fair enough . 
  however , i still do n't see how it 's a demand problem ( as people keep saying , blaming it on immigration to the uk ) . 
  to me it seems that either the uk is n't building enough homes - which would have political reasons i suppose or the average of england is skewed a lot by london . 
  yes exactly . 
  honestly , being from the netherlands i 'm shocked to see the homophobia and xenophobia of the general public . 
  i would not feel comfortable sharing a federalized country with those societies at all . 
  i 'd like a federalized western europe . 
  border being germany , austria and italy . 
  the east is too conservative and economically behind in my opinion . 
  i honestly do n't see how ` growing demand ' can be blamed for the uks housing crisis . 
  in the netherlands most people buy their homes as well and the country is much more densely populated than the uk but still the prices are lower . 
  why is that ? 
  and deflation is good in what way ? 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  i do n't see how any black/muslim/hispanic or self-appreciating woman in their right mind would vote for trump . 
  that leaves white men . 
  which is quite obviously is n't the majority . 
  foreign language is any language that 's not your mother tongue . 
  so if someone in switzerland was brought up with german , the other three languages are , in fact , foreign languages . 
  how did ireland get so rich ? 
  why did they get lumped with portugal , italy , greece and spain during the crisis ? 
  ( the piigs ) . 
  the netherlands has been ahead of sweden and denmark for quite some time now when it comes to gdp in terms of ppp !, 
  sweden and denmark both have a higher gdp per capita i believe , but when you correct it for the much higher cost of living in both countries ( so gdp in ppp ) you 'll see that the nl has been doing better for quite some time already . 
  i think a lot of products from outside of the eu enter the port of rotterdam , where they will be collected and sorted and what not , to be sent on their way to nrw/rest of germany on the rhine . 
  well it 's gradual , 19 will be 5 something , 20 will be 6,50 etc and then when you turn 23 you get the normal minimum wage which is around 10 $ an hour or more . 
  i earn around 13 $ an hour and on saturdays and sunday 's its 18 $ so that 's not too bad :-), 
  hm i do n't really know much about technical universities , but i guess they do n't offer that many english taught bas indeed . 
  you can look up a list with all the technical unis here and see if they offer any english programs - the one in delft however is the most prestigious by far . 
  working a part time job could be enough to support yourself depending on your age ( here wages differ when you 're under 23 . 
  meaning that someone who is 19 often ends up earning only 5 $ an hour . . ) . 
  if you 're 23 or older you 'll earn at least double . 
  i worked 15 hours a week and made around 750 $ a month with that  but i guess you need to speak dutch if you want to get a job . . 
  if i were you i 'd look into the netherlands : quite a lot of bachelors or masters in english . 
  tuition fees are about 1900 euros a year . 
  if you were to go to germany it would be cheaper but everything would be in german , same with scandinavia - they hardly have any bas in english . 
  if you go to england expect to pay as much as 9000 pounds a year . 
  380 euros is a very , very tight budget . 
  you probably wo n't even find a small student room for that . 
  my budget is about 1000 euros a month for rent , food , transportation and miscellaneous . 
  you probably will have to get a loan or scholarship to cover the rest . 
  he will not ` obviously ' be needing a visa to enter the eu , as americans can enter without one for tourism purposes up to 90 days . 
  i am sure there is a reason why estonia looks the way it does , i am not denying that , but i just believe this whole identity crisis is getting quite pathetic on r/europe . 
  it is not a nordic country , so instead of trying to be viewed as a nordic country it should focus on its own strengths . 
  same goes for the gdp , i am not saying it is a bad gdp , hell it 's probably better than 75 % of the world . 
  but it is still nowhere near nordic levels . 
  how is estonia a nordic country ? 
  it looks super eastern european , with those russian looking cathedrals and all . 
  besides , one thing the nordics are admired for is their ( well-managed ) wealth . 
  estonia , with a gdp per capita lower than greece , does not come to mind . 
  that word looks like something a sheep would say . 
  oh , yes i completely agree that a few us states are more progressive than probably every single eu country , but op said `` americans + canadians '' which is a huge over-statement . 
  it 's awesome that those three states are so progressive but calling americans + canadians more progressive than europeans judged on those three ( tiny ) states is stretching is . 
  especially considering the way cannabis is treated in the remaining 47 states of the us . 
  how is the u.s. . more progressive when it comes to legalizing cannabis than , for example the netherlands ?
