can someone survive off of that in portugal ? 
  is life really that much cheaper ? 
  people really only make 500 a month in portugal ? 
  that 's what i earn working 4 saturday 's a moth as a student on the side in amsterdam . . never expected differences that big within western europe, 
  what 's up , sista ? 
  good story, 
  eastern europe shining once again . . smh, 
  oh yes , you 're completely right . 
  but i still think a travel warning for iran is justified . 
  likewise , a warning for saudi arabia should be in place . 
  heck , even dubai . 
  there have been numeral stories of western tourists being thrown into jail for kissing on beaches or being raped ( sex before marriage ) . 
  well , can you blame them ? 
  in a country that hangs young people for possibly being gay , i would n't feel very at ease , either . 
  does n't sound like a ` safe ' country to me . 
  if you ask anyone in a western country what part of europe poland and hungary are in , 99 % will say eastern europe . 
  geographically , it might be central europe ( together with switzerland , austria and parts of germany/italy ? 
  ) , but if we were to adhere to geography for naming places , the north sea would be called the west sea , for example . 
  exactly . 
  it feels like most of these people are just desperate not to be called eastern europeans , as that carries some negative connotations with it , such as poverty , corruption and general backwardness vis-\u00e0-vis the west . 
  lol , that 's awesome . 
  regina would be proud of you . 
  lord ... stop trying to make central europe happen . 
  yep , i do n't mind paying for it personally ( as a dutchman i pay even more than a german ) as long as it helps the greek population . 
  eastern europeans on the other should n't be complaining so much , they have gotten big amounts of money and little solidarity is shown ( look at their stance on the migration crisis or helping greece ) . 
  is n't it the exact same in greece ? 
  the money does n't seem to go directly into the citizens pockets , otherwise the greek population would n't be so desperate . 
  as for eastern europeans , lately i 've read so many posts of eastern europeans whining about paying money to the greek . 
  am i supposed to feel sorry for them ? 
  they still get much more out of the eu than they pay into it , and solidarity goes both ways . 
  the greek and western europe has paid huge amounts of money into the cohesion policy to develop the east , but ooooh heaven forbid eastern europeans need to pay for something for a change . 
  it 's the same attitude with the immigrants , to me it seems most of eastern europe just wants to profit from the eu without paying into it . 
  right now , i 'd much rather give my money to the greeks than to someone from say slovakia or romania . 
  the baltics and the whole of eastern europe still get much more money from the eu than that they pay into it , so stop whining so much . 
  if it 's not per capita and does n't really tell you anything about how wealthy those places are . 
  yes it is quite odd . 
  i think the way it will work is that if the vote between yes and no is really close , they will just push it through and argue that the referendum was n't binding and that we should join the rest of the 27 eu countries in their decision . 
  if the vote heavily skews towards no ( like 80 % of the votes or sth ) they will probably be forced to accept it or the population will be pissed off at the govt for the democratic deficit . 
  hm i do n't think it 'll be a proxy vote since not a lot of people are aware there is a referendum anyway - the news have been suspiciously quiet on the subject . 
  probably people that vote will be either very against the expansion of the eu/pissing off russia or very pro-eu and a more liberal attitude for eastern europe . 
  in amsterdam there 's a street called rusland . 
  it 's literally called russia . 
  not russia street or russia avenue or something - nope it 's just russia . 
  kind of weird imo, 
  ah yeah i guess those are good points . 
  i have to admit , usually going abroad everything looks poorer even though i know the countries i visit are n't necessarily much poorer ( germany , sweden , uk , france ) but i could n't really pin point why . 
  i guess it 's the infrastructure and lack of really bad neighborhoods/ghettos in the nl . 
  however , when it comes to living , the nl probably is n't much better with the extremely tiny , boring houses and non-existing nature . 
  i 'm curious , how exactly did it feel more prosperous in the nl ? 
  wow you sound like a very intelligent person . 
  i never said i hate you ? 
  i just think most ee countries are being selfish . 
  i get that the countries are still quite poor and taking care of refugees would be another burden . 
  but if you 'd rather have a union where the west just transfers money to the east , builds up your roads and takes in all refugees and other negative consequences , then what in heaven 's name would be in it for the west ? 
  if you 're not willing to give , then why would we ? 
  that is most definitely true . 
  hi , i understand where you 're coming from , but i do n't agree on all of the points : 1 ) i do not believe western politicians chose to accept refugees because of political benefit . 
  in the west we 've had quite a few far-right parties calling for less immigration ( pvv , front national etc. ), 
  and these parties have gained more and more votes in the last 5 years ( before the refugee crisis was even on the news ) . 
  as we have seen , accepting refugees has done the right wing parties very well and that was to be expected . 
  i think the reason western politicians chose this approach is by lack of a better one . 
  what else could they do ? 
  the eu border is extremely hard to protect with the mediterranean and all those tiny islands that are part of greece/italy . 
  it is not a situation anyone asked for - not even germany - but as it unfolded i think it 's better to try and work on a solution instead of just saying ` no , they 're muslims , we 're not compatible ' . 
  also , it 's not only ee that i personally feel is being quite selfish , we could say the same for the uk . 
  obviously , it is not a very good solution ( as you stated with the romanian example ) but most ee nations do not seem open to discuss anything . 
  just close the borders , build a fence and shove them onto a train to the next country - that 's not really helping . 
  if that 's the mentality that 's pervasive in some countries , i do n't see why the western european countries should n't be more selfish . 
  2 ) i think the second problem is the xenophobia in the east . 
  it seems most ee countries do n't mind taking in refugees from ukraine or neighboring countries , as long as they 're not brown and/or muslim . 
  in poland there were marches and demonstrations against the ` islamization ' of the country where people burned eu flags . 
  in hungary the pm explicitly states that he does not want muslim refugees . 
  i 'm sure there are more instances of anti-muslim rhetoric , but you get the point . 
  moreover , during the european championships in poland and ukraine , people were throwing bananas at the black players and imitating monkey noises . 
  as someone who grew up in amsterdam , a multicultural city , with friends and family from all over the world , i can not believe the ignorance and bigotry that 's being displayed in some ee states . 
  to sum it up , most people in the west including myself , do not think our governments are handling the situation well . 
  but , instead of demonstrating and marching against the islamization of europe ( just scaremongering , really ) or closing the borders , people here are trying to make the best of the situation . 
  in germany people brought heaps of clothes and other supplies to the train stations , i know here in the nl there are teams of translators and volunteers at stations to accommodate incoming refugees . 
  in greece , on islands such as lesbos , people are sticking their necks out to help refugees , giving them shelter and warm clothes . 
  we were all very lucky to grow up in a safe country , and it shows compassion and humanity to help people that are not as fortunate . 
  when i hear ee spew their xenophobic shit to justify closing borders and not participating in eu solutions , i can not help but feel annoyed . 
  as for the economical benefit of the ee countries in the eu , i 'm sure the west is also benefiting hugely of having a larger union with more markets etc. 
  but , the reason to let the eastern states access the eu was mostly political . 
  a bigger union that 's stronger on the world stage and against russia . 
  economically , the eu was faring well before the accession in 2004 and the eu countries would probably still export a lot to ee - regardless of the trade tariffs . 
  it 's quite obvious that the east gained more wealth and the west gained more political power . 
  anyway , i 'm glad you took the time to explain your point of view . 
  of course , everything is always more nuanced than a reddit comment makes believe , and in the grand scheme of things our opinions do n't matter in the slightest . 
  but still , it was an interesting read . 
  you have a good day , too !, 
  you wonder why ? 
  i think it 's quite obvious . 
  it seems eastern europeans only want to profit financially from the west . 
  you 're eager to join the eu and get funding to build up your shitty roads , but the moment shit hits the fan all the solidarity goes out of the window . 
  the complaints of eastern europe about the refugee crisis for example are extremely annoying to me . 
  it 's not like you 're actually receiving any of the refugees and the plans to relocate some to ee are not speaking of great numbers . 
  guess what , most people in the west did n't choose to receive an influx of refugees either , but you somehow make the best of the situation . 
  also , the way lgbt people/minorities are treated in the east does n't really help your case in my opinion . 
  i feel uncomfortable being in a union with countries where pride parades can not take place because of bigoted and violent population of some eastern countries . 
  however , this does not mean people hate individuals .
