  there is no state sales ( vat ) or income tax in nh . 
  that leaves fuel tax , and property tax as the two primary sources of revenue . 
  there is no deficit spending allowed at the state level . 
  you might enjoy glenn beck . 
  sorry for being uninformed , but i was surprised to see a swede with that much hair on his chest . 
  here we mostly pay for roads with taxes on fuel . 
  and with `` sequestration '' coming soon to a city near you . 
   ( do n't know if that 's the right word , i mean the things between stone panels ) technically , the cracks are ` expansion joints ' ( in the usa ) but only an engineer would call them that . 
  there 's an old usa children 's rhyme http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=step%20on%20a%20crack%2c%20break%20your%20mother's%20back that establishes ` crack ' as the correct colloquial term . 
  i expect that there is a lot of singing involved . 
  have a happy !, 
  that would demand to see his baptismal certificate . 
   though i believe it has come to mean something different in america the new world is where the conjectured relatively recent and systematic african-irish interbreeding took place . 
  most of the readers of the irish examiner and not serious historians . 
  i 'm sure this `` article '' riled up a few readers . 
  when i was little , we were discussing the immigration of her family . 
  my mother said in an offhand way that her father was `` black irish '' . 
  when i asked her what ` black irish ' meant ( i was maybe 10 ) , she said ` ah ... that means he was irish catholic , and we do n't know when his branch of the family came to this country . ', 
  funny , because he was a racist who freely used the n-word , though he usually called black people ` jigs ' ( no offense intended here ) . 
  i wonder if a dna test would reveal african ancestry at my present dilution ? 
   chapter 14 : bacon 's rebellion : the planters ' nightmare of a combined uprising by blacks and whites came true when a charismatic young aristocrat turned an indian war into a campaign against his own class , the english grandees . 
  swearing never again , the grandees set out to divide the races . 
  i wonder how much of the deeply rooted enmity between poor whites and blacks in the usa can be attributed to a deliberate ` divide and conquer ' strategy of white land owners . 
  makes sense , but i 've never heard this theory before . 
  i agree with you that the posted article stirs up hatred of the english , maybe 300,000 is the upper bound on the indentured servants and 60,000 is more realistic . 
  but 60,000 is still a very large number of `` black irish '' . 
  i 'd been feed a very sanitized description of `` indentured servants '' in my american history classes , so the perspective of this article is welcome . 
  i know that `` dutch sandwich '' is a tax avoidance strategy , but i just watched the rather depressing frontline documentary `` the untouchables '' http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/ and i need a good laugh ( preferably at the expense of wall street / city types ) . 
  so would it be possible for europhile redditors to provide a funny answer to the following question : what is a `` dutch sandwich '' ? 
  thank you . 
  there are a lot of interesting correlations with the drop in homicides . 
  for example , the baby boom got older and more mellow . 
  do people think that sade was satirizing the 1 % of his day on the eve of the french revolution ? 
  is that why the tract is considered a treasure ? 
  i understood that there were a lot of abandoned horses running loose in ireland after people lost the ability to buy them feed . 
  kinda like all the homeless donkeys in texas ( what with the drought there ) . 
  the meat came from the dutch , but i bet that the horses came from ireland . 
  do n't forget the muslim guy that nobody trusts , but who in the end turns out to be the hero . 
  til deafblindness is a thing . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll read up on this more . 
  by ` many ' i was thinking in the 100 's . 
  it is so sad to lose both . 
  while i appreciate their torment and i think they exercised a basic human right , but it would have been very interesting to see how their situation changed over time . 
  i 'm assuming that they could write or type and communicate to the outside world if not to each other . 
  how would their minds respond to the sensory deprivation and isolation ? 
  would they have developed a novel method of communication ? 
  while i do n't believe in esp , this would certainly be the best case scenario for a pair of humans to develop mental telepathy . 
  they were motivated . 
  i would expect that many deaf people lose their vision . 
  poor people . 
  cnbc is info-tainment . 
  no substance there . 
  could be right , could be wrong . 
  when america sneezes , europe catches a cold . 
  when america catches a cold , europe catches pneumonia . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  this is a classic aphorism in economics that illustrates the interdependency of our economies and it answers op 's question . 
  do n't shoot the messenger . 
  the issuers of bonds pay the rating agencies to rate the bonds . 
  if the bond is returned with a low rating , the issuer takes the next bond issue to a different rating agency . 
  why would this system produce accurate ratings ? 
  it results in overly optimistic ratings . 
  example : the 2008 financial collapse was largely due to cdo rated unrealistically high . 
  one day the world woke up and realized `` these cdos are crap '' . 
  my own view is that ` someone ' persuaded s&p to change the rating so that ` someone ' could make a lot of money . 
  it does not smell right . 
  the ratings agencies have a recent history of being less than objective and altruistic . 
  but the religious have the ` advantage ' that god is on their side . 
  fundamentalist extremists , muslim , christian , and jewish , have a lot in common . 
  did i leave anyone out ? 
  sweden - saab 's invention of the 3 point safety belt/harness and their free licensing of the patent . 
  the catholic church warns about `` occult rituals '' ? 
  that 's the pot calling the kettle black . 
  makes me hungary just thinking about it . 
  `` otherwise there is a risk of getting small larvae shot at one of your eyes , `` he wrote . 
  call me pessimistic , but does anyone else think that this is a move of desperation to make what remains of the union appear robust right before greece leaves . 
  i mean ... greece is still leaving the euro right ? 
  they say that ` the euro is irreversible ' but that just means they are committed to not letting the dominoes tumble once greece exits . 
  as an ignorant american who does not know how to say `` toilet '' in german or french ... well what can i say ... it 's your continent ( and subreddit ) . 
  this is summed up as : privatize the profits , socialize the risks . 
  it 's good when extreme points of view are voiced because it 's good that moderate people become more aware that such people exist and become acquainted with their points-of-view as well as the counter-balancing point-of-view . 
  it 's bad when extremists only talk with other extremists that agree with them . 
  one of the reasons that americans are loud and obnoxious when we visit europe is because we know that there are very few guns around . 
  when we are home , and where we know that anyone could be packing ... we are quiet , self-effacing and polite . 
  start with paragraph 3 http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/07/self-defeating-austerity/, 
  no one said `` the video games made him do it . '', 
  that 's something that you 've brought to the discussion . 
  the point is that breivik was just an unemployed guy who had moved back home to play wow full time in his mom 's basement . 
  that is not the picture of the crusading ( and now persecuted ) cultural defender that breivik would have the court ( and history ) believe him to be . 
  he was most unexceptional . 
  i know lots of people just like him . 
  that 's the point . 
  he 's an seemingly ordinary guy who had a psychotic break with reality . 
  tldr ; `` the authors of the report said mr. breivik suffered a psychotic meltdown in 2006 when he lost money in a failed stock deal , moved back in with his mother in western oslo and began playing world of warcraft , an online role-playing game , for 16 hours a day . '', 
  vermont , and with all the farm work , biking , hiking , skiing and college degrees , it 's one of the least likely places to find obese people . 
   how many europeans actually back that americans are fat stupid loud etc ? 
  i 'm a usa citizen-resident and i will attest to the fact that there are a lot of fat , stupid , and loud people where i live . 
  * not exiting * from the eurozone could also trigger a civil war or anarchy . 
   we would first have to homogenise it as an american citizen who resides in what we affectionately refer to as `` the people 's republic of vermont '' ( aka the state of vermont ) , i believe that vermont and missouri are in no way homogeneous .
