  the premise that the abandonment of properties in rural spain is unique is wrong . 
  it 's recent and abrupt and therefore dramatic but not unique . 
  if you think it is unique , tell me how and why . 
  i would wager that the floor area of the abandoned properties in detroit michigan usa exceeds the floor area of the abandoned properties in all of spain . 
  i agree that in a world of optional work , many would pursue art , study , social interaction , and recreation . 
  but take my excavator friend , he would rather dig a world class ditch than write a crappy novel . 
  ( on the other hand , i have dug a crappy ditch with my friend 's excavator and i have written a pretty good novel . ), 
  we all have different talents and we derive the greatest satisfaction ( and pleasure ? ), 
  from doing what we do best and that can often be a very mundane task . 
  if you assign the mundane tasks to robots , you will have a lot of unhappy people and a very unsettled society . 
  it will be rather dangerous to travel anywhere . 
  i speculate that it would be difficult to become an adult in a world where you did not have the option to perform the mundane task that you were especially good at ( aka work ) . 
  a society that is perpetually adolescent is also a very angst filled society . 
  perhaps you have read http://www.iain-banks.net/ . 
  he describes a culture where most work is done by machines . 
  i mention him because all of his principal characters are the exceptions who have extremely interesting jobs and world saving missions . 
  ( many of his characters are ai/robots . ), 
  the majority of people who are off flying bird suits in low gravity , attending orgies , reading books and taking drugs are not very interesting or satisfied . 
  on the contrary , the ais have most of the real fun . 
  i agree with you that the world is trending to concentrate wealth in the hands of an over-class and at the same time make the majority of people redundant . 
  i can see that you might take children away from their parents and raise them to be members of a synthetic paleolithic culture . 
  if you dispensed with the adult paleolithic roles hunter/gatherer/warrior , then you would need to invent some other adult roles , or the humans would remain adolescents . 
  in my experience people are fulfilled by fully expressing their inherent talents . 
  just one example ... 
  i have a friend who is an artist at operating earth moving equipment . 
  most people would call that work , it is tiring , difficult , and dangerous . 
  he would be very unhappy if he never got to run those machines . 
  to clarify , take all of the people who want to work , say 100 people . 
  provide jobs for 95 % of them , say 95 jobs . 
  a well designed economy would accomplish this . 
  we are not citizens of a paleolithic culture . 
  i do n't want to revert to a paleolithic culture . 
   ... you seem to perceive it as the sole function never said that . 
  how many years have you worked in a very successful and satisfying career ? 
  assuming no money problems , would you want that career to be terminated tomorrow ? 
     should society strive to keep everyone employed   a fair economy should be structured to provide jobs for 95 % of the people that want to work . 
   should ? 
  who makes this claim ? 
  you posed the question and i make the claim . 
  a lot of people will want to work even if they do n't need the money . 
  an economy/society exists to meet the needs of it 's members . 
    an economy that provides less than 95 % employment is broken . 
   why should that be the case ? 
  see above . 
   the end-goal for humanity in the near future could ( should ? ), 
  be almost total replacement of human labor by robotic or automatic means . 
  that may be technically feasible but finding a replacement for work would be different . 
  the picture of perpetual adolescent indolence seems post-apocalyptic to me . 
  it might work if you got rid of most of the people on the planet , and maybe the robotic overlords would see the wisdom of doing that . 
   should society strive to keep everyone employed since a productive economy derives value from so many things that belong equally to everyone ( for example the radio spectrum and gravity ) , a fair economy should be structured to provide jobs for 95 % of the people that want to work . 
  ( you need some unemployment to allow reallocation of labor resources . ), 
  it really makes no difference whether the jobs are productive . 
  many highly paid jobs extract money from the economy , but are of dubious value to the economy . 
  for example , the people who administer high frequency trading . 
  ( i know that you will claim that hft provides liquidity but that is a somewhat dubious claim . ), 
  an economy that provides less than 95 % employment is broken . 
  the lock down of boston and the media frenzy while they searched for the suspect was entirely unprecedented . 
  wierd is not a very precise term . 
  what happened was certainly unprecedented and it will take a while to get some perspective on it . 
  the large amount of renewable energy generated inside portugal would reduce the need to import oil post default, 
  just convert 100 % to organic farming , there never an end to the weeding, 
  rhetorical questions might be frowned upon, 
  i think he meant that he would take as many of the bastards as he could with him on a holiday to the seaside , that is how i read it at least, 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i like european cities that are in europe a lot . 
  sarajevo , edinburgh , and zurich especially reminded me of pittsburgh because of their topography . 
  one of the good things about pittsburgh is that you can for example , get on a local bus and go from eastern europe ( pittsburgh 's south side ) to italy ( bloomfield ) . 
  the rivers and ravines destroy the street grids and give the whole place a medieval labyrinthine quality . 
   when the uk turned to free trade in the 1840s the rest of the world was strongly protectionist and still the uk prospered immensely . 
  do you really think this is relevant in 2013 ? 
  i agree that it is an interesting starting point for discussion . 
  if you want to experience a european city with a lot of heart , try pittsburgh pa usa, 
  by juxtaposition , north korea stopped taking phone calls from south korea last week, 
  http://www.tcm.com/mediaroom/video/224555/take-the-money-and-run-movie-clip-gub.html hope this is not blocked in your country . 
  act naturally , i have a gub . 
  i am proud of our constitution because at the time , it was like all kings and shit in europe ( except for france ), 
  an incredibly ferocious scavenger is our national symbol, 
  krugman does not speak for the usa . 
  he 's a minority voice . 
  everybody would start loving cypress if it was an extremely cheap and sunny place to vacation . 
  many of the poorer areas of the usa provide cannon fodder for the military . 
  they also produce some very smart and productive people , many of whom move to other areas of the country where they contribute greatly to the common good of the union . 
  my opinion is that the usa benefits on the whole from cost of the poorer states , but it is hard to measure that benefit . 
  it is rather easy but inaccurate to portray the poorer states as total mooches . 
  the usa has long gotten used to the idea of funneling tax dollars from the prosperous north to the poor south on a permanent basis . 
  so you prefer to double down on condescending remarks rather than put forward a rational counterpoint ? 
  you 've lost all credibility . 
  i 'll ignore for the moment your condescending remarks ... 
  the net present value of iceland 's early economic rebound outweighs the burden of repaying obligations in the future . 
  the gdp grows before the repayment begins . 
  if the projected repayment schedule threatens to throw iceland back into recession , it will be renegotiated when the time comes . 
  the creditors have everything to lose if onerous terms wreck a rebounding icelandic economy . 
  it did work out rather well for iceland http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/08/world/europe/icelands-economy-is-mending-amid-europes-malaise.html?ref=business&amp;pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0, 
  can anyone explain how cyprus is different from iceland and why the icelandic solution ( which worked well for iceland ) would not work in cyprus ? 
  because cuba is a pretty cool place . 
  theory is good , but there have been problems with various implementations . 
  this is reminiscent of the opium wars http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_wars, 
  i 'll buy that the federal contribution to roads exceeds whatever is collected by fuel tax . 
  whether the excess federal contribution comes from income taxes or deficit spending ( borrowing ) is your guess . 
  to get the federal money , the state has to raise matching funds .
