you 'd be surprised at the chemicals that are allowed to be used on ` certified organic food ' . 
  it could turn out much worse than the usa for any number of reasons . 
  is this an accurate translation ? 
  how did this phrase rise to the top ? 
  it is particularly easy to chant ? 
  what is an ` area of rebellion ' ? 
  is this the point of view of all three parties ( four pov if you include the eu ) ? 
  germans have the possibility of extremely high scrabble scores . 
  can you tell me the multisyllabic german word for the outrage felt when a train is late ? 
  i 'd like to see whether a political cartoonist could take this great idea to the next level . 
  i would not call it propaganda , but seeing that film made me wish that i was a lesbian . 
  alexander the great was from macedonia . 
  cockroaches are disgusting , but the mold and mildew will make anyone living there very sick . 
  that 's a dam fine monument that continues to be politically relevant . 
  ( and it is a dam fine heroic sculpture as well ) . 
  did she mean to say that europe was a net importer of food ? 
  are there people still living in iceland that lived through a famine ? 
  seems that an island nation might be especially sensitive to the concept due to historical experience and a long recorded history . 
   but its a scary reality indeed . 
  this is not reality . 
  most people with well-paid jobs have insurance from their employers . 
  that leaves the poorly educated and earning people who are inculcated with this view by the anti-obamacare political faction and their media minions . 
  but there are other reinforcing factors . 
  for example , many of these folks could not ( before obamacare ) afford insurance as well as the things that offered immediate sustenance and gratification . 
  the price of individual insurance was just completely ridiculous ( say $ 1000 a month for a family ) . 
  so they take a gamble that they will not get sick . 
  if they get sick , they will just go broke and get by , and in the meantime they have a tolerable life . 
  this approach is passed down from generation to generation . 
  you will also hear some highly educated and smart people spouting the `` freedom '' line , but they have an ideological agenda to roll back the usa government to what it was in 1930 ( they usually have health insurance as well ) . 
  there are some intelligent people who just subscribe to the party line and are not aware of the underlying regressive ideology . 
  the right wing has co-opted the poorly educated and poorly employed people in the usa . 
  if those people get health insurance they will like it and the right will lose some of their votes . 
  the right is already losing ground due to changing demographics , so they are doing everything that they can to sabotage obamacare . 
  btw , obamacare is a brain-damaged hybrid , but it is at least a pragmatic step in a progressive direction . 
  change happens slowly . 
  the caption that describes `` millions of small lakes full of islands ... with dozens of people swimming and sailing '' is rather charming . 
  a lot of progressives informally boycott the tourist economies of socially regressive regions and vice-versa . 
  the law under which he was convicted is the fucking travesty . 
  is there any chance that the eu will avoid the liability of having an extremely easy to deploy `` volunteer '' military ? 
  surely there are other factors in play in the usa , but the absence of universal conscription has prolonged our military engagements . 
   nuclear weapons all have the weakness of needing a delivery system drones using powerful lasers could shoot them down well before they get anywhere near their target . 
  expensive efforts to develop this capability have failed , so i think it is unlikely that europe will make the huge investment on a long shot until someone else demonstrates that it is possible . 
  this goal may have to wait until self-replicating self-improving ai robotics emerge . 
  plus , you can deliver a nuclear bomb in the back of a well shielded truck or a shipping container . 
  i like the photographs , but the album has the same level of selection bias as http://www.peopleofwalmart.com/photos/search-by-state/, 
   american politicians watch polls like these like hawks . 
  this poll is only relevant for the presidential election . 
  the other politicians only play to their local sentiment . 
   its not even that important as much as the u.s is made out to be a boogeyman by reddit 's circlejerk uniting against an external boogeyman reduces the internal squabbles and that is good for everybody . 
  i thought that europe was happy about us participation in libya and also wanted us to rattle our sabers regarding syria . 
  and there are practically no translated texts about police shootings in iceland . 
  does the queuing behavior of british predate wwii rationing ? 
  someone must have done their dissertation on this . 
  consumerism will be rejected by the generation that is born into and grows up in a world devastated by climate change wrought by consumerism . 
  sooner or later . 
  i understand that this option is not on the table , but i believe the world would be a happier and healthier place if it adopted the spanish siesta and midday break . 
  your german ps4 shopper may have more velocity , but the total momentum of a black friday walmart shopper is much greater due to mass . 
  the contractors and politicians will profit handsomely from this exercise in security theater . 
  pic http://www.worldcrunch.com/world-affairs/what-happens-when-a-nazi-monument-is-transformed-into-luxury-housing/nazi-history-architecture-hamburg-jews-eagles-preservation/c1s13806/#.unedtloklqs, 
  i did not want someone to try this with wax paper because it would burst into flames . 
  i buy that it is baking paper , but i doubt that it has wax in it . 
  are you saying that the anglosphere is trying to eliminate the siesta ? 
  do you take a siesta ? 
  the internet is conceived to make data location-independent . 
  now `` laws '' try to make data location-dependent . 
  the world is turning upside down . 
  the british navy sowed their seed widely . 
  i 'm surprised that canada scores higher than the usa . 
  perhaps it indicates a higher rate of intermarriage across ethnic lines in canada . 
  or maybe that larger black population in the usa ? 
  their tradition of designing and building nice and relatively affordable gliders http://szd.com.pl/, 
  the current congress is totally ineffectual due to a small group of entrenched radical extremists on the right wing . 
  the voting districts have been adjusted by republican controlled state legislatures so these difficult people are with us for the foreseeable future . 
  you 're right that the present incarnation of the system is completely broken . 
  we will see just how strong the executive really is in the next few weeks . 
  some argue that the president has the constitutional power to raise the debt ceiling without the consent of congress , a consent that the extremists in the house are using to try to stop the roll out of national health insurance . 
  could be something of a constitutional crisis . 
  in the usa , the house of representatives is controlled by tea party extremists and we ( the world actually ) are rather lucky to have a senate to block them . 
  i realize that the usa government is presently the laughing stock of the world and that things work differently in a parliamentary democracy , but keeping government weak and ineffectual protects the people from some of the craziness of strong government . 
  if you use solid encryption , it does not matter where you store your data . 
  if you do not use solid encryption , then your data is not truly secure . 
  encryption is much more reliable than any `` privacy laws '' . 
  this approach works fine as long as your house does not burn down and as long as someone does not break in and steal that nice nas device . 
   i guess that means female genital mutilation is okay by your standard ( as well as all other sort of amputations ) . 
  you 're drawing a false equivalency . 
  do you really think that a foreskin is equivalent to a clitoris ? 
   so the religious liberty of the parents trumps their children 's right to bodily integrity ? 
  i think that the state should have a compelling reason to regulate the behavior of the religious or irreligious . 
  a foreskin does not seem to merit the intrusion of the state in personal affairs . 
  it does not seem that much different than russia making it illegal to tell your kids that homosexuals exist . 
  it 's understandable that men who are attached to their foreskins think that it is very very important ... much more important than religious liberty . 
  men who are detached from their foreskins do n't think that it is very important , but they are very attached to their religious liberty . 
  men of either configuration often want their sons to be like themselves , even if they are not religious . 
  do you have to be religious to legally circumcise your son in europe ? 
  german anarchists shout in english ?? 
  that 's rad . 
  i doubt that you 'll send a reduction of money flowing to the hardware suppliers , tech and consulting firms that benefit from the security apparatus . 
  this is just a facet of the military-industrial complex that president dwight eisenhower warned us about back in the early 60s . 
  it is hard to put the genie back in the bottle . 
  that is a terrible waste of toner/ink .
