   this happens in ever country . 
  i never said that the usa was the only instance of diversity . 
   political difference do n't make a country diverse people in the same family will have different opinions . 
  if you do n't equate `` differences '' with `` diversity '' , how do you define diversity ? 
  give me an example . 
  american television shows and movies present a narrow view of the american people and international reporting on the american government makes it looks like we all agree . 
  but that is hardly true . 
  there was a diverse aborigine culture in america before people started to immigrate . 
  then immigrants came to the usa from every ethnic group and religion in the world . 
  people frequently marry partners from other ethnic groups . 
  the country is large geographically and has many different climates , and climate seems to affect culture . 
  people move thousands of kilometers for jobs , relationships , and personal preferences . 
  geographic regions develop their own cuisines , dialects , attitudes . 
  the usa is divided into 50 states and each state makes it 's own laws . 
  for example , texas executes criminals for serious offenses http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_texas , but the last time vermont executed a person was in 1954 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_vermont . 
  the laws governing same sex marriage are a good example of diversity in the usa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage_status_in_the_united_states_by_state diversity aside , some generalizations about americans are true of course . 
  we are addicted to fossil fuels and outside of major cities , we rely on individually owned cars . 
  americans ( of all ethnic backgrounds ) tend to grow fat . 
  75 % of americans come from a christian/catholic background . 
  there are some good generalizations to be made as well , but i do n't want to beat my own drum . 
  america is actually a rather diverse place . 
  you should come and visit some time . 
  how do you know `` americans love to snitch , especially on their own children . '', 
  are n't you just venting your anti-american bigotry ? 
  how is that different from anti-gay bigotry ? 
   americans love to snitch , especially on their own children . 
  that 's a bigoted thing to say in a comment about bigots . 
  interesting that john cleese and david frost worked together in 1962 . 
  this is not a question of fact , it is a question of tact . 
  kerry should have chosen his words more carefully . 
  who painted it pink and why ? 
  what does the graffiti say in the original photo ? 
  sure . 
  just send a letter in an envelope with a stamp on it . 
  do not send a postcard . 
  one month of numbers do not define a trend . 
   with gdp shrinking , and unemployment rising , and the levels are already disastrous , is there anyone on the planet who sees how this is going to end ? 
  anyone who is not delirious with austerity fever sees how it will end ... very very badly . 
  this is news ? 
  anyone who has ever worked in software development knows that people on the autism spectrum are very well represented . 
  i 'd expect that this is true of any engineering discipline . 
  the extroverts of the world are just really loud about their orientation defining `` normal '' . 
  i 'd rather deal with an autistic than an anxious and controlling extrovert any day . 
  exactly . 
  no one who believes in the confidence fairy was invited . 
  they forgot to invite the confidence fairy . 
   i think it 's also worth mentioning that the chinese producers have the large scale production down by now , at very high panel quality . 
  i understand that the chinese have demonstrated the capability to make first rate panels , but there is concern about further cost cutting and consequent quality problems . 
  did they dump all the defective panels in california ? 
  if someone does not understand your english , just talk louder . 
  we do have too many people . 
  if this included two-factor-authentication , i would welcome it . 
  you log into usa banks with a simple password . 
  i do n't think it is in any way discountable as a `` conspiracy theory '' to think that the cia uses early privileged knowledge of exploits to attack their targets . 
  that is their job and i heartily approve . 
  i want the cia to do their job well . 
  ftfy : you can not entrust any company with your information . 
  you 're glossing over an important part of the picture . 
  microsoft alerts the spooks to the possibility of an exploit before it announces the problem to the world . 
  besides the reasons that you cite , this allows the spooks to use the exploit before it becomes generally known and patched . 
  is this good or bad ? 
  i do n't know , but the picture is not as clear cut innocent and logical as you portray . 
  trying to stop governments from doing this sort of collection and sifting is as likely to succeed as trying to keep people from using drugs . 
  prohibition just drives it underground . 
  i think a partial solution lies along the lines of : 1 ) make it easy and free for an individual to be apprised of what the government thinks it knows about that individual and provide a mechanism for the individual to correct that assessment . 
  2 ) automated obfuscation whereby an individual gains multiple contradictory online personas such that a person 's real persona is thoroughly obscured . 
  3 ) or start using cash or bitcoins , get a library card under a false identity and walk away from our precious internet . 
  is a digital life worth the downsides ? 
  go back to collecting vinyl . 
  i 've been to europe five or six times . 
  the farmers ' markets in the usa have a higher ratio of tanned_hippie_girl : babushka 'd _ grandma . 
  in northern usa i solve this problem by burning fossil fuels . 
  for breakfast i have cherry tomatoes from mexico , dried figs from turkey , bananas from central america and pecans from georgia ( the us state ) . 
  for lunch i have scrambled eggs with frozen onions and sunflower seeds , and a glass of carrot juice . 
  that 's five and it is only 1 pm . 
  on a good day i will include a large salad with my dinner . 
  in summer i mostly eat locally produced food . 
  the quality of the food and the pleasure of buying it at farmer 's markets have greatly influenced me to eat more fruits and vegetables . 
  find a source of higher quality food and without much effort you will find yourself eating more fruits and vegetables . 
  the `` local food movement '' is one sign of intelligence in the usa . 
  https://www.google.com/search?site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=685&amp;q=farmers+market&amp;oq=farmers+market&amp;gs_l=img.3..0l10.1327.6733.0.8236.14.6.0.5.5.0.246.727.3j2j1.6.0...0.0.0..1ac.1.12.img.h_dt5jbzvqs edit : removed clause wrt farmers ' markets in europe . 
  this is blue screen with some good actors . 
  i 'm confident that there is a progressive solution to this problem and that sweden is smart enough to figure out a solution . 
  it is a problem faced by most post-industrial societies . 
  in the usa , we put uneducated workers to work at physically demanding jobs until they injure themselves ( for example spinal disk injury ) and then we put them on social security disability ( equivalent to welfare ) because they can no longer work the only jobs for which they are qualified . 
  people are much less likely to riot when their bodies are old , obese , and broken . 
  i 'm not saying that this is good solution , it 's just what happens . 
  from afar this reminds me of a buddhist monk 's self-immolation as protest , or the guy was depressed and in despair . 
  okay . 
  i 'm wrong . 
  opinions differ http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/23/dont-cry-for-argentina/ i agree that greece is not argentina . 
  because of natural resources , argentina is more like iceland , which likewise acted `` irresponsibly '' , but also is recovering . 
  and of course the biggest difference between argentina and faltering eurobound countries is that argentina defaulted on its sovereign debt and their economy recovered , whereas eurobound countries did not not default on their sovereign debt and their economies have not recovered . 
  but did n't greece and spain buy a lot of german industrial output in this period ? 
  did n't the germans already try that with greece and spain ? 
  the creatures that buy essential services at rock bottom prices are vultures . 
  like spain , there are lots and lots of properties and towns in rural america being abandoned as small town factories move to china and the industrialization of agriculture eliminates agricultural jobs , but i assume that people know that already , and since we are on the subject of economic change and the abandonment of property , i thought to add the case of detroit to complete the picture . 
  in short `` it 's not just rural areas that are being abandoned '' . 
  trying to add some perspective to the discussion . 
  i could also point out that rural china is collapsing because the young people who typically take care of the old are moving to the cities .
