sweden , according to the internet , everyone has a restraining other against each other for some reasons, 
  well i doubt that the guys in white are 100 % representative of the muslim population in the uk . 
  it would have been pointless if it was just the people who all agreed with eachother . 
  as well as that the extremists tend to be louder then the vast majority who just want to get on with there lives . 
  but with the delusional ones come even more intellgent ones . 
  i do n't see the problem when the vast majority are happy in western soeity, 
  the us has a good k/d, 
  doubt we 'll ever get that 100km tunnel from ireland to wales :(, 
  someone said [ messy borders ? 
  yeah , apart from the racism and xenophobia , it 's pretty ok . 
  white square is both just 2 arc de triumphes with the bottoms touching each other therefore it is twice as cool as the arc de triumphe, 
  i never said it was n't cool , i just think the big white square looks cooler . 
  i think that a big fucking white square is much cooler then the eifell tower or arc de triumpe, 
  if i were to be crushed by a train , it would be that train . 
  we do n't have 15bn to spare, 
  lol , i 'd like to see one of ireland without dublin , without a doubt it would be way in last . 
  except modern muslims adopt a rational belief system that does not break any laws , whether you call that `` backward '' is different , there is a few who adopt beliefs that would be illegal , and the ones who execute those beliefs should be prosecuted under standard law , like everyone else . 
  a lot of people here say the same about eastern europeans and even estonians . 
   the uk and ireland should know this better than most . 
  exactly , what britain did to the irish was treat them as second class citizens , as savages , and then wondered why they rebelled every few years with parties like ukip , they are doing as much as they can to exclude minorities from everything , that 's how you create anger and riots, 
  if this was `` spreading muslim propoganda '' people would be up in arms . 
   our mistake with multiculturalism was assuming that both sides wanted peace and cooperation . 
  so you are judging a whole group based on the actions of a few ? 
  i remember a riot in britain a few years ago , and the majority of people were native british . 
  maybe we should create a separate country that shares power between ireland and britain !, 
  no , actually a lot of africans and muslims from 3rd world countries here . 
  i guess it 's because we help them get on there feet instead of pre-judging them before they have a chance , and putting them in ghettos , and then blaming all the nations problems on them . 
  this is why / r/europe has to stop being a default to europeans you get idiots like this . 
  no , it 's not , europe population growth is slowing down . 
  people are having only 1 child or less , in the future the older demographics will be the biggest , and you need someone to fund all that , which is why immigration is integral to europe . 
  and it 's not a `` social '' experiment , if you think that race has anything to do with it , you are an idiot, 
  a lot of them usually go on peacekeeping missions pretty regularly . 
  sicily must have had massive warscore by that point . 
  walk around a few council estates , you 'll hate 'em soon enough, 
  the real benefits to driverless cars wont come until they are the only things on the road , then there will be no more traffic , and you will never have to stop at red lights again, 
  yep , all muslims promote the killing of people . 
  same on / r/europe . 
  you would thing germans would remember the last time they wanted mass genocide and how it worked out for them, 
  prepare for more `` multiculturalism is the worse thing done by our generation '' and `` muslims are literally hitler '', 
  it 's not about the rain though , you can still put a bucket outside your door if you want , but i think the state should be payed for the filtration process and transporting the water . 
  and still losing pl games to bt and will lose the cl next year . 
  he 's christian ? 
  this is why we need to stop the spread of christianity through out beautiful europe . 
  it is destroying our culture !, 
  all christians should be deported, 
  `` harsh treatment in catalonia '' [ \u2714 ], 
  would spain ever dumb enough to give away catalonia ? 
  the amount of money that region brings in must be immense, 
  we have n't had a war in western europe in 70 years ever since there was population in europe , there were wars every few years . 
  come at me c8nt sm0ke s [ weed ] en errr day m9, 
  what 's the visa situation for getting into russia , is it difficult ? 
  would it take a lot of time ? 
  adolph would be proud, 
   why are people so happy to throw away our cultural norms and tennets ? 
  anyone with bare intelligence does n't care what culture people have , we 've moved out of that stage in solemnity . 
  why would you force people to be `` normal '' , that sounds like bullying that happens to children . 
  europeans should get over `` cultural norms '' and pave the way for a society that does not judge on how you act in public, 
  that 's there own choice if they want people to see there face . 
  i ca n't see most peoples legs either , but i do n't really mind , it 's their own choice, 
  so because some people use it for criminal activities , all should be banned ? 
  i guess you should n't be allowed to drive cars in public anymore since a minority used them to kill people, 
   show me a european country where covering your face in public so that others can see you is standard ? 
  having a pink-mohawk is not `` standard '' either or `` culturally european '' , but it does n't mean people should n't be allowed to have one, 
  i do n't think you understand what happens to the natives after the colonists arrive . 
  you should read up on it . 
  except it was the wealthy countries in the first place who exploited and raped any worth wile resource they had . 
  and now when they come looking for help , we shun them away ? 
  fuck that, 
  the majority of those irish homeless are homeless for a reason , they do n't work and are on the streets because of that . 
  why would n't you want to educate people ? 
  them more the better , and as well as that there are thousands of unused houses here that could be easily turned into social housing . 
  and yes , they should be provided with welfare , they are humans so they deserve the basic human rights , i know you are japanese and over there there is more of racist tendencies , but i like to be open minded and not judge every person by race or nationality . 
  but we do attract a lot of high-end immigrants , the majority of workers in the tech industry are foreign . 
  but you also need workers for lower end jobs too , and if they have kids here , they will hopefully be educated to go on to have those higher level jobs . 
  there are places to stay for a lot of people here , they do n't need to stay in my house , and if they needed a place to stay for a while , i would oblige . 
  contrary to popular belief , not every brown/black person is a rapist/murderer, 
   is n't it very hard to find school places in urban areas ? 
  no , not really although the majority are catholic schools , it is not hard to get your child into them , and in urban areas you will find a lot more non-catholic schools that are in place for immigrants specigically . 
  is n't your country broke ? 
  yes , that 's why we need more people and businesses making money and paying taxes, 
  i do donate to charities too , but if people want to get educated in my country , i have no problem with that, 
  come on `` pig-dog '' ?? 
  , that 's some 2000bc name-calling shit . 
  i personally have no problem in helping others out . 
  more healthy and educated people in the world , the better . 
  wow , come on man , that 's way to original . 
  there has been a bit of immigration in the last few years , some of the older people who immigrated do not have good english, 
  in fairness a lot of citizens are stupid, 
  fuck the king, 
  the eu was set up as to stop wars from happening , and that 's what ti does , no `` us '' base is going to stop rebels at any rate , force by any means could n't stop it . 
  the only thing that could is a union like the eu . 
  and do n't be jealous because you bigots do n't know what competition is . 
  you want companies to move in ? 
  lower your tares then , you are a capitals country ffs , and that 's what capitalism is about, 
  so what do they stand for ? 
  piracy is ok and it 's totally ok to not pay people for there work ? 
  exactly why scotland needs to stay in the uk not the hero we deserve , but the one we need right now . 
  you guys seems to be jerking each other off more then anyone else in this thread, 
  you are 100 % correct , i just hope the economy comes back before it 's too late, 
  but it has basically been running the same way since the beginning , people just seem to be complaining after 1 financial crisis .
