well , this presidential poll also excludes people who are unsure . 
  are these results inaccurate for you ? 
  2008 poll isn \u00b4 t accurate anymore . 
  if we exclude those who have no stance on nato , then those who have an opinion on it are mostly favourable towards it . 
  and even for the 2008 poll the same thing applies . 
  well , it 's just a bad habit , i 'm so used to using the wrong one . 
  it 's like the lshift vs rshift . 
  well , i have a proof that majority of french people support the nato , how are you going to back up your claims ? 
  : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/06/support-for-nato-is-widespread-among-member-nations/, 
  guys , relax . 
  melenchon is by no way better than le pen , he also wants to exit eu , thinks that crimea should indeed be part of russia and wants to withdraw french armed forces from baltic states . 
  he has also talked about leaving nato . 
  it seems like the best we can hope for by now is the macron-fillon runoff with macron winning . 
  fillon is also slightly putin-friendly , but not as much as melenchon and le pen , so him getting elected wouldn \u00b4 t be a huge disaster . 
  we were illegally occupied by the soviet union in june 1940 . 
  estonian government in exile was functioning for the whole 51 years until we restored our independance in 1991 . 
  soviet government wasn \u00b4 t the real estonian government . 
  everyone who supported estonian independance and wanted the estonian passport got it in 1991 . 
  the ones who don \u00b4 t have it either voted against independance or didn \u00b4 t want it as it restricts visa free travel to russia . 
   namely the myth of state continuity of the baltic states . 
  what drugs are you on ? 
  how is this an ethnic discrimination ? 
  would you imagine giving us citizenship to someone who can \u00b4 t speak a single word of english , for example ? 
  edit : actually in the early 90s estonian citzenship was given even to russians who didn \u00b4 t speak estonian if they supported estonian independance . 
  those who didin \u00b4 t get the citizenship either didn \u00b4 t support estonian independance or didn \u00b4 t want to get it . 
  why should we offer citizenship to people who openly say they are n't even interested in learning estonian ? 
  also some people are n't even interested in estonian passport , because it would restrict their visa free travel to russia . 
  yes , keskerakond has got money from russia and it \u00b4 s very clearly a pro-russia party . 
  however , financing a party isn \u00b4 t equal to interferencing elections . 
  imo interferencing elections means cyberattacks , trying to fake the elections etc. 
  i guess you \u00b4 re talking about tallinn tv , right ? 
  yes , it \u00b4 s propaganda , but keskerakond \u00b4 s propaganda , not russian propaganda . 
  honestly , it \u00b4 s so bad that russians would never fund so bad propaganda . 
  at least stuff like rt is pretty high quality while tallinn tv is mostly terrible quality . 
  well , if someone says that soviet occupation is a myth and we have an apartheid regime , then i think it \u00b4 s seriously justified to call that person a russian puppet , right ? 
  russian propaganda in baltic states is definitely real . 
  there are hired trolls in the biggest online mediums who are paid to spread russo-friendly statements in comments sections . 
  however , i just can \u00b4 t agree with the `` interference with the elections '' part . 
  i don \u00b4 t know for sure about latvia and lithuania , but estonian elections have never been interferenced by russia . 
  it would \u00b4 ve been a huge scandal , but it hasnever happened . 
  us newspapers are making the situation look slightly more dramatic than it is in reality . 
  edit : basically , our biggest problem at the moment isn \u00b4 t actual interference with elections , nor is it the threat of a russian attack similar to the one in eastern ukraine . 
  we aren \u00b4 t afraid of that . 
  our only problem at the moment is how widespread the russian propaganda in the baltics are . 
  there are people like leena hietanen and johan b\u00e4ckman getting airtime . 
  those are the finnish journalists who try to claim that estonia has an apartheid regime which is extremely russophobic and that the soviet occupation is a myth . 
  it \u00b4 s incredibly easy to give out pure promises when you know that you have no chance of getting elected and actually back up your promises . 
  it \u00b4 s basically a publicity stunt for him , hoping to get more seats in the parliament next elections with the publicity he \u00b4 s gaining for free at the moment . 
  tbh , i \u00b4 m surprised this took the front page over terror attack in london - are terror attacks really considered that common now ? 
  the title of this thread is pure propaganda . 
  russia made their choice knowing that she can \u00b4 t enter ukraine , because she had visited crimea from the russian side . 
  don \u00b4 t try to play on ukranians discriminating a `` poor disabled person . '', 
  well , it \u00b4 s completely the same in estonia which is 2nd in this list , so i don \u00b4 t think this is the case . 
  i went there this autumn and buses came every 20-30 mins . 
  i think that this is good enough . 
  also crimea is somewhy part of russia on this map . 
  2 years for a murder , are they serious ? 
  looking at what was altered , i honestly place my money on some kind of a troll , not the real editors . 
  soviet union occupied estonia and set up communism without estonians actually wanting communism . 
  then they imported 0,5 m russians here , most of them did n't even bother to learn estonian , because they considered themselves superior to us . 
  during the 2nd world war soviet union also destroyed narva and some parts of tallinn 's old town . 
  estonia was just as rich as finland before soviet union occupied us , but 25 years ago , when we were finally able to become free again , our average wage was 30 $ . 
  luckily it 's up to almost 1000 $ by now . 
  why should i think positively of communism ? 
  fuck soviet union , fuck communism and fuck everyone who thinks that soviet union should be reestablished . 
  thanks for the information , i somewhy assumed that in alost every country it 's 48h . 
  seems like we will have an insane manhunt now , let 's hope that the real terrorist has n't escaped to the other side of the world by now . 
  russian online propaganda is slowly starting to do its work . 
  at first , everyone laughed over those extremely pro-russian news sites and over all those trolls who write online comments . 
  we did n't take them seriously at first , rts videos on yt had more downvotes than upvotes , like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oygwayac7iw ) video for example , but now it 's all changed . 
  the immigration crisis has caused people to take all those trolls seriously , they are getting more likes and upvotes everywhere . 
  it 's sad that we did n't deal with them when we still had time to do it . 
  either they have very decisive evidence that it was an incorrect man or they are extremely stupid and may have let go of the correct suspect . 
  does n't matter which way it is , i consider it relatively absurd that they did n't hold him for 48h to check everything . 
  i agree that far-right is a relatively wide term . 
  at the moment , far-right means all anti-eu parties in europe , at least for me . 
  actually , a lot of these parties call themselves right conservatives , but their economic policies are often very leftist . 
  for example lowering retirement age by so much definitely is n't a right-wing move . 
  i find it extremely ironic how all those far-right parties constantly fight against feminism and favouring women and then they do this : '' it has also voted to lower the retirement age from 67 to 60 for women and 65 for men -- a bill that duda signed into law earlier monday . '', 
  estonian and norwegian life imprisonments are n't the same for sure for example . 
  breivik was only sentenced for 20 or so years and his imprisonment will be extended in the future ( most likely ) , but in estonia we have like 10-20 people who are sentenced for life in prison , not 20 years with extension in the future . 
  well , are n't you feeding the narrative that only leftists do n't like trump yourself ? 
  why is this narrative better than the one that only rednecks voted for him ? 
  i hope that people realise how much harder it is to influence digital elections than just add more ballots etc. 
  not saying that digital elections are 100 % bulletproof , but still way more reliable than the traditional ones . 
  nice ru propaganda you 've got going in this thread , 
  and butthurt melenchon fans still exist here . 
  `` restrictions on the right to demonstrate , '' yeah , he totally should have allowed nonwhite muslim only march in paris . 
  well , the bus in tallinn is expensive , because populist city council decided to make it free for local residents to get more votes and because of that the prices for nonlocals raised quite significantly . 
  however , i think that 24h pass is between 3-5 $ , you probably should 've got that . 
  kinda the same place from 2006 : https://imgur.com/a/hy8ty taken like 10m forward and slightly in another direction , but you can still see the pink house and street sign saying pikk 2 . 
  https://tele2.ee/paketid/multipaketid telia has 64 gb and elisa has 50 gb , those are pretty impossible to exceed anyway . 
  except that everything is checked before publishing . 
  it 's very rare that something silly goes through and even then it 's only for the trolling purposes , like some football referee 's article gets added a line `` who plays for real madrid '' after whistling favourably for them or smth similar to it . 
  yes , because wikipedia article with 125 sources is obviously less trustworthy than some anonymous redditors . 
  the article that you quoted is an opinion article based on 1 persons opinion , not on facts . 
  the wikipedia article i quoted has facts which clearly show that this is n't a party that we , as europeans , should support . 
  also , i 'm not trying to say that the other 2 parties are better in any way . 
  balkan politics are a mess , but we should n't start supporting a party , because they look slightly less evil . 
  that would be like starting to support venezuela instead of north korea .
