knowing the swiss , they will probably blow them up themselves . 
  syriza was never against reforms . 
  what does this have to do with this post ? 
  maybe it 's a joke comment . 
  the same should apply for pretty much every small country . 
  estonia is not a special case in that regard . 
  i hope so too . 
  a balrog would be amazing . 
   in addition to the fact that they have gone from a primary surplus to a primary deficit under syriza leadership [ pretty inaccurate . 
  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/04/24/greek-budget-primary-surplus-increases-to-1-732-billion-euros-in-q1-2015/ ), 
  again ? 
  we 've had lots of moments of truth these past months . 
  when everything is in order you have all the time you want to relax . 
  these kinds of images are commonplace every time there are riots in athens but greece is still intact . 
  let 's not start jumping to assumptions . 
   maybe i 've visited too many southern and eastern european countries and i 'm comparing only with those , but sweden looks like a country that is very well-run . 
  we 'll really ruin the name if we join . 
  are n't they supposed to be buddies with russia though ? 
  are new accounts not allowed to comment ? 
  and since when are flairs mandatory ? 
  there are parades in a lot of cities . 
  problems are unavoidable . 
  to be fair he is a * former * general so he say pretty much whatever he wants , does n't make it a fact . 
  lots of former officials of lots of countries have said a lot of things that are not worth paying attention to or believing , so that should be the case here as well and not the frontpage . 
  the land of opportunity . 
  everyone can become anything they want . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  i used to live in patra , the biggest port in west greece with the biggest traffic to italy , and i would hear about instances where illegal immigrants were found inside truck compartments , beneah trucks etc , trying to get to italy all the time . 
  i remember at the entrance of the city , when leaving the highway , there are a bunch of traffic lights and groups of immigrants would try to sneak on trucks waiting for them to turn green . 
  many times the port authorities and the coast guard would find them dead in those hiding spots . 
  as far as i know the situation is the same . 
   southern europeans ' hard on for germanophilism . 
  hahahaha, 
  i see this argument you just made pretty much every time this table gets posted . 
  people are so bent on seeing the south as inferior in every way that they are finding excuses to discredit even official sources like this . 
   in some cities ( atleast chemnitz , not sure about others ) it 's dangerous to speak non-german at late evening/night . 
  seems highly unlikely . 
  amazing post . 
  totally worthy of the front page . 
   greece did n't implement austerity . 
   tsipras will continue to work for russia and against europe no , tsipras will continue to work with russia for greece . 
  get your head out of your ass , greece is now working against the union it is in . 
  greece suggested republic of northern macedonia , seeing as the country is in that region , a while ago but it was rejected . 
  oh this again ? 
  the same argument could be given for the ukrainian rebels joining russia . 
  i did read it but there is no mention of where you can see those videos or the interview . 
  the only new claim it makes is what a number of individuals reported . 
  it also says new evidence so i assumed it was something new . 
  got any links ? 
  are they going to publicize all this evidence ? 
  no , my countrymen voted for the government that just did this through fear mongering and threats . 
  and according to the last elections they do n't support austerity . 
  thank you master, 
  we 've got a shitload of water here . 
  yeah sounds pretty crazy allowing outsiders to have a say at something inside the university . 
  then non-students are probably signing for the construction of the buddhist temple . 
  will elections matter though if erdogan has made up his mind that he is staying ? 
  is n't hand holding a sign of friendship in many countries ? 
  based on the new anti-racism laws hate speech is illegal and it would get far . 
  gothic i and ii are gems . 
  i assumed that burning stuff means it 's not wanted . 
  why do n't the germans want the ecb in frankfurt ? 
  just because they can does n't mean they plan to . 
   what we should do indeed is hunt down those who caused the greece kerfluffle , and put them on trial , and make them pay for it . 
  [ it is already happening . 
  ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/prosecutors-proposal-for-papakostantinou-guilty-for-both-felonies/ ), 
  sanctions are most definitely not neutral . 
  it is but people have been really fed up with the same corrupt politicians being in power year after year . 
  these are new politicians that are showing promise and have started examinations for cases of corruption . 
  even if they do n't live up to all of their promises we will at least be rid of the filth that brought us here . 
  still iohanis has been in office since 2014 and syriza just one month . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see , but this far they seem to show promise . 
  whatever happens they are already better than the previous governments . 
  hehehe, 
  to be fair it was a different government a month ago and looking through this amount of money takes time . 
  i am still hopeful that this time actions will be taken . 
  no no you 've got it all wrong . 
  sweden is first in line , germany is just an easier target . 
  their immigration policy has always been along the same lines . 
  it does n't look like something new in an effort to create problems for the eu . 
  we are talking about greece though and not portugal . 
  in greece most of the money goes to repaying the loans . 
  98th of august . 
  now fix it in real life . 
  no greece :(, 
  money ? 
  in greece ? 
  maybe he 'll find some poor southern woman to settle down with . 
  yeah he is taking it rather hard . 
  that 's one bitter dude right there . 
  good answer . 
  better answer . 
  do not soil your mouth with such sounds . 
  `` do n't leave '', 
  apparently according to a bunch of prophesies , 80 % of turks are secretly christian so it 's all good . 
  i hated the vitriol in this sub for the duration of the crisis . 
  what would the anglo-saxon version of remain be ? 
  what did he get wrong ? 
  in debt . 
  at least there is a common theme to what people think of greece .
