  as it was created for the national interest of one member state , getting a rebate for the amounts due under it is in the same spirit as the policy itself . 
  i agree that the cap is shit . 
  the letter you are referencing predates the commission 's publication of its cmu plans . 
  i would n't pretend to know the file but my understanding of it was that they wanted to focus on different aspects of financing securitization vs bank financing ( i think ) than where things were headed . 
  there are many other files , such asthe refugee crisis/external borders , deeper police integration , the digital single market , the single market strategy , etc. . just because it is legitimate to work on the single market for services , does n't mean you have to stop all the rest . 
  as you rightfully pointed out , while this is the uk 's priority it is n't other countries ' so it makes sense to also work on stuff that others care about no ? 
  i disagree with a few of those . 
  * the uk wrote the single european act ? 
  are you for real , there were other countries than the uk at the negotiating table , claiming that the uk single handedly wrote it is incredibly presumptuous and plain wrong . 
  * i do n't think the 2004 expansion was a good thing . 
  * sure it does have large net contributions , there is no disputing that . 
  but they are less than they should be , thanks to the rebate , and as you know most of the money goes back to the countries anyways . 
  * i answered to that in the other post . 
  that being said i do agree that the uk contributes plenty to the eu . 
  the uk diplomatic service is actually much more cooperative and easy to work with than the uk government would have you believe . 
  also sorry , it appears i was editing as you answered , but to answer your point , how is that in bad faith ? 
  if a part of the eu people disagrees with the rest and is slowing it down , then it is great that it leaves no ? 
   i think the uk wants a different type of integration to the rest - ever closer economic and cultural union , rather than ever more governmental union . 
  exactly and it is therefore slowing us down . 
  i am excited about whatever the outcome of the referendum will be . 
  oh and to add to that , just because hill is the financial services commissioner does n't mean that the uk is alone on financial services . 
  you have several files on the way such as the cmu and the green paper on financial services . 
  he is not in a vacuum writing his own stuff and pushing for them alone ( also commissioners are not supposed to represent national interests ) . 
  saying that the uk is carrying that alone on its shoulders is just ludicrous . 
  the reality is that the uk just wants that but is dragging its feet on the rest while for most member states this is just one part of a package . 
  so effectively yes , it is dragging its feet . 
  he says the uk is slowing down the eu . 
  i think it is pretty clear the uk wants less integration than the rest , would n't you agree ? 
  i take that station everyday at about that time ... but i am sick today . 
   i 'd like a reformed eu but there 's no evidence of it even being an option . 
  well , we could have a deeper , more integrated eu . 
  hopefully that 's what we end up with after all this . 
  i work in the eu bubble and this is all pretty fun . 
  it is not about perfection , for some reason reddit consistently represent occitan as relevant . 
  it would make more sense to have the various chti patois or alsatian than occitans imo . 
  but not in france . 
   do keep however in mind that all anti-israel arab nations in the regions have already achieved the complete removal of all non-muslims , and certainly of all jewish people . 
  that 's not true , as far as i know there are still christians in lebanon . 
  red why ? 
  it is not like serbia will ever join though . 
  i am okay with banning all of those . 
  damn the finns love their guns !, 
  [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:12012p/txt ) you go . 
  you 're welcome . 
   because someone shot up people in your country with illegal guns not really , has nothing to do with terrorist attacks . 
   against your idiocy . 
  i do n't think guns should be legal and would support initiatives to ban them . 
  that being said i do n't feel strongly enough about it to campaign on this , relax . 
  not really , guns are painful man , i went painballing the other day and that shit hurts ... 
  well , i do n't believe owning a semi-automatic firearm is a right , so yes , i do believe the tradeoff is worth it . 
  lobbying . 
   because its not really about harm , its about perceived threat , and the balance of utility . 
  people get use out of their firearms , and enjoyment , whether or not you approve of it . 
  since they are legal , this has to be balanced against the actual level of harm , which overall in europe , is quite low . 
  it depends how you value that enjoyment . 
  i value it quite low . 
  obviously not talking about defence . 
  if you need a gun for your job , i 'm okay with that , but militia should definitively not be allowed . 
  in any case , i do n't see any reason for allowing a civilian to have a semi-automatic weapon . 
  sure , when there are no benefits no problem . 
   so what you are saying is that an incident like the one with breivik means that every semi auto gun should be banned ? 
  yep , no problem using any reason to ban guns . 
   so , let 's ban an entire category of weapons purely because `` muh feelings '' ? 
  sure , why not ban all guns ? 
  nah , the mood is very strange though and eery though . 
  i was walking around the center yesterday evening for a few hours with a friend ( in fact we left just a bit before shootings started ) . 
  there were some people in the street and ridiculous amounts of soldiers , police and biggass army vehicles . 
  there was also a bus parked in the middle of the street to block access . 
  trains are up . 
  my friend took the train to buges today . 
   like sharia4belgium . 
  what 's the point of putting a tank in the street if the door to the violence preaching mosques stays iuno , when i woke up an hour ago all my roomates knew about it . 
  we also saw they humvies rush to the european quarter yesterday . 
  to be honest i never go there . 
  i went once and it looked so much like shit i never went in the area again . 
  brussels is quite safe as long as you dont go to mollenbeek judging from my experience living here . 
  30 mins ago a series of humvies headed straight for the eu quarter . 
  additionally , there is clear increased police/military presence around the institutions . 
  so i would say so , yes . 
  technically we swap the pronoun and verb to make a question , in practice we do tend to skip that though . 
  i was ok with that law before and i am still ok with it now . 
  the president just announced he was declaring the state of urgency and is closing the borders . 
  additionally , he is bringing in the military in paris . 
  they actually say 5 or 6 on french radio . 
  it did rise already , they moved it to `` plan red alpha '' , the highest . 
  i did n't even know that existed . 
  they say 40 dead and 60 critically injured so far on france info . 
  edit : 42 is now the official number . 
  i think you mean efdd . 
  disagreeing with you = trolling . 
  nice rhetoric . 
  who mentioned paid prioritization , what i said is that there has always been network / bandwidth management . 
  take the example of peer to peer , have you ever used edonkey or the likes ? 
  how come you could download faster if you were seeding ? 
  is n't that network management ? 
  does n't that go against net neutrality ? 
  all internet companies and network operators have always prioritized some connections over others for different reasons , such as overcrowded network at peak hours , or to ensure their own services remained on . 
  you have yet to show any proof of that assumption . 
  how am i making stuff up while you are the one making blanket statements ? 
  [ tim wu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_wu ) invented net neutrality in 2003 ( yes i was wrong on the year but my point stands ) .
