i was very unimpressed , they announced a complete strike but only 1/3 of metros ran . 
  i walked to work for no reason . 
  i actually would not have noticed the strike had my roommate not reminded me . 
  not really , any rational person knows that it truely belongs to bretagne . 
  there are plenty of internship opportunities in the eurobubble . 
  just in the institutions alone , you have 700 trainees in the commission , 200 in parliament , 55 in council , 25 in the cese , and 20 in the cor . 
  except french people . 
  we need more of those . 
  that 's the kind of myths i hoped to see most . 
  not rants about the economy and peace . 
  i suppose you 're right , 
  brillant !, 
  would you happen to have a link ? 
  what was it exactly ? 
  technically the supranational/common interest = commission , while the ep = the people . 
  also , the ecj =\\ = eu interest . 
  you have to keep in mind that 94 % of the eu budget is spent in member states ( investments , projects , etc ) . 
  what you probably understand by `` the eu '' is the institutions and agencies who coordinate all and legislate . 
  this ( administrative costs ) represents what s left = less than 20 euro per citizen per year . 
  sounds better ? 
  that 's 89cents a day per taxpayer on average . 
  i feel like just the ability to not need your passport to go in holiday is enough added value for that amount . 
  honestly that in itself does not shock me , the idea is that if you want to attract and retain the best , you put money on the table . 
  you want your eu-officials faithful so that they are not too tempted to go work for the private sector/lobbies . 
  a more absurd waste is the strasbourg ep situation , and the luxembourg councils . 
  but they are political relics that are too hard to change . 
  i quite enjoy this european commission blog on the topic : http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm, 
  i 'll go first : the eu budget is enormous no , it is actually quite small when you consider the amount of people it administers and legislates for . 
  total government expenditure by the 28 eu countries is almost 50 times the eu budget , the eu budget is about 144bn in 2013 while the 28 mss represents over $ 6,400 bn . 
  no , this is public . 
  governments had been informed . 
  again , the readjustment was based on the numbers ms agencies gave to eurostat . 
  the numbers were then approved in committee ( this means approved by mss ) there was nothing hidden in what the com did . 
  the press just found something potentially juicy sounding , and cameron jumped on the occasion to try to get some voters back from ukip , acted outraged and shot itself in the foot by putting this mess on the frontlined . 
  i can confirm that we consider you as barbarians . 
  i was a bit annoyed by the constant references to dutch `` high cuisine '' i mean come on ... 
  the number is based on eurostat , which uses numbers given by the national agencies . 
  the uk govt was perfectly aware of what was happening . 
  the problem is that the ft dig to find and portray it assomething sensasional and released it right during the european council . 
  i 'm french and it bothers me everytime . 
  not really , polish vodka is really really bad . 
  no truer words have ever been spoken . 
  damn swedes are bad at humor . 
   guarantees a reasoned response from the european commission well , you also have to take into account that just ignoring the eci is considered an appropriate response . 
  i absolutely hate that they banned smoking from clubs and bars . 
  each bar should have the right to do what it wants , i know i would specifically go to the smoking ones . 
  they are banning smoking from the whole park , not specifically the play areas . 
  that means literally zero second hand smoking for children in the play area unless you go sit in it . 
  which does not happen . 
  it 's not all good imo . 
  well , this sucks ... first bars now outside ? 
  you should thank the russians for all the chemical weapons they dumped there !, 
  france really is a beautiful country . 
  well it is here . 
  negationism too is illegal btw . 
  has denmark ever been in a war ? 
   do you take everything efdd or mr farage says at face value ? 
  i do n't , and hence i 'm willing to wait for further relevant statements from others and especially from ms grigule . 
  why is thad bad ? 
  if he did that he used his influence to offer her a good deal , she did n't have to accept . 
  well played . 
  they need to find 1 mep from a country they do n't have , but they must also keep the ones they already had . 
  m5s is already looking elsewhere . 
  in paris : everywhere . 
  more like you are n't one . 
  period . 
  my bad !, 
  had the euractiv article open on another tab , got mixed up . 
  there was a debate in coreper , countries disagreed . 
  europolitique - europolitics has some free articles , and has very in depth analysis . 
  probably the best european politics newspaper out there . 
  euractiv is not so independant btw , each subsection is financed by `` sponsors '' for instance : the health section is sponsored by pharmaceutical companies . 
  if you want another eu newspaper , you also have european voice . 
  he asked for unbiaised . 
  comparative study of the 68ers and mai 68 mouvements . 
  ye , you would typically say aie , though ouille is technically appropriate i guess ;, 
  most of the french examples are terrible . 
  ron pchi , really ? 
   a quick skim , it seems that roaming iii only sets rates until 2017 . 
  meaning that there will be no roaming regulation restraining the providers from jacking up roaming prices after 30 june 2017 . 
  which is not the same as `` the end of roaming '' !, 
  see section 99 on page `` l 172/22 '' of http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2012:172:0010:0035:en:pdf if you read more carefully you 'll see that the idea is that roaming charges decrease in steps until 2017 ( when it should be around 0.5 additional cents per minutes ) , then there is a revision process . 
  if competition/the market has evolved in the right direction ( there is no roaming charges ) =  no more regulation , if not , new text . 
  on that , telcos have incorporated this in their planning . 
  it decreases their revenues ( marginally ) , but it is planned . 
  if you think they 're gon na jack up the prices the day the regulation expires ... well ... that would be an invitation to get their asses regulated to the ground ( for marginal profits ) , that wo n't happen . 
   but it was extremely popular ; it is going to be hard to go back on it . 
  first , sure , it was popular , but you have to consider that the amount of people who actually use roaming do n't represent a big part of the population . 
  it made quite some noise on the web , but most people do n't give a shit . 
  there is no `` going back on it '' , the text was not adopted . 
  it is actually very easy , you just need a coalition of ms against it , which there is . 
  again , there are much bigger issues than roaming in the text , to give you an example : spectre allocation = billions of euros in revenues for member states . 
  this text is most likely gon na die , but i have n't checked in a few months . 
  100 % chance that parliament 's draft will not be what is adopted though . 
  just btw , the roaming provisions do n't matter too much , because roaming iii already provides for the end of roaming by 2017 ( on the top of my head ) , it 's really a matter of couple years . 
  there are much more problematic things in the text , such as spectre allocation , consumer rights , single authorization , yaddi yadda . 
  it is some of those who are not acceptable at all to ms. for some more context , the text proposed by the commission was pure trash , it was drafted in a real rush and was adopted by parliament in a similar fashion . 
  it was proposed in september and adopted in ... 
  i wan na say march ? 
  that 's 6 months from commission to council .
