  besides the whole `` noone will recognize the catalan region thing '' thing , declaring independence unilaterally with just a majority is a very bad idea . 
  what about the other 49 % who voted against ? 
  what if all the votes come from some area ( let 's say barcelona ) and the rest of the catalan region does not want to secede ? 
  can mayors from cities who are against seceding stay with spain ? 
  for something big like seceding , a tight majority is just not enough . 
  i mean , obviously catalunia should not be in the eu if it secedes from spain . 
  that 's pretty evident , the signatory to the treaty is spain . 
  economic left/right : -2.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : 2.26 . 
  this poll is pretty bad . 
  economic left/right : -2.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : 2.26 but i agree , this test is shit . 
  i 'm guessin 90 % change that they 'll get the legion d'honneur . 
  it has long been common knowledge in political/media circles that he was on the creepy/rapy side . 
  what changed there was that the us parade people under investigation while we do not handle things like that in france . 
  what am i spreading lies about ? 
  please clarify . 
  i am talking from experience , it is pretty rare to encounter lobbyists who arent registered . 
  i also just want to point out that 2 of the four articles date back to 2008/2009 . 
  almost everybody is registered , ngos , consultancies , private companies , trade associations , non-benefits . 
  there is a big downside to not beeing registered and almost no downsides . 
  there are of course a few who are not registered , but people know who they are and it does not look good . 
  source : am registered . 
  just fyi , in reality those numbers do n't matter . 
  consensus/unanimity is the rule in the council ( + there is an exception to use the old numbers should a member state require to do so ) . 
  also , more fun !, 
  france is quite supportive . 
  those numbers are outdated son . 
  also foreign affairs is n't qmv but unanimity . 
  i think we are agreeing here , or rather i had read your previous point too quickly . 
  i do indeed speak for myself , what is your point ? 
  not really , that does n't really work . 
   that is not true in any aspect , particularly not in sweden where healthcare is practically free . 
  that 's the point , they cost to society ( healthcare has to be paid by someone you know ) . 
  i am absolutely against cannabis legalization . 
  it smells horrible and turn people into idiots , which inconveniences me . 
  but weed is the worst . 
  it smells really bad and people smoke it in public places . 
  i wish laws were tougher on it . 
  the tone of the article really does not help . 
  non-french on reddit insist that it is what we speak in the south of france . 
  everytime we try to correct them but they do n't care . 
  it is very frustrating . 
  jeez belgium , wrong week !, 
  germanyyyy < 3, 
  good call . 
  how do you know i am human ? 
  i might be a potato for all you know . 
  as a french working in eu affairs in brussels , do n't worry france is doing ok here . 
  we are on top of our shit . 
  hahaha, 
  yeah , but not all countries are equal . 
  why do you need to have an llb and llm to know eu law ? 
  that looks awfully complicated . 
  the text is dead . 
  i dont think you understand how state aids work . 
  no eu law was changed , the commission has to give its approval for state aids and that 's what it did there . 
  yeah no , leave us out of this shit . 
  but it clearly belongs to france though . 
  i live in brussels and i am positive that i live in france . 
  what do you mean ambivalent ? 
  as long as we put the atomium on the wallonia coin i think we 'll be ok . 
  i always went straight for the kiss when i lived in the us . 
  i loved the awkwardness . 
  also fuck the echr . 
  this guy sounds awesome !, 
  ghana has 27 million people , that 's a tiny bit more than croatia no ? 
  the article says she is running that is all . 
  do you know betteridge 's law ? 
  i would be very suprised , croatia is not relevant enough for that kind of posts ... 
  the rest can become russian citizens !, 
  how is he overrated ? 
  who rates him highly ? 
  what ? 
  why would they travel ban bernard-henry levy ... 
  please fucking take him , we do n't want him here !, 
  please !, 
  that would be because it is not a legal eci . 
  it has zero value , and therefore noone cares that there is no mechanism to stop cheating . 
  i think your issue is with feeding poison to cows . 
  do not worry , that is not what is being done . 
  gmos taste fucking great btw . 
  no it is n't . 
  no , this one has no legal basis , which means nothing will come of it . 
  also the european parliament hearing is not really the important part . 
  the important part is that com has to respond . 
  the petition has no legal basis , so it is irrelevant . 
  to be fair , your logical reasoning skills are about as advanced as those of a 5 year old child . 
  yes you are asking for much . 
  there would be no treaties ever if negotiations were open to just anyone . 
  you can get away with doing this kind of stuff with shit countries like uruguay , it is n't the same thing when you 're dealing with the eu . 
  because we use them to enforce what we want on weaker economies . 
  as we should . 
  it 's a bit more problematic when we have to play as equals . 
  why the fuck would we need to label milk of cows who got fed with gmos ? 
  this eci is not legally sound so it is irrelevant . 
  but on the online signatures , you have to provide your id number . 
  well , i like that he is doing them in swedish . 
  i get very annoyed that every country sings and presents in english . 
  i wan na hear songs in swedish , hungarian and polish :(, 
  [ yes ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/omjdwgze6ngls/giphy.gif ), 
  no , we take both and make the flems stop speaking their gibberish .
