  that is not what i meant . 
  what i said is that the fact that it is a negociated value facilitates a lot the job of the commission . 
  it is standard procedure to have a reduction when you cooperate though it is true that in one of the cases the reduction is quite big ( 50 % ) . 
  i myself find it more infuriating that barclay got immunity while it was the biggest offender , but it is the best way to fight cartels that we 've found . 
  btw , we are talking about the euribor and libor here . 
  they are kinda known to be bullshit . 
  i am surprised that they were fined in the first place . 
  those are actually big fines as far as cartels go . 
  obviously it was a negociated value , because they cooperated , they could have chose not to and it would have taken much much longer . 
  this is a good thing for the commission . 
  moreover , the point is to deter them from doing it again . 
  the point is not to kill those banks . 
  it both hurts them financially and makes them look bad , and whatever you say , banks do n't like that . 
  more precisely , the commission 's . 
  i am pretty sure all the romanians are supposed to come to france . 
  dunno about bulgarians tho . 
  but ... sunlight !, 
  also it slows down electric consumption . 
  i believe it 's the reason it was introduced in the first place . 
  what do you have against daylight saving time ? 
  well , on the first point , `` international french '' is parisian french , so it does n't work as well , but i see what you mean . 
  moreover , americans and arabs are not perceived in the same way . 
  second , you do n't know that the girl is american . 
  i have many european friends at school who are not american and whose accent sound closer to an american accent than to a british accent . 
  that 's just the way we ( many people out of the uk ) speak , sorry if it is n't your way . 
  i know the differences you talk about , i lived in the us for quite some time . 
  i do n't see what it has to do with that , it isnt particularly aimed at the uk , it is aimed at the whole of europe , and sorry , but it is easier to understand someone with a clear accent than using a narrator with a heavy polish accent . 
  at some point you got ta stop making everthg about the us , i really do n't think it was the purpose of this add . 
  also you can look at it the other way around , with a heavy british accent it would be very ironic for the rest of europe , as the brits are ... you know ... brits and eurosceptics ( im generalizing ), 
  meh , i 'm french and my english is american , i like the accent much much more . 
  international english is american . 
  as someone answered to that comment , just because the uk is in europe ( still is at least =p ) does n't mean we have to speak with a british accent . 
  i meant `` mep count is roughly proportional '' . 
  bigger countries get more votes , but it is in no way proportional =p, 
   mep count is roughly proportional to population and some people would be very uncomfortable with that ( the most populous country is ... germany ) . 
  what ??? 
  hardly . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't do that in finnish . 
  even on reddit i 've never heard of it . 
  as a matter of fact , langue d'oc ( oi ? ), 
  separatist movement ? 
  i like the german government . 
  it 's not the cheeze itself that scared me , but the preparation . 
  everything had massive amounts of fat/oil . 
  i remember trying a meal that was some sort of mix of cheeze , pur\u00e9e , lard ? 
  , and fat/butter ? 
  i tried to eat it , but it tasted like chewing gum dipped in fat . 
  pretty much everything i tried was dipped in oil/fat . 
  i left the country hungry =(, 
  i am very confused about the egg on paper . 
  though the food looks just like what i 've experienced from the little time i spent im sofia . 
  no offense , the country/city are beautiful , but the food , as a frenchman scared the hell out of me . 
  really . 
  result : denmark . 
  i did say the armed forces were important , that 's kinda contradictory . 
  not moreso than france , bretagne became part of france only in 1532 . 
  it still has its own flag and all . 
  wales became part of the uk in 1284 if my sources are correct . 
  well , the uk is just one country . 
  france too has regional parliaments . 
  this is kind of stupid . 
  you give 5 capitals to the uk , but only one to france , it is n't even in france and paris is much older ( though i guess it was n't the capital . 
  what about reims or soisson ? 
  france use to be many ethnies , we just shut them all down and made everybody french . 
  this map is bad . 
  i know how countries can join the eu . 
  you are talking about accession treaties . 
  we were talking about amending the treaties to accomodate such small member states . 
  that means changing the voting rules in the council , and yes , it would be a mess . 
  the alternative would be to not accept them at all =p whatever people stay , they 're pretty much italians , they 're represented by italy . 
  i highly doubt we would bother amending the treaties just for them . 
  they are too insignificant for such a hassle . 
  that 's my point . 
  they should not get representation in the sense other `` big '' countries get . 
  hell , even luxembourg has over 10 times their population and has arguably too much influence . 
  fuck that . 
  why would we want a town of 30k to have a seat in the council and even one mep . 
  that is a complitely disproportionate amount of power for a little village , and we have nothing to gain from them but some potential imbalance . 
  i know what subsidiarity is . 
  i 'm just saying big actions for big things , small actions for small things is proportionality . 
  subsidiarity is about whether treaty objectives are better achieved at the local level , national or supranational level . 
  the size of the measures have nothing to do with it . 
  that 's not what subsidiarity is about ... 
  i think you meant proportionality . 
  still , it has definite impacts on the eu legal order . 
  and again , what happens when the eu accedes to the echr and then the uk leaves it ? 
  of course it has to do with the eu . 
  the ecj treats the echr jurisprudence as its own , and the lisbon treaty allows the eu to accede to the echr . 
  in france it 's even worse , no polls are allowed to be published for like two ( one ? ), 
  days before election day . 
  oh , so that 's what i never see stars . 
  yeah , no it is n't . 
  half of the seats ( 299 ) are first-past-the-post from the first part of the ballot , the other half ( 299 ) is a sort of buffer so that you have proportional representation ( from the second part of the ballot . 
  but a party ca n't get less seats that it won in the first-past-the-post votes , if a party wins more direct mandates than it won in the second ballots , seats are added . 
  so , if you take into account the extra seats , for this election , you needed 303 ( according to you , i dunno the final results ) to have an absolute majority ( over 50 % of the seats in bundestag ) . 
  but no , nothing is set aside . 
  i 'm not sure if i answered your question , was that what you wanted to know ? 
  edit : did n't see your second question . 
  no , that 's not what happened , but you have to consider that the parties that did not make it in bundestag because of the 5 % rule represent something like 14/15 % of the votes ( on the top of my head ) , so 42 % is close to 50 % of the votes that actually matter . 
  did sweden have an election in the last 25 years ?
