  incognito mode works wonders . 
  faster internet will come . 
  but really , triple plays are around 25euros these days , it 's closer to 80 in the us . 
  bouygues and free are at 19.99 for triple play . 
  orange 's deal is cheaper than 55 . 
  so , you have to have the fastest internet , for free , with the best service , anywhere you want to live ? 
  guess what , it costs money and time ( and does n't actually make sense , but whatever ) to hook up every house in france , 
  actually no , we are amongst the cheapest in europe , while being the most heavily taxed ( which , you know , does n't help to cut prices ) the government is pushing hard to connect everythg with fiber ( including where you live ) and 4g , which does n't really make economic sense but whatever . 
  this means a lot of investments and the money has to come from somewhere . 
  what town do you live in ? 
  what operator ? 
  just because you got a `` bad '' deal ( i pay about half as you for good service ) and you 're not well connected does not mean the market is overderpriced . 
  true , i forgot that . 
  oh , well , a grandcoalition would prolly be preferable anyways , though they 'll fight over who gets to have their candidate as ec president . 
  it 's best to short circuit the uk if possible anyways . 
  traitor . 
  well , he does deserve to be tried for treason . 
  actually s&d can have a majority with gue , the greens and alde . 
  that might be enough to get schultz elected , though obviously when it comes to day to day activities it will be business as usual , a sorta grand coalition . 
  hum . 
  the greatest historical enemy is the uk , not germany . 
  germany just lost its way a little bit last century . 
  if anything , this event surely will push for more military cooperation , and maybe even an eu army . 
  the eu after all is a product of the wws and the cold war , it lost a bit of `` its purpose '' after it ended . 
  we just need to wait for winter to start moving . 
  you are confusing the government and the administration . 
  usually , the administration is controlled by the government . 
  do they have helicopters hanging around though ? 
  eu =  good ; thanathos =  death . 
  it means good death , in opposition to dying in excruciating pain . 
  it 's not a bad term . 
  i could see how the situation could be different in germany though . 
  euthanasia is the word . 
  what else would you want to call it ? 
  and so is your argument . 
  do we kill animal ( to eat them ) to relieve them from their pain ? 
  come on . 
  i hope you are smart enough to see how your argument does not apply here . 
  though i believe this is the most humane way to go about this topic , i hope i never have to deal with it . 
  there is now !, 
  i 'd love to see this happen . 
  thoughts ? 
  also , link in [ french ] ( http://www.notre-europe.eu/011-17713-vers-une-federation-europeenne.html ), 
  well , sure . 
  that 's how it works in france though , while the opposition can initiate legislation , it 's just a political statement ( since the legislation is never actually passed ) . 
  what you have to understand is that , in the case of the commission , you 're gon na have both sides of the political spectrum represented , and because the commission follows the principle of collegiality , you 're gon na have fairly center leaning policies anyways . 
  concerning the input of the parliament , it has been able to push forward its own agenda . 
  a lot . 
  without going into details , it all started with governments giving it the power to approve the budget , it used that to force gvts to give it more power over time , threatening to block everthg . 
  it is able to propose its own bills in a way . 
  through questions and recommendations . 
  finally , many people do n't know that , but the ep can vote a mention of censure , effectively firing the commission . 
  and it has had effect , it forced the dissolution of the santer commission ( the ep was going to censure it , so they chose to quit to avoid that ) . 
  additionally , the ep auditions eu commission designates and sometimes [ rejects them ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/priorities/bulgarian-eu-hopeful-bites-dust-news-223251 ) . 
  the ep has more input than many people think . 
  edit : sorry if this is not a very coherent post , i was writing things as i was thinking of them . 
  it probably should not be crossposter to other subs if you want to get a view of this subs populationthough . 
  the foreign language i 'm most comfortable in is english , but brits speak a weird kind of it , so i do n't think that would help . 
  hum , that 's what i was talking about . 
  i 'm not trying to trick you . 
  [ that 's what is happening for this election . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20140210ipr35560/html/the-2014-european-elections-this-time-it's-different ), 
  to be fair , in most government , the right of initiative is on the government , which is not ( directly ) elected . 
  while technically , independant mp often have some sort of initiative right , it is nothing compared to that of the executive/the government . 
  it is not that different from a standard government . 
   parliament may vote on a commission candidate the council presents , but not propose a new or different one with this next election the commission may be indirectly elected , just like it is in germany , the uk ( france , kinda ) . 
  that 's very flawed though , if you check the numbers bucharest 's population is pretty much the population of its urban area around 2 million , while for paris ' population ( also a little above 2 millions ) the numbers exclude the metropolitan area ( above 10 million , but the grande couronne = 5 million ) . 
  technically bucharest has a population even smaller than lyon , it just calls all the surrounding bucharest . 
  ** tldr : bucharest is actually not a big city at all , it just defines its metropolitan area as part of the city . 
  indeed , so much hate . 
  i do n't mind getting the french speaking lazy people =(, 
  it 's actually very complicated . 
  for instance , in some countries , insurance companies are taxed on their revenues , in others you tax the benefits ( when they are paid from the company to the client ) , in some you get tax exemptions in others you dont . 
  so it gets really messy and complicated ( and it would be very costly just to keep track of who owes who ) . 
  if you can sustain your family it can come . 
  actually it 's even better , your spouse does not even have to be an eu citizen , if you go to another eu country you can pretty much bring your spouse with you from anywhere in the world . 
  the idea is that if you could not it would have a negative impact on the ability to exercise freedom of movement for workers . 
  help yourselves . 
  we 'll take wallonia and brussels , you can have flanders . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  they 're allowed to stay if they are not an unreasonable burden , which means that they must be able to sustain themselves . 
  is powerful polan propaganda . 
  polan definitively cant into space . 
  this makes me all warm inside < 3, 
  not really , if you check you ll see that you have phases of expansion roughly every 20 years . 
  the last expansion being the largest expansion to date , it makes sense that the gap time will be even longer than that . 
  i meant it as the expansion to the east . 
  i 'm a big sad i 'm getting downvoted on all my answers . 
  i 'm a big eu fan , i 'll be working in the eu institutions soon . 
  just realist =(, 
  which further proves that the eu has to work on itself before growing more . 
  and it 's what it will do . 
  i 'm not sure why you linked that timeline . 
  it has nothing to do with what i said . 
  the eu needs to deepen , it does n't need to expand . 
  it 's not about the criteria , it 's also having the will to expand . 
  it 's not about anyone putting a veto , it 's about the threat of a veto , as i said in another comment , there wo n't be any vote until everybody agrees . 
  it is common to say that the eu goes through deepening phases and expansion phases . 
  we 've recently had the biggest expansion we 've ever had . 
  and it did n't go great ( or at least many are n't be happy ) .
