   the commission should pretty much be abolished . 
  why ? 
  the commission kicks ass , think of it as an executive ( it applies that laws voted by parliament/council ) that is not affected by day to day politics ( except it kinda is to an extent ) . 
   as should the cap ( and if we want to be sure of food security , we can make an fta with ukraine , and in future maybe include them . 
  if each country wants a strategic food independence , they have n't understood the whole point of the eu ) we have food security now allright , we make massive amounts of food just in france alone =p the thing is that it originally was a sorta deal between france and germany ( we protect french agriculture vs we make a market for german industrial goods ) . 
  anyways , i pretty much agree , but that is a matter for member states to decide , the eu institutions themselves have no say in the matter . 
   tobin tax on all financial transactions . 
  any country that refuses will lose free trade privileges , at least for trade in financial products ( i 'm looking at you , uk ) . 
  again , national governments through the drafting of the eu treaties do that . 
  the eu ca n't raise taxes on its own . 
  ( which i think it should )  auditor corps , to monitor and sanction against the formation and actions of cartels , especially in the financial industry . 
  [ http://europa.eu/about-eu/institutions-bodies/court-auditors/index_en.htm] ( european court of auditors ) i realize these are naive and impractical , but this is what it would take to put us on a right course , i think . 
  if you have specific questions i guess i can answer . 
   please tell me how i 've misunderstood what needs to be done , i 'd love to learn . 
  apparently they 're working on the [ digital thing ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/digital-agenda-europe ) already . 
  much of this is outside of eu competences and has to do with treaty reform and foreign policy though . 
  veto power on national budgets ? 
  that 's quite pushy !, 
  even the us does n't go that far ( i think ? 
  but he called finland north europe , it is norway that is `` not so shit '' . 
  [ looks about right . 
  wait so poland is not in the east ? 
  not yet =p, 
  well apparently you do in russia . 
  but not regional ones . 
  meh , remove all flags but the 27 . 
  i do n't like sy , sav is one of the lamest shit that 's been on tv in the last decade, 
  i was pretty proud when he headbutted the dude . 
  i always say hollande myself . 
  pays-bas sounds formal or smthg . 
  in french we call it the low country ( pays-bas ) but more often hollande . 
  gay marriage really . 
  it can be pretty hilarious honestly . 
  the first thing that comes to mind is defining markets . 
  i find the almost absurd length the case law tries to set rules hilarious ( well , maybe not hilarious , but silly at least , in an interesting way ) . 
  i remember this case that went into pages of explaining how bananas are their very own category of fruits and can not be substituted by things like apple and oranges , because their convenient shape and texture ( they 're soft ) makes them perfectly appropriate for the elderly and young and therefore are clearly can not be put in the same basket as other fruits . 
  ( i think that 's it anyways , had a few beers so i might be getting things wrong ) also , cartel cases are pretty exciting !, 
  my teacher used to be a case officer ( or whatever the title is ) in dg comp and would tell us how they would show up simultaneously in offices across 5 countries to try and find them `` smoking gun '' proofs . 
  it 's like lawyer csi !, 
  what ? 
  competition law is awesome , you monster . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  then 18 , i honestly have no idea about that , could be more could be less . 
  i do n't follow british politics much , we can even ignore the whole tories or labour aspect . 
  this was explained to me by an ex british diplomat . 
  the point is the uk can fix unilaterally the whole welfare thing . 
  yes , if you can sustain yourself . 
  this is not a victory , it was already the case and it does not really help the uk conservatives actually . 
  the problem with the uk welfare system has to do with the way it i set up . 
  the uk gvt wanted to create jobs so they created an environment that creates many `` shitty jobs '' but with a sort of `` universal top-off '' benefit as long as you work . 
  this means that if you move to the uk and find a shit job you automatically get the universal benefits for working . 
  and ... well they ca n't kick you !, 
  the uk can fix the welfare problem very easily itself , it doesnt actually have much to do with the eu . 
  well it has to do with the eu in that anyone can come and work in the uk , but the problem is that the way the welfare system is set up is shit in that context . 
  a good way to fix that would be to change the rules so that you only get the full welfare benefit after working for 2 years , except if you just left school ( and this could very well be a fix that the uk government will try to present as a win from the eu , but this is already possible ) . 
  the issue is that the gvt set up that system , so if they reform it it looks like they messed up ( which they do n't want , duh ) . 
  so they are playing the renegotiation card and will put their reforms as compromises they `` won '' from the eu . 
  you can be kicked out if you can not prove you can sustain yourself . 
  if you can ( which means you probably wo n't claim your benefits ) they wo n't kick you out . 
  they absolutely do , the case law is clear , if you want to settle somewhere in the eu you have to be able to sustain yourself . 
  and it never was the case , eu case law is very clear on that . 
  to be able to ( permanently ) move to another eu country you need to be able to sustain yourself . 
  there is nothing new with that ruling , that is already the case and this is consistent with the existing eu case law , as you can tell by opening any half decent eu law text book . 
  unlike what many people seem to think you can not just move to another country and start collecting welfare . 
  being able to sustain yourself is actually a pre-requirement for being allowed to move to another eu state . 
  you can travel all you want in the eu , but you can not just settle and start collecting . 
  i am not saying i am actually correct . 
  that 's just what i thought/have heard . 
  i was actually surprised to learn that the uk was getting new `` big '' carriers . 
  i thought they were a thing of the past , and the new thing was to have smaller more mobile carrier like the mistral . 
  i actually did n't notice there was kicking involved when i watched the video but did when i read the article . 
  apparently , whether or not you should beat your wife . 
  i 'm here . 
  what is the rn ? 
  though technically , as a brit , you just can not vote for epp because tories . 
  different countries have different system , and parliamentary systems are the most common in europe . 
  i had no idea he was not of french descent !, 
  i see a lot of terms that sound cool but do n't actually mean much to me . 
  could someone do a quick overview of what is what ? 
  as in , what is a destroyer/superdestroyer/frigate / battleclass/etc ... 
  i do n't understand/know the difference . 
  i know the difference between a submarine , a carrier and a fighting boat , but that 's about it :(, 
  i thought the uk was supposed to have the biggest european navy , is this accurate ? 
  would n't it be cheaper to have a trains and just have people get on the boat to switch trains ? 
  wait , you put trains on ferries ?? 
  can confirm , pretty proud . 
  well , not really , for constitutional changes you almost always need a sort of super-majority , and you would need the consent of the whole population . 
  just because a village decides it wants to secede does n't mean it should . 
  same applies to a region . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere , and if the result is millions of people being forced out of their country by a million people +1 you have an issue . 
  yep , i agree with you . 
  why so ? 
  i would support the spanish government . 
  serbia is n't spain . 
  noone gives a fuck about serbia . 
  what are you talking about , there is no independence movement in bretagne . 
  ok , maybe 1 % of the population but that 's it . 
  i have no doubt that the eu will side with spain . 
  hey hey , what do bretons have to do with that o0,
