  as a frenchman living in brussels i have no intention of learning dutch . 
  i also i make sure to use proper french . 
  the trick is to speak louder if they do n't understand . 
  oh damn is he awkward :p, 
  last years ' was great . 
  this is eurovision , we must n't strike for quality music but for absurdity . 
  i was actually a bit sad we got more than zero . 
  having 5 or some points is just unfortunate , but having zero points is actually a performance !, 
  i 'm so sad russia has won . 
  the swedish song was so boring ... 
  lol . 
  first , the european council is not an executive body . 
  in any way . 
  it does n't even take any actual decisions , it gives orientations . 
  or maybe you are confused and meant the council of the eu ? 
  secondly , no , they do not function as a cabinet at all . 
  it is a full fledged administration . 
  you are confusing the commission ( which is composed of dgs ( that you could assimilate to ministries ) that have a politician ( the commissioner ) overseeing them . 
  unless you are saying that each commissioner has a cabinet of 1000 people ( i am giving an average of course ) then yes , the commission is working as a cabinet . 
  in reality , it is a an administration like any other . 
   it functions a cabinet what ? 
  no it does n't . 
  the commissioners are just the tip of the iceberg , most of what it does is administration and support for the legislative process . 
  my point was that you do not elect the administration . 
  i got this idea by being involved with the council and having several friends working there . 
  you will notice that you never have `` close votes '' there is always quasi unanimity ( one , two , tops three abstentions or vote against ) . 
  when you do n't have unanimity it is usually just a way for the government in question to show back home that it voted against . 
  they also issue statements to the minutes for that reason . 
  in theory you can have a true qmv vote , in practice it never happens . 
  it is merely a tool to force countries to negotiate . 
  noone counts to get the qmv in the council . 
  this report is insightful ( check the unanimity vs controversy section ) if you want to understand voting patterns : http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/votewatch-annual-report-july-2012-final-7-july.pdf, 
  itt : eu noobs who have n't even read the lisbon treaties . 
  filthy casuals . 
   get rid of unelected commission , and the other stuff , make whole structure much much democratic and found real organs to let a real , federalized europe . 
  build real political structures for this / facepalm . 
  should we also get rid of national administrations too ? 
   the council of ministers is a political organ while the european council is a legislative one . 
  your idea removes the upper house and just create a political body with some more power than the existing one . 
  i think you meant the opposite . 
   you need 260/352 votes for the measure to be approved , so its perfectly possible for a measure to be adopted with several in objection . 
  wrong , in practice the council works by consensus/unanimity . 
   my system retains this balance . 
  the council still has to approve legislation for it to become law , and still does it by qmv . 
  states ' ability to hinder legislation is not reduced . 
  see above . 
  fair enough . 
  you forgot crimea in the blue area btw !, 
  yes . 
  i agree , it would cost much less to only speak french ... 
  but catalonia is not a member state of the eu , it is a region of spain and it is therefore up to spain to decide that . 
  god that was stupid . 
  i meant man as the general term for both men and women . 
  no , i live in brussels . 
  i work in the eurobubble . 
  i 'm actually trying to work there =p, 
  pas en france que je sache . 
  why does it need to be a woman specifically and not juts a man in general ? 
  going to mars would be cool and qualify as epic indeed !, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever go to mars myself though =( on the cancer thing . 
  we do cure cancer , or at least we have treatment for it . 
  this is n't magic , we wont just invent a pill that cures all cancer . 
  our age is not epic at all , it is quite boring . 
  too early to go too space , we explored all continents and there is no wars . 
  meh , i kinda disagree . 
  there are many measures announced ( though they are not finalised yet ) . 
  check that out if you want a more visual list of goals : http://ec.europa.eu/priorities/digital-single-market/docs/roadmap_en.pdf, 
  there are exceptions for schools . 
  yeah , no . 
  i just want to point out that the eu flag flair has 8 stars ... !, 
  i do n't find it weird , the idea has been around for a long time . 
  lol , how much does roaming cost you per year ? 
  actually , make it that per lifetime . 
  not everyone else , luxembourg strongly supports france on this issue , 
  cool anecdote : did you know that the treaty of rome ( the treaty founding the european economic community ) had been signed on a blank sheet of paper because they lost the originals and did n't have time to rewrite them in time for the ceremony ? 
  what a waste of money . 
  yes , i would . 
  i think we 're good . 
  let 's not expand ever again . 
  do people migrate to the czech republic anyways ? 
   i read it in the beginning of march , when they voted on it . 
  but the proposal dates to september . 
   the ep voted in april to protect net neutrality . 
  first there was much more to it than nn , secondly people were mostly happy about roaming ( which is still in the text for now ) , thirdly the ep 's opinion is not law . 
   everyon was happy and thought they would be cool and finally the eu will do something sensible concerning the internet . 
  not really , it was very clear then already that it was not gon na fly . 
  i was actually super surprised that a mandate was actually given in coreper given how it had been going so far lol  i never said that this proposal specifically fucks up our privacy or everything basically well , this has nothing to do with privacy , so i dont see why you would , i was just quoting you . 
   instead of screaming like a pussy that i do not understand what i 'm talking about when i link to the full text . 
  idiot . 
  except you didnt , you linked to the consolidated text , not the original proposal . 
   kindergarten could help you with reading comprehension , do me a favor and read what it says in the big box on the first page on the document you linked . 
  do you really need to insult me btw ? 
  the proposal was not drafted in march , it was proposed in september , then voted on by the ep in march . 
  i read the proposal several times , as well as all amendments ( not just the report ) and the council documents . 
  i know this text well . 
  the proposal is the one who introduced the idea of nn to eu law , so it is ironic that you portray it as fucking up `` privacy/net neutrality/everyhing basically . '', 
  the `` full one '' that you link is not in any way the full one , you clearly do not understand what you are talking about . 
  here it [ is ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:52013pc0627&amp;rid=2 ), 
   have a big say in who comes in the commission . 
  hardly a big say , if they reaaaally hate someone they can get someone else to be appointed .
