  * sparkling water in wine . 
  bad . 
  * riesling . 
  * wien is kinda dull . 
  * there is un stuff there . 
  * austrian girls are funto play with . 
  germans may have lots of brots , but they mostly taste like rock/nothing = / diversity over quality here . 
  glorious france . 
  i give it a lot of credibility . 
  this reminds me of this : [ a brief list of misused english terminology in eu publications ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/translation/english/guidelines/documents/misused_english_terminology_eu_publications_en.pdf ) that i read earlier, 
  what about the 1600 tho ? 
  only took you 6 hours too !, 
  how dya do that ? 
  i can type in both , but my keyboard is in qwerty , so it 's a pain to type accents ( i dont have the num pad on my laptop ) . 
  why the hell am i single then !, 
  they can confiscated and freeze microsoft 's assets . 
  on the top of my head it 's 4 weeks minimum . 
  about rule # 1 , dativ and genitiv beg to differ . 
  it has a lot to do with emphasis really . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  it makes my ears bleed . 
  not as bad as northern dutch tho . 
  it kinda does actually . 
  bullfightings are fun shows . 
  would be sad to see them disappear . 
  i did n't read the whole article , but i honestly do n't see why people are caring so much . 
  horse meat is indeed pretty good . 
  i guess passing it as beef is kinda douchy , but i do n't think people would care as much if lamb was being passed as beef . 
  damn 1 month old post o0, 
  what is he saying ? 
  he looks pweeetty badass . 
  i did n't say we were split over the issue . 
  just that i do n't like beckham . 
  it 's ok , you 're american =p, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't like beckham . 
  the ambassador to unesco said today that finland would give 2.3 million ( i think ? ), 
  to promote a free press in the arab world ( if i recall correctly ) . 
  source : was there . 
  does that include the tax returns or not ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  thanks . 
  75 euros per person ? 
  that 's really nothing ... id be fine paying two or three times that . 
  i meant go to the uk ... 
  best beer eva . 
  best beer ever . 
  indeed . 
  the infrigement procedures ( which i assume is what is going on here ) takes a loooooong time , and fines really are the last resort . 
  also , who would want to go live there ? 
  how about the ep ? 
  european citizens ' initiative ? 
  heads of states ? 
  blame the people , not the system . 
  the same applies to the population of any country about their national government though . 
  and then he ( and his cabinet , if you 're talking about the commission ) is confirmed by the european parliament , which you directly elected . 
  so because you 're confused it is n't democratic . 
  makes sense . 
  yeah . 
  which if fine or not , depending on your opinion on the matter . 
  you 're the second to talk about `` abolishing the commission '' . 
  besides the fact that it 's a key element of the eu , that is has the eu 's best interest in mind , and that it can not actually be `` banished '' without a change in the treaty so drastic that we would pretty much have to start all over again , i do n't understand why you guys want the commission gone ??? 
  what propositions ? 
  i did n't make any . 
  that 's pretty much how it is right now , except it is translated by the eu . 
  how do citizens do if they want to consult official documents then ? 
  we should have eu stormtroopers though . 
   exactly , a `` sort of '' , though not really . 
  the upper house should be elected , and should be elected in a different manner from how the lower house is . 
  ideally , the wards should span national borders and should represent a fixed population . 
  well they are technically elected . 
  anyways , we do n't really disagree so whatever . 
   english has won the cultural battle . 
  it is the de facto lingua franca though not de jure throughout the eu . 
  it does not mean the language should be made the only official language of the eu . 
  only 56 % of europeans can hold a conversation in a language that is not their mother tongue ( 38 % in english ) . 
  why would you impose a foreign language on people ? 
   i 've worked in two countries now within the eu . 
  from experience , there 's no unified tax agreement on who pays tax and where when living and working elsewhere within the eu . 
  all this is still handled by multilateral tax agreements between member states . 
  if i remember well , taxes are paid in the country shit is produced/where you work . 
   everybody here says that they want the parliament to be the legislative authority . 
  however , the parliament as it currently stands is unicameral , whereas most , iiuc , democracies have bicameral parliaments with the second chamber acting as an advisory chamber to make sure no legislation is being rushed through . 
  i think the eu needs a second advisory chamber before allowing the parliament to become the legislative organ of the eu . 
  it 's more like a bicameral system where the council is a sort of senate and the ep a house . 
   adopt english as the one and only official language of the eu . 
  uhhhh ... 
  well , the commission is appointed by governements of member states , so technically they are ( indirecly elected ) . 
  also think about it , how many of your governements ' ministers did you elect ? 
  none , they were appointed by your pm/president . 
  they are not elected . 
  moreover , they are also elected/confirmed into office by the ep . 
  the ep has in the past thrown out the commission ( santer commission ) , and got italy to appoint a new commissioner . 
  the commission serves its purpose , it represents the supra-national interest , the common good you could say . 
  a strong commission makes a strong united europe ( think jacques delors as opposed to barroso ) . 
  now we 're talking !, 
   parliament should be a legislative organ , not an advisory one . 
  it is a legislative organ under the [ co-decision procedure ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/codecision/index_en.htm ) , which means a lot of what the eu legislate as . 
  ( you can think of the eu as a kind of bicameral system for stuff that fall under this procedure , with legislation being initiated by the commission ) . 
  the eu system is quite complicated , there are many specific procedures for specific areas of legislation , but the co-decision procedure is more and more prevalent ( it was renamed ordinary legislative procedure ) . 
  something a lot of people do n't understand is that the ep has a lot of power ( it can make amendments more easily than the council ) .
