  what they did have a big say in is who the commission president would be . 
  it was n't a given though . 
  have you read the proposal ? 
  net neutrality is a minor aspect of this regulation . 
  you can easily find out who voted for and against in committee and plenary though , but since nn is just one of many aspects of the regulation it would not mean much . 
  what do you mean still work ? 
  have you even read the proposal ? 
  or the ec mandate ( nothing was adopted ) ? 
  i bet you have not . 
   the previous phase in drafting this legislation ended surprisingly well . 
  lol no , it 's a case study of how bad legislation can make it through for electoral purposes . 
  com poped it out of the blue without proper impact assessments and it was rushed throught parliament to have something cool to show before the elections ( roaming ) . 
  roaming and nn are not even the important stuff in the package ( which is why they havent been taken out by cl ) . 
  nah , it is pretty dead . 
  this proposal is a joke , hopefully the commission pulls it out soon . 
  and why would it want to do that ? 
  can confirm , smiled . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  for instance people use ordinateur for computer and will know what you mean by courriel but probably do n't use it . 
  the title was all i needed to know it was a joke . 
  i lived in the us for quite some time and decided to come back . 
  i have close family ( parents , bro/sis ) which is both annoying and cool . 
  it is really not as different as people say and i honestly feel at home on both sides of the atlantic . 
  i use to miss europe , and now i sometimes miss the us . 
  people often ask if there is a culture clash but i really dont think there is . 
  it is n't like going to live in china , congo or bangladesh . 
  so to answer the question , probably yes , but i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
  if you want a more native saying , you can go with geniaaaal or supeeeer . 
  no , just more natalist policies . 
  i iuno , it must be cultural or smthg , i really dislike german breads . 
  it is you . 
  got ta say tho , union jack sounds cooler . 
  this is n't the first time they do this . 
  they do it every now and then ; for instance they did it last summer . 
  lies , we all know that 's what it [ represents ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/extended_account/6802953060/ ) . 
  that 's very interesting , so turkey is the origin of the crescent ? 
  i figured it had something to do with ... 
  i do n't actually know , i 've always associated it with islam . 
  question : why is it called the union jack ? 
  i get the union part , but why jack ? 
  no , white was the color of the king . 
  no , but they have a few independent ( important ) treaties . 
  for instance they had a common market before the eu common market was completed . 
  in general they also have common interests and band together to make their voice stronger in the eu ( like the visegrad but more effective ) . 
  they often put forward common positions in the council of the eu . 
  it makes their voice stronger . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will sue in france . 
  and i would n't worry too much about forcing them to pay , there are plenty of ways to force them . 
  i have no doubts that fox entertainment has assets in france/europe . 
  she will probably win the lawsuit . 
  estonia has an army ? 
  so , like like ? 
  this is kind of irrelevant , you would n't have been able to do that anyways . 
  there is something called the fair use clause in the ( parliament 's version ) of the text . 
  it is just about roaming , if you live in a country you still could have only bought a plan from that country . 
  most countries . 
  it was not scraped . 
  this article is shit . 
  also , most countries are opposed . 
  no , they actually adopted a mandate to start negociating with the parliament . 
  not that it 's going to go anywhere . 
  this article is horrible . 
  no , you do n't usually change ambassadors after elections . 
  ambassadors are diplomats , they are supposed to stay out of politics ( they follow whatever their capital 's orders are ) . 
  for instance , sannino was not originally replaced when renzi came to power but sannino disagreed with renzi 's line and was not following his line , so he was moved to another less important embassy ( spain if i remember well ) . 
  the coreper ii ambassador . 
  so you have been to a native french territory then ... 
  today i had a hawaiian paniza , which is a panini pizza with pineapple !, 
  what do you mean in the 18th century ? 
   maybe in france . 
  no , not in france . 
  in brussels , in the european affairs ' world in general . 
  again , cockfield was a member of jacques delors ' commission , the fact that he was leading on the file does not mean he did it alone or himself . 
  as you said earlier `` it is normal to attribute an achievement by a group to the leader of the group '' . 
   there are several issues here . 
  except that jacques delors ( the president of the european commission at the time ) is widely accepted as the father of the single european act , yet you never hear that france wrote it ( it did not ) . 
  sorry , but in this case it is just plain wrong to say that the uk wrote the single european act . 
   i think it 's a bit tenuous to redefine an expansion of the eu as anti-eu . 
  once you start accepting arguments like that then it 's completely open for others to argue the same . 
  so , for example , an eu-wide migration system would appear to be an expansion of the eu . 
  and yet using a similar argument to the above ( that badly executed expansion is actually anti-eu in the long run ) it could be argued that such a policy would inflame right-wing anti-eu sentiment and thereby undermine the eu . 
  i agree with you , it should not be redefined as that and is not what i meant . 
  i was replying to your post listing the contributions that the uk made to the eu and meant that , in retrospect , that was not really a good contribution . 
  it has nothing with being pro or anti-eu . 
   the british did write the single european act . 
  specifically it was based on a white paper written by lord cockfield called `` completion of the internal market '' , presented in june 1985 to the heads of government of the member states in milan . 
  the white paper suggested 279 specific measures to realise the internal market . 
  the white paper became the single european act a year later . 
  by 1992 , 95 % of the measures in cockfield 's white paper had been enacted and 77 % were in force . 
  again , just because a uk commissioner is leading on a file does not mean that the uk is writing it . 
  the commission is a collegial body , when something is presented by a commissioner it is the position of the whole college . 
  just because bienkowska is polish does not mean that poland wrote the single market strategy , i do n't understand what is complicated to understand here . 
  to top that off , the commissioner is not even the one actually doing the writing , it is commission officials . 
   but it was undeniably an expansion of the eu . 
  this is where it becomes increasingly transparent that being labelled `` pro-eu '' does n't actually mean supporting the eu . 
  it means supporting your particular national interests and dressing it up in the rhetoric of european solidarity . 
  or you could see it as a dilution , the 2004 expansion was rushed and mistakes were made ( particularly dealing with the countries as a block as opposed to bilateral negotiations ) . 
  those now slow down the decision making process and make further integration harder making the eu a mere fta zone . 
   as for the rebate , it only exists because of another policy that should n't exist ( the cap ) . 
  the cap is largely an abuse of the eu process to subsidise france .
