  gah , you sent me in a search fury but i ca n't seem to find the exact timetable . 
  i have it at work . 
  they vote on july 1-3 , but the groups have to be formed a bit before ( like a week or so if i remember well ) , so they can do the dividing beforehand . 
  they do n't have a debate in the plenary about it , they just validate what has been decided before , imagine the mess that would be . 
  there is even less time than that for committee seats and chairs assignations actually . 
  not sure what he is on about though . 
  just a quick follow up . 
   i 've heard about the leaked draft but did n't know the proposal itself would be coming out . 
  seems weird considering the responses to the public consultation have n't even been published yet . 
  it also ignores the fact that isps have to invest , and need money . 
  it is in the commission 's work programme . 
  it was supposed to come out around now , but now it is off and who knows for how long . 
   i 'd say it 's more nuanced than that . 
  first , the isp business is quite lucrative ( i 've read some studies backing this up ) , but what is also important is competition . 
  if there 's no competition , isps are more likely to hoard the revenue rather than invest it . 
  this really depends on the countries . 
  sure it is lucrative , good margins , but the investments are collossal and really long term . 
  the situation is vastly different depending on the countries though . 
  in france for instance , the sector is kinda falling apart . 
  the prices are amongst the lowest in europe , 3 times lower than in the us . 
  at the same time , the french gvt chose to make france 's digital strategy all about optic cable and 4g ( 100 % of the territory covered , which that in itself is also a problem ... but that s another discussion ) , very efficient but very expensive , and well ... it costs a lot . 
   the ep position was for roaming to end by 15 december 2015 . 
  if council would even leave it in their position , then the roaming deadline will be 2018-2019 at best . 
  the roaming iii regulations introduced additional price caps and instituted technical measures ( decoupling obligations ) to make the roaming market more competitive , but did not foresee an actual end date for roaming , they wanted it to be more market-led . 
  you might be right , i think the 2017 deadline might be what the original ec position was about . 
  i prolly got mixed up the dates with the price caps . 
   which texts ? 
  the commission proposed the connected continent regulation in september , which was considered by all accounts way too late . 
  but i hear you when you say they mostly wanted to rush it through for political purposes ( `` i saved the internet '' or `` i killed roaming '' and whatnot ) , same for other files . 
  well , all of them really ... jack shit happened and then everthg got rushed through . 
  the dataprot regulation/directive , the measures for highspeed internet , the psi directive , and well , the connected continent . 
  but we agree anyways . 
   i 'm still convinced of my argument that it is council that is mostly stalling progress in completing the dsm - council is just more conservative by nature . 
  my point was just that , the texts barely made it out of the ep , you ca n't reasonably expect the council to have voted on them yet . 
   i 'm still convinced of my argument that it is council that is mostly stalling progress in completing the dsm - council is just more conservative by nature . 
  depends , i would ' t say it is `` stalling on purpose '' it is just harder to get govts to agree than to get individual meps , particularly cuz the ep can just pass shit with barely any consequences . 
  govts have people yelling at them afterwards =p ps : previous post was me at work . 
  make it two . 
  i knew it !, 
  i 'd love the uk to fuck off and let us do our thing honestly . 
  estimated final turnout in france 43 % ( higher than 2009 ), 
  seconded . 
  i do . 
   philippe and aur\u00e9lie sorry, 
  the small `` k\u00e9vin 12 ans , lvl 60 retribution paladins '' are all grown up now < 3, 
  lol , i 'd love to see who they put in the eurosceptic group to get those numbers . 
  it does n't seem biaised at all , 
  negative : cold people just like the climate , pretty boring , women wear the pants and men are pantsies ( ironic for the sons of the vikings ) and socially awkward . 
  positive : pretty , blonde and tall . 
  also they are pretty rich . 
  juncker was definitively not good , and i absolutely think it had to do with the language barrier . 
  i met him once with other students , when he was still prime minister of luxembourg , and he was very well-versed and funny , but it was in french . 
  while he speaks ok english , he really did n't seem at ease with the debate format in english . 
  verhofstadt was awesome , and schultz much more likeable than what he usually appears as . 
  keller was a fucking carebear though , i cringed . 
  spot on !, 
  the dude at around 2.20 sounds like he could be coming from some french village where they do n't articulate . 
  the tonalities sound super french but it makes no sense . 
  those guys sound nothing like the ones in the video you posted before , how come ? 
  those dont sound as french as what i remember ( though they sound less russian than other portugese ) is this the accent from sao miguel ? 
  ( maybe those are from sao miguel too , but the other ones i saw sounded so french i felt i should understand what they were saying but nope ), 
  well yeah . 
  whatever the official reason , good move . 
  yes , there were some problems =( were still the best at nuclear powerplants though . 
  german . 
  i forget it so fast when i do n't pratice though =(, 
  it depends actually , azoreans sound very french , it 's really weird . 
  but yes , for the rest of portugese your description is spot on . 
  sayonara is originally japanese actually . 
  i love german but dutch just sounds really gross to my ears . 
  also , we 're the ones building their nuclear powerplants . 
  ohhhh youuuuuuuu < 3, 
  i know , i have read the judgement and i realize how a directive works ... 
  i just meant it doesnt kill `` all nation-level ambitions at data retention '' . 
  about isps , unlike what you probably think they would love to delete it all , it costs quite a lot to keep all that data for governments ( they are not allowed to access it themselves , they just have to keep it in case the govt wants access ) but doing so might infringe national laws ( if they still stand ) and they can get in trouble with the govt , on the other hand if they do n't they can get in trouble with eu law , not a good spot to be in . 
  so right now most are waiting and asked gov ` ts to clarify what they re supposed to do ( if national law stands , if they 're gon na change it , or if it is just dead ) . 
  there is already one [ on its way ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/;jsessionid=fvvktgcgq1rwr6yqlwfd6hgphtjypvjx2y8k2skh1phkhp6yybz3!-1826493013?uri=celex:52012pc0010 ) that deals with that technically, 
  it kills nothing . 
  technically the judgements does n't say data retention is illegal , just that in this particular directive , the way it was handled is unproportionnal . 
  ( the reasons for collecting this particular data , accessing , and the time of retention ), 
  in france it depends if you live in a very dense , dense , or lowly populated area . 
  in very dense areas all operators have their own network up to the door of the building . 
  then the buildings ' network is mutualised . 
  in dense , usually one or two operators , but the network is mutualised , the other operators are allowed to use it for a fee . 
  in low populated areas the states helps pay for it , ( so it s like half and half and gets kinda funky ) or noone would go there and it is also mutualised . 
  the point is the state puts rules ( the guy who builds the network has to allow the other operators to use it , for regulated fees ) in place so you have competition in place , and there is a lot of competition . 
  the prices have never been lower ( around 20/25 euros for triple play ) and there are massive investments needed . 
  ps : i simplified a bit , but in short most people have access to most operators . 
   it 's always a balancing act to weigh the freedom of the individual against the interests of the rest , and there never is an objective answer . 
  it 's my opinion that information , like electricity and water , must be free of any form monopoly or oligopoly to ensure a thriving and free society . 
  except in some types of industries you need big actors to be able to make massive long term investments . 
  it 's about economies of scale , it is just not viable for small companies . 
  the problem is oligopolies , when they make trade deals . 
  not having few actors . 
  if things are transparent , if customers know what they are getting and as long as you have several options and know who is offering what competition will do its job . 
  you just need the nras to do their monitoring job . 
   then they have to change their business model . 
  easy of you to say . 
  the point is money is needed to make the investments to create the networks . 
  governments do n't want to do it but they ask the telcos to invest and create the infrastructure .
