  i dont understand anything of the characters you use there :(, 
  it 's a bit sad for the countries who make fun of one of their neighbors but dont get the attention back . 
  i do n't think he is disagreeing with you . 
  the `` pretty '' in pretty brutal does not mean that it is literally pretty , it is a qualifier to acknowledge that it is indeed brutal . 
  there are actually a number of those restrictions already in place or in deployment ( right to modification , to be forbidden , to portability , to information etc. . . ) . 
  also , personal data already can not leave the eu unless some legal tools are used . 
  it is personal data only when you can link it to an individual 's identity . 
  the directive/gdpr only apply to personal data . 
  so you admit that it is just about not being associated with other eastern europeans/russians . 
  how ironic when a third of the estonian population is russian and russia is both more to the north and east or estonia . 
  estonia may very well be a country that happens to be more north than most , but its primary characteristic is that it is eastern european . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  central europe would be around germany . 
  finland is northern europe . 
  i do n't understand what is so complicated , just ask anyone who does n't leave in eastern europe and they will tell you that . 
  it is very clear that estonia is eastern europe , why do you hate your fellow eastern europeans so much that you are trying to distance yourself ... 
  no , it is because eastern europe starts east of germany , 
  to be fair though , americans are the true inventors of pizza . 
  you missed an opportunity to use the word pleonasm and sound smart . 
  i know a great deal about the countries east of me , and this is my informed decision . 
  for instance , germany and austria are not eastern europe . 
  how about the demographic center ? 
  really not attached to it being in france by the way . 
  i said this in jest , the center of europe is is more germany in my opinion . 
  i 'd say i 'm pretty knowledgeable on the topic . 
  it is literally my job to explain how europe works to people . 
  to be fair , noone calls anything central europe except eastern europeans who dont want to be called eastern european . 
  it surely is about culture and estonia fits in the eastern europe box . 
  because it is more to the north . 
  got ta draw the limit somewhere . 
  [ these bears ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bearmarket.asp ), 
  what do you mean an empty claim ? 
  you are definitively in the east of europe . 
  you border russia and are even further east than poland ... 
  there is no way you can seriously think you are not part of eastern europe ... 
  europe 's center is the franco-german border though . 
  they are . 
  estonia is definitively and eastern european country though . 
  that is incorrect . 
  they repaid 25.7 mn euros , the money was recovered in july 2016 by the netherlands ( it was published in the regulatory press ) . 
  they did however appeal . 
  it 's actually quite impressive how successful those natalist policies were . 
  is it only abortion policies who had that effect or were there other policies involved ? 
  you 're actually quite wrong , he is very experienced in eu affairs . 
  in addition to being in the foreign office , agriculture ministry ( + a couple more ) in france , he was commissioner for ten years ( 5 years as the internal market and services commissioners , one of the most important posts , and 5 years on regional policy ) , would have been the commission president if juncker had not won , is currently an advisor focusing on foreign policy and security . 
  he is very much an experienced politician . 
  at eu level he was in charge of re-regulating the financial sector and is actually quite knowledgeable of this ( more than the uk side who technically has not appointed a financial expert yet ) . 
  he is hated by the city for that . 
  additionally , he is a convinced europhile . 
  so , back to your point , it is quite the opposite , the uk side really has to get its shit together , because barnier has much more experience at this than them and has the connections to get things done . 
  this was quite a smart/powerful move from juncker , and you can see that from the reaction of the uk govt who stressed in its reaction statement that they looked forward to work with the council , member states and the commission , implying that he was just one guy amonst others ( ie . 
  they would rather not deal with him ) . 
  well , i disagree with you . 
  it is extremely likely that the commission will be leading the negociations , even staff in the council and permreps are convinced . 
  for now he is indeed in charge of his taskforce to prepare the work , but juncker by appointing such an experienced politician ( as opposed as a civil servant like seuws ) is sending a strong message . 
  there is no reason for him not to be the formal negociator once the process is formally triggered . 
  well , he is not technically the eu negotiator , he is the chief of the coordination taskforce with the commission . 
  it is a bit more long winded , article 218 specifies that the commission submits recommendations and the council actually adopts the decision nominating the negotiator . 
  that being said there never was any doubts that it would be the commission doing the actual negotiations while the council will draft a mandate , as / u/jtalin says . 
  seuws , the head of the brexit taskforce in the council only has a 4 man team , there is no way he could or will do the actual negotiating with the uk . 
  fyi : the relevant texts are below . 
  article 50 teu 2 / a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  article 218 tfeu 3 / the commission , or the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy where the agreement envisaged relates exclusively or principally to the common foreign and security policy , shall submit recommendations to the council , which shall adopt a decision authorising the opening of negotiations and , depending on the subject of the agreement envisaged , nominating the union negotiator or the head of the union 's negotiating team . 
  about fucking time . 
  it won ' be that , as you said it would be a logistical nightmare . 
  i heard belgium would take it over . 
  i heard belgium was taking it . 
  so much is wrong in this video = /, 
  you 're also the country that takes the most anti depressants . 
  ca n't you just be happy for them then ? 
  never said anything about investing in france , they can go to frankfurt , milan or amsterdam for all i care . 
  brilliant , ca n't wait . 
  why would he not ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  what the parent said is true , member states are the ones who do the negotiation , who ratify and who have the final say in all eu legislation . 
  cameron just did his little show and annoyed everybody else with his petty problems like they were the most important thing in the world . 
  there wo n't be treaty changes , not because the commission is blocking anything , but because you ll never have unanimity to agree to the uk 's bullshit . 
  no , cameron got noting . 
  that sounds awesome . 
  # 3 please !, 
  real pizza is american though . 
  bravo, 
   netherlands could beat us overnight in quitting nuclear power quitting nuclear is losing , not beating . 
  of course , i meant in eu circles . 
  dutch is just not a language used despite the fact that we 're in brussels ( as opposed to french ) . 
  of course some people speak dutch here , just not that common . 
  i work in the eu bubble , can assure you virtually noone speaks dutch . 
  ( i think someone spoke dutch to me only once or twice in a few years ) . 
  french is almost mandatory though . 
   sorry , but `` studied/work in eu affairs '' argument is just laughable . 
  never used this as an argument , just why i do n't plan on reading the wikipedia page . 
   i 've linked only two single-page wikipedia articles . 
  the third one shows you were completely wrong on the initial issue , but again you `` do n't know why i have posted it '' . 
  sadly though , seems you refuse to read any of these . 
  that 's why this will be my last response to you - no offense , though . 
  by original issue do you mean western eastern european ? 
  if so that 's very funny , thought we were arguing central europe vs eastern europe term .
