  i never said we were attacking russia ... 
  i just said it is technically possible for the eu to lead military actions if a eu country calls for its help ( it can only use forces put at its disposal obviously ) . 
  way to be aggressive for no reason . 
  actually , if a eu border state calls for help the eu can take the lead on military actions . 
  article 222 of tfeu , it got `` switched on '' about a month ago . 
  we 're prolly gon na have to cancel that one , which will be a massive problem for france . 
  if there are any french people on board there 'll prolly be public outrage , and the govt ll have toback down . 
  you can say whatever you want , but that s still a 1.4 billion contract , many jobs involved and the french govt will have to foot the bill , which is why they did n't cancel it . 
  i think he meant something like she could have been on the plane . 
  actually no , they were the ones who gathered there , closed the entrance and started breaking down shit around , while at the same time attacking the protests leftovers and retreating to the synagoge : which got the crs to come . 
  the `` horde '' is the protest , they were running to them to taunt and beat them , then retreated behind the crs . 
  they were actively trying to start shit , not defending anyone . 
  there is also another video of them yelling niggers and dirty arabs , and throwing shit over crs . 
  very nice caring people . 
  it 's pretty clear that the ldj started shit ( as they love to do ) . 
  that 's pretty shit ... well , at least in france you ca n't deport a citizen . 
  ever , for anything , except if there is a european warrant arrest and the infraction is also punishable in france . 
  the data in question is an irish email account used by someone in a drug traffic case . 
  so the us could legally get email data from anyone it suspects might be infringing us law . 
  lol . 
  no it is not . 
  it is related to a drug traffic case , they want microsoft to disclose the content of a particular msn email account . 
  did you even read what this was about ? 
  the eu has strict data protection laws ( and stricter are being passed ) that regulate transfer of personal data to third countries . 
  this is in clear conflict with eu law . 
  they are not . 
  it is an american corporation but its servers are located in ireland . 
  it is akin to american cops going to your beach house in ireland to get documents that are there . 
  it does not have the jurisdiction to do so ( well i guess it declared it has it now ) . 
  more problematic is the fact that the us can subpoena american corporations to get eu citizens data , stored on eu soil , that they might have . 
   would you guys be as outraged if it was the european union subpoenaing airbus or volkaswagon to produce possibly incriminating e-mails that would indict them on corruption/antitrust charges at home even if they were stored on american servers ? 
  actually in cases of antitrust charges that involve other countries , we work with the authorities of said country . 
  we ca n't force them to do anthg about stuff stored on american servers . 
  there is . 
  the ljp very clearly triggered it , they were even boasting on twitter the day before about how they were gon na kick their palo asses . 
  also during . 
  this is bullshit , the ldj tried their hardest to provoke people at the protest , and then spinned it around . 
  they are the source that was originally quoted in the media . 
  there are videos on youtube where you can clearly see them throw shit and call them arabs and niggers . 
  some sources ( from both sides ) http://www.islametinfo.fr/2014/07/14/synagogue-de-la-roquette-temoignage-2/ http://www.ujfp.org/spip.php?article3321&amp;lang=fr, 
  i believe in the explanation he says they dnt mind being a sorta autonomous region withinsa . 
  they exist but are not part of paris . 
  you 're thinking of \u00cele-de-france , which is 1/4 the size of austria , or 10 times that of london , and you can hardly call a city . 
  not my opinion , it s a fact . 
  the suburbs are seperate entities . 
  paris has very clearly defined borders though, 
  also on the june 26 the council adopted article 222 or the solidarity clause . 
  it says that upon request , the eu shall mobilise all its got , including military ressources made available by member states . 
  that s pretty neat !, 
  that s outside of paris . 
  what dya mean by blob and consumed ? 
  i live there , feels fine . 
  paris is super regulated , and organized ... unless you mean 500 years ago i rly dont know what you re refering to . 
  buildings cant be above a certain height , and shit that was messy got torn down to make big arteries 2 centuries ago with hausmann . 
  that and the public transport network is very good . 
  i d say indians have it pretty good here . 
  we just really dont have many and they dont cause any trouble . 
  people just do n't rly think about them . 
  what dya mean wo n't become paris ? 
  you even built a mini-versailles !, 
  it sounds like franconia should be french =(, 
   parisian are looked down upon by anyone not from paris the reverse applies too though , non-parisians are peasants !, 
  as a parigobreton i never know how to feel . 
  i just really love that a place is called lolland . 
  everytime i remember it i smile . 
  none of those ring a bell . 
   we all do that ? 
  citation needed . 
  enough to be annoying , not all obviously . 
   there are social ways to avoid those smells without needing laws to get rid of them . 
  it is an effective way though , so i embrace it . 
  the directive is pretty sound , in short , vapes should be regulated as tobacco products , which makes sense to me . 
  this has big implications in some countries like france , where tobacco sale is a state monopoly and so you have to get a license from the state to sell it . 
  vapes escape that rule right now . 
  i myself hate vapers , because they think that it doesnt bother anyone because there is no smoke , and so they fucking smoke anywhere inside . 
  i personally hate the fucking bubblegum/apple/insert random smell more than the smell of smoke and i welcome anything that can slow the growth of these shitsmellingsticks . 
  good lord , these people are still alive ? 
  the guys who made it are students , not bureaucrats . 
  the point was to try to get our own ices accepted by the commission and as far as possible . 
  obviously they felt more concerned and implicated themselves more in the whole thing than me though =p, 
  from the website :  cannabis is becoming more and more controversial .  it means that this question mobilizes very different kinds of actors such as citizens , politicians , economists , medical experts , scientific communities , jurists , societies , firms , the police ( and much more ) confronting arguments , views , positions , facts and ideas obviously different . 
   the issue has f ar from unanimous support . 
  that 's the definition of debate . 
   the confrontation of arguments in the european public space by all parts of society is the fundamental roots of democracy . 
   in the context of a growing democratic deficit in europe , we need to engage in a societal issue which could create debate and by extension open a democratic space at eu level . 
   let 's talk about controversial issues such as cannabis to bring the eu closer to citizens and to promote this new mechanism , unknown by common citizens : european citizens ' initiative . 
  it is about that , but technically it is not a competence . 
  it was just a way to get around that . 
  that 's what i told the guys who made it . 
  if you read though , the petition is about `` starting a dialogue '' , not about decriminilizing anthg ps : shameless self copypasting . 
  that 's what i told the guys who made it . 
  if you read though , the petition is about `` starting a dialogue '' , not about decriminilizing anthg . 
  holy shit , hahaha . 
  i was in the classroom when this ice was created ( to try out the ice system ) . 
  i 'm the one who made up the name as a joke !, 
  had no idea it took off lol . 
  yeah it sounds about right . 
  i agree with all these quotes, 
  i thought it was hilarious, 
  they can form groups after that i believe , they 'll just be too late to get presidencies and good seat on committees .
