  because if so i have n't heard of it . 
  you might have a king for all i know . 
  absolute mehrkelheit . 
  holy shit that 's slow . 
  you got 7 hours to sign if you want . 
  it 'll then be sent to euractiv . 
  yet . 
  woohooo france is above the uk !, 
  take that small island !, 
  heathrow sucks . 
  fatties in miniskirts . 
  terrible food . 
  i hate donuts with a passion . 
  they 're so sugary i cant even handle a bite without wanting to puke . 
  and yes . 
  this is a horrible map . 
  that 's what it sounds like to me =(, 
  yes , that 's probably the right spelling !, 
  the shit you say when you drink . 
  what i got from budapest and my magyar friends ; * girls are hot as hell < 3 * guys are n't < / 3 * people are really nice , and try to help foreigners * english is n't their strength * hot baths kick ass * hungarian makes everything complicated in hungary * hungary is flat * hungarians love to rank stuff : they have the biggest lake in europe , the third biggest building ( i think ) the oldest subway ( istanbul disagrees ) , etc. . . * agadegachinadra * tokai * paprika, 
  today in berlin , tomorow in poland . 
  no you do n't . 
  i 'm in paris right now , it 's so lonely , ca n't wait to get out like everybody . 
  only the tourists are left ( and they 're reproducing ) !, 
  it is pretty much july . 
  summer months = holiday months = longer than working months . 
  france : nothing . 
  it 's august , france is turned off . 
  he is really smart tho !, 
  and it s not like you have a huge pool of politicians to draw from !, 
  oh , that 's sad , i met him , he is a cool funny dude . 
  this is all for show , we are amongst the biggest spies in the world ( particularly for our size ) , right there with the us and uk . 
  we just tend to be more discreet about it , and we did n't get caught . 
  worth it !, 
  that 's ignorant to say . 
  you clearly have no idea of what you 're talking about . 
   did anyone here vote for the eu commission ? 
  the commission is appointed by eu govts and approved by the parliament , which were elected by the people . 
  in parliamentary systems ( most of the eu , and the world 's democratic systems ) you do n't actually vote for the executive , but for an assembly who then elects a govt , this is actually more than the norm in the eu for the elective . 
   did the citizens have a vote on the strasbourg parliament ? 
  yes , the citizens directly elected the parliament in strasbourg . 
  just because you did n't bother to vote does n't mean it was not elected . 
  technically it is even more democratic than other parliament , because even foreigners ( eu ones ) can vote for their local mep . 
  moreover , unlike in some eu countries , the governemnt can not disolve the parliament ( think france , the uk , germany ) . 
  the voice of the people is supreme . 
  moreover , the council also is democratically elected , well , appointed by the people you elected in your country . 
  ( just as your ministers are ) is it absurd to say the eu is not democratic , the problem is that the eu is bad at pr , everthing is out in the open , but people do n't know about it/don ' t care . 
   did the people of europe held a referendum on controversial issues such as cap ? 
  lol , the cap is a remain of older times , and is getting drastically changed ( they re transitioning out of what makes it bad ) . 
  it is part of a bargain , without the cap for instance , portugal would have gotten a shit ton less money ( think structural funds ) . 
  i do n't want to go into details here , yes the pac sucks , yes it should be changed . 
  it is actually being changed ( and has changed a lot over the last 5 years , but i guess you do n't know that because you 're talking out of your ass right ? ), 
  it 's easy to wave around words like technocracy , undemocratic , etc. . . but check your facts . 
  it does n't ? 
  it should continue though . 
  it makes sense to spy on people . 
  yeah , i dont understand why people are making a fuss about all this itelligence crap . 
  did they really think govts were not doing that ? 
  how naive can you be ? 
  it 's gon na happen whether or not they bitch about it . 
  grow up , get over it . 
  those things are french =(, 
  6 euro for a 0.5 beer is nothing out of the ordinary in france . 
  can get up to 10 euros in nightclubs/bars, 
  god they look pathetic . 
  lol . 
  me too < 3, 
  i support independance cuz it ll annoy the brits . 
  also the uk will be smaller and france wins . 
  it 's only a formal request , the second of the 7 steps of the infrigement procedure , who are : \u2022 an informal letter to the member state ; \u2022 a letter of formal notice to the member state that it is in breach of eu law ; \u2022 the submission of observations by the member state ; \u2022 the issuing of a reasoned opinion by the commission setting out the breach of eu law ; \u2022 a period for the member state to comply with the reasoned opinion and submit observations ; \u2022 referral to the court by the commission ; \u2022 judgment by the court . 
  the average procedure is 23 months long . 
  we got pleeeeenty of time . 
  edit : apparently according to another article , they sent the formal request 2 years ago . 
  there are wayyyy more tho . 
  holy fuck that escalated quickly . 
  dude that 's so weird . 
  it feels like i should understand , but i ca n't . 
  sounds like quebecois kinda . 
  that s not really nice to us , i can understand absolutely nothing of portugese ( even tho it 's pretty easy to read ) :( it really does sound like some sort of weird russian though , 
  not really . 
  i lived in america for 6 years . 
  not sure what you mean by me being pretty fucking angry and reactionary . 
  dude . 
  horse tastes mad good . 
  because they wont sell as well there because incomes are lower ? 
  there is nothing illegal in not releasing a console in a country . 
  if microsoft only sold the xbox 1 in france , there would be nothing illegal , as long as they do n't prevent them from being resold somewhere else . 
  what is it ? 
  are they only selling the xbox one in these regions ? 
  or is there an actual lock that prevents you from using it in one of those countries ? 
  because if it is only the former , there is nothing illegal about it , since people can just buy it them in one country and go sell it in the others . 
  microsoft has a history of not giving fucks about the eu 's rules though . 
  i believe they ve had about $ 1.5 billions in fines as of yet . 
  it really isnt that bad , just not so much my taste . 
  rereading my msg it looks like i hate austria , not the case , i was there last year . 
  had my bday at flex !, 
  god , i hate those . 
  the first time i got one i thought it was a fake . 
  then i tried to use it to buy cigarettes hoping he wouldnt notice it was a fake . 
  was happy i got away with it .
