  operators have always managed their networks to optimize flows the way they feel like . 
  let me rephrase : net neutrality as a concept was invented then and never existed . 
  and based on what do you say that ? 
  have you ever been in the negotiating room ? 
  trust me ( or do n't ) the uk 's voice is quite important , if not necessary , on any legislation adopted by the eu . 
   net neutrality has been around since the beginning of the internet . 
  it 's what made the internet great . 
  wrong , the concept was invented in 2010 . 
  overturning a piece of legislation essentially means making a new legislation that says `` this other legislation does not apply anymore '' . 
  it is the commission 's prerogative to initiate legislation . 
  there are exceptions in some areas ( judicial cooperation in criminal matters , police cooperation ) where a quarter of member states can initiate legislation . 
  the council can also request of the commission to propose legislation by simple majority . 
  there are a few other ways to initiate legislation but we 're getting technical here . 
  to answer your question no , member states can not unilaterally overturn directives and regulations where they gave the commission exclusive right of initiative ( because you know , that 's in the treaties and all ) . 
  but at the end of the day if a majority of member states want something done it will be done . 
  nah , i do n't think it matters whether or not he can deliver , what matters is that he appears to be taking a tough stance before the referendum . 
  it is n't really the plan anymore , he gave up on that idea months ago . 
  i believe it even says so in the article . 
  directives and regulations are overturned/reviewed all the time . 
  to give you an example , last week parliament adopted psd2 , which is the revision of the payment services directive . 
  you also have the famous refit programme , which aims at reviewing laws to see if they add value , if they do n't , they get cut . 
  if anything there are too little laws being adopted under the new commission ( yay timmermans ) and it is starting to piss some people off . 
  i was just speaking about this with friends in the ep and council yesterday and there is frustrations because they do n't get enough to do these days !, 
  the ep is adopting a lot of random resolutions/declarations ( those are n't law , they re just reports ) to keep busy :p, 
  but if you have 1/3 of governments already against it will not be adopted . 
  the council works by consensus , which means that by the time a law is adopted , all governments back it ( for different reasons ) . 
  you will have maybe one or two governments opposing it but it is just for show , so they can send a signal back home . 
  if even just one country is dead against , 90 % of the time it wo n't be adopted in the first place . 
  i thought you were disagreeing !, 
  well , i disagree . 
  i think it is just too complicated/effort x for national parliament to scrutinize eu legislation and at the same time liaise with other parliaments to have reach 1/3 . 
  it is already complicated to have negotiations between 28 governments , can you imagine doing the same with 40/50 parliaments with different rules of procedures , traditions and constitutions . 
  that last point is very important too , some national parliaments automatically scrutinize , while others do not actually have any scrutiny power and ca n't object to what was agreed by the government ( i think malta or cyprus is in that situation , i ca n't remember exactly ) . 
  i 'm not saying that the system would n't be used more , you are right on that point , but in my opinion it just would not work . 
  it sounds nice for cameron to say that he wants such a system . 
  props to him for that . 
  on another note , i think there is a great danish ( or dutch ) parliamentary report that was written on this very topic ( how to involve national governments more in the eu decision making process ) . 
  why are you telling that to me ? 
  i 'm not making this up ... there is a system through which national parliaments are consulted . 
  it does n't work very well but it exists . 
   i still think they 'll need at least to cooperate on tax harmonisation to put an end to the rampant but sadly legal `` tax evasion '' that undermine the system or similar topics . 
  and stay helpful on eu policies as much as reasonably possible ( the uk currently are , generally ) . 
  and stop trying to waltzing out of contributing their part to the eu budget . 
  you 'll be happy to hear that a directive on compulsory automatic exchange of information between tax authorities will be adopted very soon then . 
  sure , i did n't say this exact system already exist , just pointed out that something similar already exists so it is not completely unheard of . 
  in the end it does n't really matter , because in practice it is very hard to get 1/3 of national parliaments to object something that has been agreed . 
   the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
   i 'm pretty sure the principle is not in the treaties , so that would be a pretty cheap win . 
   an `` explicit statement '' that the euro is not the official currency of the eu , making clear that europe is a `` multi-currency '' union . 
  ministers want this declaration in order to protect the status of the pound sterling as a legitimate currency that will always exist . 
   well , the treaties already say the euro is the single currency . 
  so that would mean renegociating the treaties . 
  good luck with that . 
  sure , but in the end they mean the same thing . 
  if you have a two circles it really means two speed in the end because the second circle will have to adopt the first circles ' rules if it wants a piece of the internal market . 
  the only thing is that the first `` circle '' makes the rules undisturbed by the `` second '' . 
  in my view , the two-speed europe concept is more about a few countries wanting to push for more common rules as a core ( like the first 6 ) unhindered by the rest who are dragging their feet . 
  he wants to fight that because it would go against the interests of london ( because even if the uk does n't put in place new financial rules that this `` circle '' would put in place , companies would still have to comply if they want to do business there ) . 
  cameron wants to make sure this does not happen . 
  he does not want new rules that could put in jeopardy london 's position as the eu 's main financial center . 
  i do n't see that happening , some other member states want to push and have no interest making sure london remains the center , particularly when the uk is trying to play the bully by using the referendum card . 
  there will be no real renegotiation , you can see how he is backing out slowly . 
  originally he wanted to renegotiate the treaties , then he toured eu capitals where he was told to fuck off . 
  then he said it would n't necessarily be treaty renegotiation , now he he wants `` explicit statements '' and mechanisms who already exist . 
  it 's kinda funny , i ca n't wait for the referendum . 
  ( sorry , i think i kinda diverged from your point ), 
  such a system already kinda exists , it is laid out in the [ protocol ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/protocols-annexed-to-the-treaties/656-protocol-on-the-role-of-national-parliaments-in-the-european-union.html ) on the role of national parliaments . 
  so , as expected , they will get nothing : * forcing brussels to make `` an explicit statement '' that britain will be kept out of any move towards a european superstate . 
  this will require an exemption for the uk from the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  it does n't really mean anything so that would be a pretty cheap win , still , prolly not gon na happen . 
  * an `` explicit statement '' that the euro is not the official currency of the eu , making clear that europe is a `` multi-currency '' union . 
  ministers want this declaration in order to protect the status of the pound sterling as a legitimate currency that will always exist . 
  well , the treaties already say the euro is the single currency . 
  so that would mean renegociating the treaties . 
  good luck with that . 
  * a new `` red card '' system to bring power back from brussels to britain . 
  this would give groups of national parliaments the power to stop unwanted directives being handed down and to scrap existing eu laws . 
  such a system already exists , but several ms have said in fop group that they would want a better system . 
  still , hardly a `` demand by the uk '' . 
  * a new structure for the eu itself . 
  the block of 28 nations must be reorganised to prevent the nine countries that are not in the eurozone being dominated by the 19 member states that are , with particular protections for the city of london . 
  yeah good luck with that without renegotiating the treaties . 
  if anything , we are going to move to a two speed europe that would reinforce that situation . 
  it does n't include migration , just kids born pr women ( that would be another line in the table ) . 
  nothing edgy or provocative , there is just nothing interesting about italian cuisine . 
  why so ? 
  i had typed a long reply , but i pressed refresh . 
  so i will do short . 
  in short we invest a lot in it ( about 4 % of gdp according to [ ined ] ( http://www.ined.fr/fichier/s_rubrique/19853/population_societies_2014_512_family_policy_effects_crisis.en.pdf ) ) policies range from : * tax breaks * allowances for kids ( the more kids , the more you get ) * basically free childcare * programs to facilitate in-home childcare , the state can pay people to come look out for your children at your house ( there are conditions i think ) * investments in childcare infrastructure / kindergarten / school * a lot of post-natal support for the mom ( medical and other ) , free of course * very generous maternity leave ( on the top of my head it is like 6 months paid and up to three years unpaid ) * measures to facilitate moms working ( part-time i assume ) * rebates on a lot of stuff . 
  you get a special card `` carte famille nombreuse '' that lets you do a lot of stuff for cheaper . 
  i think it was 30 % off train tickets , 50 % of subway tickets in paris , cheaper access to pools and other things . 
  there are other things , but also an important point is that having several children is perceived differently ( i think ) than in countries like germanies . 
  3 kids families are pretty standard and do n't shock , which , correctly if i am wrong , is not the case in germany . 
  my understanding is that the state really pushed for this through education and whatnot , so now it is in the culture . 
  this is largely on the top of my head , so do n't hang me if i got some things wrong . 
  italian food is boring and basic . 
  france has a high fertility rate because largely due to natalist policies . 
  france is not greying , we are the only european [ country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_european_union#population_shifts ) with ireland who has a fertility rate above 2 per woman ( natural replacement ) . 
  that is one massive ball that fox has . 
  what does that small w means ?
