  though if you find one i suggest you create your own telco and make lotsa money !, 
  if your customers want to use netflix but you can only offer them 64kbps , they will become your competitors ' customers fast . 
  so , netflix uses a shit ton of bandwith right ? 
  so more fiber , more platforms are needed right ? 
  so then who has to pay for that ? 
  either you make all customers pay more to increase the capacity , or you make netflix pay ( and they increase their prices accordingly ) and just the people using that service have to pay for it . 
  what is more fair ? 
  that people using the service pay for it , or that everybody pays for it ? 
  let s say there is a waterpark , does it have to pay for its water consumption ( and the costs are passed down to consummers ) or do you make everybody pay a little more ? 
  it 's the same thing , some service providers put strains on the network and should pay more accordingly . 
  obviously you should not throttle netflix to favor your own services ( and that is why we have nras controlling , im all for giving them more oversight power ) , but it makes sense to pass costs onto them . 
   the last mile should be owned by the public utilities and isps should be able to rent it to provide their service . 
  it is a choice that was made in the past ( that the network be built by private companies ) . 
  some countries do it like that ( australia ) and it actually works pretty horribly . 
   adding a few fibers could be done very cheaply no , not cheaply . 
   we could also easily remove the conflict of interest if isps were n't allowed to provide content , like tv . 
  i can never be sure that my isp is n't throttling netflix if they also provide a streaming service . 
  but if they sell only bandwidth in their backbone , they would have no incentive to block any content providers . 
  except those companies are not public bodies , they make the investments , they own the network , not you . 
  you do n't think it is unfair to deny them the use of their own networks to offer services ? 
  is n't it an incentive to invest in better faster network so you can offer better services than your competitor ? 
  btw , those services are an essential part of the business model of telcos , without them , they just do n't have the money to invest in new faster networks . 
  what is the interest in investing in better network if you just `` own the pipes '' . 
  using your water analogy , do water companies or whatever they are called have any desire in offering you higher water pressure or whatever ? 
  no , because they do n't have anything to gain from it . 
  ( i know it 's not a great example , but you see my point ), 
  byebye voice over ip , ip tv , ppv and telemedicine !, 
  seriously , this is gon na get ripped apart , the parliament 's text is practically unapplicable . 
   does this also mean more competition / a fully european market ? 
  is it likely i 'll be able to sign up to a french provider if i live in ireland ? 
  ( i.e. 
  i can have a french mobile number ? ) . 
  no , there is a fair use clause . 
  well , spirits and lifeforce falls under religion to me . 
  according to what you just linked , the eurobarometer says that 40 % of french say they dont believe there is any sort of god spirit or whatever , while 39 % of czech do . 
  no , but even this number is true , we 're a `` big '' country , so it is still a small part of the population . 
  also you do n't need to be religious to hate gays =p, 
  true true . 
  still , very atheist country . 
  yeah , and the same goes for zoroastrianism !, 
  racist i say . 
  probably , france really is atheist . 
  even our far right uses atheism as an argument to discriminate against muslims . 
  nuclear power ftw . 
  hello ms auken . 
  a couple procedural questions that i ca n't seem to understand . 
  as a rapporteur , you receive opinions from the concerned committees . 
  it is my understanding that you have the amendments they propose into consideration when you write your draft report . 
  but then : 1 . 
  how are those opinions handled in committee ? 
  does the committee vote for the block of amendments proposed in the opinion ? 
  for them individually ? 
  or just for the ones you selected ? 
  i noticed that the formal document forwarded to the council contains the opinions , are they just attached to the doc for clarity 's sake ? 
  so there is a sort of consolidated document ? 
  or does it mean they have some sort of use ( for instance to reuse in the second reading ) ? 
  generally i am a bit confused as to what happens to an opinon after it is sent from one committee to the next . 
  from the different texts i 've read they never seem to actually get adopted . 
  is this generally true ? 
  what procedural rule do you think should be changed/modernized ? 
  also , unrelated : 5 . 
  was the draft legislation the one where they had translation problems , which pushed back itre 's connected continent ? 
  if so , what happened ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  what/why do you mean ? 
  i do n't understand why romania and bulgaria take the opposite approach when they 're pertty much in the same situation . 
  does it have smthg to do with transnistria ? 
  roaming charges are actually to end in 2017 , whether this passes or not . 
  there is already a directive taking care of that . 
  the issue for telcos is that 2 years is an extremely short timetable for such a big change , particularly when the 2009 directive had a different calendar . 
  it is not the case here . 
  actually the council is opposed to this . 
  completely wrong ... do n't invent titles when you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  this just got out of the itre commitee , it will prolly make it out of plenary intact but it will definitively not pass the council . 
  the commitee probably knows this and they want leverage to make a deal with the council . 
  i was editing . 
  well you just ca n't amend the treaties through parliament . 
  the treaties are what is called * primary law * . 
  parliament makes laws that draw their power from the treaties , they are called * secondary laws * . 
  so , eu gov ` ts can sign new treaties , who amend the previous treaties ( which give parliament its power to make secondary law ) , but parliament ca n't make laws that amend the treaties . 
  if you want a parallel think of the american constitution vs laws passed by congress . 
  the only way congress can change the constitution is through a special procedure , the rest of the time the laws it makes have to follow the constitution . 
  the uk system is different , because you do not have `` rankings '' between different laws , so it does n't really work as a comparison . 
  what parliament can do is amend this particular piece of legislation ( the connected continent regulation ) . 
  ps : i 'm sorry if this is all kinda messy . 
  none . 
  1 . you ca n't amend the treaties in parliament ... 2 . to amend the legislation in plenary the amendment would have to be carried by a political group , i do n't think any of them plan to . 
  but i might be wrong on that one . 
  in any case , you would still need to get the votes in the plenary to support the amendment . 
  prolly not gna happen . 
   although i would also , particularly like to know what we can do to exert pressure most effectively it is pretty much too late for the april vote . 
   does it basically come down to whether alde support or oppose ? 
  or is it worthwhile trying to persuade individual members , even if they are epp or ecr ? 
  are they likely to break the party line , or do members usually vote as a bloc under these circumstances ? 
  not really . 
  you pretty much need epp and s&d to agree . 
  it is extremely rare for things to pass when one of the two main parties oppose it . 
  the amendment would just be part of the regulation , just one aspect , even if the amendment were to pass . 
  they would still need to get epp on board , it just never happens that a legislation passes against the will of one of the big two . 
  they really are , see how it is abroad .
