  that 's cool . 
  here , starting this year , kids turning 6 ( i think ) get a small amount of money to buy a book , as a way to start their on library . 
  i think you have a weird idea of what revisionism means . 
  what i 've stated is absolutell true facts . 
  catalan republic was proclaimed for the first time in 1641 . 
  not even many catalan people know about this . 
  in a pub quiz i was the only one who got the question right . 
  it was proclaimed on 17 january 1641 , during a war against castile ( about the same war when portugal became independent ) . 
  as the spaniards defeated catalan troops , the catalan parliament declared the king of france count of barcelona on 23 january 1641 , ending thus the republic . 
  it had lasted six days . 
  with the help of the french troops the spaniards where defeated and catalonia was a part of france for 10 years . 
  spain reconquered most of catalonia then , but left the northern part ( with capital in perpiny\u00e0 -- perpignan now in french ) . 
  they promised to respect catalan laws and languages , but broke their word almost immediately . 
  on 1810 napoleon made catalonia independent , under french protection . 
  in 1812 annexed it to france , uniting both parts of catalonia again . 
  in 1814 we were again under spanish control . 
  this recurrence from the french comes because catalonia was in fact born in the 9th century as the gothia march ( or hispanic march ) , conquered by charles the great from the muslims , and we were part of the carolingian empire till the end of 10th century , when we declared independence , being fed up no frank aid came when needed to fight agaisnt muslim raids . 
   in ireland , before going 24 hrs. , rte used to play the national anthem before closing down every night . 
  same in spain . 
   the german constitutional court judges do n't look that modern either . 
  are they going to sing a carol ? 
    not legally . 
  not on stats . 
   oh no , it 's not . 
  i 'm only talking about literal definitions . 
  * `` a person who comes to a country from another country in order to permanently settle there . '', 
  wiktionary * `` a person who comes to a country to take up permanent residence '' merriam-webster * `` a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country . '', 
  oxford so , no , not legally , not on stats , not literally . 
   it 's true that the ' - ant ' / ' - and ' - suffix means ` relating to ' , sort of . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's latin present participle ( a : contemporaneous action ) and , when talking about people is the one who is doing something . 
  * amans amantis * , the one who is loving , who loves . 
  * homo ludens * , the human that plays . 
  * puella lacrimans * , the girl who is crying . 
  * ridens puella cantat * , a smiling girl is singing . 
  so , immigrant would be `` the one immigrating '' ( currently , non finished action ) . 
   but , while i see your point , he would still be . 
  not legally . 
  not on stats . 
   you 've migrated as some point . 
  do n't know in english , but migrant , the - nt , means someone in the process of migrating . 
  if the process is over , you have migrated , but you are no longer a migrant . 
  i 'd say , legally at least , once someone counts as a citize , stops counting as an immigrant . 
  once he is a spaniard , he is no more an immigrant . 
  but you 've been to all italian ones ? 
  again the trope about crime almost only due to high atmospheric lead levels . 
  if it was the main reason , why european crimes have never been this high ? 
  in fact , in more densely populated areas , as european cities , it should be even higher ... 
   italy is full ` villages ' outside big cities and each ` village ' is n't it true for any european big city ? 
  we have greenwich meridian almost here . 
  i do n't understand at all why we are most of the year at gmt +2 . 
  same with france . 
  from 7,5 \u00baw to 7,5 \u00bae you are supposed to use gmt . 
  my house is at 2\u00bae , but i 'm using gmt +2 . 
  it 's fucking nonsense . 
  it 's noon at 13.45 most of the year . 
  you realize `` in summer '' means `` most of the year '' , do n't you ? 
  you are about 2.20 and galicia about 2.40, 
  yes , please . 
  tired of noon being at 13.45 during most of the year . 
  most syrian refugees explain they are escaping the official regime ... 
  let me try to understand it . 
  because ceuta and melilla are not part of nato is ok for spain to collaborate in the bombing of civils , even after signing the eu statement about russia war crimes in aleppo ? 
  is this ? 
  ceuta and melilla not being part of nato means no coherence and no decency are ok ? 
  it seems so . 
  i thought he was a gentile , but in fact he was a hellenized jew . 
  oops !, 
  i was convinced he was a gentile . 
  he is the saint patron of gentile christians . 
  which is the jewish one ? 
  if what you want to say is that it is an art exhibit , you are wrong . 
  it is a history exhibit about the history of two sculptors and two monuments . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  exactly the same as in english ussr . 
  u is union , r is republics , the s are soviet and socialist . 
  no only in russia . 
  in french speaking africa the usual word for homosexual is p\u00e9do , from pedophile . 
  that would be a symbol of emigration ... 
  of course , just as the venus de milo should have arms ... 
  lexically , the closer language to catalan ( except occitan ) is italian . 
  according to [ ethnologue , * `` lexical similarity : 87 % with italian '' * ] ( https://www.ethnologue.com/language/cat ), 
  xona , conill , cony ... but never fava . 
  here , the glans is `` la punta de la fava '' . 
  no , cup was not in favor of the exhibition of the statues on the street . 
  but now they were vandalized and on the ground , they joked complaining about they statues being removed . 
  just curiosity , how a link to a 1962 newspaper has any relation to a prize that was created in 1969 ? 
  what is your definition of `` official '' ? 
  the one you are answering to is just lying . 
  conservatives were not at all near a majority in catalonia . 
  main forces were erc ( republican left ) , poum ( trotskists ) , psudec ( communists ) and cnt ( anarquists ) . 
  and it was one of the least religious regions . 
  conservatives were not at all near a majority in catalonia . 
  main forces were erc ( republican left ) , poum ( trotskists ) , psudec ( communists ) and cnt ( anarquists ) . 
  and it was one of the least religious regions . 
  so , today you 've been lied to . 
  i guess you mean nowhere . 
  first place in europe where the tactics of bombing the first responders of a previous bombing was used was barcelona , for example ... 
  the ones against having the statue were , on one side , the spanish right wingers and , on the other side , the catalan independentists . 
  it was the ones looking for a federal union who promoted it .
