  it would be easier to just mix up sweden and switzerland . 
  you can not compare castell\u00f3 and lleida airports . 
  one has never been used . 
  the other one has been somehow boycoted by the spanish government ( first years they could n't accept no schengen flights , when the aim of the airport was to bring tourist - mostly from russia and the uk - into the pyrenees ) . 
  hungary and poland are central europe , bosnia , i do n't know , more southern than central . 
   ask them if most swedes are protestants because the reformation took place in stockholm . 
  i do n't get this one . 
  us flag , living in china . 
  go back ????? 
  i do n't like when , writing in english , people writes catalunya instead of catalonia ... 
  no problem . 
  great pictures , by the way . 
  i knew it sounded weird . 
  glad you enjoyed barcelona . 
  just a few notes : * there are 13 geese on the cathedral , not 8 * la merc\u00e8 is not a martyr , but a `` mare de d\u00e9u '' , a mother of god , ie , a representation of [ mary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virgin_of_mercy ) * thanks for not saying barca . 
  barce is 100 times better . 
  anyway , we do n't use so much shortenings , but in any case , the short form of barcelona is barna . 
  also , `` la sagrada '' is nothing . 
  just means `` the sacred one '' . 
  could be anything that is sacred . 
  the name is la sagrada fam\u00edlia . 
  at least right now it does n't say arc de triomphe ( french ) , but arc de triomf ( catalan ) , and it 's at the end of barcelona 's pictures . 
  catalonia has 7,5 m inhabitants . 
  about 20m tourists ... :-), 
  there was spain after cuba left . 
  there was spain after equatorial guinea left . 
  there was spain after western sahara left . 
  so , i 'm quite sure there 'll be spain after catalonia leaves . 
  as integral as cuba was , or already into the 20th century , equatorial guinea or western sahara . 
  i repeat : `` a non-binding consultation to the catalan population , so the catalan government knows its opinion , '', 
  you are talking about referendums . 
  not consultations . 
  do you mean the consultation in barcelona about the tramway was illegal ? 
  or that all spaniards had to be asked about it ? 
   it 's illegal according to spanish constitution , what did they expect ? 
  i guess you are an expert constitutionalist . 
  could you explain us how a non-binding consultation to the catalan population , so the catalan government knows its opinion , is illegal ? 
  i thought you were taking about political positions . 
  were n't you ? 
  aragonese theories show later evidences . 
   citing completely unspecified `` documents tombs and buildings '' is always the sign of a strong argument , is n't it ? 
  ... says the one giving no sources to his nonsense . 
  `` the first appearance of the flag is in the arms of the tomb of ramon berenguer ii , count of barcelona , died in 1082 as well as later in the seals of ramon berenguer iv , count of barcelona of barcelona and iii of provence in proven\u00e7al ( 1150 ) and then in catalan ( 1157 ) documents . '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/senyera `` \u00b7 alberto montaner frutos : `` [ ... ] no hay duda de que el primer poseedor de los palos de oro y gules fue ramon berenguer iv '' [ el se\u00f1al del rey de arag\u00f3n ( 1995 ) ; p\u00e0g . 
  abortion . 
  education ... 
  you are joking , of course !, 
  catalonia a municipality ?????????????????? 
  catalan flag is the original , as you can see in documents , tombs and buildings . 
  originally with no coat of arms . 
  being or not a kingdom does n't matter . 
  the political capital was barcelona , not the whole county . 
  and the rest of catalonia was in fact part of the county , due to conquests and aliances . 
  not in the last 5 centuries . 
  catalonia was the political and cultural center of the aragon confederacy . 
  the capital was in barcelona , where the kings lived . 
  so , in fact , except by the name , you could say that was catalonia . 
  like the rest of the world . 
  by the way , what `` own '' language do they have in granada ? 
  mixt group is far left , pro-independence . 
  several hundred --  tens of millions ( o potser , hundreds of millions ), 
  that `` per capita '' just divides by official population . 
  does n't take into account the millions and millions of tourists . 
  as beer is cheaper , they even have some german beer-tourism , people who visit czech republic on the week-end just to drink beer . 
  a black norwegian would be ethnically a norwegian if norwegians define their ethnicity it a way the skin colour is not a barrier to be one . 
  a group based on ancestry , i 'd call them `` the group of descendants of whoever '' , as the 2 % ( just memory , probably different ) of people descendants of genghis khan . 
  a group based on genetics , a genetic group ? 
  sub-saharan africans , as i guess you are not including afrikaaners and so , and as it is not really a genetric gruop , black people , or black africans . 
  genetically , in fact , we are all `` sub-saharan africans '' :-), 
   finnish and sami are also ancient languages except for creoles , pidgins and constructed languages , just assume all languages are equally old . 
  that what you said makes no sense at all . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_group identity may be based in dna in some groups ( is this the case of czechs ? ), 
  but this is not a must . 
  for example , as catalan is a friend of mine whose four grand parents are non-catalan , as some other friend who has only catalan ancestors for at least four generations . 
  as much as us people are western germanic . 
  i guess if an embassador in the us , in their first speech , talks about the us people as `` germanics '' many would n't like it . 
  anyway , without erasmus their chance would have been lower . 
  it 's a component in some ethnicities , it 's not on other ones . 
  some closed ethnicities may only accept those born into themselves , some even excluding adoptions . 
  other ones will not give a fuck about someone 's genetics . 
  so , no , it 's not a component per se . 
  culture and identity are mostly shaped by ancestry and language ... 
  you are joking , of course . 
  what is ethnicity , if not culture and identity ? 
  are you maybe mixing up ethnicities with genetics ? 
  alien ? 
   it would sort of show that they do not agree with the scottish independence . 
  they would show a part of history . 
  or you want to do as in 1984 ( or in the ussr ) , where they removed people from ancient pictures , as if they had never been there . 
  why ? 
  countries keep lots of outdated symbols on ther flags and , specially , coats of arms . 
  i think the union flag on all those flags is a reference to history , not to the present . 
  on 23 april , our patron , saint george , women are given a ( red ) rose and men a book , traditionally . 
  nowadays , men get their book and women get a rose ** and ** a book . 
  ( well , gay men get also both ), 
   as it would likely be more simple if someone in catalonia spoke spanish and spoke catalan at home . 
  excuse me , but you are an imperialist asshole . 
  and we lost 20 % of our territory , as spain gave it to france . 
  the second most populated city , perpiny\u00e0 , has been french since that war . 
  well , we were fighting in that war . 
  as spaniards were fighting on east and west , they concentrated in us and you could rewin your independence .
