first link i 've found : http://www.ara.cat/cultura/italia-atura-investigacio-bombardeigs-barcelona_0_1199880210.html edit : in this website you 'll find more information , in italian : http://www.altraitaliabcn.org/, 
  is the uk a federation ? 
  are navarra and euskadi federated to spain ? 
  and yeah , most federated states have lots more of autonomy than we do . 
  hence , we do n't have so much autonomy . 
  so , is it better to have a new vote ? 
  and keeping a constitution written under the control of the military and with no other option except staying in a dictatorship is way better , of course . 
  why stop on provinces ? 
  why not on villages ? 
  neighbourhoods ? 
  blocks ? 
  buildings ? 
  apartments ? 
  individuals ? 
  hey , me , and all the ones who vote for independence , will be , innit ? 
  what was the other option ? 
  keep going with the `` principios del movimiento '' ? 
  i give you the chance to vote about having a one starred democracy coming from a 0 starred position . 
  you 'll vote yes , probable . 
  now , not you , not even your grandchildren can ask for a five starred democracy . 
  that 's what you mean , innit ? 
  as much as we can not even collect taxes . 
  imagine !, 
  in spanish legislation almost all referendums are , by default , non-binding . 
  on april members of catalan parliament asked the spanish parliament to call for a referendum ( only them are allowed ) . 
  they said no . 
  on september catalan parliament issued a law about `` consultations '' and called for a consultation on 9 november . 
  the next working day it was suspended . 
  on mid october catalan president called for a `` participation '' process on 9 november . 
  it was suspended yesterday . 
  it 's expected only those for independence will vote on sunday . 
  and no , this is not enough for an declaration of independence . 
  but will give everyone an idea of how many people wants independece . 
  and after next parliament elections , there might be the declaration . 
  your government / courts ( i 'm not sure which ) does not allow catalan judges to investigate your part in civil population bombings . 
  right now . 
  when you are alive . 
  according to what law , could they suspend the autonomy of catalonia ? 
  if you are talking about infamous [ article 155 of spanish constitution ] ( http://www.congreso.es/consti/constitucion/indice/titulos/articulos.jsp?ini=155&amp;tipo=2 ) , there 's no law developing it , and in fact it does not talk about suspendig any autonomy . 
  de la organizaci\u00f3n territorial del estado * * cap\u00edtulo tercero . 
  did they force just people of one sex or both ? 
  because is the only possible relation i can see between the comment you are answering and your answer . 
  so , iranian that loves armenia but dislike ( independent ) azerbaijan ? 
  is this feeling widespread ? 
  this is just the spectacular fotography . 
  sensationalism . 
  most immigration gets to europe by plane . 
  it atracts immigration . 
  i you can find someone here , under 20 , all whose ancestors lived in catalonia in the 19th century , you 'd be lucky . 
  right now we are 7,5 m people . 
  demographs have stated without all the immigration waves since the end of 19th century we would be less than 3m people . 
  i guess you do n't consider catalonia part of spain . 
  thanks . 
  we are in the north and here there 's the highest percent of muslim population . 
  not such a magnet for immigration , most of the country . 
  on the other hand , catalonia has a 6 % muslim population , so same colour as france or germany . 
  i guess many parts of spain might be same colour as portugal . 
  same differences as between bosniaks , croats and montenegrins of any other religion ? 
  in catalonia it 's about 6 % , so same colour as france or germany . 
  i 'm a catalan secessionist , spainian ninjitsu , and i 'm not disappointed . 
  in fact , the opposite the announced consultation was suspended two weeks ago by the spanish constitutional court . 
  today a different method has been announced to circumvent the spanish prohibitions . 
  so , from no voting since two weeks ago , now there 's again the hope for a voting on 9 november . 
  nothing has been cancelled . 
  a ) this was never a referendum . 
  on april catalan mp went to the spanish parliament to ask for a referendum . 
  they said no . 
  b ) a few weeks ago a popular consultation on 9 november was anounced . 
  c ) two days later the spanish government forced the spanish highest court to suspend it . 
  d ) right now , there 's no time to prepare this consultation even if the suspension is revoked now . 
  e ) a different consultation , more like a poll , has been announced today , to be held the same day and with the same questions . 
  so , no referendum has been cancelled , as no referendum had been anounced . 
  and nothing has been cancelled today , as the consultation was suspended by the spanish highest court two weeks ago . 
  what has happened today is that a third way of doing it has been announced . 
  you have not understood , unless you yourself are a whole contry . 
  i guess you love when people says rom instead of romanian , innit ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  nice flag , by the way . 
  i 'm a non native speaker , but i thought i knew when to use whom . 
  and now i see this post by a supposed native speaker . 
  is this use correct ? 
  you 'll love catalan . 
  whispering is xiuxiuejar / shee-oo-shee-oo-eh-jah / , for example . 
  just curiosity , why everyone here assumes it was islamists ? 
  i mean , is there no german far right anymore ? 
  where 's this from ? 
  what proportion of your country gdp goes out as solidarity to poorer countries ? 
  or even less ? 
  what proportion of texas gdp goes out as `` solidarity '' ? 
  how is it any different to when one set of usa states needs a loose , weak-currency monetary policy with lower interest rates , while another set of usa states needs a tight , strong-currency monetary policy with higher interest rates ? 
  you know the `` igualdad de g\u00e9nero '' law , do n't you ? 
  the tc said it 's constitutional . 
  without presumption of innocence . 
  there were three vehicles , two infected people . 
  he was in the empty vehicle . 
  all of them , or just the snp ones ? 
  might you copy & paste where this is said ? 
  as far as i know swedes are protestants , lutherans , and luther 's reformation took place in germany . 
  so , no , i do n't get it .
