  they did n't vote for any unilateral declaration of independence . 
  pp has an absolute majority in spanish parliament with a 44 % of popular vote , about 30 % of possible vote , about 25 % of total population . 
  how is this legal ? 
  i guess it 's quite similar everywhere . 
  in germany cdu/csu has 311/631 seats with a 41,5 % of vote , less than 30 % of possible vote , about 22 % of total population . 
   even in israel you will see that young men at funerals for example regularly hug one another and it 's considered normal . 
  where in the world is this not normal ? 
  that 's the country that held a congress of secessionists movements in moscow last month ? 
  this does n't look at all like football or rugby . 
   the two enclaves in northern morocco have been spanish for centuries , they 're just as spanish as madrid and malaga . 
  so was cuba ... 
  mostly hypocrisy . 
  also they may not even know abut them fences , or they may rationalize it as not being refugees but immigrants . 
  if there are lists you vote , you force that of every 5 people , at least 2 are from each sex , for example . 
  that 's what happens here . 
  how come it 's in latin and not cyrillic ? 
  there were 3 no options , same as there were 2 yes options . 
  and they made campaign for no . 
  how come you have to pay ? 
  was this a private clinic ? 
  did n't you see the posters asking for a united spain ? 
  including those by psc , by the way . 
  or obama , cameron , sarkozy ... asking for a united spain . 
  estados unidos or eu ? 
   there was no `` against '' movement , hahahaha !!!!, 
  you clearly have not followed the campaign !, 
  : - ddddddddddd, 
  according to polls , 30 % of the people who said they 'd vote for csqep are pro independence . 
  portuguese ( and galician ) , leonese ( and asturian ) , aragonese , french ( before conquering and aculturating occitania ) , romantsch ... do not neighbour the mediterranean . 
  same in catalan . 
  either eua or , more usually , eeuu . 
  i 've never seen it as eu . 
  on last elections ( 2012 ) there were 107 seats out or 135 asking for a rerferendum . 
  i guess that was a clear mandate . 
  we went for it , it was not allowed . 
  you said that was when the campaign started ... 
  2m votes for yes , 1,6 m votes for no, 
  d'hondt has almost 0 influence in this, 
  2m yes / 1,6 m no, 
  you realise this is from one year ago , do n't you ? 
  were do you get the 52 % ? 
  i might admit 52 % other , but not 52 % no . 
  it 's about 40 % no . 
  ( in fact , county would be a great translation ; shire would do , too ), 
  ireland got independent with a 47 % . 
  spanish republic was proclaimed with even less . 
  irish independence was won with majority of seats , 47 % of votes spanish republic was proclaimed after republican parties won on most province capitals , with a total of less than half the votes . 
  you should fix it . 
  cup has 10 seats ( you can see they do n't add up to 135 ), 
  they are not catalans , in the same sense we are not spaniards . 
  a ) you see that guy has a uk flair , do n't you ? 
  b ) he is not saying what you say he says . 
  he is using this as an absurd counterexample to not letting catalan vote on our fate and relay only in history . 
  [ the comment with context ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mmenc/catalan_election_results_discussion_thread/cvgcuv8?context=3 ), 
  i made a simulation with the number of votes in a single frame . 
  jxs + cup get 68 seats out of 135 . 
  by the way , tarragona is 48,98 % yes , 41,16 % no . 
  in fact , psc was against independence and even a referendum . 
  settled that , from those who expressed an opinion , 55 % are for independence and 45 % against it . 
  2m votes for independence , 1,6 m votes against it . 
  the remaining 0,5 m voted for a couple of parties asking for a referendum , but including in them for and agaisnt independence members . 
  that 's the problem when you are not allowed to have a real referendum and have to use normal parliamen elections as a proxy . 
   pretty much an even split between yes and no on a vote basis . 
  not really . 
  2m votes for independence , 1,6 m votes against it . 
  the remaining 0,5 m voted for a couple of parties asking for a referendum , but including in them for and agaisnt independence members . 
  2m for independence , 1,6 m against . 
   independentists leaders have always talked about the catalans as a whole but as these election just showed up , they do n't even make half the population . 
  i guess you do n't mean half the population , but half the popular votes . 
  anyway , unionists have goten 20 % less votes than independentists . 
   the interesting fact is that the main reason of independence between people would n't be an `` ethnic '' or cultural sentiment ( nearly 30 % ) , it is the will of not being part of spain . 
  the discontent , even hatred , to madrid , has been a traditional issue since long ago . 
  both the elites in madrid and the people in barcelona have caused this . 
  in fact , according to sociological polls , it 's the unionist who are so due to `` ethnic '' or cultural feelings . 
   cdc was in an union with udc ( uni\u00f3 democr\u00e0tica de catalunya , which got 2.4 % of the vote , and the minimum for entering the parliament is 3 % ) . 
  udc has gotten 2,51 % , but only 2,45 % on the province were this result would have given them any seat , and there 's this rules about having a 3 % on a province to get a seat . 
  edit : cdc -  udc, 
   important : cup said that if indeps . 
  do n't reach 50 % they wo n't vote for junts pel s\u00ed . 
  so interesting times ahead now . 
  no , they do n't say so . 
  they alwasy said they will not vote for president artur mas . 
  they said nothing about other possible presidents . 
  they even left open to abstein so mas would remain president . 
  also , they can count and consider yes has won . 
  not in votes ???????? 
  * 2m votes for independence * 1,6 m votes against independence that 's winning in votes . 
  your flag explains your misinformation . 
  you are talking about catalonia , not spain . 
  in catalonia shops in general can only open about 8 sundays per year . 
  in madrid , any sunday . 
  almost exactly the same in catalonia . 
  it 's 8 sundays per year , but the rest is the same . 
  and we are painted green . 
  catalonia is painted as `` possible '' . 
  well , i think there are only 8 sundays a year when it is possible for any shops to be open . 
  the rest of the year , on sunday you can buy : * newspapers , magazines and anything from a street kiosk * pastries , sweets and bread * prepared food ( mostly chicken `` a l'ast '' and caneloni ) * general food in small shops ( under x m \u00b2 , where x is maybe 100 or even smaller , i do n't remember ) . 
  then it will go just to those who already like books , of any age . 
  this way , it may help young people to enjoy books . 
  there 's many people in the world who never buy a book after the leave school .
