  have n't you read the news in the last year and a half ? 
  that 's the debate about , now . 
  bein able to have a vote . 
  once this is granted , the debate should shift to what we should vote . 
  pro federation would explain their views , pro independence their and pro statu quo , the same . 
  quite easy , innit ? 
  by the way , to federate with someone , this one must want to be federated , too . 
  does spain want this ? 
  excuse me , a politician from a pro independence party has to be pro federalism ? 
  but this very same party has agreed to ask citizens in a way they can show their support for federalism !, 
  but , yeah , he is right . 
  very few people are pro federalism , only a few in psc , udc and icv-euia . 
   the spanish government will never accept a catalan , or basque or galician independence . 
  and no european government will accept it either . 
  can you lend me your cristall ball , please ? 
  does it give lotery results , as well ? 
   it 's true that the spanish constitution says that all spain have to vote to the modifications needed to allow a catalan independence . 
  not really . 
  spanish constitution does n't talk about secessions . 
   there are lots of public debates talking about different ways to try to solve it , like the idea of a federal spain , but they do n't want to talk about anything besides independence , the proposed questions for the proposed referendum : * would you like catalonia to become a state ? 
  * in that case , should that be an independent state ? 
  the question is frased this way exactly for those asking for federalism !!, 
   if you want to change it get a movement to change it , 2012/09/11 , 1 million people on the streets of barcelona , under the slogan `` catalonia , the next state in europe '' 2013/09/11 , 1.5 million people on a 400 km human chain from south to north of catalonia , the catalan way towards independence catalonia has 7.5 million inhabitants . 
  is this what you are talking about ? 
  a movement that can take on the streets 1/6 of the total population ? 
  also , on published polls , aobut 2/3 of those with an opinion are pro independence . 
  how many million people per member ? 
  you should hear jokes about spanish guardia civil :-) ( yeah , the name itself is kinda joke , as they are militars ! ), 
  just in case someone is confused by the title , the catalan national assembly is not the catalan parliament , or anythin official , but a grass root organization , the one organizing the 1m people demonstration on 2012/9/11 and the 1.5 m people human chain from south to north of the country on 2013/9/11 . 
  you realize you are talking about just one of the four examples i gave you , do n't you ? 
  let me explain it better . 
  let 's say catalonia has a gdp of 100 . 
  another region has a gdp of 90 . 
  after paying taxes , catalonia has 80 , the orther region 75 . 
  after getting money back from the central government , catalonia has 98 , the other region 102 . 
  thats the situation . 
  nobody here talks about contributing to poorer regions . 
  what we do n't want is that , after the inter-regional redistribution , we have less than some others . 
  why would this other region try to improve , if that meant they would have finally fewer money ? 
  for example , sex reasignment cirurgy is for free in poorer regions , not here . 
  there are much poorer regions who give all kids on school a netbook . 
  not here . 
  because here there 's no money , because this money goes to them . 
  and , to add salt to the injury , politicians from these other regions attack us , our language , our culture , and say we do n't know how to invest our money . 
  so , please do not insult with those nonsense comparisons . . 
  you may disagree , but saying it is `` literally the same argument libertarians use to oppose tax policies that force them to pay more '' is quite insulting . 
  after seeing your flair ... if a country wants to leave the eu , who is to vote ? 
  this countrie 's population , or the population of the whole eu ? 
  divorcing affects two people , but you do n't need the other one to agree . 
  17 autonomies and to 2 autonomous cities are there to make catalan autonomy happy ???? 
  having judges who do n't understand our language is ok ? 
  catalan , with about 6m native european speakers not being official in the eu , due to spanish negative is ok ? 
  paying about a 25 % of all spanish taxes and getting back about 15 % of the inversions is ok ? 
  having boycoted for ages a train line from andalusia to france , that would benefit a lot industries all around the mediterranean shore is ok ? 
  he has said so for a long time . 
  in fact , he talks about formerly drawing borders thru blood and semen ( wars and kings marrying ) . 
  i remember a book about this exact hipothesis from maybe 25 years ago . 
  there 's a slogan shouted in demonstrations thas goes `` ni fran\u00e7a , ni espanya , pa\u00efsos catalans '' ( being italian , you get it ) . 
  well , the book was called `` ni fran\u00e7a , ni espanya , pa\u00eds itali\u00e0 . '', 
  it was a novel , and the base idea was that , with the excues of some to middle age links between italy or the pontificial states and catalonia , and some problem in spain i do n't remember , catalonia joined italy . 
  is it possible for catalonia to be economically independent , yes , it is . 
  any other question ? 
  with your username , you should clearly be pro separation !, 
   if this is communicated clearly enough the people of catalonia will vote to stay in spain . 
  this is what is being clearly communicated , and this exactly is why every day more people wants to separate . 
  imagine you want to divorce . 
  you spouse tells you if you do they make life impossible to you , will turn your friend against you ... do you really think you want to stay with this person ? 
  no , you want to divorce even faster !, 
  that 's the case . 
  how does sound the one who blames or deportates a whole people for what a minority did ? 
  according to the linked article , it does . 
  you know who 's a nazi ? 
  the one blaming or punishing a whole people because what a few members of it did . 
  how does this :  do you support restoration of 1992 crimean constitution and crimea 's status ** as a part of ukraine ? 
  ** become this :  declare independence and then join russia . 
  again . 
  was the character based on this guy ? 
  in fact , to spanish embassies on another countries , not to other countries embassies . 
  was the four lions character based on him ? 
  denmark appears as unrelated to the euro as the uk , but in fact the danish krone has an almost fixed exchange rate to the euro : [ in the case of the krone , danmarks nationalbank keeps the exchange rate within the narrower range of \u00b1 2.25 % against the central rate of eur 1 = dkk 7.460 38 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erm_ii#replacement_with_the_euro_and_erm_ii ), 
  every day it 's getting closer to spanish . 
  at least to my catalan ears . 
  sometimes i hear it on the tv and it takes me some time to realise it 's not spanish but galician . 
  not with strangers . 
  where are you from ? 
  i think the rules rkh00 posted are universal . 
  in every house he is beaten . 
  sorry , are you telling me that at that time portugal was not part of spain ? 
  are you telling me that at that time portugal regained its independence ? 
  by the way , when could have portugal destroyed spain ? 
  and why the fuck did they not do it ? 
  not even spaniards want a king , right now : - =, 
  so , you were pro-independence before it was cool but , as now it is mainstream you are not anymore ? 
  i do n't feel like anyone is saying `` if we become a single nation , everything will be better '' . 
  it 's more like `` if we become independent things might get better ... after some years of struggling '' . 
  anarchy8 ? 
  did you have an amazing artsy website about 20 years ago ? 
  well , there was a war about 1640 , were spaniards focused on reconquering the catalan republic that had just seceded and let your portuguese monarchy that had also just secede to reinforce and mantain independence . 
  thanks !,
