  this time , the main capital was in castille . 
  in 1714 spanish and french troops conquered catalonia , and its laws and courts were suppresed . 
  that 's when catalonia ceased to be an independent state . 
  so , at the very least , you must admit it was independent before 1140 . 
  although in fact it was so up to 1714 . 
  basque is not even indoeuropean . 
  it 's an isolate language . 
  so yes , absolute dissimilar from everything . 
  catalan and spanish are both romance languages ( dialects of latin ) , but from different branches . 
  spanish comes from the same branch as portuguese . 
  catalan from the same brunch as french , and it 's a sister language with occitan ( some would say twin systers ) . 
  so , catalan and occitan might be like english and scots ; portuguese and spanish like icelandic and norwegian ; and catalan and spanish something like english and dutch or dutch and german . 
  that 's as true as saying that australia is an independent country . 
  if sharing head of state makes you non independent , then australia is not idenpendent . 
  according to you australia is independent ? 
   they are very similar ( as i believe spanish and catalan are ) . 
  they are not even from the same branch of romance languages . 
  spanish and portuguese are ibero-romance . 
  catalan and its sister language occitan ( these are in fact as english and scots ) belong , with french , to galo-romance languages . 
  a linkt to the picture ? 
  right now there are 37 pages of pictures !, 
  local police does not depend on catalan government , but on barcelona city council . 
  sorry , this is some sort or recurrent joke or / r/barcelona we are fed up of people calling barcelona barca . 
  and if it 's somebody who lives here or has family here , even worse . 
  so , your catalan reletives are pro-independence ? 
  cool !, 
  all the ones in the crown of aragon were , of course . 
  but here nobody says we should be independent because we were once , but because we want to . 
  we want to become independent thru a vote , not thru history . 
  seen your flair , most catalans agree . 
  we do n't want to be out of the eu . 
  so , yeah , better together ( with europe , of course ! ), 
  so , you mean for catalans to have your sympaty , we should refuse to speak spanish and not be friends with spaniards ? 
  weird !, 
  about franco making catalonia rich , please , learn your history before sounding like an idiot . 
  we already have the bureaucrats . 
  what 's funny is that when many competences there transfered , new bureaucrats were created here , of course , but those in madrid remained !, 
  maybe after independence they will take the chance to optimise their system . 
  a win win situation . 
  i guess you meant either `` long life catalonia ! '', 
  big demonstration on julay 2010 . 
  downvoted to hell . 
  1m people demonstration 2012.09.11 downvoted to thell . 
  1.5 m people human chain , 400km from south to north of the country 2013.09.11 . 
  downvoted to hell . 
  yesterday 's mosaic . 
  downvoted to hell . 
  and politics and culture . 
  spanish embassy forbid last week the presentation of a book ( a historical novel ! ), 
  in a spanish cultural centre in the netherlands , for example . 
  or the spanish education ministry wants to force catalan government to make public schooling in spanish , so we would have two school systems . 
  what amount of tv money corresponds to real madrid and fcb ? 
  wow , the fcb fallacy !, 
  a cookie for you !, 
   states should n't be based on identities , a revolutionary idea . 
  let 's have states based on people 's vote !, 
  by the way , that was exactly what we were asking yesterday . 
  just curiosity . 
  what are your thoughts about a referendum ? 
  because most people who do n't want independence do n't want a referendum either . 
  also , where did you get your numbers from ? 
  all polls in the last 2 years give , between those who have an opinion , about 3/5 - 2/3 pro independence , 2/5 - 1/3 against it . 
  not 50/50 at all . 
  of course . 
  as australia is not a state , as it forms part of the commonwealth . 
  makes real sense . 
  crown of aragon was a confederation of different countries under the same kings . 
  and , guess what , one of those countries was catalonia !, 
  it 's as saying australia is not a country , the commonwealth is . 
  were people starts rumours to make other people like catalans look like crap . 
  yeah , we know . 
  that 's how his statements were translated into spanish ? 
  odd !!!, 
  what he said is that his father did n't trust him and let a lot of undeclared money in andorra to his grandsons , and that this money was never declared . 
   when you start hearing people saying catalunya was never conquered by the moors who the fuck has told you that ? 
  someone who never attended school , i guess . 
  who we call catalunya vella ( old catalonia , about 40 % of the country ) was under muslim rule for about a century . 
  the rest ( catalunya nova , new catalonia ) for 2 or 3 centuries . 
  they are about 45-50m wide . 
  check it on google maps . 
  most democratic changes have happened after disobeying the law . 
  there have been huge immigration from spain , since the 20 's , at least , and concentrated in the bigger towns . 
  in my 120 000 people village i guess about 80 % are immigrants or both parents are . 
  also , we went from 6m people in 2000 to 7,5 m people now , due to lots of immigration from morocco , south america , pakistan and romania . 
  where are you from ? 
  * bar\u00e7a is a nickname for the futbol club barcelona . 
  * if you are too lazy to write barcelona , you can use bcn or the nickname barna . 
  excuse me , but ... was n't the president of the constitutional court a pp member ? 
  excuse me , you mean people could choose between a constitution allowing for self-determination and another that did n't , and chose by 90 % the one that did n't ? 
  oh , wait , it was either a constitution that did n't allow for self-determination or nothing !, 
  ( keeping dictatorship laws ) . 
  when you are 16 % of the population , 20 % of the gdp , pay about 22 % of the taxes and get 14 % of the government money , you can guess independence can be good not only in a cultural and political way , but also economically . 
  when you are 16 % of the population , 20 % of the gdp , pay about 22 % of the taxes and get 14 % of the government money , you can guess independence can be good not only in a cultural and political way , but also economically . 
  when you are 16 % of the population , 20 % of the gdp , pay aobut 22 % of the taxes and get 14 % of the government money , you can guess independence can be good not only in a cultural and political way , but also economically . 
  organizers have given no number . 
  it 's the barcelona police number , 1 800 000 . 
  some media have made their own numbers and get about 1 400 000 . 
  numbers according to barcelona police , the ones who count all demonstrations in the city , are 1 800 000 people . 
  surface of the demonstration was about half a million square meters . 
  an independent media has made its own numbers , explaining their calculations and so on , and say about 1 400 000 .
