  you are welcome ;-) we do n't want a war . 
  we want a vote . 
  that 's it . 
  this radical . 
   obviously , right now catalan support is much greater . 
  exactly what i 've said !, 
  just wait a little ;-), 
  outside spain , much more than in spain !, 
  spaniards close their eyes and think it did n't happen . 
  there 's this site , meneame , something like a spanish digg clone , but with the relevance of reddit , that has downvoted to oblivion every demonstration made for independence . 
  the half million on 2010 , downvoted to hell . 
  the million on 2012 , downvoated to hell . 
  the million and a half 400km human chain on 2013 , downvoted to hell . 
  this one , downvoted to hell . 
  none reached the front page . 
  all endend with negative karma . 
  and most spanish media is the same . 
   let 's say we celebrate a referendum . 
  if the yes wins , it would be final . 
  independence . 
  one way road . 
  no return . 
  why ? 
  people later can vote to integrated into the eu , or federate with spain , or whatever . 
  a generation is 20 or 25 years . 
  the polls , you are adding everything that is not a yes to the no . 
  this is simply dishonest . 
  about reaching the 50 % of total voting population , this is not needed . 
  look , last poll is 54 / 22 . 
  so , with a participation of everyone who has an opionion , this is 70 % yes and only a 24 % abstention . 
  a lesser abstention than in most votings here . 
  and last , you are looking into a multiple option poll , not a poll askind independence yes / no . 
  yes , people might prefer federalism , and world peace . 
  but this is impossible . 
  so , realistic people , who utopically might prefer a federation or a confederantion , in an independence vote would say yes , as the real polls say . 
  what kind of split ? 
  i do n't get what you mean . 
  signs in catalonia are usually in catalan , except the few ones from spanish organisms , and the roads depending on the central government . 
  touristic information , and information on buses , metros and so on is in catalan , spanish and english . 
   why would a catalonian bother to learn it , as opposed to just speaking spanish ? 
  a ) we are catalans , as irish are not irlandians :-) b ) bother to learn what ? 
  spanish ? 
  because of years ( centuries ) of opression and being forced to learn it , and large large amounts of spanish speaking immigration . 
  that kind of federation with spain is a utopia , much much more impossible than independence . 
  to fedarate , both sides must agree . 
  independence is a one side thing . 
  on each picture there was a sentence on their language telling them we catalans want a democratic vote on independence . 
  so you can understand it and complain ;-), 
  there were a few thousand volunteers , people registered during the summer , the 11 km were cut in sections ( about 70 ) and when you registered you chose were . 
  i was on section 65 , on 2nd stripe ( red ) . 
  on the website there was real time information on the ocupation of the different sections and on the last days there were calls to join the less filled ones . 
  last year we did a 400km human chain , from north to south of the country , so they had a lot of experience organizing it . 
  there was no violence . 
  lots of kids and old people . 
  i took a picture of a 103 year old woman , and a friend was there with her 94 year old grandma . 
  not the kind of people who throw stones ... :-) there was a spanish new paper asking for pictures of people burning spanish flags . 
  i guess they got not even one , as they would have publicized it a lot . 
  there were huge portraits of most important world leaders , with a sentence in their languages telling them we catalans want to have a democratic vote on independence . 
  there were calls in several languages , but aside of catalan , main language is english , as an international language . 
  have we lost half a million people in the last year ? 
  we do n't know if we are a minority . 
  that 's way we are asking for a vote . 
  not hard to understand , innit ? 
  not as big as for catalan one . 
  entering into a eu federation ? 
  maybe . 
  are portuguese willing to federate with spain , have spanish as official language , the capital moved to madrid , and so on ? 
  agreeing with me ? 
  it looks as if you say the half a million number is truer . 
  no , they are not . 
  or you can understand dutch , just speaking english ? 
  i said catalan and spanish is something like english and dutch . 
  if you are a cultivated person , who aside of speaking spanish speak also french or italian , and has learnt some latin , you 'll understand with no problem written catalan , and with effort , spoken catalan . 
  on the other side , most catalan speakers speak spanish too , but i 've heard some northern catalans ( from the roussillon , in france since 1640 ) who do n't speak spanish complain about us southern catalans because we mix up many spanish words they do n't understand . 
  edit : all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  so , according to you , if on 1982 psoe won the elections , no more elections were needed , innit ? 
  on 1707 scotland gave away independence . 
  they should have no right to hold an independence referendum !!!!, 
  on your poll link i can not see your suppose 50/50 , but something like , since 2011 , minimum 43/28 ( so about 60/40 ) latest 54/22 ( about 70/30 ) . 
  yes , i 'm comparing them . 
  same king , but different laws and courts . 
  and if the king wanted money or the make a war , had to come in front of the courts and ask for it . 
  and get it or maybe not . 
  and , by the way , i guess according to you catalonia came out of thin air just the moment before the crown union with the kingdom of aragon , innit ? 
  by the way , this 99,9 % is not of historian , but of spanish nationalistic historians , as p\u00edo moa , i guess . 
   catalonia would never a independent country , sadly can you lend me you cristal ball ? 
  does it show lottery numbers ? 
  no apology needed . 
  an example : all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  they are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . 
  catalonia was `` founded '' as the hispanic march or march of gothia by charlemagne , at the end of 8th century . 
  around 990 , as the franks kings did n't respond to help asked by catalan counts those considered themselves as independent . 
  around 1140 the count of barcelona married the daughter of the king of aragon , and the crown of aragon was born . 
  do n't let the name mislead you . 
  the king and the court were in barcelona , spoke catalan , keep the arms of barcelona counts ... 
  the kingdoms were separated ( aragon , valencia and catalonia and mallorca ) , each with its own courts and laws . 
  all independent , but sharing the head of state . 
  and even if you consider it a single independent country , you must identify it with current catalonia . 
  around 1475 the crown of aragon got together with that of castille . 
  but , again , each had its laws and courts .
