  that thing potters do with clay and where you put dirt and sow seeds . 
  you donate blood but ask them not to use it ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  can you explain it ? 
  catalonia . 
  last time i gave : * a bottle of water 300 ml * a fruit juice 200 ml * some coockies and muffins * a little pot and a seed to plant in it, 
  or ten tickets in the filmoteca if you have a public library card . 
   in countries where it is the norm , changing the law to allow it will have very little effect . 
  in those countries it was not outlawed until they changed the law . 
  you mean they should not have outlawed it ? 
   because you 're not going to learn how to perform a medical procedure and take the risks of doing it illegally for one customer . 
  it is traditionally not done by medical personel , and even if they are few , they are usually concentrated . 
  also , they are not `` customers '' and it is not a business to do it . 
  so , as i told you , in countries were fgm is the norm , it should not be outlawed ? 
  also , i do n't understand why if they are fewer the chance is lower . 
  or you mean the total ammount will be lower ? 
  so , if it is few people who make something awfull , it is correct to outlaw it , but if it is many people it is not ? 
  then , they should make it legal in egypt , where more than 90 % of women are mutilated !, 
  do n't you have immigrants from egypt horn of africa , or sahel countries , in germany ? 
  i can not believe you . 
  i 've been in campaigns against fgm in catalonia , because immigrants from these countries practice it . 
  as almost everywhere in the world , it 's outlawed . 
  it is a religious and traditional problem for gambians , senegalese , egyptians , somalis , ethyopians ... 
  it 's part of their religions and cultures , and therfore of themselves . 
  why for them banning is a solution but not for muslims or jews ? 
  look for information , mostly immigrant communities from senegal , gambia , egypt , somalia or ethiopia . 
  about the damage , i talked about type ia which is anatomically equivalent to male circumcision . 
  and which is fobidden in your country . 
  why do you agree to ban something when done to a little girl but not when done to a little boy ? 
  so , do you think female genital mutilation should be unbanned ? 
  at least , type ia , which consists in removing the clitoridial prepuce . 
  not an ocean , but the sea , barcelona . 
  ( are you from the states ? 
  i 've realized people from the usa almost do n't use the word sea ) . 
  inland , by a river , girona , catalonia , where lance armstrong used to live . 
  read something about sociolinguistics , please . 
  yes , some of them use it . 
  well , then this is what people have been convinced , not what it is . 
  not so many years ago , many people would have said catalan or basque where dialects , but if you start your statement saying you are a linguist , i expect you 'll say what linguists say , not what speakers have been forced to believe . 
  by the way , your link does not say ** at all * that not all linguists agree . 
  it 's just talking about politics , not linguistics . 
  i guess , then , you have no idea what a dialect is . 
  you 've never heard about nux vomica , massilia sound system or the faboulous trobadors ? 
  hey , i 'm catalan , and i have !, 
  i guess you have really not a good idea about what a dialect is . 
  valencian is another name for catalan , and you missed occitan . 
  the main op was asking about different dialects , not different languages . 
  edit . 
  oops !, 
  i 've realised it was you !, 
  then , you missed to add spanish or castilian , as two different names means two different languages , is n't it ??? 
  why then do you say venetian is a dialect of italian if linguists agree is a different language ? 
  this is a nice theory , but linguist say aizkora comes from latin asciola . 
  what anyone speaks is always a dialect . 
  you can not speak a language without speaking a dialect of it . 
  even if it is the standard dialect . 
  for spanish speaking people , is a mix of that and `` re '' ( like in ram\u00f3n ) pronounced by someone who does n't pronouce r correctly ( like a parisian ) . 
  everyone in the world speaks a dialect as their native language . 
  by the way , the french people speaks in marseille is standard french ? 
  it 's quite sad how successful have been the different french governments , specially since 1789 , destroying linguistical diversity in france . 
  in fact , any kind of diversity . 
  i 've found it . 
  with sweden there 's is a `` temporary surrender '' extradition that needs no intervention from judges , just the government . 
  i do n't recall assange saying so . 
  do you have any link ? 
  i 've been told us - sweden extradition treaty is quite more straight forward than us - uk one . 
  i 'll look for this information . 
  `` quotum '' ? 
  is it like the people who talk about `` visum '' ( sic ) . 
  they see a latin word ending in - a and think it is the plural of something ending in - um . 
  in fact , quota is a femenine singular latin word ( as visa is , `` carta visa '' ) , `` quota pars '' . 
   of course not about topics like `` god wrote the bible '' or creationism ( everyone knows thats bullshit ) but about ethnics like abortions , gm food or human cloning . 
  it seems you are talking about an ethics class , not a religion one . 
  wikipedia is your friend : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_depictions_of_lions, 
  well , that 's ethymology , but i do n't get what you mean . 
  do you mean usians do n't consider jesus the messiah , and so they do n't call him christ ? 
  i myself , as i 'm an atheist , do n't use christ , but jesus . 
  but the ( few ) christians i know call him christ or jesuschrist . 
  sorry , they do n't worship christ . 
  that 's what europeans christians do . 
  they worship jesus . 
  by the way , any idea why the call him jesus , not christ or jesuschrist ? 
  in the catholic school i attended they told us something like that jesus was the person and christ the god . 
  edit . 
  maybe christ was still too hard to spell :-), 
  since when is scandinavia socialist ? 
  i thought we were in / r/europe, 
  the femenine one is unrelated , but both maculine ones share origin , turning , spining . 
  catalan speaker here . 
  since i was a child i knew `` la torre eiffel '' was `` la tour eiffel '' . 
  so , please , do n't talk for `` non-french speaking '', 
  at about 13.00-15 .00 there are lots of people in parc g\u00fcell , but it 's big enough . 
  in barcelona there 's the medieval town hall , the 40 's new building and the 80 's really new building ... :-), 
  the question was , literally , about `` overpriced/overcrowded/underwhelming '' places . 
  exactly , that 's it . 
  but you can see my latin speaking friends got it . 
  in fact , to have two fingers of forehead is not to be stupid . 
  only tourists traps if you just go to some tourist places . 
  i do n't know how to translate it into english , but if you have `` two fingers of forehead '' ( `` dos dits de front '' ) , you 'll scape all traps . 
  if it had been about one year ago , i had told you not to go watch bullfighting , as tourists were the main economical supporters of it .
