  not much more . 
   t 's an ideologic and ban of free speech problem . 
  exactly !, 
  that 's why i expected a great outrage outside catalonia too . 
  not catalanist , but catalan . 
   ( 1 ) inter - and intra-ethnic bullying are just as common in ethnically heterogeneous as in homogeneous classes ;  ( 3 ) the prevalence of inter - and intra-ethnic bullying depends on the level of ethnic diversity in the class ; inter-ethnic and intra-ethnic bullying increase with increasing levels of ethnic diversity . 
  is n't this a contradiction ? 
  i meant not catalan ones ... edit : wow !, 
  manuela carmena has just said she will also not attend , as puigdemont and colau !, 
  hey , i 'm still waiting for the outrage of spanish politicians and intellectuals against this attack to freedom of speech . 
  how many of those spanish democrats have been outraged by the prohibition of * estelades * on this sunday final ? 
  republik deutsch\u00f6sterreich or deutsch-\u00d6sterreich was the name of your country ... ( republic of german east kingdom , or german east kingdom ), 
  i 'm not italian , but i equally get outraged . 
  what are you , a usian in disguise ? 
  better than the other option . 
  catalonia ? 
  flamenco and bullfighting , innit ? 
  ( sorry , i know technically that 's not a single sentence ), 
  well , what you `` see '' has been demonstrated to not be what happens . 
  are you really denying catalan has been prohibited / attacked / prosecuted for the most part of last centuries ? 
  or are you saying you can oppress someone during years , then stop , and do n't allow them to get any compensation , because the oppression , supposedly , is over ? 
  that 's not the kind of attack i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm talking about prohibitions . 
  were n't you told about it on school ? 
  nueva planta decrees , for example . 
   if a language needs to be defended it means it is useless if a language needs to be defended it means it has been attacked ( for centuries ) . 
  it has alwasy . 
  it 's been quite largely demonstrated that , it does n't matter how many roads you have , traffic will tend to reach a certain congestion level . 
  if you add roads , more cars go out . 
  if you remove roads , less cars do . 
  why ? 
  what disaster ??? 
  i hope you missed the / s, 
   sounds awesome but the streets with cars will probably get way worse . 
  not really . 
  it has been demonstrated that , the more roads you create , the more cars you have , till reaching a congestion limit . 
  same with removing roads . 
  first congestion might be chaotic , but then there are fewer cars , till reaching the previous level of congestion . 
  this project has been moving on steady since its inception more than 10 years ago ( psc government ) ; previous goverment ( ciu ) started with new bus lines , more straight , following what those megablocks would be ; current governtment ( bec ) might as well keep on . 
  i was just asking if you were talking about before or after eastern europe countries entered eurovision . 
  before or after eastern europe countries entered eurovision ? 
  you know this was eurovision , not japanvision , do n't you ? 
   it 's still better than the 2 $ coin . 
  that 's one of my favourit . 
  no different dialects , accents , customs ? 
  hey , my country is less than 300 km wide and there are lots of differences between people from one extreme to the other !, 
  the mesure of those who are 18 is 173,9 cm : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_height#average_height_around_the_world, 
  tallest ones emigrate ? 
  here standard beds are 190cm , but ikea ones are 200cm , so better for ( our local ) tall people . 
  really 6cm difference between portugal and spain ? 
  is there a gradient , maybe ? 
  love the french one . 
  literally reading the quran . 
  but so much literally reading the bible . 
  maybe i 'm weird , but my problem is neither with islam nor with traditions , but with killings . 
  i guess i do n't live in europe , then . 
  what we do is points = #correct - #wrong / ( #options - 1 ) in your case , with 5 options , you 'd get 20 % right . 
  then : points = 20 % correct - 80 % wrong / ( 5 options - 1 ) = 0 % according to op by doing it random you get a 0,4-0 ,5 over 2 . 
  so i do n't think they make any normalisation :  last year , you needed a 0.1 to get into the teacher program . 
  you 'd get around 0.4-0 .5 if you simply chose c on every single question of the test . 
  standard here is : points = #correct - #wrong / ( #options - 1 ) so , in your case , 3 correct , 7 wrong , 4 options =  points = 3 - 7/3 = 2/3 = 0,6666 points over 10 . 
  i was sure this was a universal formula used everywhere there are multiple-choice tests the idea is that if there are 4 options random answers would give you a 25 % of correct ones . 
  so : 25 % correct - 75 % wrong / ( 4 options - 1 ) = 0 . 
  so , i guess you are right . 
  if your teachers do n't use this formula , they are not really quite good ones ... 
  usually multiple-choice questions tests are graded so random answers will give you a zero . 
  is not the case in sweden ? 
  who has translated the andorran one ? 
  it should be `` united virtue is stronger '', 
   `` our language is a treasure '' the moldavian motto . 
  they speak romanian . 
  different culture , different words . 
  no , it 's a cultural difference . 
  do `` ultras '' mean `` supporters '' in sweden ? 
  to me ultras are violent , usually racist / fascist supporters . 
  the good ones are not ultras , they are supporters . 
  in my culture , ultras = bad . 
  the good ones you are describing are not ultras but supporters . 
  excuse me ? 
  shy instead of psi ? 
  really ???? 
  argh !, 
   ( do n't trust americanized pronunciations of letters tho ) i ca n't stand english speaking mathematicians pronouncing \u041f as pie , not as pee . 
  last time i checked eu flag was just blue with 12 yellow stars on a circle . 
  not half white half blue ... also , the stars should be pointing up , so this flag seems to be upside down . 
  i was wondering the meaning of the colours . 
  till i realized it was not about the colours . 
  but , anyway , what 's the meaning of the colours ?? 
  no initial minimum ? 
  i mean , going from 1 in 2010 to 3 in 2015 is a 200 % increase !, 
  fourth-degree relatives , not incest . 
  at least according to european laws and culture . 
  you realize that article ( and this map ) are not about incest , do n't you ? 
  a ) it 's catalan , unless you call yourself a swedenian b ) in their whole history catalan terrorist groups have killed maybe 10 people . 
  half of them themselves while building bombs . 
  hey , terra lliure only victim ( aside of themselves ) was an old woman sleeping on her bed because an defective wall felt down over her due to the expansive wave of a small bomb . 
  i think it was the last bomb they ever placed . 
   what is sociological francoism by the way , like i know the franco 's ideology but what `` sociological '' one stands for ? 
  fascist elitism ? 
  and by conservative , i assume you mean social-conservatism .
