  about 20 % of the country 's population . 
  official number is 1 800 000 . 
  of course . 
  you know , the `` delegaci\u00f3n del gobierno '' has no means to count people . 
  also , clearly you do n't know what you are talking about , because it was not a march . 
  people were standing , not walking . 
  it was 11km long , 50 m wide . 
  so , over half a million square meters . 
  i can tell you 1 person per square meter is not what you are seing there . 
  walking ? 
  you do n't know what your are talking about , innit ? 
  it was not a march , people were standing . 
  and the total surface was over half a million square metter . 
  there were those chemical toilets . 
   but for catalonia is there a different dialect of spanish ? 
  is this some retorical question , or people from the uk really does n't know about the existence of catalan language ? 
  i mean , barcelona and the catalan coast are full of british tourists . 
  even if you did n't learn about it on school , do n't you read about it on travel guides ? 
  or feel curious for the trilingual signs in the airport , metro , museums , with first a weird language , then spanish and last english ? 
  although it is almost my own country . 
  many many catalans , when filling forms , choose andorra as their country ... 
  but well , answering the question , mediterranean france and some parts of spain . 
  what has this to do with what we were talking about ? 
  and , about your question , legally , you are . 
  we are catalans . 
  saying `` catalonians '' is like saying `` irlandians '' instead of irish . 
  it 's you , who smells like hatred !, 
  catalan , spanish , english and french . 
  can make people believe i speak some italian and portuguese ( at least i understand them and they understand me ) . 
  some german and swahili ( mostly forgoten ) . 
  so , in scotland , disagreeing is equal to being mad with the other opinion ? 
  weird . 
  there are no naked women on this post . 
  this is nsfw in / r/europe ?? 
  you have not even mentioned his name . 
  you should change your flag . 
  or make it clear you are not speaking about catalonia . 
  catalan president talks to the nation once per year , on 31 december . 
  do n't remember any other time . 
  just interviews . 
  catalan national day is 11th september . 
  we do n't really celebrate anything , but commemorate the last day we were free . 
  that 's when the spanish and french troops entered in barcelona on 1714 ( 300 years ago this years , lots of commemorations al year round ) . 
  after several years of war and being betrayed by the habsburg , the netherlands and the united kingdom we had to surrender . 
  our laws and rights were revoked . 
  we lost our court ( oldest one in the continent ) . 
  our language was forbiden . 
  guns were forbiden to the point only one knive was allowed per household , and chained to the table . 
  there are flowers offered to the dead ones , political parliaments and demonstrations on the street . 
  on 2012 about 1m people demonstrated in barcelona demanding independence . 
  on 2013 a 1,5 m people 400km human chain crossed the country from south to north . 
  for this year , another big even will be held , asking for the celebration of an independence referendum on 9th november . 
  a concentraton of people in the shape of a giant v ribbon , with the colours of the flag , in barcelona . 
  about 10km long in very wide ( 50m ? 
  streets . 
  the european part of kazakhstan is larger than all but 13 european countries . 
  i guess it might be because of entering schengen ... 
  we in catalonia have the exact same joke about andorra !, 
  dat independence ... 
  we had been part or rome for two centuries , hispania citerior , and at the end of this period it was already the tarraconensis . 
  most of main current cities already existed back then . 
  people were starting to speak vulgar latin instead of iberian , and at the end they were becoming christians , mainly in the cities . 
  a network of cities and roads , many of which still exists , some as highways , were developed . 
  a new agriculture emerged , based on cereals , grapes , and olives , and irrigation was introduced . 
  roman law , base of current law , was adopted . 
  on the second half of the 3rd century there were some germanic razzias , by franks and alemanni , and therefore some lands were abandonned . 
  i guess you mean `` of european union capitals '' . 
  what 's this flag thing ? 
  they do n't look at all as the apennines or the alps , to my eyes . 
  so , in russian you can not use `` grandpa '' talking about a generic grandpa , not your own ? 
  in russia is adoption forbidden ? 
  no black people fought in wwii ? 
  unless all three are true , your irony is not irony , just racism . 
  what 's the problem with that photo ? 
  only thing i understand is spasivo . 
  what italian mountains are those ?? 
  votes pxc ? 
  you do n't get the concept synonimous , i see ... 
  in english it is called spanish , i 'm sorry . 
  in spanish , is both called `` espa\u00f1ol '' and `` castellano '' , that can be used as synonimous ( and `` castellano '' can be used , as well , to name the dialect of castille ) . 
  they are quite idiosincratic , black and yellow . 
  the design has been copied in different towns , as dakar or calcutta , i think . 
   identifying through a common spoken language is really logical though , but would you consider me a catalan if i spoke the language ? 
  ( i wo n't be mad if you say no although i could be mistaken for someone from the area from my looks :p ) if you speak catalan and consider yourself a catalan , yes , i will consider you a catalan . 
  my grandfather came to catalonia from andalusia on 1920 , aged 22 , and died on 1986 . 
  he never spoke catalan . 
  i do n't think , even if he lived here 66 of his 88 years , he ever became a catalan . 
  but if some day my former sister in law , who came to catalonia from china on 1998 , aged 24 , and who learnt and speaks catalan tells me she consider herself a catalan , i will consider her one , of course . 
   i also like the . cat tld which is supposed to promote the catalan language , although the only site i know that uses it is https://crypto.cat and that one has a catalan version of the site , so yay . 
  do n't you know http://www.nyan.cat/ ? 
  ;-) to avoid the . cat domain become full of cat sites , the rule is that either your web site is in catalan or is about catalan culture . 
  so , people wanting a cats related . cat domain just need to translate it into catalan :-), 
  mostly because we are fed up :-) ** culture & language ** for us , a catalan is mostly someone who speaks catalan ( does n't matter they way they learnt it ) and wants to be a catalan . 
  so , language is a key for our identity . 
  even if one fourth of spaniards live on catalan speaking areas , catalan is not official in spain in the sense french is in belgium or switzerland . 
  even if only a few hundred thousand people speak maltese , it is an official language in the eu . 
  catalan is spoken but some millions , and is not , because spain does n't want it to be . 
  spanish spends lots of money promoting spanish language . 
  nothing similar for catalan . 
  many laws impose spanish .
