  by the way , you forgot to paint the european part of kazakhstan . 
  because i think it 's much more important that a european government gives diplomas to nazi groups than that a greek mp , not even in the government , shouts heil hitler . 
  and first time it was caught wrongly as spam for maybe 20 hours , so it is as if it had not been sent . 
  google automatic translation into english is quite understandable . 
  here you have some info directly in english : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1eglo0/spain_still_proud_of_having_helped_nazi_germany/, 
  and funny enough , morocco is fighting salafists . 
  so , he should have to be some sort of triple spy , working for morocco , salafists , and catalans ... and of course there has been no trial and his lawyer has seen no evidences . 
  this was about 35 years ago , and the options were this constitution or nothing ( well , keep on with the dictatorship laws ) . 
  there are cheap roads and an expensive toll highway . 
  aside , none was talking aobut a high speed train , but about a european witdh railway to export to europe . 
  right now it 's an iberian width railway , and in some parts a single railway ( so a train going south might have to wait until the train going north is in a station ) . 
  look it up in wikipedia . 
  we are not talking in german . 
  we are talking in english . 
  catalans being catalans is telling someone that the ** english ** name of catalonia is this , ** catalonia ?? 
  for your information , a ) the name in the local language is catalunya ( the name in catalan ) b ) he wrote catalu\u00f1a ( the name in spanish ) c ) i told him it 's called catalonia ( the name in english ) d ) we are writing right now in english so , what the fuck are you telling me ??? 
  just for your information , catalonia is not a language , is a country . 
  it 's called catalonia . 
  in a catalan newspaper it makes sense telling how many in catalonia . 
  here , given it 's well below the mean , it makes no sense mentioning catalonia , as if it was a special case . 
  croatia , maybe ? 
  by the way , you know the game is about europe , do n't you ? 
  in different areas they are putting bigger taxes on empy houses . 
  the article mentions 3000 in spain . 
  100 in catalonia would be a lot below the mean . 
   a lot of people are loosing housing in cities . 
  and there are even more empty houses in cities than people loosing houses . 
  albania ? 
  look at the name of the file : map_wolf_2000 . png it seems to indicate the information is from year 2000 . 
  by the name , the map seems to show the situation on year 2000 . 
  by the name , the map seems to be from 2000 . 
  the title is wrong . 
  the map includes at least eurasian and iberian wolves , maybe some others too , as the tundra wolf and the steppe wolf . 
  and you post this in / r/europe because ... ? 
  i do n't like it . 
  and even less in some countries they carry machine guns . 
  anyway , here , it 's really really strange for a policeman to shoot the gun . 
  in fact , the last time i read about it , it was a policeman shooting a wildbear who had entered long into the city . 
  and did they all arrive during 2009 , 2010 or 2011 ? 
  i asked in r/antrhopology . 
  i guess historians might know about old ones , not actual ones . 
  no sarcasm intended . 
  last poll ( this month ) , 70 % would say no to join the eu in a referendum . 
  well , when the internal expansion with east germany they created new rules . 
  with the withdrawal of greenland they also created new rules . 
  it would not be strange if they created new ones in that case . 
  also , i guess they 'd be on top of the queue , as all european rules , laws and conditions of entry are already completely fullfilled . 
  who do you bet will be the 29th country ? 
  catalonia or scotland ? 
  i guess they mean gay friendly . 
  come to catalonia . 
  what is `` yellow '' cheese ? 
  occitan is also official . 
  you forget about us . 
  multiple personality disorder does not exist , but in films and tv series . 
  i 'd like to see some statistics favorable to the us , if they exist . 
  l'emigrant , too . 
  here we are also very good at hockey , just not your kind of hockey :-), 
  an even cooler thing about bar\u00e7a is that most of its players grew up in the same club . 
  in many games this year , 9 or 10 of the 11 players have been in the club since they were 12 or younger . 
  but , anyway , you are right . 
  btw , you 'd do better with a panescandinavian or nordic league . 
  here everybody agrees that , after independence , main catalan teams must ask to play in some major league , be it stay in the spanish one or go to french or italian ones . 
  futbol club barcelona 100 % of shares are owned by a sports-association . 
  well , in fact there are not shares . 
  it 's just a sports-association . 
  so , no reason for you to be ranked 28th . 
  i 've edited my original post . 
  i said 8 % of taxes but i meant an 8 % of our gdp . 
  in fact , it 's equivalent to 40 % of the taxes paid here , so we only keep 60 % of them . 
  this includes all spending , including the proportional part of things like public television , army , embassies and so on . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't believe you . 
  any source ? 
  or by local public spending you do n't mean public spending locally by any administration , but public spending by local administrations ? 
  aside of what other answers have said , they are not expoliated by the central government . 
  in fact , they give almost nothing as solidarity to other part of the country . 
  for example , catalonia has a similar industrialization , but we give about an 8 % of our taxes . 
  no other european region gives such a big share ( usually , less than a 4 % ) . 
  edit : i 'm absolutely sorry !, 
  i said 8 % of taxes but i meant an 8 % of our gdp . 
  in fact , it 's equivalent to 40 % of the taxes paid here . 
  we were talking about the sun insolation , no about the climate , sorry . 
  and about your correction , wow , yes , 23 hours closer !, 
  spain and portugal are at the latitude of new york of pennsylvania . 
  that 's the prohibition of the name , as i said , not of the cake , as you said . 
  where in your link does it talk about the french revolution and so on ? 
  it just says the name was forbidden , that 's all . 
  not about a substitution of the northern cake by the southern one . 
  in catalonia in the last maybe 10 years you can find `` troncs de nadal '' , b\u00fbches de no\u00ebl , in pastisseries . 
  they fit quite well with our own ti\u00f3 ( log ) tradition . 
  any source ? 
  if christmas eve is the night before christmas , no typical food or customs at all . 
  i think very religious people go to church that night . 
  that 's all . 
  and italy , and even more portugal . 
  2,51 % , right now . 
  results at midnight , with 98,73 % counted votes ( 4 065 524 ) * jxs 62 seats * c 's 25 seats * psc 16 seats * csqep 11 seats * pp 11 seats * cup 10 seats so , yes 72 seats , no 52 , neither 11 yes 47,86 % , no 39,07 % , neither 8,90 % , other ( out of parliament ) 3,63 % , blank 0,53 % * junts pel s\u00ed ( together for yes ) is a pro independence coalition * ciutadans ( liberal ) is clearly unionist * psc ( socialist party ) is supposedly federalist , but count as strict unionist . 
  * catalunya s\u00ed que es pot ( nonsense name that translates as `` catalonia yes it 's possible '' ) is a left wing coalition ( podemos and others ) , are for a referendum , and have people inside for and against independence . 
  * pp ( popular party ) is clearly unionist * cup ( popular unity candidature ) is radical left pro independence . 
  a party that had representation , uni\u00f3 , is now out of parliament .
