  what is it about la rambla and barceloneta that you do n't like ? 
  there are hardly drunken tourists around there . 
  fair enough . 
  you kind of wish the police would hang around at night to keep the place safe though . 
  although it would probably be pushing the problem into nearby back streets . 
  by the way , is barceloneta that bad compared to la rambla ? 
  i know a ( beautiful i might add ) catalan girl who said she did n't like it because the water was polluted and the area was full of tourists . 
  by `` bad people '' i assume you mean mutant tourists emerge from the polluted water . 
  :p only kidding . 
  all the best . 
  the hatchet job in the la raz\u00f3n article is unreal . 
  many thanks for your reply . 
  wow , a spaniard with an interest in irish politics . 
   to be honest , it 's is a bit like in spain , an unprecedented situation and nobody knows what 's going to happen . 
  new elections without at least trying to strike a deal would probably produce a worse result for fg and maybe ff too . 
  personally i 'd like fg and ff to merge . 
  for me , ff and fg are basically the same as both are essentially right-wing parties ( although ff is much more populist ) . 
  i know most spaniards are fed up of * bipartidismo . 
  * but unlike spain where there is a left/right divide between pp and psoe , the two party system in ireland is essentially a * turno pac\u00edfico * between two right wing parties . 
  however , ff and fgs supporters are opposed to such a deal as it would make sinn f\u00e9in the main opposition party . 
  the idea of sinn f\u00e9in in power is quite scary for the right wing in ireland ( which is why newspapers like the irish independent are constantly attacking sf ) . 
  what i suspect will happen is that water charges will be abolished but irish water ( the institution set up to introduce them ) will remain . 
  that will shake things up a bit for new elections to be held that would produce a different result . 
  tl : dr new elections are likely later this year or next year . 
  who would you vote for out of curiosity ? 
   others proposed leaving the doric column but replacing the man on top , with the virgin mary , jim larkin , robert emmet and even john f. kennedy proposed at different times . 
  they should have done something like this or changed the figure on it every so often in my opinion . 
  maybe we can help them without removing the dams ? 
  in addition , i always wondered where they got the [ figure of $ 540 billion ] ( https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*eibivuokvumnxvhk0v4pmw.jpeg ) that they said was robbed . 
  that figure is about twice ireland 's gdp . 
   i 've seen absoluetely mad numbers being bandied around on placards ( `` e500 billion off the coast ! '' ) . 
  [ case and point . 
  ] ( https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*eibivuokvumnxvhk0v4pmw.jpeg ), 
  yeah , it 's called the * korrika . 
  * some basques in dublin organised a small event to commemorate it last year . 
  otherwise i completely agree that basque is a good example of how an endangered language has flourished . 
  i think we could also learn a lot from the progress made with welsh in recent years . 
  do you live over there by any chance ? 
  i 've got a mate in the basque country . 
  this . 
  for me , islamism ( which wahhabism almost always leads to ) is a supremacist doctrine like any other . 
  al-qadri said a while back that there are isis sympathisers in the muslim community here in ireland ( google it if you do n't believe me ) . 
  that is pretty worrying in my view . 
  why do you say that ? 
  are you referring to the clonskeagh mosque in dublin by any chance ? 
  i know that one has links with the muslim brotherhood ( who have very conservative islamic views to put it mildly ) but did n't know about it being `` full of radicals . '', 
  if you have any further information on that mosque , i 'd be interested . 
  i was there last summer and can confirm there is one . 
  it does n't get a lot of tourists and has large ( as well as dangerous unfortunately ) council estates/banlieues . 
  however , some sights there like notre-dame de la garde are [ quite beautiful ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/notre-dame_de_la_garde ) and worth a visit . 
  i would agree . 
  it does n't cover the whole city but it makes getting to many parts very easy . 
  when i was there my portuguese friend told me though that it 'd recently been privatised and as a result the service had gotten worse . 
  do you know their names ? 
  i 'd like to look them up . 
   plenty of leeway for some quality fund misappropriation, 
  it 's called consultancy . 
  what catholic anti-abortion group are they talking about ? 
  youth defence or something ? 
  the guards are also repeatedly warning them the entire time to move back . 
  yet the other crowd keep going and push the guards . 
  well , your majesty is welcome here . 
  i completely agree with the idea that they should assimilate . 
  however , a large number of people ( particularly from the left unfortunately ) advocate multiculturalism and find the idea of assimilation objectionable . 
  so they are unlikely to support policies aimed at promoting assimilation of travellers , just as they are unlikely to support assimilation of more recent arrivals to ireland . 
  where abouts in mexico are you from , se\u00f1or ? 
  i was in mexico city once and visited chapultepec ( where they hanged the survivors of the batallion ) . 
  i presume you guys learn about the american-mexican war in school , but do many people in mexico know about this batallion ? 
  many thanks for that . 
  i was in coyoac\u00e1n too ( i stayed very near the * casa azul * in fact , but i was unaware of that connection . 
  best wishes from dublin . 
  yes , that last line is quite daft . 
  however , i think the article has a point in the different reactions to these crimes . 
  both asad shah and the imam were murdered because of who they were together with their religious beliefs . 
  if they had been murdered by somebody else , say a far-right extremist , these attacks would have been condemned and described as islamophobic . 
  in this case they were condemned as appalling acts but the word `` islamophobic '' did not feature . 
  in my opinion , when you move to another country , you must adapt , integrate and accept the values of that country . 
  in this case female genital mutilation not only goes against the values of this country but is against the law ( and has been [ since 2012 ] ( http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/2012/act/11/enacted/en/pdf ) ) . 
  i do n't care how [ common this practice is ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/fgm_prevalence_15%e2%80%9349_%282014%29.svg ) or whether this is considered normal in your country , you have to adapt to what is expected of you here . 
  these people either do n't know the law or simply do n't care and do it regardless . 
  i did n't say anything about changing religion and i think obeying the law of the land should go without saying . 
  however , in my point of view assimilation and accepting the values of the country you move to is also important . 
  ** but ** that has n't happened in many cases , which is why we repeatedly have clashes of values in europe over blasphemy , dress , freedom of religion among other issues . 
  many people of immigrant background maintain the values of their country of origin with regards these issues which are very different to ours ( if not incompatible ) . 
  distinguishing between which values are oppressive and dangerous is something subjective , no ? 
  however , if you really believe the values of a certain country are oppressive and dangerous , it 's probably a very bad idea to go there . 
  of course irish people differ greatly on things like divorce and abortion . 
  i think our most important values are reflected in things like the constitution . 
  the constitution is a working document that needs to be updated , but i think it 's pretty clear that ireland is undoing the hold of the catholic church slowly moving towards becoming a secular society . 
  my point is that if you do n't accept freedom of religion , separation of church and state and that men and women are equal before the law , then do n't come to ireland . 
  all those things are enshrined in our constitution but are not shared in many parts of the world ( including in many muslim majority countries ) . 
  i find it ironic that his family are campaigning for ibrahim 's human rights while simultaneously supporting the muslim brotherhood . 
  given that the latter wants sharia law in egypt and does n't view women or non-muslims as equals , the halawas clearly do n't care about * universal * human rights . 
  i agree . 
  i think it was a mistake and that the eurozone might yet collapse . 
  southern europe like spain , greece or italy are stagnating or in decline , with high unemployment ( 20 percent ) , low growth and all the while sinking further into debt . 
  i say all that despite being `` pro-europe '' in that i think european integration has overall been a good thing . 
  great bunch of lads !, 
  on another note , is n't it difficult to translate names with chinese characters ? 
  i wonder how they managed with pearse , connolly , mcdonagh etc.
