  the asshole now works for ukip as a press officer . 
  i am having a tough one to be honest . 
  the girl i was seeing broke up with me and i had to work today ( from home but still ) . 
  to make matters worse , they are making me do a lot of overtime at work at the moment which i am not paid for or compensated for . 
  i will have to work late this evening and many times this week . 
  my boss does n't care about the hours that go in and often speaks to me quite rudely ( shouting and sometimes using swear words ) . 
  that 's my situation at the moment ( i thought i 'd answer the question honestly ) . 
  i hope you all are better and enjoyed the sunshine this weekend . 
  thanks , i appreciate the message . 
  i am considering leaving but doing so is complicated . 
  the place i work has me locked into a contract until october ( they paid for a course i did and have the right to sue me if i leave ) . 
  i do n't like the idea of paying off the people who wronged me if you know what i mean and am also conscious of the fact october is n't too far away . 
  what 's your home country op ? 
  either way , i 'm sorry but this is a real problem here . 
  i do n't think * all * schools should be gaelscoileanna , but i do think it 'd be easier to increase their number and the number of people speaking irish if they made it possible for schools to transition into gaelscoileanna . 
  they have done that in the basque country in the last 50 years to the point where nowadays 60 percent of school kids are taught through basque and a further 20 percent attend bilingual schools . 
  we do n't have to aim that high but we could learn a lesson or two anyway . 
  i 'd just be happy if they built the fecking thing . 
  they 've been talking about it for years . 
  yep , this will probably be on joe.ie if it is n't already . 
  no , they just maul them to death so that 's fine then . 
  you know , farmers regard badgers as a threat to livestock ( at least in ireland ) yet instead of hunting them with dogs as was done in centuries past , they are culled and are at least given a quick death . 
  why ca n't foxes be culled instead of being chased by dogs until they are eventually caught and mailed to death ? 
  as for keeping rural traditions alive , well dog fighting and badger baiting were once rural traditions but are now banned . 
  are you happy for those to be legalised too ? 
  i went out with a girl who was highly opinionated on abortion ( from a pro-choice perspective ) and was not willing to concede at all that it can be a complex topic . 
  she used to describe the foetus as a `` parasite '' that lived off the mother and as such it was completely up to the mother as to what was done with it . 
  i was appalled at such a sentiment and language . 
  they seem to be oblivious to the fact that the elected representatives of the people , * both men and women , * will be deciding when such a vote is called and what legislation with respect to abortion is passed . 
  eh , the people who approach you asking for spare change in the city centre are n't necessarily scammers . 
  i generally do n't give to them but at times i buy food or something else for them . 
  i agree and thanks for the link to that article . 
  beautiful . 
   they 'd nearly drive you to islam - at least those lads just stand there and do n't piss off everyone !, 
  while those guys do n't shout at you , but they are seeking to advance ideas that most irish people would find pretty extreme or out of line with our values . 
  no doubt the ideas those guys are promoting are pretty intolerant with regards the rights of religious freedom , gays and women . 
  besides i wonder if they would be cool with christian preachers trying to convert people in muslim majority countries . 
  fair enough . 
  i was n't suggesting for a moment that we should . 
  what i was saying is that even if they just stand there , those muslim preachers are expousing serious intolerance and/or bigotry , which i believe are out of line with our values . 
  awful tragedy . 
  i was worried that something like that could happen in dun laoghaire for a while now , especially after that tragedy up in donegal . 
  for a start , by hiring lower numbers of staff on lower wages than they are currently on in the public sector and without the kind of pension plans they currently receive . 
  private companies are in it for the profit , end of story . 
  in the public sector a number of different priorities come into play such as providing a public service ( including free/reduced transport for the elderly/disabled ) or maintaining loss making routes . 
  in the current system in cie , they also seek to provide what it considers to be fair terms of employment for its workers with regards wages and pensions , as well as including union representation on its boards . 
  that can result in slightly less flexibility with regards decisions as well as a higher payroll/pension cost . 
  absolutely agree . 
  on an unrelated note , i saw that the mosque in question is an [ ahmadi one . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmadiyya#summary_of_beliefs ) they are a group within islam with slightly different beliefs ( a bit like the mormons are within christianity ) but are known for known for their peacefulness . 
  unfortunately , many muslims view them as heretics and they suffer from severe persecution in countries like pakistan . 
  i agree that there is no chance of muslims becoming the majority of the population in ireland . 
  however , it is not just the far-right who talk about that possibility but muslims here in ireland . 
  christ , ali selim from the clonskeagh mosque has called for [ sharia law in ireland if muslims become the majority !, 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/sharia-law-in-ireland-if-muslims-are-the-majority-26416822.html ) it is hard not to see such talk of becoming a majority and imposing sharia law on the rest of country as a supremacist position . 
  that 's quite a regressive stance . 
  so it 's alright for people in ireland to have their hands cut off or be executed for adultery or apostasy provided it 's muslims in ireland doing it to muslims ? 
  because that 's what sharia law entails , what mr. selim is advocating and what you are defending . 
  i do n't know about you , but i believe in one law for everybody , based on what the elected representatives of the people have decided . 
  mr. selim clearly does not and i do not think that bodes well for our society in the long term . 
  he does n't speak for all irish muslims , just as a spokesman for one of the largest mosques in ireland . 
  do you mind telling me how i was fear mongering ? 
  i have already agreed that there is no chance of muslims becoming a majority in ireland and ( by extension ) that sharia law will never be implemented . 
  i pointed out an extremist 's view about sharia law in ireland and that such a view does n't bode well for our society . 
  i think that 's more than fair as he spokesperson for one of the largest mosques in ireland and that it only takes a few extremists to cause havoc ( as happened in london last weekend ) . 
  given that these are the views the spokesperson openly espouses , i wonder what is being taught to the children there . 
  to sum up , there will never be sharia law here , but will there be islamists or those who support/sympathise with jihadis ? 
  most likely in my opinion . 
  some context is important here , particularly with regards albania . 
  both of these were former communist countries where religious belief was discouraged . 
  with regards albania , state atheism was the official state doctrine for almost two decades and as a result most albanians do n't consider religion an important part of their life . 
  is it any surprise that in a mostly irreligious society that there are fewer fundamentalists among those who are religious ? 
  glad you liked it !, 
  where abouts in the world are you from ? 
  you seem to know a fair bit about the ottoman empire and islamism . 
  are there any books/resources that you would recommend ? 
  i am interested in learning more . 
  i do n't share your views but i 'm not going to brigade you either . 
  i think it 's really sad that such messages ( which are sometimes grotesque or contain threats ) have become common . 
  i 'm in the same boat as you and also thinking about emigrating again . 
  i 'd like to move out again ( here in dublin ) to try that for a while before i do it though . 
  sorry about that . 
  it bothers me but then again i do n't live in his constituency . 
  i thought that was unreal as well . 
  this is a better example . 
  the basque country has focused heavily on language immersion ( teaching through basque ) . 
  at the moment 65 percent of students in the basque country go to primary schools where they are taught in basque and a further 27 percent go to bilingual schools ( where subjects are taught through spanish and basque ) . 
  spanish dominates in the basque country and most basque nationalists i meet see no point in replacing it . 
  but they do see creating a bilingual society as possible and with these measures the number of basque speakers keeps increasing . 
  by comparison , the number of students attending gaelscoileanna is about 6 percent . 
  what 's wrong with the existing roads/trainline with dublin ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  unless you mean that those could be upgraded . 
  i 'm not saying it happens everywhere with sinn f\u00e9in , but the party has in the past tried to pursuade voters to back it because they are catholic . 
  do you remember [ this leaflet ] ( http://i3.belfastlive.co.uk/incoming/article9180347.ece/alternates/s615/sf-leaflet.jpg ) from 2015 ? 
  this whole redevelopment hinges on metro north apparently , which the government keeps promising before pushing back . 
  three serious crimes took place in 1996 alone , how the fuck was he not locked up for a long time ? 
  how was he not in prison for a decade or more ? 
  ftfy, 
  what campaign ?
