  there 's also a statue of him along the quays in dublin . 
   does anyone left or right genuinely support an immigration system where we turn away the best and brightest from our commonwealth , people with links and family here in order to make room for unskilled immigration from southern and eastern europe . 
  by forming part of the eu , you 're not just allowing in `` unskilled immigrants '' from southern and eastern europe at the expense of the commonwealth . 
  you 're also allowing in highly skilled labour from the rest of europe that is often crucial for many sectors of the british economy . 
  i do n't mean to discredit the skills of australians and indians , but some of the best trained engineers in the world come from germany . 
  what the hell is the problem if britain has german engineers rather than australian ones ? 
  then of course there 's the reality that immigrants from the eea are net contributors into the fiscal system in the uk . 
  so given that the southern & eastern european immigrants are actually paying in more than they receive , i 'd say why not . 
  but i guess it wins more votes to appeal to people 's prejudices rather than reality . 
  finally , i have many friends and family members who live , work , pay taxes and abide by the law in the uk , yet are smeared in this way because of their ( non-british ) nationality . 
  since they wo n't have a say in a british general election , on behalf of them i 'd like to ask reckless and the ukip crowd to kindly fuck off . 
   well this is embarrassing . 
  eu nationals have the right to vote in the uk . 
  no , it 's not . 
  eu nationals have the right to vote in european , local elections as well as some referendums . 
  [ eu nationals do n't have the right to vote in general elections ] ( http://www.aboutmyvote.co.uk/who_can_register_to_vote.aspx ) , which ( as you can see above ) was my point in the first place . 
  they wo n't have a right to vote in deciding the next government of the land ( or in reckless ' by-election ) or on the stance it takes with regards people like them . 
  so when they do n't have a vote to protest with , i think they are entitled to tell such politicians to fuck off . 
  as for discrimination with regards europe , i 'm afraid i have to disagree . 
  it 's also discrimination to favour immigrants from the commonwealth rather than immigrants from southern/eastern europe . 
  if we can agree that there is no difference between skilled immigration from australia or germany , then why leave the eu `` to embrace the commonwealth '' as people like dan hannan suggest ? 
  secondly i 'm defending a system that allows british people rights elsewhere in the eu and at the same time insists eu citizens have the same treatment in the uk . 
  it 's also hypocritical to allow british people to work and live elsewhere in the eu without a visa ( particularly southern europe ) , while at the same time opposing southern europeans having the same right ( like reckless is doing ) . 
  you can probably see that i am in favour of britain staying in . 
  but i believe the british people should have a say on whether they stay in the eu or not in 2017 and hope they will get that . 
  yes , they can register to vote and vote in european/local elections . 
  they can not vote in british general elections ( which was my point ) as per the website :, 
   citizens of the european union ( who are not commonwealth citizens or citizens of the republic of ireland ) can vote in european and local elections in the uk , elections to the scottish parliament and welsh and northern ireland assemblies ( if they live in those areas ) and some referendums ( based on the rules for the particular referendum ) ** but are not able to vote in uk parliamentary general elections . 
  right ladies and gents , now comes the cumpolsory question : who do you think will form a government after the next general election ? 
  what about a coalition between `` republican '' parties like ff and sf ? 
  or as others have suggested , one between ff and fg ? 
  the latter two are pretty similar after all . 
  i agree with what your saying , but who would be their coalition partner if not for ff ? 
  labour will be pretty decimated at the next election , i 'm afraid . 
  while i am completely opposed to poaching , i still find it astounding that rhino horn is worth more than their weight in gold . 
  it 's a substance very similar to the human finger nail !, 
  yeah . 
  there are six million people living on this little island . 
  last time i checked they did not all live in dublin city centre . 
  i generally try my best to pick up rubbish when i see it left in the street ( such as cans/bottles ) and put it in a bin . 
  but to be perfectly honest , it 's incredibly frustrating just how quickly it 'll be the same . 
  a lot of people here simply do n't care about holding onto their rubbish until they find a bin . 
   `` republicans are no different to any other irish citizens . '', 
  aye , so then they should have no qualms about being subject to the same laws as ordinary irish citizens . 
  but time and again ( even since the peace process was signed ) the pira and sinn fein members have held themselves above the law . 
  both in ireland ( see the murder of robert mccartney ) and overseas ( see the colombia three ) . 
  you 're on to something there , but i ca n't see any way sf are going to be destroyed by this issue . 
  at the maximum it will slow their electoral rise ( not stop it ) with the party easily picking up twenty percent of the vote or more at the next election . 
  the people who agree with the party on socio-economic issues will probably still vote for it . 
  however , if somebody like mary lou left to form her own party ( of the same socio-economic outlook but without the baggage of sf ) this would rise unabated . 
  i think that 's the crux of the issue , sf is still the only other alternative on the left and many are too disillusioned with labour . 
  edit : i should also say i 'm not a member either and gave never voted for them . 
  i had n't seen that thread before . 
  all i will say is that i ca n't imagine any other party in opposition such as ff of the socialist party ( or without representation such as the greens ) openly posting their program on, 
  this sub . 
  somehow people on this sub make an exception with sf compared to other political parties . 
  i realise the title was editorialised and apologise for not using the other one . 
  the above was the title on the irish times homepage that linked to the article . 
  it 's seriously disappointing that dublin city council passed that motion but i 'm not surprised as the anti-fluoridation movement is pretty desperate to make its voice heard . 
  i even saw a few posters at the water charges protest a few weeks ago along the lines of `` not paying for poisoned water . '', 
  the water is not poisoned dammit !, 
  sorry , i did n't see that . 
  i 'll remove it so . 
  i do n't know if it is in any way related to this case but there was a `` waterford against roma '' facebook page a few months ago . 
  that was racist plain and simple yet people were oblivious to that or simply did n't care . 
  if you do n't believe me , substitute the term roma with any other ethnic group and you 'll realise just how racist that is . 
  notice that the facebook page against anti-social behaviour that affects all communities but instead against the roma community . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head when you said they were n't out protesting against the irish criminal families . 
  the message seems to be that if you 're an irish family involved in criminal activity , they 'll leave it to the guards to deal with you . 
  but if you 're from a different ethnic group , they 'll drive you out of your home . 
  it has always amazed me how close a ~ ~ independent ~ ~ fianna f\u00e1il candidate came to winning the presidency just a few months after the thrashing they got in the general election . 
  if i recall correctly when they introduced those electronic panels with real time information the unions resisted as they insisted they were a form of job evaluation and thus the workers were entitled to an increase . 
  were people doing that down in waterford ? 
  they ask about your criminal record when you get a visa to go over there . 
  i did n't know that having one was still a requirement . 
  i would like to go but i have to work , both tomorrow and on sunday . 
  if anything is still happening when i get out of work in the evening i 'll participate then . 
  i think it 's stupid that some of sf 's councillors have joined the anti-fluoride bandwagon , but does the party have a policy on this ? 
  or have the leadership said anything about it ? 
  there 's no downvote brigade . 
  but you got to admit sf have a lot more open party support on / r/ireland than other parties . 
  i 've found that tends to impact on the discussion of the party here . 
  thank you for filling me in on that . 
  we 're you down at dursey island by any chance ? 
  the photo reminded me of the cable car out to it . 
  thank you for these great photos and i 'm glad you enjoyed your time here . 
  you 're welcome back anytime . 
  to be honest i do n't see how a $ 500 a head dinner fits with the ideals or objectives of a socialist party . 
  mind you , i would say the same about any other left wing party doing the same . 
  please , fosf is not a cultural organisation nor an ngo working amongst the irish diaspora , nor is it even registered as one . 
  it is effectively a foreign agent of the party seeking to strengthen links between irish communities and sf , as reflected in its legal status . 
  those social/educational programmes for the diaspora in the usa are clearly aimed at strengthening support for sinn f\u00e9in and its objectives . 
  sinn f\u00e9in are legally entitled to do that , but i think we should be clear on that . 
  ** edit ** i stand corrected about the money not going to sinn f\u00e9in itself though . 
  i apologise for my mistake . 
   because wwi was a war between rival empires . 
  it had nothing to do with `` freedom '' . 
  pretty much , but towards the end of the war the allies [ kindof allied themselves to minority groups in the central powers . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_legions_in_world_war_i ) historians can decide whether that was out of principle or just opportunism . 
  it led to self-determination for many small peoples seeking to break away from the empires they found themselves in .
