that sounds awesome !, 
  would you recommend the experience to a fellow irishman ? 
  is there a lot of work teaching english out there ? 
  i have some portuguese so i 'd love to go . 
  what would you recommend to get started ? 
  what ? 
  he does n't poop . 
  the man must definitely be full of shit so !, 
  on the 45 bus out into bray a few years ago . 
  i was sitting near a pair of scumbags on the top floor who were complaining about `` the amount of chinese people . '', 
  there were two chinese people sitting further up the bus minding their own business . 
  thankfully they managed to ignore the few insults the scumbags threw at them , such as `` go back to china ye cunts ! '', 
  when the chinese people got off one of the scumbags piped up that he 'd `` love to do their faces in with a bottle . '', 
  i 'm afraid to say i was intimidated by them and did n't intervene . 
  for those of you who do n't know about it , please check out this article as well : http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2011/1203/1224308525653.html, 
  there should be a lot more outrage in the media at what 's going on given that public money is n't being properly accounted for . 
  in addition to private donations , the government gives a substantial amount to this ngo to help with aid work overseas . 
  so far , every attempt to bring about full accountability in the organisation has been hindered with board members resigning and complaining of being `` abused '' by mr. o'shea . 
  for the record , this is n't the first time the entire goal board has resigned in a dispute between the staff and mr. o'shea over the running of the organisation . 
  i have friends who have worked in this organisation , so i have heard first hand about the serious `` corporate management issues '' at stake here . 
  to put it mildly , mr. o'shea appears to be obstructing serious reforms and hindering his own aid agency 's work . 
  reddit : where is the public outrage ? 
  have you heard about such things happening in other charities ? 
  yeah , i ca n't find anything about it either . 
  perhaps it was n't well documented , although the wikipedia article does include a section about the draining of the water tanks . 
  anybody care to share light on this ? 
  it 's true that the argentine case almost rests entirely on geography , but i think there is a certain bias in the way the british media presents the case . 
  frankly , every government has a lot of skeletons in its closet of some kind , but i ca n't help but think that britain only cares about the falklands because they 're politically convenient back home . 
  britain expelled the entire population of diego garcia in the early 1970s to allow for a military base and refuses to allow the population to reside anywhere near it . 
  while some were from the seychelles most of the population had been there for generations and were arguably british subjects . 
  despite the questionable legality of the expulsion which has been challenged many times , the british government has tried every trick in the book to avoid allowing them to return . 
  the falkland islanders do n't want to be argentinian and that 's their right . 
  however , i doubt the chagossians wanted to be expelled either . 
  if you ask me the british government can maintain their legal claim but ca n't claim the moral high ground on this issue . 
  his spanish is absolutely terrible as well . 
  honestly , he can barely pull a sentence together without a major gramatical error . 
  for the idiots who are trying to defend him who are trying to disregard the objectivity of this you are left with this question : how on earth can claim to be making a documentary if he does n't speak spanish or have a translator ? 
  how can he find out what the people he meets truly think if he ca n't even ask questions ? 
  it really annoyed me that he most of it was just his voiceover trying to justify his behaviour and his view of cuba . 
  if people are truly interested in this topic , there 's a better video here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9byq34l1ri, 
  he may be a good photographer but as others have said he 's just documenting his sex tourism and taking advantage of his wealth compared to the rest of the population . 
  enough said . 
  i 'm not from spain but having travelled there i can tell you that it 's possible to hitchhike around ( though there might be laws that i am n't familiar with ) . 
  if i were you , i 'd stay in the students hostel luis velez in madrid . 
  it actually doubles as a student residence so it 's pretty fitted out ( i got a double room for 20 euros last time i was there ) . 
  if that 's not you 're thing , i 'd recommend couchsurfing as it 's a better way to get to know people from the area ( and it 's free ! ) . 
  i did it several times in spain when i was travelling alone and it made it all the more enjoyable . 
  it does depend on who you stay with however . 
  i once stayed with a group of students in their apartment and they insisted i did n't pay for anything while i was there . 
   in case the distances are too great when you 're travelling around , there are always cheap buses available at alsa.es . 
  as for things to see and do , i 'd recommend going to toledo or salamanca first as they are relatively close to madrid . 
  from there you could go to cities like segovia , avila , burgos and even portugal . 
  that 's the great thing about visiting spain , there are so many places to visit like valencia , barcelona and the basque country too . 
  if it 's your thing , i 'd look at walking part of the way of st. james as it 's very cheap and an easy way to meet new people . 
  good to see you speak spanish , it 'll come in handy on the way . 
  safe travels and if you have any other questions , feel free to ask . 
  so he makes money through his site , more power to him !, 
  i bet the rest of us wish we had thought of that . 
  besides , you can learn a lot through his blog for free so i do n't see how that is an issue . 
  plus the forums are a great way to find links to useful sites . 
  overall i think his site helps get people out there in the real world practising . 
  from some of the comments here , i can see that people are eager to bring him down a notch for not being up to a certain standard with the chinese mission . 
  while he may have changed his criteria , i think it 's good to be ambitious and to apply yourself like he 's done . 
  hopefully it 'll encourage others to do the same . 
  i know people from uni who spent 6 months to a year in china without making any real effort to learn mandarin . 
  so what if he appears little full of himself as you say ? 
  i think he 's helping people lose their inhibitions which is a great thing . 
  i will agree that the languages he learnt the languages he speaks fluently over a longer period than 3 months and that he defines his goals in a loose way . 
  but in the end of the day , he does speak 8 languages . 
  sorry , i never saw your reply on this thing . 
  if you are n't in spain already , i recommend you use hostelworld.com to book hostels in places where you do n't have a place to stay . 
  otherwise , just create an account on couchsurfing.org and start look for people there who are willing to host you ( the site has a search engine for people who are willing to host wherever you are in the world or wherever you 're going ) . 
  enjoy every minute of it , just remember to extend the kindness to somebody else when their turn comes around someday . 
  first of all , i am a big fan of your site and admire the fact that you put yourself out there . 
  i also think it 's great that you encourage others to get out there and use their target language all the time . 
  really , i do . 
  however , i really think you need to tone down your rebuttals . 
  not all of the discussion about your chinese mission site is hate after all , a lot of people really admire what you did . 
  but as for the flamewars and name calling , simply do n't feed the trolls !, 
  if you really have no patience for people `` needlessly criticising '' your mission , then you 'd be better off disregarding their posts entirely . 
  do you know where i can read a copy of that account ? 
  i am interested in casement and would be very interested in reading it . 
  come on , that 's not appropriate at all . 
  i ca n't say i followed his chinese mission all that much as i had other commitments at the time , but from what i gather he improved a lot even if he did n't reach his stated goal of c1/hsk5 . 
  correct me if i 'm mistaken on that . 
  while he might n't have reached his original target , i think he improved a lot and showed that the all important skill of speaking might n't be as hard when it comes to chinese . 
  so many people do n't get that far with chinese that i have to take my hat off to the guy . 
  case and point since i like history , the people who really profited from trade in the early days of hong kong were the chinese assistants to the british traders who translated everything the latter needed . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know a lot about arabic to give him any feedback or provide much assessment on this mission ( that 's why i asked for your thoughts ) . 
  it seems very interesting anyway and i wish the guy well . 
  australia you ca n't talk , you do n't have a president !, 
  for the dele you should definitely get a book of sample papers printed by edelsa . 
  they may follow the old format but they 'll help anyway . 
  just so you know , there is a sample paper of the new format on the official website for the dele . 
  apart from that , i recommend you practice the oral component with a native , preferably a teacher . 
  try to stick to the time allocated so you 're getting as much exam preparation as possible . 
  check out italki.com for teachers who are willing to give lessons over skype . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't give any advice for hsk , but in any case i wish you all the best of luck with both . 
   i 'm off to try the dele c2 myself this fall . 
  sorry but the fact that you mentioned the team helping her with the film reminded me of the following from the simpsons :,
