  maybe in a year or two i 'll take the plunge . 
  oh , spaniards generally tell me that my pronunciation is good although i still have an accent . 
  people from everywhere else generally laugh at my `` ceceo '' , as it probably sounds strange from a foreigner . 
  as for the `` doble r '' , i can do it but it still does n't sound like a native speaker . 
  i remember meeting a cuban guy who wanted to know if i was spanish or not and insisted i say : `` los perros mueren . '', 
  anyway he knew after i said it that i was n't a native speaker . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's recognised all around the world , but the common european framework of reference is reasonably well known . 
  i think what matters is the fact that you get it from an official institution like alliance fran\u00e7aise , goethe-institut or instituto cam\u00f5es . 
  they are the official ambassadors for the language and culture so the fact that they certify your level should definitely help . 
  all the best . 
  yep , you can get the results online now although it still takes a really long time to get them ( over 3 months ) . 
  good luck with your egyptian adventure . 
  reasonably good week . 
  i did n't get through all that i set out for myself but i am happy with my progress . 
  - cleared anki deck everyday , added 50 new words this week . 
  - five pimsleur lessons and two episodes of cidade dos homens . 
  - 30,000 points on memrise . 
  really ? 
  honestly , i was under the impression that he argued that we should 've let the banks collapse . 
  it 's important to bear in mind that / u/bas-bas is in favour of independence and his [ submission sheet ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/bas-bas/submitted/ ) shows a lot of similar posts along these lines . 
  by using blue as a label for `` separatist '' parties whoever made this map is promoting the idea that this was a referendum on catalan sovereignty ( which it was not ) . 
  in reality , separatist parties consist of at least three different parties , both from the left and the right . 
  by colouring these parties in blue on this map which appear to make it more clear cut than it is . 
  that said , what is clear is that these parties were the ones who won last november 's election , as they were the ones who went on to form a coalition government . 
  i would be really cautious about using maps like this to gauge public opinion . 
  one way in which maps like this fall down is that they do n't reflect the proportion of votes given to each party only the seats won . 
  in the last election , non-separatist parties ( psc , ppc and citadans ) got over a third of the votes which should also be born in mind . 
  furthermore , it does n't reflect population density . 
  have a look at [ this map ] ( http://www.xtec.cat/centres/e3006952/comenius%202005-2006/angles/population/history_archivos/image016.gif ) to see that the population is far more concentrated in areas that are n't all shaded blue , or at least where non-separatist parties won as well . 
  both ireland and norway seceded from their respective larger states in the early 20th century , many years before the creation of the ecsc ( the predecessor of the eec/eu ) in 1952 . 
  i 'm irish so i 'm more familiar with our case than the norwegian one . 
  the war of independence began in 1919 and the nationalists saw their case no different than that of the other states being created at the paris peace conferences . 
  simply put , if irish independence followed a trend , it was that of the early 20th century nationalism and very removed from the context of the 21st century . 
  big factors come into play here now , such as eu membership and foreign investment which the irish and others are afraid of losing . 
  for example , one of the reasons why opinion polls in scotland are against independence is the fear of having to leave the eu and to reapply . 
  while i do n't think the ussr and yugoslavia were failed states ( as jacksambuck says ) the point is that they did collapse and the countries you mentioned seceded from them in the process . 
  i will give you south sudan , slovakia and east timor though . 
  one does not simply buy 4 rocket launchers ... 
  i hope you guys had a good week and for those who are in either brazil/portugal - enjoy carnaval !, 
  anyways , it was a reasonably good week for me :, 
  i finished a course on memrise and added 50,000 points over the week . 
  i cleared my anki deck every day and added 50 words at the start of the week . 
  listened to 2 episodes of caf\u00e9 brasil . 
  last but not least , i finally finished `` colloquial portuguese of brazil '' . 
  i went to a language meetup to practice with natives but i found it very difficult to understand european portuguese . 
  to be fair there was only one person there who spoke it , but he was the only one i could n't understand . 
  for those of you learning brazilian portuguese , how do you find listening ? 
  on another note , i have to say thanks to 123kij for keeping this going . 
  i 'm afraid i was n't active during the first few weeks but it has really helped me to allocate time towards my goal . 
  it 's too bad you ca n't downvote the original video . 
  i 'm still here but i might have to give up on this i 'm afraid . 
  i got akin offer that requires a high level of french , so that has to take priority . 
  anyway , this was n't a good week for me :, 
  listened to two lessons of pimsleur on my commute and three episodes of cafe brasil . 
  irishman here . 
  i do n't know what advice i can offer as a couple of times in spain people thought ireland was still part of the uk . 
  maybe say that the uk technically is a collection of countries ( or ** conjunto de pa\u00edses ** in spanish ) and that wales is one of them . 
  i 'd also mention different aspects of welsh culture that people might not know about like the welsh language , literature and culture . 
  if enough people did that , maybe tom jones would n't be the first thing to spring to mind when wales was mentioned . 
  how did they try and create a provocation ? 
  the nationality of his opponents was n't brought up for discussion beforehand , nor should it have been . 
  a reasonably good week for me . 
  i finished one course on memrise and started another , adding up 20,000 points . 
  i also cleared my anki deck everyday , adding the 50 new words there . 
  i also met up with a brazilian friend three times this week to practice speaking . 
  thank you for posting this as it 's a really good question . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on irish ( especially early-irish ) history so i would wait until somebody else gives you a definitive answer on this . 
  as the article you link to suggests , it does appear that sucking nipples was a means to pledge loyalty in pre-christian ireland . 
  saint patrick mentions in his * confessio * that when he fled ireland , he was offered passage on a boat by some sailors , although he refused to suck their nipples . 
  interestingly , patrick considers this to be a barbarian custom and that he refused `` for fear of god . '', 
  [ here is the relevant translation of the text ] ( http://www.ccel.org/ccel/patrick/confession.v.html ) . 
  this translation here prefers the term `` breast '' , but i think it 's clear that the general idea was that this symbolised submission and loyalty to another . 
  i ca n't read latin unfortunately , but somebody else could shed more light on whether this is an accurate translation . 
  when this practice died out is something that i ca n't answer i 'm afraid . 
  nor can i answer your question about nipple severing any better than the article you linked does . 
  i hope my little contribution helps anyway . 
  a good website for brazilian meme 's and trending topics : [ http://kibeloco.com.br/] ( http://kibeloco.com.br/ ), 
  also a conjugator is always useful : [ http://www.conjuga-me.net/] ( http://www.conjuga-me.net/ ), 
  hello everybody . 
  i hope you all had a good and productive week . 
  let 's keep up the good work , as it 'll be worth it . 
  yesterday i went to a restaurant that served brazilian food , and it was great to realise that learning portuguese will open up a whole new world ( and social circle ) that we otherwise would n't have . 
  anyway , as for my weekly log , i 'm pretty happy with my progress :, 
  300 points on duolingo , although as some people mentioned it gets worse the more you progress . 
  i managed to get 100,000 points on memrise over the week from watering sessions and adding new vocab . 
  i also listened to two pimsleur podcasts and three episodes of caf\u00e9 brasil . 
  hello everybody ,, 
  i was wondering if somebody could explain the difference between lembrar and lembar-se . 
  on the other hand , `` lembrar-se '' , i think , means to remember as in grupo revela\u00e7\u00e3o : `` quando me lembro do nosso amor . '', 
  so , my question for you guys is why do you hear the following : `` lembro uma vez que ... '', 
  awesome !, 
  really well done dude . 
  i have to ask though , do you mind sharing your list on memrise ? 
  cool !, 
  thank you so much . 
  gregorybarnes you mean ? 
  what 's that eigit got against canoodling ? 
  i 'm not an expert but i 'll give it my best shot . 
  the graph linked to on the blog is a simplified version of the eurostat figures , but essentially it shows the increase in the amount of public debt per member state caused by the bank bailouts in of billions of euros . 
  as you can see we 're followed only by germany in terms of brute figures but that 's still a small portion of their gdp since it 's a much larger country .
