   let a jury of his peers decide his faith . 
  i think you mean `` a jury of peers decide his * fate . 
  with the exception of [ emperor hirohito , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hirohito#accountability_for_japanese_war_crimes ) they might be a great bunch of lads and ladies . 
  yes . 
  if you commit a crime in the uk while being both an irish and british citizen , you are tried as a british citizen . 
  the same goes for most places . 
  you ca n't expect to be tried differently . 
  he may even have entered egypt on an egyptian passport which in my mind , undermines the argument that he should get the same treatment as any other irish citizen would get . 
  * however , * i think the point is that ibrahim halawa does n't seem to have committed any crime and has been detained for supporting muhammad morsi and speaking at a rally . 
  sure , but egypt is under an authoritarian regime or a dictatorship is it not ? 
  the government has shot hundreds of supporters of the opposition and detained thousands of others . 
  i think it 's more than fair to question whether he 'll get a fair trial . 
  it 's true that mark humphrys is an anti-muslim head case . 
  however , some of his points about the clonskeagh mosque and extremism are valid in my view . 
  after all , ali selim from the mosque did call for [ sharia law to be applied to muslims ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/sharia-law-in-ireland-if-muslims-are-the-majority-26416822.html ) in ireland ( which i find appalling and very concerning ) . 
  not very much . 
  the irish embassy has been providing some assistance to the family and has been attending ibrahim 's hearings . 
  i hold the accusations of racism against the irish authorities with contempt . 
  dup ` disrespectful ' for hoping irish reunification will not happen . 
  ** ft correspondent 's warm memories of difficult days in madrid **, 
  * tobias buck recalls how people rallied round during the financial crisis in a city known for its long lunches and long nights *, 
  i arrived in madrid in december 2012 , in time to celebrate the bleakest christmas the city had seen in a generation . 
  capital and country were reeling from a series of shocks that had brought spain to the brink of ruin . 
  six months earlier , a slow-burning banking crisis had blazed out of control , forcing the government to request billions in rescue aid from its european partners . 
  spain was in recession and suffering an unemployment crisis that would see the jobless rate peak at 27 per cent a few months after my arrival . 
  reminders of the nation 's desperation were everywhere . 
  on days when i took my son to kindergarten we would pass a long line of people -- not all of them poorly dressed -- waiting outside a church-run soup kitchen . 
  walking to my office in the morning , i would find more and more shops boarded up . 
  inexplicably , the tiny store that sold and repaired mechanical typewriters held out , defying both the economic downturn and technical obsolescence . 
  then , one day , i found that it , too , had gone out of business . 
  the city suffered but it kept going . 
  recovery came , eventually . 
  yet even at the worst moments of the crisis , madrid never felt like it was staring into the abyss of social collapse . 
  families helped each other . 
  communities rallied . 
  people continued to treat each other with the decency and empathy that make spanish society so admirably resilient . 
  there was anger , to be sure , but it was directed at people you saw on television , not in the street . 
  spaniards cursed the corrupt politicians and the reckless bankers who had created this mess , and those merciless austerians in brussels and berlin who were telling them how to get out of it . 
  but i never saw a bad word directed at the young west african migrant selling pirate dvds outside my house , or the foreign lady begging outside my local supermarket . 
  neighbours would greet them every morning , like people who belonged to the barrio . 
  madrid , and the country at large , came through the crisis with reserves of solidarity and grace that were at times hard to fathom , and harder still to forget . 
  after four-and-a-half years in the spanish capital , i am leaving madrid and moving to berlin with my partner ana , a spanish journalist , and our five-year-old son tom . 
  i am looking forward to the chance to write from the nerve centre of political power in europe . 
  but i am also keenly aware of what we are about to lose : madrid is a wonderful place to visit , but a better place still to live in . 
  of all the big capitals in europe , it is probably the most relaxed and un \u00ac hurried . 
  it is a city of long lunches and long nights , a city where people walk slowly and stop frequently , with none of the stand-right-walk-left efficiency that has been bred into the denizens of london or new york . 
  madrid is a place where people know you -- and make you know them . 
  the fishmonger remembers your partner had a knee operation and wants to know about her recovery . 
  the waiter remembers how you like to drink your coffee . 
  the office receptionist knows which football team you support , and how far he can tease you after a weekend defeat . 
  the garage attendant knows your son 's favourite cartoon character and has saved some stickers as a gift . 
  everyone advises , argues and talks . 
  everything is everyone 's business , for good and for bad . 
  mostly for good , i think . 
  in our case , this daily swirl of relations took place right in the centre of madrid . 
  having spent five years as foreign correspondents in the middle east , ana and i were keen for full-on big-city european life . 
  we had loved the beauty and professional excitement of jerusalem , our base , but missed the many things that make a continental capital so rewarding -- the bars , the restaurants , the cinemas and ( far too occasionally ) the concert halls and clubs . 
  we found a large apartment in one of the late-19th century buildings that dominate the centre . 
  our new home boasted a light-filled salon with bits of stucco and an old caramel-coloured parquet floor that creaked heavily but satisfyingly with every step . 
  best of all , the apartment was just a minute 's stroll from plaza del dos de mayo , a beautiful lively square in the heart of the malasa\u00f1a district . 
  among older madrile\u00f1os , the neighbourhood has a rather poor reputation , dating from the 1980s , when it was known for its wild nightlife and savage drug problem . 
  some of the bars and clubs from that era survive , but today they are non-smoking and frequented by a happy blend of veterans and youngsters . 
  in recent years , malasa\u00f1a has emerged as something of a hipster heaven : if you are looking for vinyl records , vintage racing bikes or limited edition sneakers , this is the place to go . 
  the general feel extends to the local playground , where toddlers play in the sand dressed in tiny ramones t-shirts . 
  in the summer ( which by northern european standards is most of the year ) we would go to the square several times a week to play with our son , or to read the newspapers in the corner caf\u00e9 , or to have a few beers with friends after work . 
  on scorching summer nights , the public fountain would provide ammunition for extended water balloon fights . 
  introductions were easily made , especially when you arrived with a decent football . 
  `` are you friends from school ? '' i once asked a couple of boys who had kindly let my much-younger son kick a ball with them . 
  `` no , somos amigos de la plaza , '' came the reply -- `` we are friends from the square . '' it summed up everything that is right about madrid -- a big , sprawling city but also a village where children make friends in the street . 
  i will miss many things about the spanish capital : the food , the prado museum , the elegant retiro park in the centre and the snow-capped mountains to the north . 
  i will miss the little restaurant near my office , with its white-and-green tablecloths and menu for less than $ 10 . 
  i will miss speeding through the madrid dawn towards the splendid atocha railway station , the starting point for so many reporting trips . 
  i will miss the fact that beer is served ice cold and in tiny glasses , and that ham is not a food to eat but a universe to discover . 
  i will miss the long walk down the hill to the old calder\u00f3n stadium , the roar of the fans of atleti growing louder with every step , as my son grips my hand a little tighter . 
  and i will miss coming home long after midnight , and finding my neighbourhood still throbbing with people , the narrow lanes of malasa\u00f1a crowded with noisy , friendly , happy faces , determined to keep going until the night is over and -- damn this crisis -- the morning comes . 
  i am not aware of his sympathies in reporting on hamas and gaza . 
  care to fill me in or provide me with a link ? 
  i believe the facebook page of one of the halawa sisters had the hamas flag on it . 
  then there is the serious violence/persecution against christians in egypt which the islamists , like the muslim brotherhood , are behind . 
  many of these refugees from syria are not only seeking safety but prosperity as well , hence they seek to get to northern european countries which have stronger economies and welfare states . 
  it 's important we recognise this . 
  i do n't want these people to be cut off , but i 'm also conscious of the face that the irish state is providing everything for them while at the same facing many challenges/social problems in its own population . 
  what are you getting at ? 
  i think you are getting at something . 
  there is something darwinian about focusing our help on those who manage to make it to europe , rather than those who need it most . 
  if we resettle refugees here , it should be based on need and we should take them from camps in neighbouring countries to syria . 
  if they are refugees , why are they still in a direct provision centre ? 
  i thought they were only put in those while their application was being processed . 
  he made a movie/documentary called vaxxed that i 've seen many people talk about on facebook or sharing the trailer for . 
  it appears he 's content to fan the flames of this anti-vaccination nonsense . 
  damn , i wish i had seen that before i read the dm article . 
  i try never to give the daily mail clicks . 
  is anybody else surprised by the lengths of the sentences ? 
  i would have thought that given what they did consisted of repeated assaults and more , the sentences would have been longer . 
  just because i am sharing the article does not mean i agree with it . 
  the same goes for the editor of the irish times who published the same thing . 
  ukip was originally set up by a left wing historian if i 'm not mistaken . 
  ** jean-claude juncker has made clear the eu 's anti-democratic bent . 
  thank goodness we 're leaving **, 
  * nigel farage *,
