  let me add a few graphs to help people get a clear picture of what has happened . 
  before the crisis we were one of the good members of the eurozone club , [ keeping our debt below 60 % in the years up to 2006 ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?c=ei&amp;v=143 ) as the eu 's stability and growth pact stipulates . 
  this was while countries like germany and france were breaking the very pact as soon as the euro was launched . 
  despite our good report card at the beginning , bailing out the banks in addition to rescuing an economy completely dependent on cheap credit ( for construction ) has pushed public debt to unsustainable levels . 
  we do n't know what went on behind closed doors when the blanket guarantee was issued , but bailing out banks like anglo , ireland prevented the risk of contagion to their creditors in france and germany . 
  a lot of [ economists consider debt levels above 90 % of gdp to be unsustainable ] ( http://www.nber.org/digest/apr10/w15639.html ) , while ours is over 110 % . 
  so the push now is for ireland to get a haircut on its debt , as it has clearly taken one for the team for long enough . 
  however , there is opposition to such a move from northern european countries who see countries like ireland as `` bad apples '' , who simply did n't obey the rules and now must make up for it . 
  besides , if part of ireland 's debt is written off , what 's to stop spain or italy asking for the same ? 
  it 's not entirely relevant to this , but there is an interesting article [ here ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/insights/why-eurozone-needs-debt-mutualisation ) on a long-term solution to the debt portion of the euro crisis . 
  i hope this helped anyway . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  a great resource from a great guy . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  so do most of us here i think , but thanks a lot for sharing . 
  reasonably good week for me . 
  to be honest , i 'm trying to make the most of my free time now as it 's going to be harder over the next few weeks to squeeze in time to study . 
  i got over 100,000 points on memrise . 
  added 300 points on duolingo . 
  listened to 4 episodes of caf\u00e9 brasil . 
  added 50 words to my anki deck , although i only cleared it four days this week . 
  i went to a meetup to practice spoken portuguese on monday . 
  remember that partially as a result of apartheid and extreme poverty a whole generation of south africans grew up with very little or no formal schooling . 
  i do n't want to excuse jacob zuma 's ignorance , but it 's worthwhile remembering that he does belong to that generation . 
  it sounds like somebody is listening to the truth !, 
  you better start watching russiatoday instead . 
  thank you very much . 
  i consulted popular questions as well as searched past questions before asking , but i must have missed this . 
  it helps a lot !, 
  good point . 
  the european central bank 's mandate places great emphasis on maintaining price stability . 
  sometimes excessively so as in recent years they 've raised interest rates even when countries on the periphery like greece and spain were struggling . 
  does anybody know if the fed has a similar kind of provision in its mandate ? 
  i 'm on my phone so i 'm afraid i ca n't . 
  however , i do have a paper copy of the times in front of me so [ this is the best i can do . 
  really sorry about the bad quality of this , but here is the second part if you 're interested : http://imgur.com/vtbcd1h, 
  reasonable week for me . 
  i managed to get 80,000 points on memrise , listen to 3 caf\u00e9 brasil podcasts , 4 pimsleur lessons and celar my anki deck everyday . 
  was i downvoted ? 
  i guess it does n't matter really . 
  on another note , does anybody know how we are doing in comparison with the other teams ? 
  you were downvoted because people assume ( correctly in my view ) that you 're a troll . 
  plain and simple . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/micknophoto ) it 's the least i can do since his photo is getting a good few views here . 
  she appears to make a living out of doing the most obscene things like defending racists , demagogues and in the case of her husband , terrorists . 
  most of the time her participation in these things is just hot air to further her career , which i 'm sure is what 's going to happen here . 
  in any case even if she tried to sue over argo , i 'm sure the case would be thrown out of court very quickly . 
  interesting , but how did ijsselmeer become a freshwater lake over time ? 
  i know that fresh water was flowing in from rivers such as ijssel and ketelmeer , but surely a lot of salt was left in the lake after the afsluitdijk was completed . 
  how did they overcome this problem to turn it into a freshwater lake ? 
  as far as i know , el cid is celebrated as a hero because he switched to fighting the almoravid berbers towards the end of his life , and that he helped conquer valencia . 
  given that his actions towards the end of his life resulted in a few significant victories over the almoravids , i guess that is what is most attributed to him . 
  a lot of people seem to have done so already since ff are top of the polls . 
  as much as i disapprove of your bad language , it 's funny to see a troll being trolled . 
  reasonably good week . 
  about 90,000 points on memrise , two units from gram\u00e1tica \u00c1ctiva and 5 pimsleur lessons . 
  yep , we can all be jealous together so !, 
  one thing though , in the video he says he learnt 6 languages over the summer . 
  that 's a new language every two weeks !, 
  either they were related to languages he already knew or i 'm not getting something . 
  i would go so far as to say he is a troll . 
  i think you pointed out to me before that in his feed on youtube he often uses bad language against people he disagrees with or sometimes for the sake of trolling . 
  i 'm sure if he ever posted anything here , [ his posts would end up like this . 
  personally , i ca n't be bothered with his long , rambling videos as he barely has any serious points and comes across as arrogant . 
  it 'd be far more effective for everybody ( including him ) to focus on reaching higher levels in the languages they 're learning instead of throwing mud at people they disagree with . 
  i 'm very tempted to troll the troll . 
  but then again , it 's probably better just not to feed him . 
  i just checked out that other thread and his martial arts video . 
  i laughed at how he nicknamed himself `` chritophe '' la espada '' clugston . '', 
  he also seems to like to call himself `` el luchador . '', 
  anyway , does anyone know what languages he has actually studied or knows well ? 
  since he is reluctant to reveal his credentials , i think that 's a fair question . 
   i wo n't be surprised if he flees the country and seeks asylum in the west some day . 
  or follows his brother 's footsteps and [ tries to go to disneyland . 
  i know i 'm late , but i thought i 'd post this here anyway . 
  is there any difference between `` notas '' and `` anota\u00e7\u00f5es '' when referring to notes that you 've jotted down ? 
  i 've heard both in pimsleur lessons and would like to know if they can be used interchangeably . 
  seriously ??? 
  since when ? 
  brilliant answers !, 
  thank you so much . 
  hello everybody . 
  my question is regards the use of articles in the passive voice in portuguese . 
  as far as i know , you usually include it when using a person 's first name , for example : `` estas flores foram compradas pela ana . '', 
  but is n't it the same with surnames ? 
  why is it `` os lus\u00edadas foram escritos por cam\u00f5es '' and not `` pelo cam\u00f5es '' ? 
  thanks for your help . 
   it 's not a case of `` the international community says it 's occupied so it is '' . 
  let 's just look at what the international community says , as it 's not just based on a whim . 
  the international court of justice , un general assembly and eu have all designated these lands as `` occupied territories '' with israel being the occupying power . 
  furthermore , the signatories of the fourth geneva convention ( of which israel is a member ) concluded that these territories are occupied and therefore the convention 's provisions apply there . 
  for the record , the convention states : `` the occupying power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . '', 
  sorry i am a bit late here . 
  last week was a bit hectic but i did 3 lessons out of gram\u00e1tica activa , and got 70,000 points on memrise . 
  i also practiced with natives for about an hour listened to some news items in ( european ) portuguese from euronews . 
  i wonder what he 's like in real life . 
  is he just ripping the piss or does he believe what he posts here ? 
  i guess if he shows up we 'll finally figure it out . 
  tl : dr - greg barnes , get your ass in this thread !,
