  i will also add that the catholic hierarchy felt entitled to exert control on every social issue while at the same time sheltering such abusers . 
  furthermore the scandals of the catholic church go beyond clerical sexual abuse ( hideous enough as that was ) , but extend to the magdalene laundries and industrial schools too . 
  you 're right that sinn f\u00e9in 's support will drop off once they form a coalition with the other major parties . 
  sinn f\u00e9in is also a bit of an anti-system party in a couple of ways , so the rise in support for it is also a bit of a protest vote . 
  they have long been the antagonists of the political system in ireland , which is fine when they 're in opposition . 
  but in order to form a government in ireland , you have to form a coalition which generally works out worse for the smaller party . 
  very well put . 
  but i will add one point that makes me think this will take a lot longer than a decade . 
  for one thing sf has to come to terms with its own past in ways that it has n't done up to now . 
  for example , generally if you start talking to a sf supporter about the troubles , they 'll say something like `` we regret any loss of innocent life but the pira never targeted civilians . '', 
  there were also [ these badges ] ( https://twitter.com/minihanmary/status/322795998940381186/photo/1 ) that make me think the party itself has n't moved on . 
  the claim about the pira not targeting civilians is simply not true . 
  the pira attacked civilian targets of no military significance on multiple occasions . 
  look up the amount of times they targeted london underground , train stations or shopping streets over in england and you 'll find dozens of examples . 
  how is that not targeting civilians ? 
  sinn f\u00e9in and adams do n't like being hounded with questions about the past . 
  but quite frankly , until they repudiate a large part of the pira 's role in the troubles , i do n't think they 'll be accepted by a lot of irish people . 
  watching the sea lions get fed is pretty cool . 
  they usually do a few tricks as well . 
  i do n't support the doxxing or any of the hysteria surrounding this video . 
  i just thought i 'd point out that one random video is apparently newsworthy for national papers . 
  grafton street girls * are already in the indo !, 
  sorry about the bad grammar . 
  can somebody provide a link for farage admitting that the number of romanians and bulgarians was wrong ? 
  look at the rise of the front national . 
  there is an interesting correlation between areas in france with high unemployment and support for the fn . 
  sometimes these are areas with very low levels of immigrants , but that 's where it draws its support . 
  ** edit ** [ here 's ] ( http://www.craigwilly.info/2013/04/30/the-front-national-a-rough-guide/ ) an interesting guide to the fn that makes the same point . 
  what do ukip voters imagine will happen to the 500,000 eastern europeans living in the uk if it were to leave the eu ? 
  will they all be kicked out so that plumbers/plasterers and builders go back to earning what they were before ? 
  farage seems to be able to single out such voters , but really does n't offer anything feasible other than leaving the eu and getting rid of free movement of labour . 
  there are other ways for these people to address their grievances , such as by unionising and being retrained to move up the value chain . 
  but placing the blame on johnny foreigner is pretty xenophobic to say the least . 
  thanks . 
  by the way , farage would be in the top 5 percent , not the top 1 according to [ this source ] ( http://jweeks.org/42%20uk%20one%20percent.html ) ( although it 's so high that he is no way ` one of the underdogs ' ) . 
  thank you for your kind words about our country . 
  also thanks for not making fun of how obsessed we are ( as a nation ) with father ted . 
  my old teacher , who was irish , now works for ukip as the press officer for the efd group . 
  he spent time in class telling us that homosexuality was `` unnatural '' and put up anti-abortion posters * inside * the school . 
  needless to say [ he comes as just as much of a nutjob now ] ( http://politicalscrapbook.net/2013/11/hermann-kelly-calls-mep-euroslave-twat-on-twitter-rebecca-taylor/ ) while working for ukip as he was when he was teaching us in school . 
  apparently the eu migrants that ukip do n't like are the ones from the eastern part of the continent , not the western one . 
  irish people emigrated to the uk for generations and in many cases did many of the things that eastern europeans now do in the uk . 
  for example , they were employed in building sites , kept wages down ( or slowed their growth ) and lived in shared accommodation to save as much money as possible for their families back home . 
  great link . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  just a clarification , there were katangans among the troops assaulting jadotville , not just french and belgian mercenaries . 
  you forgot gerard batten who calls for muslims to sign a [ `` loyalty pledge . 
  '' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/ukip-leader-nigel-farage-rejects-muslim-charter-9109806.html ) other than that , very good job . 
  actually , that 's pretty accurate of the type of excuses they throw up once you get talking to them about the troubles and the pira . 
   the age-old imbalance of power between the dominant force in the conflict ( the british state ) and irish republicans is exemplified with this arrest . 
  not really . 
  this arrest was carried out by the psni and i assume the charges were prepared by the public prosecution service for northern ireland ( pps ) . 
  this arrest does n't have anything to do with the british state per se . 
  however , i take your point about british soldiers being held to account . 
  a truth and reconciliation commission is also long overdue in my opinion . 
  the claim about the pira not targeting civilians is simply not true . 
  the pira attacked civilian targets of no military significance on multiple occasions . 
  look up the amount of times they targeted london underground , train stations or shopping streets over in england and you 'll find dozens of examples . 
  how is that not targeting civilians ? 
  secondly , i think most people find the `` justice '' carried out by paramilitaries in n. ireland to be just as horrific . 
  it 's pretty clear that pira members did participate in punishment beatings and kneecappings . 
  i said in another comment that i was in favour of a truth and reconciliation commission to investigate and hopefully hold to account all of those involved in the troubles . 
  i do n't deny for a minute that other groups in n. ireland targeted civilians , like the glenanne gang . 
  but saying that the pira did n't target civilians is pretty dubious to say the least , despite getting repeated again and again . 
  a word of advice , do n't waste any more effort with this guy . 
  his golden post above fits the definition of whataboutism so well and he does n't seem to care . 
  neither the united states nor russia have the right to invade and destabilise sovereign countries ( along with unilaterally redrawing their borders ) . 
  on another note , i think his username is pretty seriously objectionable . 
  i really do n't like the term `` ethnic catholic . '', 
  `` culturally catholic '' would be much better in this case . 
  seems like an interesting initiative . 
  if the guy did n't have a lot to hide , he would n't be spending so much of his time trying to control what 's written about him . 
  anyway , good luck with it . 
  i 'm sure the site will attract some interest . 
  the guy was also found to have his hand in the till , giving payments to michael lowry to get the esat license and launch his empire . 
  a word of warning about the site though . 
  the guy seems to invest a lot of money into controlling what 's said about him , so his pr crew will be aware of the website soon enough . 
  interesting , but it 's a slightly old article . 
  since the elections are in a few weeks , i wonder how he 's getting on . 
  that you denis ? 
  if she gets elected it 'll be a testament to just how short people 's memories can be . 
  very well put . 
  to back up your point , here 's a link about an [ anti-irish political movement in the us . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/know_nothing ), 
  i mentioned this on another post , but [ ukip 's irish press officer ] ( https://twitter.com/hermannkelly ) was a teacher at my school . 
  the guy was a bit of a religious fundamentalist who put up anti-abortion posters * inside * the school and told us that homosexuality was `` unnatural . '', 
  if these are the kind of people that ukip attracts , the party and its followers can get lost . 
  there are many reasons not to agree with what they say . 
  but in this instance , i think most irish people would n't consider the idea that we are their `` kith and kin '' to be objectionable . 
  we share things in common as a result of english rule ( such as the english language and sport ) , but we are a separate state after all . 
  plus we have our own culture and identity too . 
  moreover , we 're not even in the commonwealth nor is the queen our head of state , so we have even less in common that say , australia or canada . 
  the ukip spam on that subreddit is reminiscent of the ron paul/libertarian cyclejerk elsewhere on reddit . 
  i 'm curious as to why you object to paul murphy ? 
  my problem with the european parliament is that it is n't taken seriously . 
  simply put , if it wants to be taken seriously , it has to be given the powers of a real parliament ( including legislative initiative ) . 
  for example , when an mep resigns ( for whatever reason ) , a by election should be called in his/her constituency . 
  at the moment people like paul murphy and emer costello can take seats without being directly elected . 
  secondly , the parliament is used by meps themselves as a kind of spring-board into the national parliament in their own country , which i resent . 
  what is the point in voting for a candidate if you are only going to further their political career ?
