  me too . 
  i appreciate a politician who enjoys cream eggs and other desserts . 
  do n't you have anything better to do , greg ? 
  thank god that he called for the embargo to be lifted ( among other things ) . 
  the longer it remains under siege , the longer this cycle of violence will not only continue but get steadily worse . 
  for the record , the un relief works agency has warned that gaza will be unliveable by 2020 unless urgent action is taken ( action that can not take place with the embargo ) . 
  it does n't prove very much at all . 
  there were celtic peoples in spain , but they were just some of the many , many peoples that passed through over the course of its history . 
  yes , peoples in these regions might be descendants of celts , but also many other groups as well . 
  i would really like to see the evidence that parts of northern spain places are `` part of the ancient celtic nations '' as per the article . 
  [ huge parts of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celts#mediaviewer/file:celts_in_europe.png ) were once inhabited by celtic peoples ( the definition of people gets a bit complex when we go back to antiquity ) . 
  [ galicia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galician_language ) and [ asturias ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asturian_language ) have their own languages ( separate from spanish ) but they are derived from latin , not any celtic one . 
  you made this point three days ago . 
  why did you bother reposting it ? 
  i did n't just blame israel . 
  of course , egypt would also have to open its borders for the embargo to be lifted . 
  but israel is the party that controls gaza 's airspace , most of its borders ( and border crossings ) and its territorial waters . 
  worse , it is the party that has sabotaged much of the infrastructure in the territory that will allow palestinians carry out their own affairs if the embargo is lifted . 
  for example , the airport in the territory , which was allowed under the oslo agreement of 1995 , was rendered completely unusable by israel during the second intifada and is now abandoned . 
  it 's unfortunate that russia thinks it has to do this . 
  but i still think sanctions were the right move . 
  russia has no right to invade and annex parts of other countries , or a `` sphere of influence '' just like any other state . 
  sorry but your post is pretty seriously inaccurate . 
   crimea used to be part of russia until a mistake was made in the breaking up of the soviet union and thus it became part of ukraine . 
  crimea voted along with every other region of ukraine [ in favour of independence from the soviet union in 1991 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_independence_referendum,_1991 ) neither is crimea geographically part of russia and there are substantial ethnic and non-russian speaking minorities there . 
  their views , especially that of the indigenous crimean tatars , should also be considered and these were broadly in favour of maintaining the link with ukraine . 
   democratic referendums were held in each region and both decided to become part of russia and to have no relationship with the new western backed ukrainian government, 
  this was after russian troops ( without insignia ) had occupied the crimean parliament , dissolved it and appointed a pro-russian regime , under sergey aksyonov , a leader whose party had only won four percent of the vote in elections in 2010 . 
  they then held a referendum with no option on the ballot paper to maintain the current situation and stay part of ukraine . 
  finally , no international observers were present to ensure the referendum was free and fair . 
  how is that democratic or legitimate ? 
  i 'm all in favour of peoples choosing their future . 
  if the crimeans want to join russia , then that is their decision . 
  but i do n't think you can support the way it was done , especially since it was without respect for due process , human rights and international law . 
   if you undertake an in depth research as to who the new government are , then you will quickly become shocked to find out they are a far right party with very similar views and ideas to nazi germany . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  svoboda has 4 seats in 20-member government that includes ukrainians , russians , jews and armenians and is headed by a jewish ukrainian . 
  the current president is a native russian speaking oligarch who is not a member of any political party . 
   sinn f\u00e9in councillor jj mcgee , coincidentally a former resident in the house , said about the attack :, 
  i think that it is disappointing that it has come to that . 
  while i support all protests around gaza , what is happening there is not helping the people of palestine . 
  damn straight . 
  also it is simply a plaque , nothing more . 
  it says nothing about political support , simply that somebody who went on to hold a position of power was born there . 
  you do n't have to think the person 's legacy and ideas were positive to at least acknowledge that . 
  edward carson , who was instrumental in creating northern ireland and shaping it in the form of a sectarian statelet , has a plaque on harcourt street to mark the place of is birth . 
  `` an opposing view on gay marriage . '', 
  thank you broadcasting watchdog for portraying this as not a civil rights issue but one where both sides need to be heard every time it 's mentioned . 
  what they mean by that is somebody from the many catholic fringe organisations arguing that gay people should n't have the same rights as the rest of the population . 
  but do n't worry , they 're * totally * not homophobic . 
  they just think that gays should be discriminated against because of the bible , tradition about it being between the two sexes and because gays might then be allowed to adopt children . 
  lad , do you remember the party that was in power for 11 years before fg , and for 61 of 79 years before that ? 
  ireland has never been a `` fine gael caliphate '' nor has it become one in the three years since the last election . 
  i 'm glad somebody reported it . 
  but it 's truly saddening that somebody would feel obliged to accept that . 
  i had never heard of her before today ( ignorance on my part ) . 
  but after reading that `` opinion piece '' , i do n't want to hear any more from her either . 
  i can see it now . 
  after years of receiving large numbers of irish people , a small but significant community of irish who have overstayed their visas and are now living in australia illegally will emerge . 
  the government of the day will attempt to lobby the australians to get a `` special deal '' of regularisation for the irish , who are at risk of exploitation and are forced to live in legal limbo . 
  whether this lobbying works wo n't matter , it 'll win with favour with the electorate and plenty of approving newsprint . 
  all the while people wo n't see anything wrong with doing nothing for the illegal immigrants in ireland at very real risk of exploitation ( including prostitution ) and live in constant fear of deportation . 
  i do n't remember whether it was any different when it was a broadsheet , but since it went compact the independent has becoming ever more like an irish version of the daily mail . 
  so pathetic digs at groups/individuals the newspaper hates are to be expected . 
  god help us if more irish chaps go and join him or ( perhaps even worse ) come back to spread their vile ideas . 
  agreed . 
  they were talking about this in an irish times podcast the other day . 
  for all our cultural similarities , we do n't come from the same starting point . 
  ireland was colonised while scotland never was . 
  scotland came under a united crown through marriage and succession . 
  the same ca n't be said of ireland . 
  the sad part about it is that it is everywhere , not just in the countryside . 
  far too many people just ca n't be bothered holding on to their rubbish until they find a bin . 
  what 's worse is that wherever there 's a concentration of bars/fast food places , the place is disgusting the next day . 
  in the second chechen war ( ordered by putin ) the russian army shelled and pounded grozny , carried out abductions ( along with summary executions of ) civilians and many other human rights violations . 
  that 's leaving out abuses by the russian army in ingushetia and ukraine . 
  it amazes me that people who would be very opposed to western foreign policy seem to be willing to turn a blind eye to the blood putin has on his hands . 
  what 's worse is that they seem to be happy with russian military involvement overseas , judging from the comment above , despite its bloody ( and very recent ) history . 
  care to elaborate why we have to support either ? 
  as i mentioned in my other comment the russian army under putin has committed plenty of human rights violations , violated international law and invaded sovereign countries . 
  i agree . 
  i think special attention is being given in this case because it was shown on tv over there ( and also because it took place overseas ) . 
  when i was in uni there were many cases of houses/residences getting trashed unfortunately . 
  really ? 
  real soldiers are people from the pira who used napalm against a restaurant full of civilians ? 
  or whose members from south armagh carried out sectarian atrocities like the kingsmill massacre ? 
  i know what you 're going to say `` the pira did n't target civilians '' despite placing bombs in civilian areas etc. 
  news flash for you , the u.s. and even israel like to claim the same bloody thing . 
  nobody , especially sinn fein supporters on the left , buys it or believes it justifies the deaths of civilians . 
  but somehow when it comes to civilians killed by the pira , it 's justified because the `` ira never targeted civilians . '', 
  you know chompsky argues we have to apply to ourselves the same standards we apply to others . 
  maybe it 's high time we did just that . 
  it depends on the kind of relationship the uk opts for if it decides to leave . 
  [ this book ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/1849546843?pc_redir=1409092486&amp;robot_redir=1 ) helps highlight some of those . 
  it was n't sanctioned by the ira , but the het and large amounts of forensic evidence indicate that they were ira members . 
  as for your second point , the moral high ground is not decided by how few civilians you have killed . 
  even if it was , the republican side , responsible for the largest number of casualties , would be in a trouble . 
  finally the number of people killed in the troubles might be smaller than other conflicts , but it still killed/injured one in fifty people in the north . 
  what about them ?
