  the irony of course is that britain did all that while violently refusing self-determination for ireland . 
  edit : i probably should mention that the allies were refusing self-determination for many other parts of the world too . 
  pardon my ignorance but what vitriol are you talking about ? 
  this is a side point to the main one you 're making but it was n't just the scots who refused to pay it but folks over the rest of the uk too . 
  to quote from the wikipedia article :, 
   in november 1990 , south yorkshire police said they were planning to refuse to arrest poll tax defaulters even when instructed to by the courts because it would be `` physically impossible for the police because of the large number of defaulters . '', 
  no worries at all . 
  sorry to go off on a tangent . 
  thanks for that . 
  twenty years after wwi , churchill also [ offered to carve up eastern europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/percentages_agreement ) in one of his meetings with stalin ( this was before the war ended ) . 
  note that he did n't even mention poland , effectively leaving stalin to take it . 
  this was despite them going to war in the first place over poland being invaded . 
  from your post i did n't understand if you meant vitriol against sf or from sf against something else . 
  the last part is surprisingly accurate . 
  is n't the fact that he `` looks after you '' the reason why he 's so popular in his constituency ? 
  it sickens me that people both in the dail and in his constituency do n't really seem to care . 
  i completely agree . 
  i 'll also say that during the celtic tiger years so much money went on upgrading those roads and not on other forms of infrastructure ( such as rail ) . 
  thanks for that . 
  i 'll delete this if you 'd like . 
  farage has actually rallied against big business a couple of times . 
  if a left wing party leader did that murdoch 's empire would not let it slip and attack them for it . 
  somehow the guy has gotten away lightly given his stance . 
  this . 
  i think ukippers will swallow his defence but let me play the devil 's advocate for a second . 
  even if these are no longer his real views , it seems like flip flopping so typical of the `` establishment . '', 
  ukip enjoy attacking others for flip flopping ( especially on europe ) but then when farage contradicts himself about the nhs it somehow is n't the same . 
  his views two years ago ca n't possibly be compared with today `` that was then and this is now . '', 
  they `` no longer '' represent his views ( or presumably those of his party . '', 
  while i hope the irish in america get a line to regularising their status , it 's seriously hypocritical for kenny or the irish government to press this issue as they do . 
  what right do we have to call for a foreign government to grant an amnesty to 50,000 irish illegal immigrants when we refuse to do the same for the 30,000 in our own country . 
  every single thing kenny mentions about the difficult situation for the illegal irish immigrants in america also applies to illegals living in ireland . 
  to be fair it 's not just fine gael that has done this but successive irish governments when the opportunity arises . 
  whatever wins favour with the public and first preference votes i guess . 
  great shot man !, 
  while the state was decreasing its debt , the financial sector 's was ballooning . 
  when the bubble burst , the state effectively nationalised their losses through the bailout . 
  we really should take this seriously . 
  [ based on data here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt ) ( which is from 2012 ) , ireland is the 11th most indebted state in the world with regards debt to gdp . 
  given that the state has had big budget deficits since then , i assume that ratio has increased . 
  unless we get a haircut on our debt , the only other way for it to move downwards is for governments to run budget surpluses . 
  what was your experience like if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 've come across some and they are generally very young and ideologically committed . 
  i do n't agree with them but them seem very well trained in what they do . 
  [ i believe it was the ira that collaborated with nazi germany during wwii . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_republican_army_%e2%80%93_abwehr_collaboration_in_world_war_ii ) people in glass houses ... 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  churchill was prime minister for a second time after he made these remarks ( from 1951 to 1955 ) and did n't do anything to advance reconciliation or reunification . 
  still i thought it was an interesting read . 
  i somehow always end up on a bus with copies of that rag spread out all over the seats . 
  i try to take as many copies as i can with me and put them all in the recycle bin where they belong . 
  apart from the reactionary catholicism it is also pretty anti-science too ( claims global warming is a myth ) and comes up with some crazy political stances as well . 
  afaik it claimed that voting yes to the lisbon treaty would result in abortion on demand . 
  can somebody remind me of the sequence of events ? 
  was this after burton had got in her car ? 
  if so why are they still screaming that it was a peaceful protest ? 
  they 'd already thrown things at the garda\u00ed . 
  you mean the share price is going to collapse once the government sells its share , not the bank , right ? 
  why the hell is it so damn high though ? 
  also would rent control actually work to stop it ? 
  i would like to give blood but i got malaria on a family holiday when i was a kid . 
  i 'll never be able to give blood now . 
  italy did the same thing in the 1980s by including the black market in their calculation of gdp ( suddenly their economy overtook the uk 's ) . 
  were the ordinary italians on the street better/worse off materially as a result ? 
  was the state of affairs in italy any better/worse ? 
  not at all . 
  it might give more accurate data as to ( illicit ) economic activity but that 's it . 
  it 's also worth noting that nigeria did the same thing not so long ago . 
  overnight nigeria became the largest economy in africa ( overtaking south africa ) . 
  it did n't change anything for the ordinary nigerian though . 
  whenever radio stations have a discussion about marriage ( something the iona `` institute '' would happily participate in as it currently only applies to heterosexual marriage ) , people should insist they give equal time to opposition to marriage in general . 
  that would at least expose the ridiculous of their position . 
  what is he suggesting ? 
  that we give airtime to views that have no basis in science just because the other side has an opinion that wants to be heard ? 
  we might as well start giving the creationists airtime so . 
  he not only seems to be a climate-change denier but he 's also on the [ anti-fluoride bandwagon . 
  ] ( http://www.demotix.com/news/1686189/girl-against-fluoride-strips-dublin#media-1686161 ), 
  people seem so desperate to `` fuck the establishment '' that they are willing to vote for a man who gives the middle finger to the scientific establishment too . 
  people seem to hate him even more that bertie and cowen who got us into this mess in the first place . 
  unless fg or ff formed a government together , i do n't see how either of them can govern without a coalition with sf . 
  labour will be decimated . 
  maybe some left and right leaning independents can be called upon to form a government , but i do n't know how stable that would be . 
  people ignore , ridicule and fight a whole number of people/movements ( the far-right comes to mind ) . 
  nothing says to me that the far-right are going to win . 
  if it was put there with the support of the relevant authorities ( presumably ) , then is n't it their job to take it down ? 
  if you do n't like it , lodge a complaint , use reason and law to make your argument while drawing support to your cause . 
  people in ireland ( both north and south of the border ) might take offence and object to a whole lot of things we can still find in public places , such as the flag that flies outside the city hall or the plaque outside your house . 
  but there 's a procedure to deal with it and stuff like this seems like vandalism to me . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , when were you there ? 
  i ask because i 've always wanted to visit the place . 
  anything in particular that you would recommend ? 
  this seems to be the indo 's argument in a nutshell . 
  talk about an ad hominem attack . 
  fair enough , do whatever you like . 
  i hope you are enjoying your time here anyway . 
  oh wow , many thanks for the detailed reply . 
  i 'll keep all this in mind when i go . 
  ah ok . fair enough . 
  there are a lot but i do n't have a problem with it at all . 
  since dublin is by far the biggest city in the country there are probably more there than elsewhere .
