  homer : is this episode going on the air live ? 
  june bellamy :, 
  very few cartoons are broadcast live -- it 's a, 
  terrible strain on the animators ' wrists . 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  he 'd be better off just publicising his own material and share his extensive knowledge of linguistics , rather than ( repeatedly ) trying to bash others . 
  that is what academia is supposed to be about in the end of the day ; researching and promoting a better understanding of the world around us amongst the public . 
  sadly , this guy seems to have gone towards the more elitist side of academia , and looks down in disdain at every one who does n't have the same qualifications . 
  honestly , if that 's his attitude the guy would be far better off focusing on trying to get respect amongst his peers in academia rather than simply criticising everybody he disagrees with . 
  btw . 
  special thanks to the op for posting this . 
  you 're not supposed to be here [ father murphy !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgz_zgu1pso ), 
  first of all , you 'd be absolutely in the right in expecting the taxi driver to do his job properly and for correcting him/getting out for not doing so , i.e. 
  being on the phone etc. 
  however , as far as i can see , assuming somebody will behave a certain way or refusing to engage with some one based on the colour of their skin is racism . 
  most people refuse to get into taxis/into cars only if they feel they are in someway at risk by doing so . 
  such is the case with getting into cars with strangers or with people who have been drinking etc. 
  but assuming that is the case with somebody just because of the colour of their skin is racism as far as i can see . 
  not all irish taxi drivers are honest . 
  not all black taxi drivers are dodgy and on that note , not all black taxi drivers are nigerian . 
  many of them are irish citizens and i think by avoiding them to give business to somebody `` irish '' we are facing a really worrying trend here . 
  i know this is a few years old but i just found [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypd5a5thot4 ) on youtube if anybody 's interested . 
  skip to 1:22 to see what i mean . 
  what do you mean ? 
  he deserves a short film at the very least !, 
  before people start downvoting/criticising me for posting this , i want to make it clear that i do n't in any way support the nun 's stance ( quite the opposite ) . 
  i 'm just posting this here so that people know what we 're up against . 
  i personally think it 's quite frightening how close minded people can be about the dreadful consequences of ireland 's stance on abortion in light of some one 's death . 
   yes , it 's racist ; but isit necessary bad ? 
  i think you answered your own question there . 
  racism is prescribed by our constitution under [ article 40.1 ] ( http://www.constitution.ie/reports/constitutionofireland.pdf ) and by the article 2 [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml ) ( of which ireland is a signatory ) . 
  so , ** yes ** it is racism and it is necessarily bad . 
  while it 's true few nuns would be in favour of it , i did n't think they 'd use such extreme language like that . 
  unfortunately successive governments seemed to have missed the point completely on how important comprehensive sex education is to preventing women being put in this situation . 
  most students still do n't get any sex education at all ( close to 75 % ) . 
  i do n't think anybody should make such a decision likely , but they could be saved from going through the whole ordeal if they were better informed . 
  i dont want to blame anybody in particular , but i 'd say this is largely down to politicians not wanting to go against catholic teaching . 
  they 've got elections to win , so why would they risk a potential backlash from conservative voters by picking a side on something divisive ? 
  it takes real courage to stand up and do that which is something that 's often lacking . 
  i wonder how people in the pro-life camp see sex education , since they are clearly not happy with the obvious consequence of there being a lack of one ( i.e. 
  women seeking abortions ) . 
  edit : [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0514/education.html ) the statistics speak for themselves . 
   to be fair , the castro 's were the ones that allowed nuclear missiles to be be placed on their island aimed at the us . 
  did they expect nothing to happen ? 
  that 's not a fair comparison . 
  the embargo began to be put in place in 1960 after castro nationalised american property in cuba ( remember this was two years after he 'd come to power ) . 
  this in part left cuba isolated , which drove them closer to the soviet union , which in turn led to the embargo being strengthened in february 1962 . 
  the missile crisis was n't until october 1962 . 
  do n't get me wrong , but in my experience using terms like the ones in this image could result in prosecution , that 's all . 
  all i 'd like to know where 's the source that una mac mathuna `` bribed and intimidated '' that poor rape victim in 1997 ? 
  bribery is a criminal offence in ireland , so i 'd be wary about saying that about somebody without evidence to back it up . 
  that 's how it 's libellous . 
  sorry i 'm a bit late here , but i thought i 'd throw in a suggestion or two . 
  first of all , i agree with all the suggestions below . 
  studying for c2 exams ( or at least using those materials ) will greatly improve your vocabulary . 
  but to get the most out of the spoken part , i 'd recommend using italki or some other resource that puts you in touch with a professional teacher . 
  as for literature , my problem with it is that you 're often going to find very abstract words , that you 'll never hear in real life . 
  by all means , go for it if that 's what you 're interested in , but i do n't think it 's the best way to accomplish your goal . 
  the good thing about using those c2 course materials is that you have lots of vocabulary pre-prepared . 
  all you have to do is learn them and away you go . 
  other than that , good luck . 
  i 'm sure you 'll get to a level you 're happy with . 
  all the best . 
  i was sure for a second that that was the boogeyman . 
  brilliant , thanks for that everybody . 
  really ? 
  why is that ? 
  the chap really needs to get a grip on his hypocrisy . 
  he could start by taking off his classes for once . 
  fair enough . 
  you should try coming over to ireland . 
  the situation is changing , especially amongst young people , but you guys are still decades ahead of us . 
  sorry but i do n't know what you mean . 
  it 's got plenty of upvotes and rightly so ( imho ) . 
  also so far this thread has been pretty civil . 
  a little while ago i asked a [ question ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/120hyj/question_about_racism_for_you_irish_redittors/ ) on this subreddit about racism in ireland . 
  to be honest , i was a little surprised at the reaction with many people defending racist stereotypes . 
  i think as a people we have a lot of soul searching to do to stomp out discrimination in all its forms . 
  one in eight is still very high , particularly small minorities are far more affected than others . 
  most of us have heard stories about irish being discriminated against when the emigrated , so why should we put up with it here ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what are you majoring in ? 
  over in ireland there are a lot of mature students so you would n't feel out of place . 
  anybody have a video of him speaking spanish ? 
  that would be true in a normal context , but sadly that 's still not the case in twenty-first century ireland . 
  abortion remains quite a divisive topic which is why i think most politicians have been so reticent to legislate on the x case . 
  also the issue came to prominence because of the savita case and the echr 's decision . 
  while labour may have promised legislation over the x case , it 's purely coincidence that the recent debate happened so soon before the budget . 
  tl ; dr : the life institute does n't know what it 's talking about . 
  i 'm not an expert but i think it 's clear that french influence in africa after decolonisation had a lot to do with it . 
  however , this largely explains the cold war era . 
  however , the french even coined a term * francafrique * to refer to their policies of interference in african affairs during the cold war . 
  part of this involved their military [ directly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bokassa#operation_barracuda ) or [ indirectly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bob_denard#the_comoros ) overthrowing regimes that they disagreed with . 
  also , in gabon omar bongo was kept in power with french backing and france still maintains a military base there . 
  however , i really only know about that from reading `` the dogs of war '' so i 'd wait for somebody with an interest in post-colonial africa . 
  sorry , i did n't see your answers here . 
  thanks very much everybody !, 
  also , it just occurred to me that it might be a little unfair to say all of french speaking africa has n't made the transition ( take senegal for example ) . 
  also a few countries in english speaking africa have n't or have unfortunately become dictatorships ( see zimbabwe ) .
