  14 september 2017 \u2022 7:34 am, 
  it was the biggest and boldest speech that we have seen from a european leader since the days of jacques delors . 
  as the eu commission president swept aside the issue of brexit and the pesky brits to set out his plans for a centralised eu state , i could not help feeling relieved that we had left in the nick of time . 
  even the most fanatical of european federalists could not believe their ears as juncker called for a more active foreign policy that removed the veto rights of every nation . 
  this is to be backed-up by a full eu defence union by 2025 . 
  the european army so easily dismissed by nick clegg and others as a fantasy is now becoming a worrying reality . 
  it was the biggest and boldest speech that we have seen from a european leader since the days of jacques delors . 
  as the eu commission president swept aside the issue of brexit and the pesky brits to set out his plans for a centralised eu state , i could not help feeling relieved that we had left in the nick of time . 
  even the most fanatical of european federalists could not believe their ears as juncker called for a more active foreign policy that removed the veto rights of every nation . 
  this is to be backed-up by a full eu defence union by 2025 . 
  the european army so easily dismissed by nick clegg and others as a fantasy is now becoming a worrying reality . 
  juncker 's claim that all this was supported by nato is simply a cover for the deep anti-americanism that is never far from the surface in brussels . 
  the big pitch that was made to the ranked masses of media in strasbourg was to tell the peoples of europe that the eu is now going to strengthen democracy . 
  nothing could be further from the truth . 
  whilst many will see future eu commissioners being elected on party lists every five years in european elections as progress , there are two key areas in which democracy itself will fall victim to the juncker plan . 
  first , with a full economic union led by a finance minister with the powers to intervene , and the completion of a common eu immigration and asylum system i wonder what the point of national parliaments will be in the future . 
  in every area of citizens ' lives , from the content of fish fingers ( i am not joking , he mentioned this ) to going to war , the voters in the member states will be unable through the ballot box to change any of these policies . 
  if , for example , the whole of ireland is opposed to eu military intervention , it will make no difference . 
  this plan is the death of nation state democracy in europe . 
  however , in his plans for the future conduct of european elections there is a second and more sinister aspect to juncker 's european integration . 
  juncker laid out his ambition , long held by many in this place , that the next elections here should be on trans-national lists and contested by eu-wide parties . 
  these organisations are to be funded by the eu taxpayer . 
  but this luxury will not extend `` to filling the coffers of anti-european extremists '' . 
  while we do not yet know the final details of the plan , it is clear that those who oppose the eu project will not receive funding . 
  whether they will be allowed to receive private funding and at what level remains to be seen . 
  however , if i have learnt one thing from my time in the european parliament it is that the decisions will be arbitrary . 
  up until the brexit vote my presence in brussels and strasbourg was generally regarded as being an amusing eccentricity . 
  since brexit all that has changed and nearly all of the eurosceptic groups and political foundations , and indeed many individual meps , have been hit by arbitrary sanctions . 
  we have learnt that all meps are equal , but that some are more equal than others . 
  our campaigning groups have had money withheld , many of our members of staff are now simply not being paid . 
  it is said that our employees have been working for our national parties and not for us in our work as meps . 
  this has led to demands for meps to repay money that the authorities say was misspent -- despite important treaty rights intended to ensure that an mep has a free hand to fulfil their electoral mandate however they wish . 
  demands on some individuals are as high as # 80,000 . 
  these fines are imposed without a hearing , in fact without even first stating the charges or asking for a written defence and , it would seem , no right to appeal . 
  if unpaid the fines are automatically deducted from salaries at source . 
  it is simply punishing those who have an alternative vision for the future of europe . 
  it has even reached the stage where medical bills , all of which should be covered by the eu 's medical scheme , are simply not being reimbursed . 
  in this campaign of rolling thunder it is the british conservatives who will be hit next . 
  this vengeful attack on the eurosceptics has only just begun . 
  the eu is now heading towards a new form of communism with all power in the centre and the member states simply having to obey . 
  unless there is a fightback by freedom-loving forces across europe we will see the 2019 european elections held on a playing field that is heavily tilted towards the establishment . 
  from a uk perspective we will avoid this outrage . 
  i am also pleased that no second eu referendum could now be won by the pro-eu side in the face of this juncker plan . 
  as for the rest of the eu : the forces of popularism and extremism that juncker intends to destroy can only grow . 
  my concern is that if there is no valid democratic outlet these frustrations will show themselves in other ways . 
  done . 
  done . 
  i think one person he is referring to is marine le pen , who is being investigated over using eu money to employ front national outside the eu institutions . 
  i guess i 'll go first . 
  i was travelling in the states for a few months and ended up in a bar in d.c. 
  girl : `` where you from ? '', 
  me : `` ireland . '', 
  girl : `` awesome !, 
  how long have you been in our country ? '', 
  me : `` about 3 months . '', 
  girl : `` wow , only 3 months ? 
  but your english is so good ! '', 
  i did n't know what to say after that comment . 
  in winter 1601 , an english army under lord mountjoy decisively beat an irish/spanish at the town of kinsale in county cork , thereby leading the way for english victory in the nine years war . 
  the irish were drawn mainly from the northern province of ulster , which was the last remaining gaelic centre of power that could pose a threat to the crown . 
  subsequent events would lead to the departure of the gaelic nobility from ulster in 1609 and the province 's transformation into one predominantly protestant/scots . 
  edit : the flight of the earls which marked the end of the old gaelic order was actually in 1607 and not 1609 . 
  however , the ulster plantation is generally regarded as having started in 1609 . 
  i know the topic of racism has been discussed a bit here , most notably after the video of that racist woman in the uk came out . 
  but i wanted to ask if any one here has noticed the same characteristics of racism in ireland that i have . 
  over the last while i have noticed many friends and colleagues saying that they wo n't get into a taxi driven by a nigerian based on some racist stereotype they have about them . 
  literally , they were about to get into the car but turned around simply because of the colour of the person 's skin . 
  i would like to know how many of you have noticed the same thing , as it 's definitely a worrying trend . 
  we should n't forget what the [ mayor of naas said ] ( http://www.independent.ie/national-news/fine-gaels-darren-scully-quits-as-mayor-of-naas-over-his-comments-about-black-africans-2941395.html ) , but i thought people with his views were in the minority . 
  what if the plot by the army officers had been foiled at the last minute ? 
  would sadat have stepped down within a few years ? 
  would we still have seen the state of emergency as imposed by mubarak ? 
  hello everybody ,, 
  partly in response to [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-20105881 ) on greece , i was wondering if there is much debate ( particularly in terms of theory ) of a shift to the right during recessions . 
  from my understanding , it 's much more common trend for people to move to political extremes or anti-system parties . 
  however , i was wondering whether we could see a similar phenomenon in the switch from the centre-left to the centre-right as well . 
  sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this question , but if you could point me in the right direction in terms of literature i 'd greatly appreciate it . 
  sorry to ask a second question in two days everybody . 
  as i understand it the israelis occupied arab land in 1967 under the land-for-peace approach . 
  they also established settlements in the sinai which were dismantled when it was returned to egypt . 
  my question is , why did n't the same approach hold with the golan ? 
  it strikes me as odd , after all what incentive was there for syria to make peace with israel without the possibility of the land being returned to them . 
  furthermore , how did the israelis justify this given that the golan heights were never part of the mandate of palestine ? 
  did strategic considerations take precedence over other arguments ? 
  i 'd love some answers . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i am doing research on the basques at the moment and was wondering if anybody knew of any documentaries out there about eta . 
  i 've found many on the history of the troubles and the ira in northern ireland but have n't found any about this . 
  i 'm surprised as the conflict lasted for four decades . 
  alternatively , if anybody knows of any documentaries about basque history , that 'd be great . 
  somebody has been at it around dublin at least . 
  as people have been discussing elsewhere their legality is questionable as they did n't ask permission from the dcc . 
  ** note ** : i made two mistakes while posting this . 
  i 'm reposting it here , with some additions . 
  hopefully , this works out . 
  this is my outline for the week :, 
  4 lessons of colloquial portuguese . 
  read o pequeno pr\u00edncipe clear my anki deck every day and add 50 new words for the week . 
  get through 4 lessons of [ portuguese : an essential grammar ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/portuguese-essential-grammar-grammars/dp/0415308178/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=utf8&qid=1357229449&sr=1-1 ) . 
  hello there every one ,,
