  but if you look at the country as a whole , there are n't that many of you guys . 
  the polish arrived after 2004 and generally have settled very well ( although from what i 've been told quite a lot have gone back ) . 
  a lot of them ended up in minimum-wage jobs , but they are quite friendly and have a reputation for being hard working . 
  you also often find irish-polish couples around or polish kids in schools here , so give it 20 years and the links between us will be even stronger . 
  as far as i can remember there have always been some italians and spanish living in dublin but the number has increased a lot since 2008 . 
  most of them to be honest , i feel sorry for a lot of them . 
  i speak spanish reasonably well and it seems that most of them are struggling over here , working in jobs ( such as au-pairs ) with no-contracts and very little money . 
  one girl told me she was kicked out of the house she was staying in when she complained that they were n't giving her the salary that they had agreed on !, 
  most of the brazilians/venezuelans are here on student visas that last 1 or maybe 2 years . 
  they come to learn english ( and can get a job while they are here ) but then generally leave afterwards . 
  they are a nice bunch though . 
  in case any of you get stuck behind a paywall :, 
  for years , the city of london has taken for granted its status as europe 's primary financial centre . 
  but as rows over immigration intensify and political pressure mounts for the uk to reform or revoke its membership of the eu , city opinion leaders are growing nervous about its future role in europe . 
  with one or two exceptions that is the sentiment expressed in a new financial times online debating forum . 
  the ft city network , launched in recent weeks , comprises more than 50 of the city 's top bankers , insurers , asset managers and policy makers , as well as a coterie of financial technology entrepreneurs . 
  in the network 's first online debate , most participants argue that britain 's departure from the eu would damage london and the broader uk , and imperil a fragile european recovery . 
  sir win bischoff , former lloyds ' chairman and now head of the financial reporting council , writes : `` the city will lose some of its relevance and a lot of its international dominance if clients and counterparts in its hinterland of europe chose not to deal with it or are prevented by various regulations from doing so . '', 
  jean-pierre mustier , the london-based head of investment banking at italy 's unicredit , describes the prospect of britain exiting the eu as `` a catastrophe , though actually much more for europe than for the uk '' . 
  companies from across europe would find it harder to access finance without a single-market link to the city , several participants in the debate argue . 
  the discussion comes amid a crescendo of disagreement over eu membership among politicians and the general public that has spooked many in the city . 
  barely five months ahead of next may 's general election , an anti-eu , anti-immigration agenda has helped the uk independence party secure its first two mps . 
  but several members of the network take the opposite stance on immigration . 
  guy hands , chairman of terra firma , the private equity firm , says : `` [ many of ] the 2.2 m eu citizens who work in britain [ are ] skilled workers in london . 
  an exit would place a question mark on the future of these workers , with some maybe being forced to leave . 
  such an exodus would intensify the skills and labour shortage that britain already faces . '', 
  many in the business community are trying to take a pro-european stance early on in the mounting discussion about the uk 's eu membership and ahead of a possible 2017 referendum . 
  business leaders are conscious that they were blamed for not being sufficiently vocal in arguing against scottish independence ahead of a september poll . 
  john cridland , director-general of the cbi employers ' lobby , stresses the supporting role that the city plays for broader business . 
  leaving the eu would `` lessen [ the ] standing '' of the city and undermine that support for growth and jobs , he writes in the debate . 
  `` this ` invisible infrastructure ' has been fundamental to british firms accessing capital as they reap the benefits of having a globally competitive financial market in their own backyard , '' he says . 
  colm kelleher , who runs morgan stanley 's investment banking operations from london , highlights the disruption to investment and job creation from not knowing between now and the conservative party 's slated referendum in 2017 whether the uk will remain part of the eu . 
  `` uncertainty and a drop in investment is hardly the best way to fuel the uk 's recovery and reduce one of the highest deficits in the g20 , '' he writes . 
  a minority of participants in the debate think the city can continue to prosper whether or not the uk retains eu membership . 
  the strongest anti-eu voice is helena morrissey , chief executive of newton and chairman of the investment management association . 
  `` the city wo n't just survive but prosper if the uk leaves the eu , '' she writes . 
  `` it 's just not credible for big city institutions to threaten to leave -- the same threat was made when we did not join the euro and not only did they stay , but it proved the right call . '', 
  unicredit 's mr mustier agrees that there would be minimal downside for the city . 
  `` europe will have difficulties developing a financial centre truly competing with london , both in terms of human resources expertise and infrastructure , '' he says . 
  the ft city network was launched in october as an invitation-only panel of financiers and policy makers . 
  the network is scheduled to meet in person twice a year , with online debates timetabled monthly . 
  the headline does n't seem to be click bait ( at least to me ) . 
  it does say that this was the tenants said , i.e. 
  their version of events . 
  plus the times did appear to contact the landlord/property manager to get their version of events . 
  the opportunists ( possibly even ff itself ) will nevertheless use it against the government . 
  were the biggest benefitors really german banks ? 
  the irish times correspondent in berlin has pointed out that the biggest lenders to anglo were british banks . 
  were the other banks more reliant on german credit ? 
  thanks for the reply . 
  if we 're going to go rooting about what armed groups were up to in the 1930s then we might also have a look at [ the ira 's collaboration with nazi germany during wwii . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_republican_army_\u2013_abwehr_collaboration_in_world_war_ii ), 
  if you want to look for skeletons in the closet with fine gael 's allies in the epp there are many . 
  looking at its membership you find parties with a huge amount of corruption , such as berlusconi 's forza italia and france 's ump . 
  or then you find autocratic ones such as hungary 's fidesz whose leader ( and current pm of that country ) openly talks about making an `` illiberal state '' along the lines of turkey or russia . 
  mind you they are not the only ones with questionable allies . 
  fianna fail 's group included the ( now dissolved ) far right slovak people 's party . 
  yes , and ? 
  they both sit in groups in the parliament . 
  they were not elected as abstentionist candidates , but instead to do the job of an mep . 
  they get a large salary to do it as it is . 
  in case you get stuck behind a paywall :, 
  `` the irish central bank is under pressure to ease restrictions it plans to place on mortgage lending amid a chorus of criticism that the new rules risk pushing first-time buyers out of the housing market . 
  the economic and social research institute , a think-tank , became on wednesday the latest and most influential critic of the central bank 's move to curb a mini house-price bubble . 
  it argued that irish house prices were not fundamentally overvalued and that the new rules may restrict the supply of new homes even as the government and the public are clamouring for the construction of more houses . 
  the mortgage lending restrictions `` may distort the supply of new homes when supply is the critical issue '' , said kieran mcquinn , an associate research professor at the esri . 
  the central bank said in october that it would introduce `` macroprudential measures '' to cap the size of a mortgage to 3.5 times a borrower 's income , and to 80 per cent of the value of the property , with exceptions possible in only 15 per cent of mortgage lending . 
  that would represent a sharp change from the years of ireland 's property bubble between 2002 and 2007 , when there were virtually no restrictions on mortgage lending . 
  the rules were due to take effect from january 1 . 
  however , the central bank has indicated it may delay implementation as it studies nearly 160 submissions it has received , including the esri paper . 
  the finance ministry , construction sector , banks and political parties have all asked the bank to ease the restrictions , especially for first-time buyers . 
  it is rare for the central bank of ireland to come under such public and sustained pressure to row back on a key policy initiative . 
  the debate on its mortgage restriction proposals comes in the context of a growing housing market crisis in ireland six years after the bursting of one of the world 's most dramatic house price bubbles . 
  almost no new houses or apartments have been built in the country since 2008 , and demand for new homes is soaring as the economy recovers . 
  as a result of the rise in demand and the lack of supply , irish house prices have started to soar again . 
  prices in dublin are up nearly 25 per cent this year , though the rise nationally is more modest . 
  still , the esri maintained that house prices remained undervalued given the sharp fall in prices between 2007 and 2013 -- which analysts say is around 50 per cent . 
  it said that given where the irish housing market stands now , `` it is not clear that the envisaged measures are fully warranted '' . 
  the central bank is due to finalise its mortgage lending measures early next year . '', 
  well done to the chap !, 
  reunion looks like a beautiful place as well . 
  you 're right and i 'm sure details of how this came about will come out in due course . 
  as it happens it was revealed during the week that the [ pope played a small role . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/20/us-cuba-vatican-diplomatic-influence-pope ), 
   i 'm 28 and the events of 30 years ago have no bearing on my opinion of the sf party today . 
  i do n't mean to be rude but i am having difficulty following what you 're saying . 
  by that logic , should we hold any party to account for events that took place 30 years ago ? 
  for example , the corruption of the ff leadership under haughey should have no bearing on our opinion of that party today , provided that it shows itself to be publicly accountable . 
  what about events in the last 30 years ? 
  if we 're going to be fair , these should have a bearing on sf as much as events in the last 30 years have on our bearing of ff/fg/lab / greens . 
  but time and again , even since the peace a process was signed , republicans have held themselves above the law and sf 's leadership has defended them . 
  this happened both in ireland ( see the murder of robert mccartney ) and overseas ( see the colombia three ) . 
  first of all thank you for doing this ama . 
  secondly , i apologise if this question has been asked already here ( kindly ignore it in that case , i did a quick glance and it did n't seem to have been ) . 
  can you explain what you meant about being elected to break the law ? 
  speaking for yourself ( as an elected td ) , would you be willing to go into government after the next election if it returned a majority of left wing parties/independents ? 
  thank you for the reply . 
  thank you for answering my question . 
  merry christmas to all of you . 
  you 're all grand !,
