  this kind of thinking was ( unfortunately ) built into the deutschmark and later into the euro system . 
  pushing for supply side solutions has formed part of the troika 's policies for greece ( and other indebted countries ) . 
  in spain for example the current government has passed laws that make it very easy to fire people . 
  edit : [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/article/commentary_the_long_shadow_of_ordoliberalism ) explaining this mindset and its impact better than i can . 
  i wonder whether they 'd stop a german medium secondary school ? 
  or is this insistence on english-only education just reserved for irish ? 
  heaven forbid there be a school teaching in language traditionally spoken in the area . 
  he comes across as a bid desperate to hold public office . 
  remember his posters for the european elections when he was campaigning on things that have nothing to do with the job he was running for . 
  also was n't he elected based on the water charges issue ? 
  it 's hardly in his interest to stop now . 
  i remember listening to an irish times podcast that said he went into estates telling people not to vote for sinn fein because they were `` soft on irish water . '', 
  for a left-wing candidate , that not only seems pretty fratricidal in my opinion . 
  many thanks . 
  thanks for that . 
  you 're correct and we should n't jump to conclusions . 
  however , we know the russian airforce has entered the airspace of neutral countries in recent months ( notably sweden and finland ) . 
  if they did want to enter our airspace , the fact that we are neutral would not be a problem . 
   no doubt if ireland decided to forego it 's neutrality and develop a military ( but why would we ) the usa and other nato countries would bankroll it . 
  no , they would n't . 
  nato members have made a ( non binding ) commitment to spend at least two percent of their gdp on defence . 
  very few actually do that , but if it were in nato , ireland would end up increasing spending of defence from the current levels . 
  so if i understand you correctly , greece is entirely at fault for the situation it finds itself in . 
  i find that narrative pretty simplistic . 
  the ecb did n't keep interest rates low to help countries like germany in the years after the euro was created ? 
  these low rates did n't create credit fuelled booms in the peripheral states ? 
  the demand in the latter did n't help german exports and consequently germany 's economy ? 
  banks from the core countries did n't lend heavily to the periphery ? 
  finally and possibly more importantly , has greece not followed the troika 's instructions in exchange for bailout money ? 
  have n't the policies of the troika caused much more hardship than even they anticipated ( in terms of unemployment and debt to gdp ) ? 
  the commission predicted unemployment in greece would hit 15 percent before receding . 
  the reality is that it reached 25 percent and has n't receded . 
  was this austerity not , in turn , demanded by creditors such as germany ? 
  what other country has lost so much of its gdp so fast since the great depression ? 
  so in europe ( including my country and germany ) have helped cause this problem . 
  this is the moral hazard argument . 
  however , the market would have to lend to them for the peripheral countries to go on spending sprees and would charge them higher interest as a result . 
  in the past these countries went on spending sprees ( and were able to do so ) because the market assumed the debt was mutualised and charged interest at around the same rate as germany 's . 
  the market no longer does that and understands that the debt is n't mutualised ( although the ecb under draghi now acts as a lender of last resort ) . 
  the haely raes are exceptionally good at lining their pockets and staying in power . 
  however , let 's not be too hard on kerry as it is not the only place to have [ independents who do that . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_lowry ), 
  what is the hatred of seals about ? 
  look on the bright side , if he sticks with this after the election , he wo n't get back into power . 
  as for labour , they are toast indeed . 
  i think the best thing they could do after the next election would be to take what 's left of the party and repudiate a coalition with fg . 
  that would mean labour might actually become an actual left-wing party for once . 
  other than that , what 's left should abolish itself to stop splitting the vote or merge with another party . 
  you 're right . 
  my mistake . 
  i ca n't help but feel that this will lead to a disaster in the fight against stis/stds . 
  i realise that this is n't entirely about ireland ( my apologies if it 's out of place here ) , but the article makes it clear that this has big implications for ireland . 
  as [ martin wolf ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/44c56806-a556-11e4-ad35-00144feab7de.html#axzz3rbgrvzz1 ) and [ paul krugman ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/06/opinion/a-game-of-chicken.html?rref=collection%2fcolumn%2fpaul-krugman ) have pointed out , if greece is forced to leave then it will show that this is n't a monetary union at all , but just a fixed-exchange rate system . 
  for highly indebted countries like ireland , that is very bad news indeed . 
  for the record , wolf is no leftist but even he is in favour of debt restructuring for greece to allow the country to recover . 
  merkel seems to have got the idea recently that the link will somehow [ be stronger once the weakest link leaves it . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/merkel-and-germany-open-to-possible-greek-euro-zone-exit-a-1011277.html ) that , in my opinion , is both dangerous and reckless . 
  the economic and political consequences for greece will be huge , let alone all the other indebted countries like ireland or spain . 
   there is nothing illegal about having a swiss bank account and irish clients on the list include ** a number of well-known business people . 
  anybody else suspect denis o'brien is on that list ? 
  given that he is a vindictive son of a bitch who tries to control what 's said about him , if he were on it , he would n't get named . 
  we have n't really even done that . 
  if interest rates were to rise for any reason over the next few years then ireland would be fucked . 
  correction . 
  we not only object to a caliphate being formed , but to the fact that we 're lumped into the same one as britain . 
  amazing video !, 
  well done to you . 
  as for places i would like to see a video of , powerscourt waterfall or perhaps trim castle would be my preference . 
  i do n't know much about finland . 
  but basically what he is saying is : `` look the irish grinned and bared it [ austerity ] , others should too ! '', 
  while the irish bared it , poverty rates have significantly increased , emigration is back and public investment has slumped . 
  how successful is that ? 
  i ca n't help but be opposed to austerity being imposed on people in spite of what they want , whether they 're finnish , greek or whatever . 
  by the way , this is n't the first time a person from this stubb 's government has said the [ irish example is one to follow . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/finnish-minister-praises-irish-economic-example-1.1951574 ), 
  i do n't think he was implying that it was a conspiracy , but rather that rte did them a favor by using the angles they used . 
  a billionaire oligarch is the best way to describe him as he has a huge commercial empire built out of corruption in the 1990s . 
  sound a little bit like the oligarchs everywhere else ? 
  the guy should be reviled . 
  why the irish media/political establishment give him any more attention than they would a foreign one is beyond me . 
  i already knew about this , but i ca n't see that move as anything other than a power grab and that dev ( on top of everything else ) was n't really a democrat at heart . 
  anybody care to prove me wrong ? 
  many students ( especially those who move to a different city to go to college ) do n't live where they are registered to vote . 
  i would have thought that holding it mid-semester would make it harder for them to vote . 
  changing the electoral system to suit your own party 's interests is hardly democratic . 
  so is abolishing the upper house only to replace it with another equally undemocratic ( but suited to fit your interests and catholic social teaching ) . 
  ** edit ** i would add his treatment of minorities was better than other countries but far from exemplary . 
  in fact it was actually quite difficult for jews fleeing persecution to escape to ireland . 
  they are n't one political organisation . 
  but the protests that he has either participated or endorsed have been very notable ( and i would say divisive ) . 
  as a result he is strongly associated with the movement . 
  i should have phrased my question in a different way . 
  what i was asking for was for somebody to prove he was a democrat , as what he did comes across as very undemocratic . 
  i realise that the way i phrased it comes across as rude and i apologise . 
  i know reddit does n't have a policy on assuming good faith , but i think it helps if you do . 
  i said this to a chap below , i should have phrased my question in a different way . 
  what i was asking for was for somebody to prove he was a democrat , as what he did comes across as very undemocratic to me . 
  i realise that the way i phrased it comes across as rude and i apologise . 
  as i said in my other comment , it was an attempt to change the electoral system to benefit his own party . 
  that is hardly democratic any more than gerrymandering or limiting suffrage are .
