  who would do such a thing ? 
  they probably also thank you for the medical card and for fixing the road . 
  as an irishman with american roots , i 'm surprised and impressed that the people on / r/ireland have heard of this guy . 
  true , but a lot of people are only here to look at stuff that interests them ( be it photos of cats or whatever else ) and might not care about american commentators . 
  i 'm impressed because i discovered him when i was about 14/15 when my american relatives started sending me books of his in the post to try `` straighten me out . '', 
  an irish devil 's island or alcatraz ? 
  sounds promising . 
  interesting piece . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  sorry to ask but since you 're a lawyer i thought i might . 
  how likely is it that he 'll be deported if he does n't go voluntarily and ends up serving his full sentence here ? 
  sadly , i can see the comment section on this getting very heated . 
  do you have a link to that ? 
  this is the view that abounds in western europe . 
  however , ask that question to somebody from eastern europe ( particularly from one of the states created after wwi ) and you 'll get a very different answer . 
  the central powers clearly had imperial or territorial ambitions in europe if they won the war ( as can be seen in [ this treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_brest-litovsk ) ) . 
  however , the collapse of the german , austro-hungarian and russian empires as a result of the war meant freedom for many small nations in europe . 
  many people from the sucessor states fought in western armies for the express purpose of bringing about the freedom of their own country ( [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_legion ) is an example of one ) . 
  what i was talking about was the perspective of wwi from eastern europe , where new states were created and the people were allowed to govern themselves after wwi . 
  that did not apply outside europe ( including the middle east as you mention ) . 
  there the victors divided up the spoils ( such as in the sykes-picot agreement ) . 
  `` activist '' makes it sound like he is campaigning for some form of social change or ideology . 
  there is no such thing in fianna f\u00e1il as it 's just a populist [ `` catch all '' party . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_tent ), 
  he has a terrible attendance record in the dail as it turns out . 
  he spends most of his time looking after his business interests and doing things around his constituency . 
  do people down there really resent dublin people or dublin-based media that much ? 
  what exactly is there beef with the `` dublin media '' anyway ? 
  for criticising or revealing the truth about him ? 
  that part stood out to me too . 
  the lad is only 18 and seems to really be going down the wrong way . 
  he avoided paying taxes , something lowry has also done . 
  in that sense at least the two are pretty similar . 
  as a general rule of thumb , if you 're undecided and want reasons to vote for a party , check out its electoral manifesto . 
  come on man . 
  if it was far-right people who had chased down people on the far left on talbot street and beaten them , many people on this sub would be seething with rage . 
  i say that as somebody who votes for left-wing parties by the way . 
  i wish these people showed as much opposition to islamist intolerance as they do to the far-right , especially since most of them are in favor of lgbt and women 's rights . 
  most of them are seriously critical of the catholic church for its influence ( both past and present ) on education and women 's rights . 
  but they do n't seem to express the same criticism with regards other religions . 
  islamism is an inherently supremacist ideology . 
  its supporters sometimes make this clear by saying that power should be in the hands of muslims . 
  replace the word muslims with an ethnic group ( like white people ) or members of another religion and many people on the left would recognise it as it as an extreme or supremacist ideology . 
  but too many people on the left present excuses for it talking about racism , marginalisation or western foreign policy . 
  it would be nicer if the old houses of parliament on college green were made a public building given its history , size and location . 
  they use a party list system in addition to a constituency based one elsewhere in europe like germany . 
  more info about the two votes people have over there [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_system_of_germany#second_vote ), 
  hmm ... maybe instead of giving them a wage increase , they could reduce the number of responsibilities they currently have . 
  for example , have technicians fix the trams or automate the signalling system . 
  well , you 'll still need to have the security guards on the luas anyway . 
  bank of ireland was the beneficiary of a bailout to the tune of $ 3.5 billion . 
  it 's more than fair to say that the bailout out the banks , including boi , had a profound impact on the health of the economy as well as causing hardship for irish people . 
  perhaps giving it back would be a gesture of acknowledgement of the impact on irish people ? 
  then of course there is the history of the building , its size and location in the city centre of the country 's capital . 
  particularly in light of its history , i ca n't see any reason why it should n't be owned by the state . 
  there are also plenty of buildings nearby that could serve as a bank branch for bank of ireland . 
  for the record , there is some half-measure to get the bank to open up part of the building for public use . 
  you can find out more on that [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/culture/art-and-design/new-cultural-and-heritage-centre-for-bank-s-college-green-site-1.1703434 ), 
  ** edit : ** grammar . 
  was the secession of the south democratic ? 
  they decided to secede unilaterally after lincoln was elected rather than accept the result . 
  bear in mind that the legislatures of the southern states that seceded were n't elected by universal male suffrage or even standards for suffrage that applied to all . 
  can you see any possibility of the bank parting with it of their own accord ? 
  yes , but it 's not even the hq of bank of ireland anymore . 
  the headquarters was moved to baggot street in the 1970s . 
  you would n't happen to have a link about him stealing from workers and preventing them unionising ? 
  i did n't know anything about that and a quick google search did n't produce any relevant results . 
  thank you . 
  did they really do this ? 
  all the kids going to that school will speak english , so what is the problem ? 
  besides bilingualism has been shown to be extremely good for children 's development . 
  since you are arguing that teaching/preserving an indigenous language does nothing on a practical level , should the catalans or basques stop protecting their languages and switch to spanish ? 
  how would this work anyway with the euro ? 
  would we have to leave and create a new pound/punt ? 
  or would we be a country using the euro but outside the eu ( a number of small countries in the balkans do that ) ? 
  spanish is much more useful than catalan . 
  but then again , nobody is trying to replace spanish , just to promote bilingualism in both languages . 
  if we can agree that bilingualism is important , then why not promote bilingualism * in ireland * in a language with strong cultural and historic links to the irish people ? 
  are you from the north or something ? 
  anyway if people in northern ireland want it to be taught and all those kids will be bilingual in english , what is the problem ? 
  look , there is demand for * one * irish language secondary school there . 
  almost all education in the north is done through english . 
  those nearby who want to send their kids to be bilingual can send them to this * one * school . 
  those who do n't care or want them to be taught through english will be spoilt for choice . 
  get over it . 
  would anybody else like this guy to be deported after he has served his sentence ? 
  simply horrible what he did . 
  it would say something about how people vote in this country if the only way this guy was removed from the d\u00e1il was by being disqualified due to a prison sentence . 
  i think we should have a rotating figure . 
  that way everybody can be happy at least once . 
  there are plinths in other cities that have rotating figures ( trafalgar square comes to mind but i 've heard of others ) . 
  the argument is that when you merge many organisations into one and do n't let people go or reorganise , you lose many of the synergies created from having one organisation . 
  as was also the case when the health boards were merged but nobody was let go , you end up with inefficiencies and duplication of functions that undermine the benefits of having one centralised organisation . 
  do n't you think it has some validity ? 
  i can see why he campaigned against abolishing it now . 
  as somebody making way less than what these guys are earning already , i am surprised by their attitude . 
  their current salary seems reasonable for driving a luas ( roughy the same as the higher band for [ bus drivers ] ( http://www.dublinbus.ie/human-resources/professional-bus-drivers/ ) ) . 
  i guess you are from barcelona .
