* cough * vivapinata * cough *, 
  where did you hear that ? 
  are you uk based ? 
  very aware and am willing to pay that mate, 
  what is the picture ? 
  no offence taken mate , its because i saw someone at south bank wearing a feather camp a while back and i wanted one . 
  now i 've got a full time job i can buy stuff so decided to try and get one ( proving to be hard to get as you imagine ! ) . 
  and zodiac is just fucking banging, 
  the women from radiant raiment piss me off . 
  out of the two you said go with the realtree i used to have one and theyre nice man , but i way prefer the red realtree over the black realtree . 
  it 's called psychological pricing . 
  is that kingston skatepark london ? 
  theres a queue inside the shop to pay thats the longest i 've ever seen it , not a line outside . 
  did you get the schminx in the end then ? 
  yeah the pcl deck was real nice actually , im not sure if they lied about that or not either mate , drop them another call tomorrow maybe and if not then i guess they 're gone . 
  yep this one !, 
  looks better in the flesh . 
  it looks great in black . 
  the union jack stickers are not fake they give them out at the london store . 
  i know all the time . 
  nice job mate !, 
  looks like a slitheen from dr who . 
  does anyone know if they will charge slightly more for the the croc strap ? 
  i really want it in beige . 
  i thought so . 
  cheers anyway mate . 
  really ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 and and 13 stone and find the large tees to be more like medium , a lot tighter than stussy and palace to me . 
  sold . 
  # 140 to my mate , but thats if he pays up as hes dodgy as fuck . 
  i 've seen them go for real cheap recently . 
  yeah you make a good point some do go for around that make but i thought that its a good deal on both half 's as i get the cdg camp i prefer and they get the newer cdg camp that they might prefer . 
  to each is their own . 
  what does the rest of the book contain ? 
  ah wicked i thought the book was a nice thing to have but 21 quid seemed a bit steep . 
  that would be great thanks !, 
  we are only there for 4 days so if i could find out her highlights i could do them . 
  also does anyone know if its too late to see the northern lights ? 
  i hope not !, 
  link ? 
  brilliant thanks !, 
  the jokulsarlon glacial lagoon looks great . 
  how did you find the glacier hike , was it really interesting ? 
  also how long did the hike take ? 
  ah cool thank you for asking i will look into all of those !, 
  do you live in iceland ? 
  where they strong last night ? 
  does it come out true to size ? 
  looks very similar to last seasons supreme x levis collab and i preferred them with the leopard print , these are still hot though . 
  shit thats the first time i 've heard about the european web store . 
  yeah will save me heading up to london , and would be sick for the european homies . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but to be honest that happened on day one of the london store opening , gone were the days of queuing up at the hideout , that was truly when it was exclusive over here . 
  its already ridiculously easy to cop stuff now with the london store there that i dont see how making it available online is really going to change things . 
  you just have to accept the brand is n't how it used to be 5 years back , and if you still want to wear its stuff then you wear its stuff . 
  ah i skipped over the bit about you not being from the uk , yeah that will probably effect things over there quite a bit . 
  at least you 've got patta . 
  http://imgur.com/u4uckxl whats your opinion ? 
  exactly how i feel , i definitely enjoy being able to get pretty much all the pieces i want because of the shop , but when you do get those pieces you dont appreciate them as much as say , 5 years ago when you had to queue hard to to get anything , and yes i definitely agree on the obey thing i mean just walk through any college in a 20 mile radius of london ... and thats what will happen to europe with the opening of the webstore . 
  can you remember what he said about being careful in naples ? 
  as i might go there soon . 
  i use addidas because it seems to work the best out of everything i 've tried . 
  what breed is it ? 
  exactly mine aswell . 
  what do you do with the stuff you steal ? 
  even worse my friend wears one , and he 's a guy ... 
  lets ... not revive this one . 
  would appreciate thanks !, 
  have you bought from them before ? 
  when was this ? 
  i have finished the game and cant remember this . 
  i dont get that bit ? 
  every thursday . 
  i have heard that it is saturdays that are restock days but i 'm not 100 % on this . 
  you went hard last year man . 
  well done on the bike it looks great , especially the badge !, 
  i really like the picture of zurich just after the swiss choc picture !, 
  how much would a euro tour like this cost how long on average did you spend in each place if you dont mind me asking ? 
  its crazy to think about all the different peoples pockets those pennies have been in , and all the stuff that has happened to those people when the pennies were in their pocket . 
  just get someone in the uk to get you a t-shirt ? 
  fair play on the nose manual nollie tre mate . 
  dont let your bubble be burst too much mate i got stoked just when i shook shane o'neill 's hand . 
  it was at bay 66 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvytovmxd4w thats a crap edit but the whole day was mad especially the 720 flip people went pretty fucking nuts for that !, 
  the stock is usually very good in london . 
  how much for the zebra side panel camp cap ? 
  at least op wont `` find '' any kittens or puppies with that setup . 
  you might have seen this ... http://assets7.gcstatic.com/u/apps/asset_manager/uploaded/2013/07/frank-ocean-brit-awards-2013-red-carpet-arrivals--1361389151-custom-0.jpg, 
  but it looks good with leather jackets . 
  i like them but if it was just the back pocket with the floral pattern i would like them more . 
  fair enough mate to each his own . 
  england by any chance ? 
  black janoski 's , navy busenitz and nike freeruns . 
  in white , what would you say is the most desirable colourway ? 
  would you say 100 usd for white torch is a good deal ? 
  seeing it around skating in london way back and a bit of seeing koston in it too . 
  is it one size ? 
  thanks for the offer but i was price checking so i could find out how much i should pay a guy on ebay . 
  can anyone tell me if the fact that the champion is satin and shiny makes it quite ridiculous ? 
  actually does n't look as bad as i imagined . 
  yeah i got it for 35 in the end . 
  well done !,
