  how long did you train for if you dont mind me asking ? 
  brilliant thank you !, 
  i may go to the library today and have a look , and also look on amazon . 
  $ 60 shipped to the uk for pink diamonds ? 
  from me mate . 
  got a bling tee in that size but thanks for the offer mate . 
  backwards facing peace sign mate . 
  fuck.that . 
  great collection man . 
  the icon i miss the most is the old settings icon . 
  easily best song on it imho . 
  they are in london mate . 
  the black is banging i got mine yesterday in london . 
  totally waterproof like the flight satins , and fit rather shallow unlike most of the camps this season which i prefer personally . 
  brilliant !, 
  russian twists with a medicine ball , works real good for me . 
  i bought a long sleeve one from the store myself so fear not mate, 
  i may do in a few weeks i shall let you know !, 
  nice . 
  i was expecting a bs flip to blunt ... 
  just out of interest how much did the roses go for mate ? 
  why would they decide to take it away ? 
  tatooine ? 
  dem gold rims . 
  how do you know its the beginning of december ? 
  the 10th of september i think . 
  does it get very busy ? 
  do you know where is the westernmost asian community ? 
  works with south west trains also . 
  would be nice to see a map about hair colour also . 
  when does this season end ? 
  what park is this ? 
  why do you want to replace the saddle ? 
  fair play they did n't charge a premium , but i want to see something with effort put into it , something controversial . 
  i would be fucking pissed too . 
  ralph lauren . 
  click the links in this thread that takes you to the app directly to download . 
  how do new york traffic lights work for this to happen ? 
  including how does it affect the streets also ? 
  does this therefore have a knock of effect to the traffic lights along the streets ? 
  so is it more beneficial to just wait at a red if you 're going uptown or downtown , or to zig zag along the streets to the next avenue ? 
  isle of skye !, 
  amsterdam is amazing . 
  it maybe only needs two days and nights but you must go there . 
  and as unechouette said i agree bruge  brussels . 
  hampton outdoors pool ? 
  go to the punta della dogana a bit early , and sit right on the edge of the point and take everything in , i really suggest that and the whole area there is a lovely walk . 
  edit : you can see it in this photo , next to the lamppost http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/venezia-punta_della_dogana.jpg, 
  yes . 
  why did you fall out of love in the first place ? 
  where were you staying before chalok ban kao ? 
  where can you get those laces from ? 
  how do you mean shame about the diving ? 
  thanks for the good info !, 
  i asked because i am visiting in july and am planning to do my open water , so you say the actual teaching is good there ? 
  also i have heard alot of good stuff about the similan islands , would you suggest there ? 
  no worries mate, 
  yes i agree , i also think it is rather tasteful, 
  so you 're 6 foot ? 
  just sold my long sleeve large 7/10 for # 55 . 
  how much did it cost if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  someone needs to teach this guy about the wizardry of pouring a beer !, 
  but seriously great photo . 
  if anything the opposite due to ebay fees . 
  i 'm going on holiday for three weeks and will not have access to a gym . 
  how much will body weight exercises most nights slow down the muscle loss ? 
  definitely go by yourselves !, 
  also khao sok national park was one of my favourite locations , get a junge guide and it will be a wicked day !, 
  message me if you want some more details or stuff !, 
  please can you explain why ? 
  it does n't . 
  why ? 
  where is this out of interest ? 
  they do i believe it can also be called alox bantam http://www.amazon.co.uk/victorinox-0-2300-26-taschenwerkzeug-fkt-alox/dp/b000mlu5mu/ref=pd_sim_sbs_sg_1?ie=utf8&amp;refrid=1csg61gf7r7hzcf8snpv, 
  fair play my apologies !, 
  remember it is `` bevor '' . 
  just read this thread , how are you doing now op ? 
  how does nach in the titles case mean to ? 
  i have been learning it as after ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  great thanks for this i really appreciate it . 
  vienna is in austria mate . 
  haha no worries mate , its got me quite a few times too . 
  what is on the underside of the brim ? 
  is it more leather or black material ? 
  for someone in non bear country , why those times of day/year ? 
  what kind of dashcam are you using ? 
  what is on the underside of the peak ? 
  is it also leather ? 
  nike free runs , literally have been to so many places in mine from jungle treks to hiking and they hold up well and do not make your feet ache . 
  treat them mean , keep them keen . 
  edit : i can.t use punctuation very , well, 
  thanks for your reply and links !, 
  thanks !, 
  saw red d in panorama bar a few weeks ago and got chatting , super cool guy and great set , will always get an up vote from me !, 
  so how much better was the old club to the new one ( if anyone has been to both would be awesome to hear a bit about them ) . 
  the one you have linked a pic to can be adjusted though it is not elastic , a 5 panel that does have an elastic backing is the classic logo 5 panel from a few years ago . 
  yes there may have been more 5 panels with an elastic back , i only gave an example as i was trying to help them out . 
  i was not saying this has been the only one . 
  http://i948.photobucket.com/albums/ad323/ericthekid123/photo3-2.jpg here is what i am talking about , i used to own one until a while ago .
