  yeah . 
  not a lot , but it 's there . 
  a buddy of mine is asatru . 
  at least , he was when i last talked religion with him . 
  so once you 've entered rome , you can never leave ? 
   i 'd say the factual programs like documentaries are ok to excellent sometimes . 
  sure , but they get boring after the third rerun . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i do have the money . 
  i can afford to pay it , but i do n't have enough money for it to be anything less than a major annoyance . 
  it 's a good concept in theory . 
  tv channels that are state-funded and independent from gigantic media moguls is n't the worst idea in history . 
  that said : i hate how it 's executed . 
  over here , we pay 60 $ every three months ber household . 
  it does n't matter if the household actually owns a tv . 
  and 99 % of the content that is n't news is tailored to middle-aged or old people ( except neo magazin royale , extra 3 and maybe heute-show ) . 
  i 'm a university student , and 60 $ is a lot of money . 
  i 'm forced to pay a sum that could feed me for a week ( maybe more ) , for a program that i neither want nor am able to access , since i do n't own a tv . 
  old-as-fuck cities that did n't get bombed to hell unite !, 
  speyer is a really nice city . 
  probably . 
  you 're near-swiss as well , then ? 
  constance, 
  the city where i live is untouched by wwii . 
  the inner city consists nearly exclusively of beautiful medieval bulidings . 
  it 's also one of the oldest settlements in germany , with evidence of population reaching back to about 200 b.c. 
  edit : spelling, 
  there 's lake constance , which borders germany , switzerland and austria . 
  hooboy , this overview is gon na be so generalized that it 's basically meaningless , but here goes : most foreigners can speak the language pretty well with sometimes more , sometimes less obvious accents and errors . 
  a lot of people who just started learning german seem to have problems with `` der/die/das '' and similar grammar stuff , but some have more difficulty than others . 
  differs from nationality to nationality and from person to person . 
  i mean , they have n't sad they want to blow up anything else , and as we know , shakira does n't lie . 
  at least , her hips do n't . 
  it 's too late . 
  shakira has already been put into place . 
  flee , i 'm sure someone will take in refugees . 
   we do n't really have any rogue tribes of forest muslims deep in our woods that you know of . 
  i hear they 're good ad camouflage . 
  but was it a muslim ? 
  maybe someone deep in the swedish forests just really really hates moose . 
  and trees . 
  and assorted other animals . 
  yes . 
  yeah , it 's a thing over here . 
  no idea why it 's named rus/russ/ru \u00df though , given that i do n't think it has any connections with russians/russia . 
  if you want to, 
  nope . 
  you pour it into a special glass . 
  drinking wheat beer out of a bottle . 
  not to my knowledge , no . 
  that 's the problem with cultures who do n't keep written records . 
  not really , the bifr\u00f6st only connects midgard and asgard . 
  norse and germanic mythology are basically the same thing , the only difference lies in the names . 
  odin is wodan , thor is donar , tyr is tio/saxnot and so on . 
  kinda like with the roman and greek pantheon . 
  funnily enough , there is no conclusive evidence that the southern germanic tribes had an equivalent to loki . 
  i mean , thor already was the most recognised figure in norse myth when it still was widely practiced . 
  thor is ( and always has been ) a `` working-class god '' . 
  he stands for strenght , protection and weather . 
  all of those are things that are more important to a typical old norse average joe than the wisdom , magic and poetry that odin typically stands for . 
  pretty much this , except that valhalla is n't thor 's hall . 
  valhalla belongs to odin . 
  i 'm confident that they 'll reveal more of their goals once the election campaigns properly start . 
  i mean , we can assume that schulz will want a strong eu , but beyond that we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i 'm really glad though that neither of the big parties has a populistic loudmouth for a candidate , which means the next chancellor will at least be decent . 
  i do n't want merkel to return . 
  i 'm tired of her tendency to sit problems out . 
  the country could use some new leadership . 
  lots and lots of them , and even more in english so i 'm just going to post five songs with german lyrics i listen to a lot at the moment . 
  and to make it a bit more original , i 've decided to pretend rammstein does n't exist . 
  [ alligatoah - kl\u00fcger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5yb5je98jw ) a hybrid of pop and rap with deliciously evil lyrics ( `` you 're older and seem to think that you seem smarter . 
  how great that i know you 're going to die sooner '' ) [ saltatio mortis - nachts weinen die soldaten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jefetmma4gi ) medieval rock/metal about how much war sucks ( the title means `` the soldiers cry at night '' ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xshg5pgeuyi ) fairly straightforward rock that has managed to burrow into my brain and stay there [ subway to sally - das schwarze meer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0i3nnjma4c ) another piece of medieval rock/metal/whatever . 
  what can i say , i dig the theatrics . 
  and the sound . 
  [ knorkator - du nich ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bybm2nh02x4 ) because it 's awesome, 
  oh yes . 
  it 's called fastnacht around here though . 
  it 's celebrated by wearing costumes and/or ridiculous clothes while getting shitfaced . 
  i love sweden . 
  it has an awesome language , beautiful cities , stunning nature , lots of peace and quiet , and everyone i 've met there was really nice . 
  it does n't help anyone and punishes the wrong people . 
  afaik only mothers with youngs are actually dangerous . 
  most do n't bother you if you do n't bother them . 
  i 've seen lots of different animals in my area ( hares , roe deer , the pits dug by boars , chamois , foxes , owls and assorted birds of prey . 
  there was even a lynx in my area . 
  until it got hit by a car . 
  ) , but the encounter that i remember most clearly was an encounter i had while hiking in lapland last summer . 
  there was a ptarmigan ( i did not know that word existed . 
  some kind of grouse . 
  in german they 're called snow chickens ) . 
  it was grey , and was just chilling on the trail , pretending to be a rock . 
  we eventually continued walking , and it got up , moved a few meters to the side and pretended to be a rock again . 
  no idea why that one stuck so much in my memory , but that was an awesome bird . 
  i did n't know that it was also norwegian . 
  learn something every day i guess . 
  jag talar inte that many langues , men den h\u00e4r satz est kauderwelsch anyway . 
  bregenz might fit the bill . 
  probably netherlands . 
  or belgium , or luxemburg , or switzerland , or austria , or czech republic , or poland , or denmark .
