am in prague right now . 
  can confirm that the beaches leave a bit to be desired . 
  i did archery for five years or so and had the opportunity to try a few air rifles and a small-caliber sports rifle with the local shooting club . 
  oh , sure . 
  i think everyone has . 
  dhl lies about me not being home more often than hermes or dpd . 
  if you want to be neutral , you have to be either insignificant or more trouble than you 're worth . 
  sweden is too big to be insignificant . 
  food . 
  mainly bread and/or beer . 
  depending on where you are , good bread is remarkably hard to find . 
  beer is a bit easier , but the good stuff ( again , depending on where you are ) is often imported and obscenely expensive . 
   the iron price, 
  i would n't say cream ... 
  and zombies are pretty much dead meat . 
  what happens with dead meat in sub-zero temperatures ? 
  i 'd say it 's a toss-up between handball , basketball , formula 1 and boxing . 
  sometimes i forget what h\u00f6cke 's real name is . 
  * georg elser, 
  sounds pretty much exactly like what is going on over here . 
  as a german member of a scout group , i can assure you that you 're mistaken . 
  what ? 
  nobdody thinks that it 's american or bad . 
  it 's called anti-authoritarian parenting . 
  i 'm not arguing a point here , i 'm just repeating the most common arguments used against gmos . 
  because here , environmentalists are a lot more influential and they have concerns about gmo 's spreading unchecked , the still unknown long-term effects of consuming them , the patenting of crops by corporations like monsanto and so on . 
  probably . 
  my english teacher had a heavier accent than i did . 
  no one aims to build a wall . 
  the proletariat must seize the means of education !, 
  is n't that common knowledge ? 
  yes . 
  every german knows how hasselhoff crushed the russian tsar karl marx with his bear hands and then tore down the wall using nothing but a string , a piece of gum and several hundred kilos of dynamite . 
  right back at you . 
  well , the comment section of spiegel online is a cesspit of holier-than-thou assholes who seem to hate everything that happened after the extinction of the dinosaurs and are smarter \u2122 than galileo da hawkingstein . 
  not dissimilar from reddit , actually . 
  rock , eh ? 
  so if i omit metal and and punk here , then the answer is kiss . 
  sure , they 're the polar opposite of sophisticated and meaningful , and they 're sellouts of the highest order , but they 're also very charming and they write damn good songs . 
  they 're also the first proper rock band i conciously listened to , and they 'll always be special to me because of that . 
  everyone is more hateful against everyone on reddit compared to real life . 
  yeah , but they still have them . 
  ah , right . 
  i knew there was something i forgot . 
  the uk , france , the netherlands . 
  american refugees ? 
  according to refugee regulations there 's no such thing . 
  the us is a safe country . 
  immigrants on the other hand ? 
  sure , why not . 
  tja . 
  first : not a `` thing '' . 
  a human being . 
  second : i do n't know . 
  i never met her . 
  but she just might be , yes . 
   being european means being white no . 
  just no . 
  each and every one of my non-white friends are more european than you 'll ever be . 
  it 's more along the lines of `` we as individuals are n't guilty of it , but we have to be aware of it , and as a nation and a society have a responsibility to not let it happen again . '', 
  yup . 
  to undermine the communists . 
  not that far off , tbh . 
  germanic languages and all that . 
  i could read and understand swedish pretty well even before i started learning it . 
  lots of similar words . 
  right back at ya . 
  the swedes . 
  ca n't help but make everything sing-songy . 
  love it . 
  this is not a mine . 
  it 's a tomb . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much what happened . 
  what are we gon na call it ? 
  the not-so-friendly-terms is accurate . 
  there was that one time where the helvetians fled from the suebi , crossed roman territory and gave caesar an excuse to start the gaulish war . 
  thanks . 
  nope , i do n't know them . 
  are they good ? 
  rammstein , helloween , gamma ray , blind guardian , edguy , kreator , sodom , destruction , tankard , accept , u.d.o , equilibrium , subway to sally , in extremo , saltatio mortis , knorkator , morgoth , die apokalyptischen reiter , callejon , falkenbach , powerwolf , grave digger ... and that that is just what i can think of at the moment . 
  several . 
  dutch of course , and by extension quite a bit of flemish and afrikaans . 
  i live close to the swiss border , so swiss german is n't a problem at all . 
  and , especially since i started learning swedish , there are danish and norwegian . 
  at least the `` ancient '' part does ... 
  in my experience , sarcasm , exagerration and/or absurdity . 
  there 's something funny about blowing things out of proportion . 
  that 's why sch\u00e4ubles tactics for saving money and de mazi\u00e8re 's security-policy are hilarious . 
  dang , that brings back memories ... 
  that 's okay . 
  sounds fun . 
  it 's interesting how a lot of people who deny the holocaust would n't mind if the holocaust happened . 
  i climbed on a church 's bell tower and licked the cross . 
  * a-hem * oh , and then there 's also sparkling wine and ( at least in some regions ) normal wine . 
  yeah , no . 
  you absolutely can hear if someone is from germany or switzerland . 
  germanic and norse mythology are about as different as greek and roman . 
  the names are different , that 's all . 
  most neopagans in germany use the names interchangeably . 
  yup,
