  i think this is being blown out of proportion . 
  stupid thing for him to say , do n't get me wrong , but so is everything else he says - and i think this was more in regards to turkey specifically than nato itself . 
   united we stand , divided we fall . 
  you guys are such copy cats . 
  if the eu is to get bigger and receive more authority - the people need to feel more connected with it . 
  like , voting rates for the eu need to reach those with the governments of the constituent countries . 
  the whole idea that this would be the uk 's independence day is just so oafish . 
  deciding you want to leave a political union you wanted to join in the first place is not the same as what every other country talks about with their independence ... 
  [ here 's a picture of him making the announcement ] ( http://imgur.com/y7u2w6b ), 
  neil degrasse tyson * i wish american black people would concentrate on that more too . 
  i misunderstood your comment then . 
  the coup did n't make him less popular - the reaction did . 
  no us official forced the purges to happen , or for him to nationalize press stations . 
  if you watched the coup coverage you 'd think that the us was doing him a favor for his ratings if they arranged that . 
  people overseas are allowed to have opinions about other countries politics ... no one worries about disrespecting the turkish people here by insulting their president . 
  and if trump did something to hurt you countries because someone on reddit offended him , well , that speaks volumes of his capacity to be a good president . 
  maybe trump will clinch you guys for the third . 
  we are n't being flooded with muslim immigrants ... you are ... trump wants to waste billions of dollars on a wall on the mexican american border that will literally accomplish nothing other than some nationalistic ego stroking . 
  his promises on immigration are nonsensical at best . 
  as much as i agree , no one in america who supports trump will give a crap about his opinion anyway . 
  is there any process in place to even kick someone out of nato ? 
  or would it pretty much be every other country deciding to ignore and annul the other 's membership ? 
  should get a misleading tag ... 
  there 's more at play here than you realize . 
  we have a much bigger gang crime problem in this country than in yours . 
  the police have much greater strain on them when they go in . 
  i 'm not denying police brutality existence , but numerous examples of policeman ` getting off easy ' on police brutality in america are actually false narratives about how the shootings occurred . 
  what does this have to do with immigration ? 
  and when 's the last time you 've seen a uk policeman attack an immigrant in any way ? 
  why do you have to make the rest of us look bad man ... 
  that 's wrong , because blm is n't a group . 
  it 's literally a twitter hashtag , and the so called ` organization ' built around that does no self policing at all . 
  what . 
  why is this happening in london of all places ? 
  how many police shootings were there in the uk to make this kind of confrontation in any way remotely seem necessary ? 
  you ca n't say that honestly without proving that gulen actually had a hand in this - and that the american government supported gulen in some way . 
  i 've been wondering what that means a lot now given recent politics ... 
   99 , % of your people here are virulent trumpists [ what world do you live on ? 
  ] ( http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ ) okay , look , we 're talking about two very different things here - the prospect of mass amounts of migration , and the idea of holding descendants in some way accountable for something their ancestors did . 
  i could say i 'm not being defensive , but that 'd look defensive would n't it :p . no , i know this is just a reddit debate , do n't worry , but it 's still interesting to talk about . 
  the original homeowners got displaced , and then the kids of the attacker gets displaced . 
  you 've caused more suffering , not abated some . 
  this is where vendettas come from , you know . 
  i think the children are n't entitled to the stolen home . 
  call me what you want , but at least i 've been consistent on that . 
  i * am * okay with mena ones . 
  the ones that were born there anyway , and i could say the same about the white ones . 
  morality 's totally relevant , we 're talking about whether reparations should be made or not , not the cosmic injustice that is life . 
  so , if you lived in a house all your life , and suddenly found out you father killed a man to get it , it 's okay for that person 's descendants to steal * your * stuff now ? 
  and at what point are said descendants no longer entitled to this ? 
  you 're going to be left disappointed if you expect american citizens to get this to change . 
  most americans could n't tell you with confidence what continent kosovo is in let alone advocate for serbia . 
  i did n't bring up race - you did . 
  i 've been consistent regardless or race , stop throwing your racism narrative on me , will ya . 
  if i was for whatever reason unable to get justice in my lifetime , i ca n't tell my descendants to seek it in theirs , because there is no one complicate in the act alive then , it 's as simple as that . 
  i know it sucks , i 'm not saying it 's okay , but to do otherwise would only lead to * more * suffering from innocents . 
  no one can control the lot they were given in life , my kids or yours . 
  they ca n't be expected to pay for their conditions of birth . 
  fuck you , i 'm definitely not . 
  you guys have a skewed view of american politics do n't you ? 
  i 've never said anything about non-white settlers . 
  it 's the same to me , but you need to understand that the migrant crisis is more complex for societal reasons that you are n't acknowledging here . 
  for one thing , many european countries are what many would call ` welfare states ' and are being expected to pick of the tab for a huge influx of poor people who do n't pay into the system that they just did n't have to deal with before . 
  i 'm not even advocating the forced removal of x generation muslims in europe . 
  i do n't get why you 've just decided i 'm some sort of white supremacist when you do n't even know my own skin tone . 
  what you 're essentially advocating for is the descendants paying for the crime though . 
  so two generations of people get displaced , not just one . 
  also , i still do n't understand , at what point do the descendants lose their entitlement ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  manifest destinies big all over the world i think , but considering how people seem to feel about scotland , i 'd say just ireland right now :p, 
  union of the craic ? 
  if i 'm still alive , sure . 
  my children who have n't ever lived in the home do n't get it though , tragic as it may be . 
  i do n't understand - at what point do you think reparations are no longer necessary for the descendants if they 're entitled to something ? 
  did you automatically assume i 'm a trump supporter or something , is that what just happened ? 
  or were you ` just saying ' ? 
  the migrant crisis is oodles more complex than ulster . 
  for one thing - tons of people living there are n't x generation anything , and they refuse to really integrate into surrounding communities - which makes for a lot of societal tension , as i 'm sure you 're aware of . 
  also , i 'm not justifying invasion - it 's still wrong . 
  but you ca n't expect descendants of the act to pay for it . 
  the point when no living ulster scot or celtic person alive can say they participated in the seizure . 
  u/ikol01 has probably lived as much of his life in the north as you have in your home . 
  it 's not fair to say that he is somehow less entitled to his home than you are . 
  if you honestly disagree , please tell me at what point you 'd say the american colonists became more entitled to the natives ' lands than they were . 
  edit : words are hard at 2am, 
  that original one million ...  then why are descendants of british colonists entitled to the land after a deliberate genocide of natives ? 
  what do you want me to say here ? 
  i 'm a hypocrite if i do n't hold modern americans to the standard you hold modern inhabitants of ulster to . 
  modern germans are n't responsible for the holocaust . 
  modern americans are n't responsible for the trail of tears . 
  modern brits are n't responsible for the horrors committed by their empire . 
  modern descendants of ulster scots are n't responsible for the seizure of land . 
  seizing land owned by the descendants is blaming the people of today . 
  what do you want to accomplish here ? 
  take land from another generation and double the pain suffered ? 
  * sigh * it would never belong to that one million people . 
  however , once all the living victims and perpetrators are dead - who is there to repay for such crimes ? 
  the children ? 
  you know american history right ? 
  because this is essentially what happened to the native americans .
