  that 's pretty much what happened in atlanta , and that was one of the last cities to actually have a really profitable go at the olympics . 
  i thought that was poland . 
  it 's still creepy when people say that about men btw . 
  please tell me you are a child . 
  edit : yes , insult me because of my nationality . 
  very grown up thing to do ... 
  please tell me this means they 're leaving america, 
  is this really hungary saying this ? 
  or some politically extreme site from hungary ? 
  i 've never seen so many dislikes on a comment before . 
  well deserved too . 
  whoa . 
  better go to ireland . 
  not my internet points !!!, 
  in the whole of serbia maybe . 
  this is not common across europe , or america for that matter ... 
  that 's not true ... 
  it took a couple months and to be honest , most people here have already decided who they 're going to vote for . 
  i 'm getting the sense that the media , like always , is making the race out to be much closer than it is , just like they did four years ago with romney when he did n't even have a concession speech prepared then lost by a landslide . 
  unless something big happens in the debates , i do n't see trump gaining . 
  i 'm not denying that in many ways society conditions people with certain morals - however i am pointing out that we , as individuals in society do have some small means of changing the zeitgeist . 
  a couple decades ago , gay marriage was kind of unthinkable in any western democracy . 
  now it 's generally accepted as perfectly fine . 
  society 's moral guidance changes over time as people within said societies learn and evolve . 
  if i were an individual living in say , the same universe as the purge , i would still be able to * go against * the dominant morals of that society - does that make me a feral animal ? 
  there 's no assurance the next heir will in any way be capable . 
  that 's why hereditary power in governance is an extremely bad idea . 
  the people need to be able to choose their politicians so they can actually impact the decisions made for them . 
  i 'm honestly shocked to see anyone suggest otherwise . 
  well , as the old saying goes , democracy is the worst kind of government , except for all the others . 
  hereditary power in governance is a huge mistake in politics . 
  i 'm very surprised to see anyone advocate for it . 
  so , because we do n't like brexit and trump , we aught to go back to the days of kings and lords ? 
  this is such a bizarre discussion ... 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
  how could you argue that these ideas have had anything other than a positive impact on the world ? 
  the idea the right to rule comes from the people - not despite them . 
  the thought that government exists to preserve our own rights , not `` keep us in check '' . 
  please tell me i 'm misunderstanding your comment in some way ... 
  it was not the only part of the french revolution though . 
  that 's my point . 
  you 're glossing over the rest and fixating on the terror . 
  they 're probably even more atheistic , 6 years later . 
  i wonder how these numbers have changed in 6 years ... 
  i think you 're confusing the revolution with the terror ... 
  ca n't we all just accept that we all have different taste in sweets ? 
  like , if no one bought american chocolates , they would n't show up on your shelves anyways guys ... edit : okay fine , they 'd show up and then quickly disappear . 
  supermarkets would have to test to see if they could sell , but if they did n't , they 'd get pulled . 
  another american here , i do n't think i 've seen a charleston chew in person in my entire life . 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af same thing with cheeze whiz though . 
  please stop white knighting . 
  what u/espumma said was not some weird attack on america . 
   heshey 's chocolate is fine it 's okay . 
  it 's cheap and sweet , that 's for sure . 
  not on par with more expensive typically-european sources imho . 
  then it sounds like us 's convenience store shelves for the past 5 years . 
  you 're catching up guys !, 
  dang , tell us how you really feel why do n't you :p, 
  kilogram of feathers . 
  because you have to carry the weight of how many birds you killed with it . 
  you 're saying ... that apple has the power over europe in this situation ?? 
  that 's a really shitty way to use sarcasm . 
   if trump gets president [ thankfully , that 's not likely ] ( http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo ) . 
  and even if he did , he 's prone to hyperbole anyway - i doubt he 'll deliver on most of his rhetoric . 
   earlier this month , obama was given the diplomatic middle finger by the chinese at the g20 summit . 
  he decided to let it go . 
  you mean the plane thing ? 
  that fiasco just makes china look bad imho . 
  he did n't really have a choice to let it go as it very likely was a mistake . 
  there 's not even a deal on the table yet for the uk to leave . 
  i do n't see it as denial to think that they wo n't take a deal that likely will do them no good anyway . 
  that just seems ... unnecessary . 
  at last for now , with euro-skepticism pretty high . 
  defensively , the eu is already covered by nato and other allies between each other that it does n't seem adding an eu army would really help . 
  if they were to use it offensively in other countries ( like the middle east ) , you 'd need unified foreign policy and like unified amounts of military expenditures . 
  maybe just focus on increasing joint military exercises and forming a united eu border control - which would be much more popular among most eu skeptics ... 
  i 've only ever seen cheeze whiz in really grimy gas stations . 
  part of me finds it hilarious that they 're just sitting in nice , large , european upmarket stores . 
  interesting stuff . 
  i wonder though , is the irish public on the side with most of the government in repeal ? 
  i saw one poll on the journal , but i have no idea of how their readership swings - and they let me vote soooo ... 
  considering ireland can still be competitive tax-wise with the rest of the eu , and maintain ties to all companies that want in on the eu market , it seems , at least to me , like this is a pretty good way to put pressure on businesses while saving face on acting in their interest . 
  i 've never heard of `` redneck dressing '' catching on in nonrural america , let alone europe . 
  you might be mistaking the current ` hipster lumberjack ' style for redneck ... and maybe this is my yankee-ness showing , but i do n't see a problem with burgers and ribs showing up everywhere . 
  as long as it 's not supplanting local cuisine . 
  you need to do a better job of finding better stores in america . 
  they 're out there , it 's just more of a search ( and more expensive ) . 
  if you 're listing burgers and ribs , you do n't know the meaning of the word `` redneck '', 
  they sell cheeze whiz ? 
  wtf ? 
  no one even eats that in the us !, 
  no , lol , sorry i worded that very poorly . 
  haha , yeah i wish we had a single payer healthcare system , but what you 're getting at - the strain on your health budget - is n't that the exact reason why we put ludicrously high taxes on tobacco ? 
  to offset those expenditures ? 
  you even say its a  good source of income for the national budget and a source of jobs so , after the finances have been reallocated - it 's a net positive , right ? 
  that last paragraph you wrote , do n't really get where you were going with that . 
  trying to come off a bit marxist maybe ? 
  `` i love the poorly educated ! '', 
  why joke about that . 
  just makes you look like an extremist .
