  i hate smoking too , but killing people ? 
  come on , why do n't we all just pull a philippines and murder everyone withing 10 feet of any drug ? 
  the real solution is laws that prevent unwanted secondhand smoking and discourage future consumption of tobacco . 
  so all the cigarette shops will just close at once as everyone starts dropping like flies ? 
  is that the honest theory ? 
  this seems rather sensationalist . 
  seems to me the real problem would be discouraging smoking and ensuring that people are not smoking in public , and only on designated private property . 
  if someone of legal age wants to smoke , then fine , just as long as i do n't have to smoke with them ... 
  with certain drugs there is not value in making them wholly illegal . 
  look at alcohol prohibition in the us for example . 
  it basically created organized crime in america . 
  outlawing drugs does create black markets for them - which are hundreds of times more dangerous than normal legal enterprise . 
  unless usage is so low that a substantive black market would n't exist ( which i doubt ) , it 's much safer for everyone to let it remain legal . 
  i get really frustrated with articles like this . 
  they just deliberately paint over the powder keg that is the political climate of the region , just to blame some domestic politician . 
  like , obviously david cameron is not ` ultimately ' responsible . 
  he was a contributor , maybe - it 's not like we walked into libya and razed a few squares and shot gaddafi himself or something . 
  idk , to my knowledge the difference is n't usually described as hard vs. soft for f 's . 
  mainly because it 's almost always soft . 
  you hear that a lot with other letters thoughs . 
  hard c vs soft c , hard c being the ` k ' sound , like celtic , and soft c being the 's ' sound , like celtic . 
  \u02d9 \u035c\u029f\u02d9 ( for real though that difference would be cat vs. ceiling ), 
  the same ` f ' that leads into fuck, 
  i really do think so . 
  outside of someone exposing their breasts , which i agree is bizarre for us to censor , the us usually has looser censorship laws . 
  this is a really weird thing to read considering most european countries have waaay tighter censorship laws than we do . 
  is n't a corpse like other property passed up in a will , just with more stipulations surrounding it ? 
  like compare it to someone 's house . 
  there 's still building codes that must always be upheld , just like how you talk about not being able to sell/denigrate corpses . 
  however , if someone dies with specifying what should be done with the house in the will - it is the job of the government and the legal system to step in and deal with it . 
  that 's a way more fundamental problem . 
  no doctor should ever endanger a patient , regardless of the ultimate fate of their organs . 
  and arguably , even if the doctor was thinking about the organs not the patient , more organ donors would lesson this problem as the illusion of demand would be lessened . 
  i remember talking to my dad about this in the car right after i had gotten my driver 's license ( and signed up to be an organ donor ) . 
  neither of us could come up with a single reason it 's opt-in instead of opt-out . 
  it 's really just a matter of checking a box . 
  all the people who do n't care about the fate of their organs might as well give them up for the greater good after all . 
  edit : alright , i 'm really confused on how they do this in the netherlands . 
  when are you officially added to the organ donor list ? 
  in the us , you just check a form when you get your driver 's license . 
  i assumed this time it just meant you were checking `` no , do n't take my organs '' instead of yes . 
  if this is some obscure thing where i 'm not made aware or it 's hard to deal with , that does n't really seem fair . 
  oh , i thought you were saying they moved it from another area for convenience . 
  it 's more like they 'd wish for it not to be moved out of convenience . 
  did i miss the part where they said they moved it for convenience ? 
  my karma breakdown says otherwise ~ ( \u02d8 \u25be \u02d8 ~ ), 
  you mean cause of the candidates or gerrymandering ? 
  i think [ other countries ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i ) have it a bit worse for other reasons ... 
  i do n't think people move to new countries to take advantage of the lower costs on cigarettes . 
  besides , people who would are n't exactly the kind of immigrants you want . 
  ... are you trying to mess with us here ? 
  well , the longer they drag their feet , the more time the public has to change their minds and come to grips with the real consequences of leaving the eu . 
  then it really seems like a question of whether the public would see the eea as a cop-out or not . 
  i 'd bet they would . 
  i 'm still of the mind that once a final deal is agreed upon - there 's going to be a massive resurgence in remaining - which would be given much more credence by any brexiteers who are unsatisfied with the agreement . 
  whether or not that 'll be enough to stop it going through is another matter . 
  really not sure what kind of agreement they could get that would satisfy them that the eu would ever give them anyway though . 
  i wonder if that 's a case of a secretary running his social media or something . 
  crazy how much damage was undone with the digital recreation . 
  makes me so glad we have that kind of technology now to truly immortalize this art . 
  i think he 's alluding to how facebook features things from years back on your timeline occasionally . 
  silly joke ... would n't land at all with people who do n't use facebook ... 
  just curious , are there a lot of ethnic greeks still living in places like east thrace , ionia , and north epirus ? 
  i feel like this very stupid statement is being overhyped a bit by media for clicks ... 
  yeah , you could also get a decent meal . 
  i thought you were joking , but it 's generally best not to jokingly fulfill stereotypes . 
  too on the nose i suppose . 
  do n't worry , if a frenchman had said it , it would 've been hilarious . 
  really dismantling the english arrogance stereotype i see . 
  australia can into europe . 
  why is france so french ? 
  the real questions here . 
  finland 's was pretty good too . 
  you need be able to pick them apart from the rest of the british so you can seduce them to the power of independence . 
  also , what are the czechs , spanish , and greeks even searching for ? 
  it sounds like they 're just telling google . 
  germany , portugal , netherlands , and italy . 
  well , if the country were 87 % white there would also be less perceived need for a trump . 
  it 's really just the poor uneducated , and yes white , voters who go for him . 
  ones who really jibe with the idea of pinning it on the `` other '' whether it be illegal migrants or muslims . 
  i do n't know . 
  i just balk whenever media heads or politicians start spouting stuff about any race of voters . 
  i hate identity politics . 
  euro time ??? 
  just kidding . 
  damn , you guys need a hotline . 
  from the looks of it , a hotline attended by a bunch of greeks . 
  but guinness . 
  that 's nationality . 
  ethnicity would be racial . 
  that 's why i went there . 
  saying certain countries ca n't immigrate into yours is not a problem in and of itself . 
  well , at least we can both walk away smiling, 
  i was worried this was where this would end . 
  trump said this , you said that . 
  you 're an idiot , you 're a condescending prick . 
  look . 
  i 've been following news on the election for a while now . 
  i 've made up my mind . 
  i know that the things trump says - they are n't normal by even tea party standards .
