  okay , does [ 1.5 million ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/hillary-clintons-popular-vote-lead-donald-trump-now/story?id=43667918 ) seem like a huge margin ? 
  let 's hope french media is n't giving le pen millions of dollars worth of free advertising `` because she 's entertaining '' this time . 
  except hillary won the popular vote by a huge margin , even though she failed to bring in millions of voters that obama had . 
  trump won because not enough people went out and voted . 
  none of this nonsense about `` recapturing the heart of the working class '' or whatever . 
  his numbers are very similar to romney 's when he lost by huge margins . 
  i 'm hoping the answer is `` watch them realize how much they fucked up over the course of the next four years and then finally move things forward again '' . 
  i 'm betting most of our homegrown propaganda is going to be screened out by the language barrier . 
  it 's entirely the choice of the occupants of the area . 
  people in hong kong have been staging protests for i believe a few years now to return to british rule . 
   celtic union r/celticunion would be pleased ... though i think they 'd probably take from more of scotland rather than the devon area ... 
  i remember being picked randomly on my way back from dublin once . 
  irish security guard basically said they knew it was all bullshit but they had to do it . 
  for us lawmakers its like `` being tough on crime '' by supporting even more and more ridiculous law enforcement measures . 
  voting to reduce that stuff is ( or was ) like asking to lose your seat in government . 
  [ jesus is a friend of mine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-nozu2ipa8 ), 
  wonder what the data is for english ... and how much that data would be different if the us did n't exist ... 
  you 're mocking the dialect . 
  yeah . 
  i got it . 
  not the people who do n't want the other half to vote . 
  that 's why voter id laws are in place . 
  most people already have suitable forms of identification for polling places , and the only times in recent memory voter fraud has been committed has been when someone tried to prove it could be done . 
  but voter ids are incredibly hard for poor working class families to acquire - thus making it incredibly hard for the poor to vote . 
  it 's on a tuesday because of archaic limitations on the ability 's of farmers to go out to the city , and make it back home in time for sunday mass . 
  no , i 'm not joking . 
  puerto rico has election day as a holiday . 
  why the rest of the country has n't followed suite , i could n't tell you . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  california could split into multiple states and completely swing the balance of powers . 
  state lines in this country are arbitrary geographic lines that have little to do with what area needs more say in the federal government . 
  if the rural populace is the minority voice , they should n't hold the executive office . 
  they 're already represented in other branches of government - and it 's not like * everyone * lives in urban areas anyway . 
  how can people keep unironically suggesting ways in which the least popular candidate wins ? 
  nothing about your zip code makes your voice more important than another 's . 
  you 're disregarding her votes from california ... because why ? 
  they came from californians ? 
  a vote is a vote no matter where it 's from or who casts it . 
  yes , because all of the country lives in california . 
  i find something pretty crazy about the idea of just disregarding people 's opinions on the basis of their zip code . 
  clinton won the plurality of the votes . 
  i 'm talking about trump . 
  that tiny sliver of macron that goes to le pen ... what are you doooooooooooooooooing ???? 
  that 's so silly i think now , because theoretically , california could split into like 5 states and completely shift the balance of power in our government . 
  watch the vid i linked at the end . 
  i wrote it all out and realized there was already a great video on it that 's probably much easier to understand than a wall of text . 
   why ? 
  because out of the two of them , she was more representative of the views of a plurality of americans . 
  the goal of a politician is to navigate the system , sure , but the goal of the system is to express the will of the electorate . 
  so when you get a candidate who is completely against the plurality of the electorate - you have a failed system . 
   politics supported by scientists is the way to go . 
  all you need for that is informed politicians . 
  and theoretically , all you need for those politicians to get in office is an informed electorate . 
  sometimes the corporate interests do n't support science , is the thing . 
  fuck the welsh , amirite ? 
  technocracies are insanely hard to establish and just as corruptible as any form of oligarchy . 
  it 's just dependent on who controls the intellectual institutions . 
  rather than keep science as it should and fix politics , you pollute it with politics , doing the opposite of what you would like . 
  well , a lot of it is about the history of how the government was crafted . 
  so back during our founding , we did n't have internet and the polling tools we have nowadays , so popular vote counts would be extremely unreliable and very open to forgery . 
  on top of that , the founders did have this ideal of preserving the power of the individual states , which has become less important over time to citizens . 
  the founders also did n't really predict the prominence of the two party system . 
  so , back then , the election would be not to vote directly for president , but for electors , which would be assigned to carry out the vote of their state , assigned to each state . 
  the state votes , whoever wins the state gets all the electors of their choice , and the electors head on down to washington dc and vote for them . 
  ( they could also technically be `` faithless electors '' and vote against their states wishes , if they disagreed with the choice of the populace or for some reason decided to betray their candidate of choice . 
  some states now have laws that force electors to be faithful . ), 
  because of the two party system , and the way it works with the electoral college , you end up with this system where states that are firmly in the hand of either party ( like california for the democrats or texas for the republicans ) are largely ignored because they are n't typically at risk of losing or gaining votes there , so it 's not worth the candidates time to go there unless its to raise campaign funds . 
  instead , states that are on the verge of going to one party or the other are targeted . 
  swing states basically dominate the election cycle , which also typically leads to them getting preferential treatment by the federal government due to promises made to persuade voters . 
  the states theoretically are given power through congress - so in the senate , each state gets two senators , regardless of their population , thus theoretically protecting the interests of small states . 
  and in the house of representatives , 435 representatives are split out among the states according to population , with a bare minimum of one representative per state . 
  and then , with the electoral college , the number of votes ( or electors ) each state gets is equal to the number of senators + number of representatives . 
  so alaska , with it 's ridiculously low population , has 3 electors ( 2 senators , 1 rep ) , whereas a populous state like california has 55 electors ( 2 senators , 53 reps ) . 
  all that might have been fine when we still behaved like a loose collection of states , but today , the federal government is way more important to people than the state government , and there 's little reason to give an alaskan a technical voting power advantage over a californian , or completely remove the power of someone who is out of place in their state ( like a democrat in texas , or a republican in california ) to influence the election . 
  also , watch [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ous9mm8xbbw ), 
  well , i guess you 'll only be happy as a male in ancient athens then , because you 'll be hard pressed to find any direct democracies anymore . 
  if you knew me personally you 'd know i 've been ranting for years about the electoral college to anyone who is willing to listen . 
  a great many people other than myself did the same beforehand - and you 're right , clinton fucked up , but ideally she would have won , but i would say that a great deal of blame rests on the system - and yes , americans who through their ignorance/laziness have not decided to fix the system . 
  right now you 're spouting trump supporter rhetoric that makes it sound like everybody was just peachy with the idea of the electoral college , until it did n't work out for them . 
  we were n't . 
  it 's a shit system , but it 's never been so bad that you could lose by such a huge margin before in the popular vote - and still win . 
  so a lot people are waking up to that reality this time around . 
  it 's just unfortunate that awakening did n't come beforehand . 
  they 're different . 
  it 's a question of how much unity there is and how strong the federal government should be . 
  few people think of themselves as georgians over americans , for example . 
  the electoral college is an obvious flaw ( and an outdated relic of our founding , at this point ) , but the presidency is not an inherently bad thing , especially given the balance of powers between the presidency and congress ( and assuming congress is working correctly , which it is n't , because [ gerrymandering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering ) ) . 
  the presidency is important as it provides some stability and leadership for the rest of the government , which is great among turbulent times as ( unlike with a parliament system ) they do n't have to worry as much about the short term and getting voted out instantly . 
  granted , when you get a bad president , it kinda sucks , but the point of congress is to be the , theoretically , more responsive and powerful branch of government . 
  i take umbrage with the idea that the greater amount of people should be overridden in their decision in politics . 
  if it 's solely based off of geographical location , and not some other factor ( like economic/military sacrifice to the union ) i see no reason for one country or state to receive any sort of preferential treatment despite lower population . 
  representative democracies are still democracies . 
   electoral college because nothing says democracy and freedom like obstructing vote count with state lines , and arbitrarily giving preferential treatment to voters based on the location of their polling station , to such a degree that you could get nearly 3 million more votes than your opponent - and still lose . 
  unfortunately for you , maybe . 
  leaving one union for another , eh ? 
  atlanta is pretty famous i feel , the airport probably makes it a prime landing spot for tourists too . 
  it ai n't the jewel of the south for nothin ' . 
  milledgeville was the capital at the time actually , not atlanta . 
  atlanta became the capital during reconstruction . 
  that 's really bad news to every country with turkish immigrants in them , you realize .
