  you know , i did n't think blm could sound much stupider ( what with the riots and `` fry [ cops ] like bacon '' marches ) . 
  until i heard them with british accents . 
  i wonder how exactly eu regulations work with these little guys ... 
  wanting to secede to be your own country is possibly one of the most `` american '' things to do . 
  we are talking about stereotypical americanism here , not real melting pot and freedom of speech talk here . 
  a lot of states are worse than texas , but a lot more are way better . 
  especially when you look at the gun culture , not just the laws . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  mass deportations ? 
  violent unrest ? 
  oh shit , hair ? 
  that 's low key terrifying if you do n't notice that you 're not all the way out of the door there . 
  more about the magician one . 
  i would understand how a cane might not be thick enough to stop it as well . 
  do those doors stop at all if they 're stuck open ? 
  i just went to an airport where because people stopped in front of me , my luggage kept the door open for a bit and stopped the train . 
  does it not work that way there ? 
  it 'd be one of the better fixes to the timeline one man could do . 
  [ manifest destiny ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manifest_destiny ), 
  ... did you think i was being serious ? 
  if i could go back in time , i 'd have better things to do . 
  like keep hitler in art school . 
  jenkit , yanks and gringos . 
  lovely . 
  there are two ... also , do n't know where you heard that from ... 
  \u0ca0 \u256d \u256e \u0ca0 it does n't help that we 're trained to refer to ourselves as americans though . 
  and estadounidense does n't really translate well ( nor roll off the tongue very easily for those unaccustomed to spanish ) . 
  makes me wish i could go back in time and change some maps to get south america a different name . 
  that 'd pretty much fix it . 
  that makes no sense when there 's an option to give up your child to a adoption . 
  like , if the state cares so much about people keeping their children - why let them give up their kids to adoption homes which are often overpopulated ? 
  ( or is this not an issue in germany ? ), 
  i 'm still not even convinced the uk will leave in the end . 
  i imagine they 'll just negotiate for a long time . 
  then half the country ( likely much more ) will complain about getting shafted and how it is n't worth it . 
  they 'll then call it off . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  i would think the goal would be to teach the eu a lesson and back off for them to improve ... 
  wait . 
  you 're saying that a wife who cheats on her husband and gets pregnant with another man 's child could make the husband pay for it ? 
  seriously ? 
  woo , really exercising those high school spanish lessons today . 
  things like this make me really wish we did n't share the more prominent part of our country 's name with two continents . 
  because only traitors disagree with me ... 
  i 'm guessing you 're irish . 
  i was n't trying to lump you together there . 
  i was just joking about the wishes of the british people :p . 
  fair . 
  but merkel wants to spread the economic strain of dealing with these refugees . 
  obviously that 's not working ( mostly because of them just migrating back ) . 
  i do n't know what comment you were responding to , but i 'll happily add to the disappointment over our governments actions in the middle-east . 
   there were no casualties in the latest blast , belgian media reported , and it is unclear what happened to the perpetrators . 
  good - best of luck finding these criminals . 
  edit : just curious , is my comment getting downvotes cause it 's just platitudes ? 
  i mean honestly , what other way is there to react to this story ... 
  i sometimes think they 'd push the isles into the middle of the atlantic if they could ... 
  what 's up with the polish ? 
  and why not more european countries on the survey ? 
  not so much in this day and age with minimum wage and automation . 
  better to keep them where they can pay them pennies , or just use a robot instead . 
  damn . 
  so much hate here in r/europe . 
  i think merkel was talking about refugees , not migrants , so poor title there . 
  but here 's hoping the massive clusterfuck that is the migration crisis ends soon . 
  are there any laws on the books in france to prevent this kind of discrimination by business owners ? 
  or is this one of those ` the issue has n't really been raised ' before things ? 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  if you think positively , you 're looking at you restaurant being swarmed by political activists when you might essentially agree with them but not have an interest or capability to quit . 
  if you do n't ... well , their lives could get much more dangerous . 
  granted they should be able to just do a walk out or quit en mass . 
  well , that 's a pretty relative statement , but fair . 
  the problem is its just the one guy eating it . 
  then he eats other people 's pizza and then you have to toss a half eaten hawaiian while everyone 's clamoring for something else . 
   the fuck is this , america ? 
  hey , our presidential campaigns this year have been abnormally long . 
  hawaiian pizza is disgusting . 
  always hate that one guy who wants to order hawaiian at a party and it 's just him eating it . 
  ah yes , the old `` because you 're american , you 're an idiot with no grasp on european politics '' . 
  how dare i make comments on news articles on the internet . 
  for shame . 
  also , considering the amount of upvotes i got on that comment , you two seem to be the only ones taking umbrage with my wording . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  i was expecting something much more scary . 
  they just sat in the front and no one bothered them . 
  they just looked surprised was all . 
  should be relieved :p, 
  what ? 
  who 's paying for this ? 
  these victims deserve real aid not a placebo pill . 
  i seriously did n't expect to be thoroughly criticized for my use of the word liberal . 
  i 'm not planning on apologizing for not using your favorite terminology . 
  i think you all knew what i meant regardless . 
  if that were true in the us , bernie sanders ( a jew ) would never have been a party front-runner in the presidential primaries . 
  ( despite not even being a registered democrat a couple years prior ), 
  well . 
  okay . 
  i agree there is a problem with racism . 
  across the globe i 'd argue ( `` make america great again '' and all that ) . 
  however , i 'm not talking about that .
