  that 's not at all the same thing as what the russians did with our election . 
  what you 're describing is just a byproduct of hollywood and globalization . 
  what i 'm talking about is the russian government literally paying people to spout propaganda on the internet in a manner similar to china 's 50 cent army . 
  communism gives everyone something to fear . 
  the day you no longer get paid for the work you do - is the day most people stop working . 
  unions , labor reforms , vacation times , none of that is really supported by communism . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but the role of government is supposed to be to protect worker 's rights - that does n't mean threatening everyone with communism . 
  everyone seems to get this bizarre idea nowadays that communism was only bad for the rich . 
  it was bad for everyone . 
  if you honestly think otherwise you need to go out and read more . 
  problem is these days no one ( at least in america ) believes anyone when they say we 're being manipulated by soviet propaganda . 
  even when our intelligence agencies come out and say there was manipulation . 
  even when you can literally see certain political statements being pushed on social media originating from russia - everyone believes that they 're `` too good '' to be manipulated by russians . 
  yeah , that 's the thing , even ronald reagan never claimed credit for destroying the ussr like so many republicans today wished he had . 
  it 's just capitalism is better than communism . 
  plain and simple . 
  some us policies during the cold war may have expedited the collapse , but communism was doomed to fail either way . 
  as the saying goes , `` the us raced the ussr to the poorhouse and ussr beat us there . '', 
  oh , i have been , i love those hombres too . 
   promised land but full of idiots what a rude thing to say about mexico . 
  i 'd hope that even from across the pond you 'd see that clinton and trump are n't the same ... 
  no argument here . 
  i voted with the majority ... 
  feels bad man, 
  i remember seeing an interesting survey where basically - the more faces that they added to the average , the more highly rated the faces were by men . 
  so basically the more `` average looking '' a face is , the better it looks - as all the extreme features tend to get rounded out . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i keep google searching names of these guys and it always ends up with the same red suit bearded santa i 've seen a thousand times . 
  goddamnit coca-cola , why 'd you have to consolidate santa imagery and make everything so boring ?? 
  hey , i love me some shitty meta jokes , i just got ta know them beforehand :p, 
  ... what ? 
  what 's the old saying , `` democracy is the worst system in the world - except for all the others '', 
  you 'd probably be able to mute that , though not before the first whiff ... 
  you disappoint me, 
  [ finland !!!, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/r7bikzbkffk?t=5s ), 
  why the downvotes ? 
  did people assume you were serious ??? 
  also , you dropped this --  ' - in - ', 
  that 's how we 've been doing things for decades . 
  `` i 've decided not to be a candidate in the presidential election '' ... judging from [ approval ratings ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/07/05/nearly-90-percent-of-the-french-now-disapprove-of-their-president/?utm_term=.abf3e3c246bf ) ... good . 
  worst . 
  wifi password . 
  ever . 
  itt : people who believe that only the first few thousand people fleeing war-torn countries should have access to basic human rights . 
  you do n't have a choice to remember infamy . 
  fuck that guy, 
  is n't it also in direct contradiction to un laws ? 
  like , if you realize you have a bunch of refugees in your country ... you ca n't just send them back ... that 'd be the same as executed them or imprisoning them if they 're actually refugees . 
  the problem needs to remain focused on screening out migrants and you know - stopping conflicts that destroy homes and create refugees in the first place ... 
  ah , interesting stuff . 
  so one country supplanting another in this graph like poland might suggest there are either more people who do n't drive or that drive less frequently that are reflected in the op ? 
  wish we saw more countries . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how the countries with the highest rates in the op see their stats affected here based off how many people drive / how much . 
  ah dang , wish you snagged a pick with him still using georgia, 
  holy shit , 89 percent of young people !, 
  i ca n't fathom those numbers existing where i live . 
   you are not secular if your country is run by people guided by religious principles . 
  if their lawmaking process is guided by religion , no . 
  you can worship whatever god you want , as long as it stays in sunday school , not public school . 
  and there are problems in the us that i would say make it apparent church and state are not truly separate as they should be . 
  god 's even on our currency for crying out loud . 
  the secular tradition is growing i think , but you 're definitely right in that most politicians gain more than they lose when they talk about their faith . 
  do they play [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ipume-tne5u ) song a lot in \u041f\u0440\u0438\u043f\u0435\u043a ? 
   i am pointing this out because people have said `` christianity is dead '' and `` europe is secular '' and made other similar assertions . 
  christianity does n't have to die for europe to be secular . 
  it just has to stay out of the courthouse . 
  it 'd have to die for europe to be atheist , but i do n't think people really care about that . 
  europe - relatively speaking - is secular . 
  more secular than most of the world , save maybe parts of eastern asia . 
  granted that kind of holistic approach does n't seem fair as parts of europe are obviously less secular than others ... 
  still ahead of us though on the secularism front , imho ... 
  `` i 'm sorry , i could n't stop them from putting up the windmills near your hotel mr. trump , please forgive me . '', 
  what a load of shit . 
  asking us to forgive them for criticizing a candidate who lost the popular vote spectacularly . 
  keep in mind russia has the largest population ( 143.7 mil ) . 
  next most populous is germany with 80.7 mil . 
  funny how kazakhstan is sneaking into r/europe now ... 
  now i just feel bad for moldova . 
  you do n't know much about france outside of memes do you ? 
  trumps ... a big of mixed nuts ... 
  he 's made comments that are obviously pro-nuclear armament but then said things that are anti-nato . 
  hopefully we do n't end up with a world where people just lob nukes instead of soldiers ... 
  if you have an umbrella with holes in it , you do n't cast it aside in the midst of a rainstorm . 
  you fix the umbrella or get a better one . 
  i feel like the republicans in general are too hawkish to just sit by if something stirs up . 
  if anything the us will just be a bit late to a conflict ... which i suppose is par for the course given our war history with europe . 
  i do n't think i could possibly disagree with you more . 
  i do n't have time to get into this though . 
  you think the media treated hillary with kid gloves ? 
  look into all the scandals trump was involved in that never saw the light of day - or how he dodged every policy question and got a free pass from the media . 
   us elections were never meant to be decided by the popular vote , though . 
  so he did n't bother . 
  clinton knew this as well . 
  she just plain lost . 
  you 're right , the campaigns were run in certain ways in prep for the electoral college so we would n't know what would have happened had it not been in play . 
  but i doubt trump could 've turned it around as easily , given all the polling beforehand . 
  as i said before , she did n't get near the turnout she anticipated . 
  i believe part of that is to due with the way the media tackled her presidency as guaranteed . 
  the younger voters felt no need to vote .
