  you can not hold the children of evildoers accountable for their parents actions . 
  if the victims still breath , they deserve reparations . 
  if not , unfortunate as it is , nothing can be done to set right the wrongs carried to the grave . 
  my fucking grandfather was an ira supporter . 
  if you think i do n't want a ui , you 're wrong - but i sure as hell do n't want any blood on the streets for it . 
  violence begets more violence , and i for one , am tired of making the same mistakes as every other generation since the dawn of time . 
  the prospect of a united island is intrinsically appealing to many . 
  hate to say it , but ni is kinda fucked either way if brexit happens . 
  either you lose millions in subsidies from the eu , or billions in subsidies from the uk . 
  you might either end up with a border splitting the island in two or have riots in the streets between unionists and nationalists . 
  i wish i could say something more helpful or positive here , but honestly - your lawmakers really fucked you over here . 
  edit : got those eu figures way off , sorry . 
  oh , come on . 
  that 's not fair . 
  hundreds of millions of people live on land that was stolen from someone else 's ancestors - you ca n't expect people alive today to pay for the acts of their ancestors that they were n't complicate in . 
  or should my family move back to ireland because we live on land stolen from cherokees hundreds of years ago ? 
  does n't ni receive billions from the eu as well ? 
  not to mention that there would essentially need to be a border somewhere in ni to deliver on the brexit 's immigration promises . 
  \u00af \\ \\ ( \u30c4 ) / \u00af you 're a miracle worker , doc !, 
  maybe . 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af we yanks are n't a subtle people you know :p, 
  i 'd listen to the clip on the webpage man . 
  it fits into the context of supporting erdogan because he was democratically elected more than it does into any threat narrative the independent wants to make it . 
  i think you 're overestimating america 's penchant for subtlety a lot here . 
  john kerry did n't utter a word about turkey leaving nato . 
  just stuff about nato having an obligation to uphold democracy , and urging turkey to remain calm . 
  my emoticon has leprosy oh nooooooo, 
  at least it 's ten percent smaller now !, 
  sadly , i doubt that 's true unless the people he 's fucking are n't turkish . 
  said this in r/worldnews , i 'll say it again . 
  headline is a bit misleading  us officials have since denied mr kerry 's comments on nato were a warning to turkey . 
  state department spokesman john kirby told the washington post that nato will be watching turkey carefully , but added it was `` too soon to say '' its membership was at risk . 
  the independent needs better proofreaders . 
  okay , but do they really ? 
  i keep hearing that the position is extremely important , and i understand that turkey acts as a buffer to deal with crazy amounts of terrorists to the east , but if say , turkey entered into full blown civil war - could n't nato just secure up to istanbul and call it a day ? 
  almost half of america begrudgingly supports him over hillary and probably does n't think he 's as insane as he acts . 
  the last time war was fought over government in the united states in the 1860s civil war over slavery . 
  the last time war was fought over turkish government was ... what , less than ten years ago ? 
  trump ca n't just change the constitution if he feels like it , his own party hates him . 
  i thought we managed to take the heat off brexit with our police shootings . 
  then again , we yanks have really bad international news coverage , would n't be surprised if it was reciprocated . 
  just stupid people making noise . 
  if they actually go through with it that 'd be something else . 
  better than the stereotypes in my country \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  is this non eu citizens in each region or simply all foreign people ( like is a frenchman living in spain counted ) ? 
  i 'd be more interested to see if they could show just people born outside europe . 
  to my understanding , it 's a law against concealing your identity in public - that does n't specifically target the burka . 
  i do n't personally see that as against human rights . 
  that aside , i do n't see what power the eu has to force a government to * not * ban this . 
  i am a yank though ... 
  technocracies are really hard to impose . 
  dublin 's closer and they all speak english . 
  what do you want them to do ? 
  send soldiers into turkey to root out terrorists for them ? 
  admit them to the eu out of sympathy ? 
  what about ireland , just going to use gaeilge instead ? 
  til my foreign language teachers new what i was up to ... 
  if the uk changes it 's course and some resolution comes out that they 'll stay in the eu , what actions would be taken against them though ? 
  i thought the plan was for cameron to activate article 50 ? 
  `` this does n't mean the united kingdom will be in any way , less united . '', 
  meanwhile scotland 's looking to leave again . 
  if scotland can actually make this work , i wonder how northern ireland will react . 
  a lot of asinine policies the republicans in congress have wanted for a while . 
  this ... does n't seem to fall into that category imho . 
  `` that micronation to the east ? 
  yeah , we tried to invade them once ... we failed . '', 
  you 're making me question what it means to be ~ ~ american ~ ~ european . 
  i find it funny that a map that i imagine was created to chastise imperialism is now being used to boast european ego . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , but it is pretty funny nonetheless . 
  does n't that mean half of young adults do feel european ? 
  that 's higher than i 'd expect , honestly . 
  * the trump administration is considering `` extreme vetting '' in which social media passwords and mobile phone contacts must be handed over when entering the us . 
  * okay ... but the trump has * considered * a buttload of asinine policies . 
  this will never pass , i believe . 
  but if it does , chances are i 'd be giving up my passwords too when i move back . 
  yeah , i 'd never go into a place with a sign like this out-front , regardless of the nationality . 
  the swamp is supposed to be an analogy for corruption . 
  the idea being that the national mall in washington d.c. was built upon a swamp . 
  edit : i feel the need to point out , that this is just an urban legend , and d.c. [ was not , in fact , built upon a swamp ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/08/29/no-dc-isnt-really-built-on-a-swamp/?utm_term=.b30722d274d0 ), 
  i did n't know saint patrick had a wife . 
  now i 'm reminded of the joke that the irish could n't make it through lent without drinking , so they needed paddy 's day as a cheat day . 
  either there is a ninja edit i missed , or nobody said that . 
  i think he was referring to celtic stuff when he though of natives . 
  i meant mocking with the whole leprechaun bit and turning rivers green and shit . 
  when other countries turn a religious holiday into a drinking celebration in parody of your native culture . 
  it 's more about pushing the referendum than pushing for independence it seems . 
  i think a part of sturgeon is hoping that the uk will hit the brakes on brexit when the ( most likely horrible ) deal comes out , and the threat of scottish independence is raised . 
  does n't explain denmark-germany . 
  it 's supposed to be a population map . 
  i 'd love to see the development of this over time . 
  maybe it has something to do with accuracy of national census data . 
  i 'm getting so many flashbacks to november right now it 's not even funny . 
  needs more boobs edit : in the freaking subreddit banner , you bunch of nerds . 
  i am so uncultured, 
  so i see someone is n't a fan of fries ... 
  we make the best planes . 
  we 're beating the eu bigly . 
  the goal is n't to compare populations , it 's to compare economic output . 
  that 's the point of gdp . 
  you wan na compare gdp per capita , have fun making your own map .
