  welcome to the hotel copenhagen ... 
  r/bannedfromthe _ donald, 
  ... you do n't see many elections , do you ? 
  a lot of americans are voting `` not clinton '' this time around . 
  and a lot of americans are n't voting this time around ... or any time around ... my countrymen piss me off so much sometimes ... 
   that 's bound to happen when you are the most powerful country in the world aww ... you really do care ( \u25d5 \u203f \u25d5 ), 
  yeah . 
  i feel embarrassed by this election cycle as well . 
  at least i 'm not a republican . 
  ... are you serious ? 
  i have to say , it boggles my mind how there are still undecideds in the united states . 
  the choices are so ... different ... 
  there 's no escape is there . 
  alternate title : men who lie the most about doing housework . 
  the rebels are n't with isis ... 
  what * are * you talking about ? 
  russia 's backed the brutal assad regime since the beginning , a regime , may i remind you , that has used tear gas and torture techniques on its own civilians . 
  meanwhile the uk , france , united states and the arab league have been unified in supporting the rebels - which the us did n't even start doing until around 2012-2013 , more than a year into the civil war . 
  the us sails through un agreed upon international waters . 
  china blatantly disregarded a united nations convention on the law of the sea in pushing their nine-dash line . 
  as for crimea , you must not watch a lot of news if you think the situation there is just peachy and the crimeans enjoy their new russian overlords . 
  but no - [ nothing sketchy ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2014/05/06/russian-government-agency-reveals-fraudulent-nature-of-the-crimean-referendum-results/?utm_term=.cb8ba752d52c ) going on there . 
  my government has not been initiating these conflicts , we 've merely taken the side of our allies in opposing the aggressors , so step off with your lunacy . 
  edit : this post has seen the most fluctuations in upvotes and downvotes that i 've ever posted ... 
  there 's a civil war killing and displacing millions in syria , china 's trying to take over the south china sea , and russia is basically getting away with annexing crimea . 
  and you think , the fault lies with the west ? 
  this is the kind of ill-advised language trump used when he talked about nato ... 
  wow , i never saw this coming . 
  you pulled vatican city all the way out next to ireland then did n't include ireland 's number . 
  for a sec i thought the irish had a vastly inflated police program :p, 
  when you ca n't beat them by land , attack them by sea ? 
  no ... not here too ... 
  i ca n't escape the trumpisms ... 
  do n't forget monaco and liechtenstein . 
  if your only readily available source for international news was the bbc , you 'd understand . 
  even then it 's unusual to get them in your tv package ... 
  why * is * serbia so good at water polo ? 
  in other news germany , sweden , denmark and norway have record numbers of searching themselves on google . 
  good read  can we really blame him ? 
  any european who sets out to write a book about what the americans should do to limit inequality in the united states and bridge the growing gap between republicans and democrats , whites and blacks , or the states of the bible belt and those along the coasts , would surely be off the mark as well . 
  that was an odd comment though . 
  no economist worth their salt would pinpoint that as the issue . 
  it 's about the disparity between the wealthy and the poor in general , and the disappearance of the middle class . 
  is the .5 scotland and ni ? 
  invite invaders ? 
  huh , til . 
  thanks . 
  off-topic . 
  i still do n't understand why we call deutschland germany . 
  instead of dutchland . 
  and we call people from niederlande dutch instead of netherlanders . 
  we should call the deutsch dutch and the nederlanders netherlanders ... 
  what 'd you do to iceland ? 
  hey now , we got ta get something out of this too . 
  if you 're gon na take away the tequila at least give us some guinness . 
  ahh , now we got ta deal with * those * wankers ... at least i can get better guinness though . 
  they 're not apologizing so they definitely are n't canadians . 
  ca n't stop that gulf stream though ... 
  blast from the past there . 
  :p you say countertaste , i say ruining the flavor . 
  you wan na go mate ? 
  i 'm just happy to see this outside of a calculus class, 
  considering all the posts from germanic and nordic languages ... 
  i doubt that ... 
  more than i understood from both of you :p, 
  i bet it is :p makes me wish my parents pressed me harder with those language courses when i was a kid . 
  oh , i just meant since i 'm * supposed * to speak my native tongue . 
  hablo espa\u00f1ol bastante bien -- et un peu fran\u00e7ais ( j'apprends ) ... agus t\u00e1 m\u00e9 ag foghlaim na gaeilge last one does n't get much use at all though . 
  i feel like i 'm going to get much less fun out of this than everyone else . 
  i 'm 95 % sure that was the point . 
  yeah , because hussein , gaddafi and assad never did anything wrong before the west showed up ... 
  that ... is that real ? 
  we shall see . 
  it seems there 's quite a bit of democratic support behind it if no one in the house voted against it . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your point . 
  if obama were up for re-election , i might agree , but obama 's supporting hillary , and hillary seems to be more hawkish . 
  i imagine she 'd be in support of this bill . 
  it 's kind of speculative at this point if obama will or will not sign , so i would n't read too much into it yet . 
  if the senate passes it with as much support as the house ( unanimous ) that would easily override a presidential veto . 
  the house passed it unanimously . 
  if the senate does , that 's more than enough to override the veto . 
  i do n't consider lethal a bombastic word . 
  and i do n't think i 've been desensitized or something . 
  it 's just not that bombastic ... 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it speculates that obama might * not * sign it as he 's been resistant to escalate the ukraine situation . 
  the house passed the bill , not the president . 
  the senate still needs to pass it before obama can even veto it or sign it . 
  you are not mistaken . 
  that 's a bad flair on the post . 
   this is the most american title i have seen . 
  ... what does that even mean ? 
  wo n't matter if the senate passes it as easily as the house . 
  did we skip the part where it goes through the senate ??? 
  or is that just not mentioned in this article ? 
  edit : it is , whatever mod put that flair , you 're skipping over the senate man !!!, 
  it 's not up to obama yet . 
  does n't sound like it 's officially over for rome . 
  honestly , i 'm kinda disappointed by everyone 's skepticism toward the olympics as of late . 
  i think the olympics have gotten waaaay too extravagant , and we need to move back to just renovating existing arenas - not just building new ones .
