  because you know they can do better . 
  i 'd be legally enforced to . 
  which is despicable . 
  i 'm all for people making their own decisions in where to eat and how to dress . 
  that 's what happens in a free country . 
  the thing i find despicable in this video , is how the men basically force the women to leave and harass/threaten them the entire time they are there . 
   if you have a french flag at your house you must be a racist xenophobe . 
  oh , i do n't buy that for one minute . 
  perhaps i could get a second opinion from a different frenchman , but from what i see when i walk through your streets is very different , though i do n't speak the language , i doubt that you would call someone racist or xenophobe for that . 
  right now , your hyperbolic depiction of leftists is just reminding me of the way rightwingers at home described people who disliked trump . 
  ehh , not really ... 
  there are ghettos in inner cities that you will honestly never want to go to anyway . 
  it 's much less to do with sexism than it is to do with crime . 
  but , you 'd have to almost go out of your way to get into those places . 
  i consider myself a leftist , at least by american standards . 
  i think there 's a bit more nuance to this discussion than this . 
  in what way are these sexists enriching french culture ? 
  i have a feeling this is very neighborhood based , but you would not see this in most immigrant communities here . 
  `` we do things like we do in our home country '' `` we 're not in paris '' what the fuck . 
  you 're in france do as french people do . 
  this is the reason they make you sign an assimilation contract ... 
  [ woosh ] ( https://youtu.be/svtlfogh19c?t=13s ), 
  [ welcome to the club ] ( https://youtu.be/za2pjncakua?t=5s ) do you know any other languages yet ? 
  would recommend . 
  * looks at trump * * rubs back of head nervously * * looks at different eu citizenship pages * * rubs hands together eagerly *, 
  form a eu wide migration agency to deal with immigrants and refugees . 
  you understand what the guns are for , right ? 
  oh , i 'm really going down the rabbit hole with this thread ... no , frexit is not next . 
  the eu was n't designed to stop terrorism , but yeah , it does need to do a better job of it . 
  i 'm not going to keep indulging you with replies here ... 
  why not disband nato and nafta too then , because they are ` underachievers ' . 
  crazy to shift between absolutes so quickly . 
  so you 're saying we * need * the eu to become as integrated as the us is ? 
  well buddy , that 's just not going to happen ( at least not for many , many years ) , so you better check your expectations . 
  ooooh , surely you 're not saying the `` democratically elected '' president is a russian plant , * noooooooo * , that 's * not possible * ... 
  that 's nothing to do with what we 're discussing - and not nearly on the same level of `` things that could happen '' as what i was talking about . 
  if mississippi became the sick man of the usa , and found a way to bloat up their public sector somehow - you would definitely see a movement against them by many other states . 
  2016 was also the least representative election year for us ever sooo ... 
  okay , but mississippi is n't the only state that goes red either , and there 's more issues with lack of representation on the board here when we talk about why we have a republican government with a pretty overwhelmingly democrat populace . 
  the main point is that at least in theory , a state or collection of other states could , if they wanted to , slam a bill through congress and force another state to get their act together in some way . 
   russophobe i 've never even heard this term before . 
  it makes me laugh that that 's even a word . 
  georgia and azerbaijan would be direct steps against another country 's sovereignity . 
  they 're more likely to raise a proxy war with georgia via abkhazia . 
  right now it seems putin 's plan is to attempt to neuter nato and the eu , and remove the us 's influence on european politics . 
  it 's not exactly failing at this rate though . 
   or i hope we start massively using electric cars soon . 
  that 's probably more feasible . 
  i fear for them . 
  they 're going to get rofl-stomped if they keep acting so belligerent , and their economy has already gone through the shitter . 
  he meant power over it like they can directly influence mississippi via the federal govn . 
  not that california is more influential than mississippi , though it is ( not on a per-capita scale though ) . 
  we do n't say it , but it 's not a weird thing to say - especially given the more unifying tone of saying it about europe not america . 
  we would n't say it because we already think we 're america ( as in the usa , not north and south ) . 
  it would n't really be effective rhetoric here ... 
  at the same time a taxpayer in lorraine still sends their money to the french government . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  your analogy is faulty . 
  i could much more accurately ask you why you would n't be okay with your tax dollars going to mexico in the way you describe . 
  and some people do complain about federal taxes - but you need to understand the ocean of difference there is between the us federal taxes , and the eu budget . 
  i know it sounds ridiculous given our current president elect , but the eu is simply nowhere near the level of unity the us is already at . 
  we are one country . 
  they are 28 . 
  that has yet to change , and it 's probably not going to at least for a long ass time . 
  and that 's not even touching the differences , culturally , economically , and most importantly - fiscally , between every country in the eu . 
  just compare greece 's public sector to germany 's , and you 'll get a glimpse of what i 'm talking about . 
  quite simply , these governments do not earn money in the same way , and they do n't spend it in the same way , and those differences are big contributors in each country 's ability to deal with economic crisis - and none of those differences are really present in america . 
  edit : to be clear , this is n't euroskepticism . 
  i think the eu is a beautiful thing . 
  but it 's not the * same * thing as the us federal government . 
  and there 's countless barriers in the way of it getting closer to it at the moment . 
  i 'm very confused . 
  yeah that 's not going to happen in europe . 
  it 's the slimmest thought of that was a big contributor for brexit . 
  no german wants to hear that their tax revenue is being endlessly funneled into greece . 
  bailouts are a different story . 
  but just straight up funneling the wealth away ? 
  no way . 
   we are europe ... does n't sound that bad to me . 
  unless maybe you think he 's excluding people by only addressing french people with this . 
  but i do n't see why you would think about it that way . 
  `` we are america '' certainly would n't be an out of place slogan here , though it 'd probably be less effective given the political connotations of the word . 
  you 're good at sucking penises . 
   it goes both ways ... jesus christ how people are unironicaly unaware of them selves , it 's hilarious . 
  that 's quite the comment from you judging from where i 'm standing . 
  everyone should have the right to freedom of speech . 
  everyone should have the right to criticize anyone else . 
  the only one who seems to have a problem with freedom of speech here is you . 
  ... if you are joking , well , you failed . 
  it was an infantile interpretation of rights , and if you meant it as a joke , the medium of textual interaction that is the internet , did n't help deliver the punchline . 
  i feel like you 're the kinda person who would also say russia would have nothing to gain from annexing crimea . 
  it 's not about ` value ' it 's about national pride . 
  freedom of speech = / = freedom from criticism . 
  else freedom of speech would n't even make sense from another perspective . 
   the us is not our friend . 
  it never has been , it never will be . 
  well , i 'd like to think the past 8 years and you know ... ww2 ... did n't count for nothing . 
  modern day american republicans are not your friends ... 
  ah , but the truth is n't conducive to making a snippy joke . 
  it 'd be very easy at the time to simply lie about the popular vote count .
