  heheh , he 's right though ... 
  so , when did english become the mother tongue of ireland ? 
  surprised spain and france answered with chinese . 
  you 'd think they 'd say french/spanish , portuguese , or german - especially since they 're neighbors ... are there a bunch of chinese people taking over andorra or something ? 
  friends do n't blow up other friends ' planes ... 
  a lot of other countries were wearing more traditional wear . 
  it would have been great had all the irish come out in aran jumpers and shillelaghs . 
  actually , the shillelaghs would probably be a bit much ... 
  it is * the * right wing party . 
  considering there 's only two important ones , i 'd agree that it 's not monolithic , but you can still make broad claims about parties . 
  that 's kinda the point of them existing . 
  * whistles innocently * just kidding . 
  people who brag wo n't get openly chastised but i think most people will just silently consider you an asshole here . 
  i 'd agree if number 12 was n't there ... 
  anyone else feel sad that they needed to include number 13 ? 
  you think austria 's bad , check out what the rest of the eu thinks of you ... 
  thank you . 
  i 'm not sure why i expected to be able to understand that ... 
  what . 
  did n't sound fake to me . 
  depending on how hard the uk 's economy gets hit , we might see even more changed mind - especially if austerity measures are taken . 
  that 's the joke . 
  indeed . 
  makes sense . 
  ireland has a ton of medications exports . 
  it 's a short move . 
  and it kinda feels fair since ireland is also likely go to be getting hit the hardest out of eu members with this brexit thing . 
  except for that one guy in the background at 0:40, 
  k. know that behind the emotion - there are good reasons not to leave ... 
  okay , multiple someones . 
  you do understand why people are upset with the uk though right ? 
  this is not something that will singularly affect the people who decided to leave after all - but this will affect the entire eu , and quite possibly not for the better . 
  no one seriously wants to destroy the united kingdom ( which is still quite different from having support for scottish independence to many ) - though i suspect most of the toxicity is coming from an understandable place . 
  just magnified by the feeling of anonymity and the propensity for extreme overreaction on the internet . 
  my comment was meant to point out how silly it sounds to suggest you now want to leave the eu because someone hurt your feelings on the internet . 
  i know you were being hyperbolic , but come on . 
  no need to fan flames and all that . 
  this is r/europe . 
  not europe ... 
  i wonder how that will change though when the uk actually leaves the eu , and the presumed economic fallout really happens . 
  the best thing scottish people can do for their chances of independence is work on getting a deal with the eu to let them in immediately if they can get an independence referendum going . 
  considering how slow brexit is going - they should have plenty of time . 
  okay , i do n't think ni will leave - but that statement is patently false . 
  there 's a lot of unionist in ni to be sure , but ni also receives a ton of money from westminster that dublin simply ca n't foot the bill for at this point . 
  if ni got cut off due to austerity cuts following brexit , and things got bad enough - those unionists will start singing a different tune , i think . 
  and come on , it 's their neighbor * ireland * . 
  you make them sound like the freaking ussr . 
  someone 's messing up the group 's average ... 
  i disagree . 
  media has their sources from the police right ? 
  if the police refuse to give the information to the public - there 's no credible source for the information about the terrorists identity . 
  i do n't understand you guys sometimes , some of you talk about how multiculturalism is an abject failure then some of you go around calling this kind of rhetoric racist ... 
  the massive amounts of migrations is a problem . 
  harsh rhetoric or no . 
  why on earth is the one guy in that picture holding a picture of obama saying `` no we ca n't '' ? 
  does he know what country he 's in ? 
  edit : it was a joke people , keep your downvotes to yourselves . 
  turkey did n't hold up their end of the bargain either though . 
  this is bad news for uk science . 
  not belgian science . 
  if your government does n't pick up the bill , it will be bad news all around since its just defunding science . 
  your politicians really screwed the pooch on this one . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  [ thank you internet stranger . 
  what are you talking about with mississippi ? 
  i would say the fact they are lone wolves without schemes is exactly why they 're slipping through the cracks . 
  just so you know , these texas secession discussions are mind-numbingly stupid . 
  there is no precedent whatsoever for texas to secede , and there 's less than a percentage point of people who would even want that . 
  the same could not be said for scotland , where they 've already done referendums on independence before , and there 's a significant number of people who want it . 
  there 's also a good chance the eu would be happy to accept scotland due to angers over brexit , and the fact that this would put pressure on spain to remain as well . 
  just saying no one would recognize it does n't make it so . 
  ireland would likely recognize it - so would a vast amount of countries if scotland set up a fully functioning regional government , which they pretty much already have . 
  westminster could n't just ignore it and carry on as if they had n't declared independence . 
  saw image of man holding a document with 1776 in the background . 
  i feel clickbaited :p, 
  what recourse does westminster have if scotland votes to leave ? 
  you 're not suggesting military action would happen , are you ? 
  an overwhelming majority of scottish voters wanted to remain . 
  if another majority wants scotland to leave your union for the eu , well that 's just too bad . 
  i hate trump , but i just want military spending to go down ( an understandable opinion to hold , i would say , looking at the us 's budget ) that 's a completely different thing to say though then suggesting we might not come to the support of our allies across the atlantic . 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i wish i could tell you . 
  nuclear arms are simply not a talking point at all in american politics . 
  i feel like a case where european countries feel obliged to follow and uphold a military pact of some sort with the us , but the us just does n't care . 
  trust me , most people at home feel flabbergasted as well . 
  totally reasonable - i wish you the best of luck out there !, 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , but i sincerely hope your decision was motivated by more than the political climate . 
  there 's more to every country than their politics . 
  there 's a us base in turkey right now . 
  i doubt we 'll see any harsh rhetoric from the us about turkey until all those men - and those nukes - are safe . 
  also , i have the strange sense they 're playing word salad with john kerry 's words here . 
  john kerry urged turkey to respond reasonably - i have not heard him call the response reasonable . 
  ( forgive me since i know very little about how the eu 's structure is now ) well the trick is a multicameral legislature . 
  a senate with equal votes per country another chamber with ones roughly correlating to population of country and perhaps another to do with economic contribution to the union . 
  yeah , the problem though is getting over this huge amount of euro-skepticism . 
  uk is actually helping with that , oddly enough , by showcasing the potential damage of leaving . 
  i think it 's just a matter of more transparency in the eu , more easy access to influencing it , and more people feeling like europeans , and not just exclusively their national identity . 
  ah , so , because i 'm a yank i ca n't have an opinion on euro politics , got it ... 
  dude , that 's america 's fault , not europe . 
  we ca n't * make * them send their troops to war if they do n't see value in it ( perhaps rightly so ) . 
  if we 're to get free college , we need to elect representatives who care more about that than military spending .
