  you 're telling me . 
   in europe i feel left out . 
  my state overwhelmingly voted for trump , but i fought hard to not make that so . 
  saying we ca n't complain is worse than saying bremainers ca n't complain about losing eu citizenship . 
  at least we got the plurality of votes for clinton . 
  `` you people '' if you 're suggesting we should assassinate the current president elect , i do n't know what more to tell you then left wingers in the usa historically have much lower numbers of gun ownership than right wingers . 
  we can complain when we voted against him . 
  we 've been trying to get answers for the past year from trump on his agenda . 
  good luck with that germany . 
  they 're not the only ones i watch . 
  the past few years i 've found myself laughing out loud when someone tells me cnn is biased or `` democrat partisan hacks '' . 
  they are the only major news outlet that you will always , no matter the story , consistently find giving equal time to right wing and left wing analysists on matters of politics . 
  one cnn reporter once said they always `` tell the story right down the middle . 
  not to the left , not to the right , right down the middle . '', 
  unfortunately for cnn there 's not always two sides to the truth . 
  and you 'll see that if you listen to any post presidential debate coverage with kayleigh mcenany vs. van jones . 
  lecture me more on what the news agencies i watch are saying . 
  `` who do you believe more , me , or your own lying eyes ? '', 
   certainly , but the american mainstream media does n't have just `` suspicions '' , they , as i previously said treat it as if it was a fact . 
  you say that as if you live there . 
  i do n't know what you consider `` mainstream '' , i 've had someone tell me buzzfeed and breitbart are `` mainstream '' , but i can unequivocally tell you right now , no televised american news network is outright calling this fact . 
  i did n't say it meant that . 
  i said  is enough to at least dignify any suspicions of a russian connection , imho . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  has the serbian government cut off access to google where you 're from ? 
  [ fbi agrees with cia that russia backed trump ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/clinton-blames-putins-personal-grudge-against-her-for-election-interference/2016/12/16/12f36250-c3be-11e6-8422-eac61c0ef74d_story.html?utm_term=.82624fe9b840 ) [ russian official accuses ukraine of sabotaging trump ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/russia-ukraine-trump-manafort-232101 ) [ trump campaign and its chief , paul manafort , try to move past ukraine report ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/16/us/politics/trump-campaign-paul-manafort-ukraine-cash-payments-russia.html ) the fact that paul manafort , a former pro-russian ukranian lobbyist , worked as the chief of the trump campaign is enough to at least dignify any suspicions of a russian connection , imho . 
   we only let us do our dirty work . 
  that is not true . 
  my government , and those in office and their predecessors who contributed to this mess - and everyone who voted them in , should be held accountable for that . 
  do n't make it sound like the us is a gun that europe pointed at the middle east . 
  we very much so helped pull the trigger ourselves . 
  but would it be easier for other european countries to get scientific papers cited if their native language was used more around the world ? 
  or , as i suspect this study was only done on english papers , if it were in english ? 
  ... what 'd i do ? 
  it 's a common joke that trumps a putin puppet . 
  feels good man . 
  i do wonder if this is influenced by language though . 
  i 'm assuming trump is another putin puppet , what 's the second one ? 
  would n't this alienate a shit ton of her base ? 
  or a large amount of people considering voting for her ? 
  my grandparents are dead . 
  but at least they looked on the bright side of life while they had it . 
  oh yes , lets only worry about these words after he 's turned them into irreversible actions ... nevermind all the different things he 's * said * he will do , like dismantle the healthcare system , or all the corporate interests he 's already blatantly following if you look at his cabinet list . 
  none of that matters , because apparently `` an empty record is a good record '' . 
  in the past week alone he 's picked fights with cnn , for some reason calling them `` fake news '' despite them dispelling a false story about him sent out by another media company . 
  he then refused to let them ask him questions at a press conference after attacking them . 
  he 's picked a fight with a civil rights leader right before mlk day . 
  and he 's still yet to resolve countless issues over conflicts of interests . 
  nice . 
  a few of the phrases are a bit ... inelegant though , in english . 
  ... does the bbc not cover american politics or something ? 
  that 's the same line of thinking that gave my country trump . 
  btw , when trump was asked in an interview what foreign leader he admired , he picked angela merkel . 
  at least he thought of someone though , third party candidate gary johnson needed an assist from his vp candidate ... 
  i hate american politics so much right now ... 
  it 's france . 
  of course they are pessimistic . 
  that 's not the same as wanting out though . 
  or else greece would already have left . 
  well , at least you can afford internet access and free time to browse reddit . 
  which is a lot more than quite a few people could say . 
  i was n't trying to argue with you last night . 
  sorry about that . 
  you 're right - to an extent , the flag is not seen half as much as it is in america . 
  i personally do n't understand why . 
  i think it 's a horrible thing that the only people who regularly wave it are considered racists or xenophobes . 
  but its not so rare that i * only * see it at government buildings either . 
   you will never see a french flag anywhere else than at the city hall . 
  00:30 now , and i 've already seen the flag at plenty of other places than a city hall < . <, 
  you realize , most likely every human culture was backwards like this at some point . 
  you make it sound like abandoning heritage or something , by letting women eat in a caf\u00e9 . 
   there simply is no will to be like us , the question then is what do we do about it ? 
  that , is where you are wrong . 
  you even said it yourself , you were born from a sexist culture . 
  you know that someday , in the future , the culture will change . 
  it will grow to include women as it should . 
  it may not be this generation , it may not be the next . 
  but it will at some point . 
  it 's already happened to other cultures , it will eventually happen to theirs . 
  i 'd love to keep spouting these american-ish optimistic statements on the state of politics and culture at you guys , but i need to sleep too . 
  i 'm surprised you guys further east have n't turned in already . 
  i do n't see multiculturalism as a necessarily destructive force . 
  but i find it honestly ridiculous that your left wing politicians would not embrace french cultural symbolism . 
  it really sounds like a major political failure . 
  as i said in another post , french people have so much to be thankful for . 
  to already live in a place that obviously , so many less fortunate people wish they could be . 
  i do n't understand why they would not show off the flag . 
  i 've seen enough of france to know that , just like in america ( while people there also think to the contrary oftentimes ) , the right does not own patriotism . 
   i do n't know anybody owning a flag , even less displaying it . 
  well , why the hell not ? 
  left , right , socialist , whatever , i do n't understand why - as a frenchman , you live in such a prosperous nation , and so many freedoms are protected for you by your government which are hardly even a thought in other parts of the world . 
  you have so many reasons to be thankful for this great nation of france . 
  i do n't understand why you should hide her flag . 
  oh , it saddens you that i find their sexist culture disgusting , does it ? 
  what you 're saying right now , is so hilariously bigoted in its expectations of immigrants , that i 'm honestly quite flabbergasted . 
  the idea that their culture or their mindset , or something about * them * prevents them from adhering to a normal standard of freedom that we would expect from ` any other westerner ' . 
  it 's the soft bigotry of low expectations . 
  you do n't suddenly stop recognizing ** universal rights ** because someone 's a migrant . 
  you do n't pity them for being inhumane . 
  you expect more from them .
