  i 'm talking about people who are commonly referred to as liberals ( at least in american politics ) trying to vilify their opposition by blatantly mis-characterizing their actions . 
  i consider these tactics to be against what i consider liberal values , or at least american liberal values , as i do consider myself an american liberal . 
  nah , just upset with pseudo-liberals blurring the line between refugees and economic migrants . 
  if there was some sort of pan - eu border agency that prevented this kind of stuff , i feel like juncker would 've felt differently ... 
  fears of terrorist 's reprisal . 
  that 's why it matters . 
  honestly , i 'd rather they just leave the faith than try and make it relax . 
  i do n't think the fence is intended for * refugees * . 
  i was n't asking it seriously . 
  we have different perceptions of freedom of speech . 
  personally , i think it 's best to let people show all these hateful things . 
  that way it 's a reminder of how stupid and how horrible these things were . 
  the kkk , for instance , would never exist the way it does here in europe . 
  and then the question of course always comes , who do we trust to make these bans ? 
  obviously not these french mayors ... 
  but when though ??? 
  edit : guys , i know there 's a discussion on when the date is . 
  i 'm being facetious . 
  i thought you wanted her to get it over with ... 
  unfortunately not as many . 
  in the us you can wear a swastika on any outfit you want . 
  you will never get that in europe . 
  oh wow , you 're on the opposite side of the spectrum i thought you were on . 
  there 's no room for nuance in your worldview is there ? 
  i believe in a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants - just so long as it is a longer path and one devoid of the benefits until it is concluded . 
  they 'd also be happy to tell you how much of a problem it is to have uncontrolled floods of migrants entering the country . 
  or are you not reading peoples comments on this link ? 
   you mean like the millions who have came into the us ? . 
  those guys were legal . 
  these people are not . 
  they 're undocumented . 
  discussing the merits of the immigration process is for another time - but you must follow the laws of the country you migrate to . 
   so they 're refugees . 
  tax evasion is a crime . 
  i do n't understand how committing crimes makes one a refugee . 
   because the french are always telling me healthcare is a human right . 
  if you honestly thought that , you would n't be on a computer right now and all your money would be being sent to third world countries . 
  what ? 
  you understand that amount of migrants coming in ? 
  why do n't you just force them to give up half their bank accounts to even the load ? 
  these people , they are n't even refugees . 
  they are illegal economic migrants . 
  they did not pay taxes - they are not french . 
  how could you expect a french taxpayer to shoulder the burden of their healthcare ?? 
  how do you `` not look '' at your mutilated genitals or your husband ? 
  did you misread this guys post somehow ? 
  shhhhhh, 
  [ i see what you did there . 
   if greece had just walked away from its debt if we just default on our loans all our problems would be solved . 
  right ? 
  right ?? 
  i know . 
  u/ourari mentioned the burqa with the burkini . 
  what ? 
  laws banning facial masking ( which includes the burqa ) have been on the books in france since 2010 . 
  the european court of human rights already upheld that law in 2014 . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_ban_on_face_covering ), 
  he ca n't be sober though . 
  drunk speak is really its own language . 
  i 'm really confused now with r/europe . 
  this is alright , because the germans enforce a strict secular dress code with public servants ... 
  but if they do this in france with public beaches ... ? 
  or is this an unfair comparison ? 
  yeah , i was lumping that in with `` other rights '' . 
  i did that because i presume most of that stuff could be solved if there were better visa options set up . 
  something that globalization in general could fix and whatnot . 
  is this issue for you mainly over voter rights or other rights you might lose out on if you did n't possess both citizenships ? 
  if its just the former , then i 'd have to say that it makes sense to not be able to vote twice in multiple countries , just like how in the us it 's not right to try and vote for two different governors in two different states . 
  is farage trying to get german citizenship ? 
  i suppose they could . 
  is this a thing on the books for all dual citizens , or just specific countries ? 
  does n't seem to fit within another country 's power to remove someone 's citizenship . 
  like , if i got french citizenship , they should n't be able to force me to denounce my american citizenship . 
  asking me to denounce it beforehand in order to receive french citizenship would be another thing . 
  but i doubt that 'd be effective at combating the growth of parallel societies in a country . 
  i thought this would have more to do with the idea of revoking citizenship and deporting felons with dual citizenship . 
  are you trying to prove something ? 
  you know that these bans are due to the actions of a handful of mayors right ? 
  to everyone complaining about this now suddenly in the comments here , i hope you know your governments opened the door to this the minute they started banning swastikas . 
  the government already has the power to ban something because its offensive . 
  you 're only complaining because you do n't think a burkini is offensive enough . 
  well tough . 
  i feel like most of these comments are overreacting here big time . 
  they made a ban on this because of the political message of wearing the burkini . 
  i may not agree with it , but that does n't mean they do n't have the right to make and enforce the ban . 
  they are n't suddenly a fascist hellscape because they threatened to fine someone for not following a dress-code . 
  relax . 
  or make a deal with ukraine . 
  there some holiday in venice i do n't know about ? 
  so you can go into school with a straight up mask on and not get in trouble for it ? 
  seriously ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i 'd be happy to talk about face covering attire in general ( which i 'm pretty sure would already be banned ) . 
  but that 's not what this article is about . 
  i did n't even mention the niqab in my original post , i only mentioned it there because i was unsure if you were confusing it with the hijab ( which just covers the hair ) . 
  the niqab is face covering . 
  i think it 's perfectly within the interest of the state to disallow certain kinds of dress . 
  there are laws in schools here that disallow women from wearing skirts to short for instance . 
  the niqab is a barrier to communication , and perhaps more importantly will ostracize the student in question who wears it . 
  well , celebrities do that to deliberately hide their identity from the public to make them more passable in normal everyday life .
