  wearing a niqab makes you more notable in public than not . 
  also , when you talk about stripping people my brain defaults to thinking about some soon-to-be horrible prison story scenario . 
  and from a british guy too . 
  i 'm kinda surprised . 
  to be fair that 's a pretty big area . 
  but still , i wonder why water polo seems to be mainly popular in just this area ... 
  little cynical do n't ya think ? 
  in my experience , the more oppressive they get with `` superficial individuality '' ( clothes and haircuts ) the even worse they are going to be about dealing with behavioral problems . 
  we are talking about schools after all , not military academies . 
  and in my experience , students who had to wear uniforms typically hate the school a lot more . 
  if they ca n't express themselves in such a small way as clothing , how can they expect to do so in other ways ? 
  ** disclaimer ** : i 'm not defending the niqab . 
  i hate the veil , and i 'm good with bans on it . 
  what i 'm not okay with is school uniforms . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about here . 
  one of the most dehumanizing things one can do is covering someone 's face . 
  i do n't understand how people want to live their lives behind a mask , religion or no . 
  really ? 
  you do n't get to wear clothes other than school uniform during school hours ? 
  if anything , school-time is exactly where we want to preserve people 's individuality . 
  that sounds crazy to me . 
  i get dress codes , but uniforms are too much imho . 
  well , that 's the thing is n't it . 
  i do n't consider it an infringement on rights to observe peoples faces as they prepare to board an airplane . 
  fair , i blame mexico then . 
  the ural mountains , caucus mountains and istanbul . 
  yeah !, 
  take that - bangladesh !, 
  europeans also have big heads confirmed !!!, 
  when people are worried about the eu becoming a superstate but secretly the big goal is to make a world government . 
  * come on , canada , get you 're head in the game !, 
  * shhhhhhhh !!!, 
  * * you 'll ruin the plan ... *, 
  it 's also typically popular thought to catch criminals at every turn you can . 
  well , that 's quite like doxxing is n't it ? 
  that does n't seem to be the kinda system the minister is describing at all though . 
  it 's more that if someone 's faces matches the criminal database , the security will be alerted . 
  if i 'm wrong i 'd happily agree with you ( i 'm not german , so i very well might not know what they 're talking about ) , but it does n't appear random citizens are going into any sort of archive through this . 
  to me , what 's being described sounds little more like another stage in airport security . 
  they already screen your bag for explosives and weapons - now they just scan your face to check that you are n't a criminal . 
  you should n't need to demonize me to prove i 'm wrong ... 
  if you 're a criminal i think it very well aught to be the government 's business . 
  i do n't want ( nor do i think the minister wants ) random citizens to just be cataloged in a database , but even then , that 's all public . 
  it 's as much the police could get out of you from a normal sting operation , but waaaay more efficient . 
  privacy is an issue to me when you 're in the private sphere . 
  but monitoring people 's faces in a public place ? 
  i do n't get the fear . 
  that sounds like a bad idea to me . 
  i think that 'd favor team sports far too much , and it 'd make the sports that almost always have other big cups outside the olympics the dominant events . 
  if i want to see world class swimming or gymnastics on television , i pretty much want to tune in for the olympics . 
  whereas football , baseball and basketball are all mainstays already . 
  depending on who you ask that number could be from 5-3 \u0ca0 \u2323 \u0ca0, 
  if you live in an airport and all political dissidents are automatically terrorists maybe ... 
  what 's this got to do with drugs ? 
  typically that only extends to the point where the therapist thinks the patient could commit a crime or do self harm in some way . 
  basically , a doctor is expected to alert the authorities and break confidentiality when they suspect that 'd be the best method to reduce harm to the patient and bystanders . 
  edit : words are hard . 
  i 'm probably on the wrong side of popular thought on this one , but i do n't really have a problem with this . 
  it 's looking at people 's faces in public . 
  i would n't get mad at policemen or security officers doing the same thing going through an airport security system . 
  to my understanding , a computer is just more efficient , and if anything , less invasive . 
  we 're not talking about reading people 's private correspondences or something . 
  i do n't see how this is an infringement on privacy ... 
  [ `` we burnt the forest down '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16zx9ztxes0 ), 
  i got ta agree . 
  with the cases of migrants coming in and going into crime , you ca n't really expect the host country to do much to provide a safety net or artificially expand the job market for them . 
  that 's just straight up giving money to foreigners at an alarming rate because you fear they 'll do worse . 
  that 's called extortion , not crime fighting . 
  beautiful ... 
  nothing beats mountains and forests . 
   nobel, 
  you 're joking right ? 
  it seems every other day some right winger is talking about how europe is going to shit and needs to get its act together . 
  edit : do n't know why i 'm getting downvotes . 
  i assume you all know of/remember the_donald vs sweden . 
  you know how much those people like to make europe out into the muslim punching bag . 
  not quite true . 
  rape , murder + manslaughter , robbery and aggravated assault all fit into the definition that 's used to form that statistic . 
  those kinds of ideologues seem to have a magical way of making all the evidence you throw at them fly through one ear and out the other . 
  i suppose they should ban them , and i agree . 
  but i 'm not french , and apparently france works differently . 
  is n't that because of the religious subtext though ? 
  there 's no religious message behind a man wearing a burkini , but there is for women . 
  it 's about forbidding the religious symbol i thought , not to force women to undress or something . 
  if you 'd actually read the emails , and then saw the spin wikileaks and the right did to make them sound criminal , you 'd understand . 
  yes . 
  i do n't think i need to list them ... 
  meanwhile wikileaks is actively interfering in the us elections ... 
  i imagine a vast majority of people reacting , myself included , have no idea how the french legal system will actually react . 
  just look at how upset people were with the proposal of the italian law on vegan parenting . 
  this would n't affect them . 
  ( not the guy you responded to ) you would feel different if you were a bank teller or any kind of public official . 
  really anyone who has a need to worry about an attack against you . 
  in the us we made anti-masking laws to combat the kkk . 
  i imagine the same laws should apply to people wearing burqas as well ( whether or not they 're enforced is another matter ) . 
  and religion is n't an excuse to do anything that would be otherwise unacceptable . 
  i think you 're thinking of a very different kind of drone ... 
  yeah . 
  well , it was n't long ago people hated merkel for [ entirely different reasons ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/16/angela-merkel-comforts-teenage-palestinian-asylum-seeker-germany ), 
  that hurts .
