  you wan na call me a dolt for pointing out how horrible a statement trump makes is . 
  why not try quadrillions . 
  with all the made-in-china recording devices hanging on the wall every , let 's say , couple of hundred meters , the us public would hardly have any money left to afford food . 
  is this a joke ? 
  damn , and i thought democrats were condescending . 
  * i * did n't equate them . 
  have you even been to a trump rally ? 
  tell me how i 'm wrong . 
  `` guarantees the ethnic integrity of all it 's nation states '' so we have to stop people of certain ethnicities from entering . 
  to maintain ` integrity ' . 
  right ? 
  edit : curse you auto cucumber, 
  before we go further , are you an american ? 
  do you understand how vast the us-mexican border is ? 
   secondly , cameras , increased amount of border patrol , and other such precautions would no doubt play an effective role in spotting any such attempts as well as preventing them . 
  you 've just inflated the cost of the wall from billions - to trillions . 
  the wall programs already in effect have done nothing , for the same reasons i mentioned before . 
  this is n't some tight little strip of land with floods of terrorists coming over that you can just fence up . 
  it is the tenth longest border in the world . 
  there is no simple solution to just stopping illegal immigrants from entering the country . 
  well , that 's the crux of it is n't it ? 
  the bremainers cared about the likely financial fallout . 
  while the brexiteers just want migrants to stop flooding the country . 
  seems like the only lesson here is that the eu needs tighter borders and a unified border control and coast guard . 
   that 's pessimism talking . 
  with potent enough approach to dealing with the issue , the amount of illegals will gradually decrease , just a matter of time . 
  so you 're saying , if we build a big enough wall , it 's bound to work eventually ? 
  you understand how long this border is right ? 
  and that is goes through mostly desert ? 
  if someone * really * wants to cross illegally , they can tunnel , or just drive for a while and blow a whole through the thing . 
   by `` from '' do you mean that most are n't ethnic mexicans , or that most are n't coming through the mexican border ? 
  yes . 
  they 're usually south americans who overstay on visas . 
  nah , they 're busy with our election . 
  people love the meta, 
  he literally starts the comment with `` when mexico sends its people '' . 
  except most illegals do n't even come from mexico . 
  and that the only effect this wall would have is increase the market for long ladders . 
  i watched a special once on people going to check on ` the fence ' in parts of texas . 
  literally a fifteen minute walk away from the city and that shit is riddled with holes . 
  you dropped something \u3064 \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 \u3064 / s, 
  do n't you think there 's a difference from saying `` i 'm sorry , our country has been dealing with too many migrants already , you are n't allowed in ... '' and `` oh , you 're brown . 
  step out of line . '', 
  by forcing people - solely on the basis of ethnicity , to be disbarred from entering your country ? 
  wow , you really do n't understand what 's going on . 
  mexicans are getting mad at trump for calling them rapists and criminals . 
  they 're getting mad because he wants to waste billions of taxpayer money on a wall/shrine to his ego that will do * nothing * to stop illegal immigration - and then having the gall to say that he can force another country to pay for it . 
  if the rest of the eu decided they were going to build a wall to separate greece from them to deal with the massive amounts of illegal migrants , and hand waved it with how greeks were poor anyway ... would you `` have a hissy fit '' ? 
  you just got ta throw it really hard . 
  i did go to dublin actually . 
  had a great time . 
  dublin airport was just the most prominent example in my mind . 
  disbelief a bit suspended for the first one . 
  doubt there 's many resources to go directly from mandarin to gaeilge . 
  edit : also , if i remember , they did have irish tours available on buses when i went through dublin . 
  that documentary is old . 
  maybe some progress has been made . 
  well , it is plastered all over your airport signage sooo ... 
  i think the government just leads to do more to encourage it more . 
  do n't let the language die !, 
  tried learning a little irish . 
  all the irishmen i talked to did n't know it ... 
  oh ... great ... 
  sounds like the dunning kruger effect . 
  he probably assumed his spanish was better than her french . 
  ha , all the italians are like `` i liked it '' . 
  i could see a big push for an eu border patrol or coast guard . 
  but there does n't seem to be enough pressure to need a combined military . 
  it 's not like there are n't already preexisting military alliances anyway . 
  i 'm not that cynical . 
  i just think they 're wrong about the supposed problem . 
  yeah . 
  it 's exactly why movements like occupy wall street failed too . 
  the younger generation is too eager to cause political change using just social media . 
  need to learn and get organized . 
  the system does n't give you rights . 
  it recognizes the rights you already have . 
  they 're idiotic protests and they should not be allowed to interrupt public or private infrastructure . 
  but no , they are n't destroying this world , do n't be so melodramatic . 
  they 're protesting a perceived injustice . 
  nope . 
  at least it is n't violent in the uk . 
  some blm people have pretty reasonable agendas , and want to take this as an opportunity to fix the issues with police brutality ( end the war on drugs , decrease police militarization ) . 
  others just hate cops . 
  seriously . 
  that 's the thing , this is not the naacp . 
  they are not an organized advocacy group . 
  they are a twitter hashtag . 
  that 's how this started . 
  that 's a bit of whataboutery there , but you are right . 
  the problems with police brutality are real though they are consistently inflated by groups like blm . 
  just look at the milwaukee riots . 
  a wanted man with a stolen gun ran from officers and was shot by a black officer when he pointed his gun at him . 
  and he became a martyr . 
  somehow . 
  i would like to emphasize that this is a very mixed bag of a `` movement '' . 
  there 's been very little real leadership from anyone in blm , and most of these riots and protests come from really crime ridden , poverty stricken ghettos . 
  not places any outsider would want to go into regardless of the social climate . 
  what gets me is that they decided to do this to make themselves feel powerful and like they 're changing the world . 
  rather than volunteer for any * real * charity .
