  you could lie and say a much larger percentage of the state went to someone , or lie and say more people voted than actually did . 
  well , i do n't think they deserve all the blame for the electoral college . 
  popular vote straight up was n't feasible back then - when `` high speed '' communication was sending a dude with a letter and praying he did n't die or disease or highwayman on the way . 
  now though ? 
  no excuse . 
  ... they were getting unemployment benefits before ... ? 
  damn , i 'm honestly surprised you guys would joke about that . 
  you guys remember good old g. w. bush ? 
  dude who got so pissed with france for not `` following his lead '' in iraq , he started to call fries `` freedom fries '' instead of `` french fries '' ? 
  well , get ready for that cranked to 11 , on cocaine , with smaller hands and a shittier haircut . 
   resign haha , yeah that 's not happening . 
  if he does something stupid enough then his own cabinet can vote him incapable . 
  but since they 're also ` his ' people , he 'd have to make a really stupid decision . 
  and then we 'd just get mike `` i wanted federally funded gay conversion therapy '' pence , instead . 
  not exactly a step up . 
   he manages to spin everything to his advantage . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  this is a failure on behalf of america 's political system . 
  news media treated him like a celebrity , not a candidate - throughout almost the entire election cycle , while hillary was barraged the entire time from all the rightwing candidates . 
  he was given free advertising . 
  a lot . 
  by the media , who once again , treated him as a celebrity and talking about what ridiculous things trump said ( without actually `` being so partisan '' as to point out the faults in logic ) . 
  most americans were frustrated with washington . 
  rather than project that frustration onto the republicans who controlled congress ( and you know , would be responsible for all the anger and lack of progress ) , they got mad at `` insiders '' . 
  so anyone who talks like they know what they 're doing and not like they want to massage the voters egos was met with hatred . 
  and hillary clinton , despite her own opinions to the contrary , is a poster child for an `` insider '' . 
  comey managed to draw the attention utterly away from trump and back to hillary right when most media outlets realized their mistake . 
  so it was back to pointless email coverage . 
  a shit ton of democrats just assumed hillary would win , and did n't vote . 
  the electoral college is bullshit , and we get the candidate who lost by 2 million votes because `` states matter '' . 
  number five is the biggest reason really . 
  if you look at turnout compared to 2012 , you 'll see trump did n't really gather a substantial number of votes more than romney - but hillary utterly failed to capture the same enthusiasm obama had . 
  one thing i found striking throughout this whole thing , was how many women in america thought that the presidency was a `` man 's job '' . 
  could you imagine a black person in 2012 saying the presidency is a `` white person 's job '' ? 
  if you ever wanted to know if america was more sexist , or racist , you 've got your answer there i suppose . 
  anyway , this is way more rambly than i intended ... 
  i got ta sleep soon ... 
  i 'm crossing my fingers and hoping the democrats can take over the house and senate in the midterms . 
  i can assure you he wo n't last 8 years like he keeps saying . 
  he 's the most unpopular presidential candidate in modern history ( basically since we 've been able to gauge this with accuracy ) and no sitting president has ever grown in popularity after inauguration . 
  all his supporters will see him breaking promises - which he 's already started to do . 
  all everyone on the middle will see this bullshit and how he 's basically attacking the press because he seems to think you should n't get criticized as a politician - and then there 's the private interest stuff ... 
  he 's set himself up to be the most hated man ever to take office as president , and he has n't even sat down yet . 
  i just hope we can remove all of his supporters in congress that will give him something to do . 
  ... and somebody gave me shit a week ago when i told them i voted with the majority against these buffoons . 
  we do n't think about this at all really . 
  edit : okay , most of us do n't . 
  no thanks , 123rf ... 
  reversed to a co-principality after he tried to claim it ? 
  that 's bizarre . 
  you 'd think they 'd revoke the prince-hood after that . 
  hmm ... you 'd think napoleon or one of his successors would 've have just claimed it for their own ... 
  what a dumb thing to say when he literally corrected your english in another post ... 
   the yanks did help , a little . 
  [ the british received the most money cumulatively from american aid post ww2 ( $ 3.29 billion ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#expenditures ), 
  i thought the favorite british past time was running into tunnels to hide from nazi bombings not making asinine remarks mocking a country 's blood soaked past . 
  you got me sold . 
  if the church bells do n't signal a mass i do n't really see a problem with it in terms of secularism . 
  what 's the real purpose behind giving the town the ability to vote on someone 's citizenship ? 
  and are people required to vote ? 
  could i apply for citizenship and be constantly rejected in a 0-3 vote because i accidentally pissed off a neighbor ? 
  do i get to give a speech or something to try and sway the voters before hand ... 
  this system seems so strange to me even without the vegan fanaticism thrown into the mix ... 
  i do n't know , this story would be much easier to comment on if we lived in the area and knew the situation better - but honestly , i do n't know why she would n't just devote her time more carefully to campaigning for vegetarianism . 
  instead she seems to be targeting cultural activities - in a way that will obviously antagonize her neighbors - that do n't hurt the animals in an easily recognizable way . 
  clear requirements does n't make things a right . 
  at best that 'd make them privileges ... 
  ... how could a cowbell hurt the cow ? 
  and having the government tell people how to pray will help integrate them ? 
  `` and that 's why we have a * no hungarians allowed * policy at the museum '', 
  the whole point is to keep the state and the church separate ... 
  emphasis on * past * the 100 % . 
  taxing people over 100 % would just hurt the employee ... 
  i 'm saying there 's no point in going * over * 100 % . 
   all talent of society earns significantly less . 
  corbyn 's example was football players . 
   acrued wealth by family association . 
  well , then it has nothing to do with income and all to do with property taxes and inheritance taxes . 
  income tax hikes miss the issue most of the time though . 
  most billionaires are n't making their money through an actual salary - it 's all capital gains . 
  it 's all well and good to say as a ceo you ca n't make more than x amount , but that wo n't stop them from accruing wealth via their property stakes anyway . 
  and that may not cause brain drain - but it would cause talent drain . 
  imagine if all your football players left a country to go play in another where they can earn more than five times as much ? 
  or if all the actors left ? 
  most governments profusely debate the placement of the brackets as is . 
  now you want to change it to a single line with ambiguous curvature that would change revenue by billions ? 
  from a political standpoint - it 'd be much harder for a socialist to argue for an increased factor in the line 's curvature than simply moving up/creating more brackets - and i do n't understand why you think moving away from brackets would even be helpful . 
   adding that the salaries some footballers receive were `` simply ridiculous '' sounds like you should take that up with the fans and the employers . 
  if you 're gon na pick on a group for being paid to much , you 'd be better off targeting dudes in suits who work at desks all day btw . 
  not beloved athletes of an international past-time . 
  it 's like saying maybe this actor should n't be rich , because you know what fuck film-making . 
  we can create complex algorithms , but that ability is relatively new , not every country has a tax collection agency with the capability to use that kind of computing power effectively without evasion . 
  and it 's not like tax brackets are intrinsically bad , and we should consult a graph every time we try and submit our taxes ... 
  but you 're not making more money at that point . 
  you 're saying that - if my employer gave me a raise * past the 100 % point * , he 'd effectively be cutting my salary and just paying the government instead . 
  [ my thin air seems a bit thick today ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/magazine/the-agency.html?_r=0 ), 
  i do n't know since when hacking people 's private emails and revealing them when they had nothing interesting contained within was decided to be `` exposing facts '' - but that 's not what i 'm talking about when i talk about russian intervention . 
  there were literal offices in russia - devoted to spreading false narratives relating to the us election . 
  correct the record , and that 's nothing on the scale of the literal offices in russia devoted to spreading misinformation about clinton . 
  wikileaks never really hit anything of substance with their `` facts '' yet they continuously released private emails of staffers - working them up to be more than they were , to the point where you have huge swathes of trump supporters literally thinking that there was a secret pedophilia ring being held out of a pizzeria .
