  i do n't ... 
  tell that to people who fly to frankfurt ( hahn ) , 
  oh , same here . 
  had another post in / r/germany today from a guy whose parents do n't want him to come study here because of terrorism . 
  most germans will feel a strong , but bittersweet connection to the 20th century , but not much before that . 
  being cheap is the stereotype about my home region , swabia . 
  we 're not cheap , we just like saving time and effort and money and place and ... well . 
  thanks for the d\u00f6ner kebap inspiration !, 
  they 're some sort of big ravioli made in swabia , eaten in broth with sauteed onions - or whatever way you chose : i made maultaschen burgers , pizza , tacos , thanksgiving dinner ( turkey shaped maultaschen ) etc. , they 're quite diverse . 
  real kartoffelsalat ( potato salad ) goes more or less like this : boil potatoes . 
  mix vinegar and oil ( and maybe spices ) , add the boiled potatoes , set for a couple of hours . 
  then add rest of ingredients ( onions , ... ) to your liking / depending family recipe . 
  letting the vinegar seep into the potatoes for a while makes them mushy and the way they are in the picture . 
  which have you visited ? 
  i can only speak for dachau here in germany , which was n't a death camp , but a labor camp . 
  it is done amazingly well . 
  they rebuilt parts , so it 's a walk-through museum , but the whole place has an incredibly eerie aura , so the vast majority of tourists behave very well . 
  when our history class visited we got to meet a survivor and ask questions ( i believe he has died two years ago , though ) . 
  i do n't know about the ones in poland , but the kz dachau is definitely worth a visit , if you ask me . 
  croatia or lloret del mar ( spain ) were the two go-to school graduation trip destinations at my school . 
  i was thinking about camping there and do the hiking trips from there ( no car , are busses feasable ? ) . 
  is that okay ? 
  there are loads of just as pretty castles all over that area , as well as all over germany . 
  if you 're over here again , check out burg hohenzollern in southwest germany , it 's amazing . 
  my family switched between opa/oma and opi/omi for the mother 's respective father 's parents . 
  hannover , i think . 
  so my birthtown was first mentioned around 1120 . 
  the city i studied in was found as a horse farm around 930 , but the region has at least been settled by the romans so they could fight the barbarians in the hills to the east . 
  the city i currently live in now is officially first named in 1148 , however it probably had a different name before that . 
  still nothing for me , but good for you , 
  and now it 's becoming simpler again !, 
  hunting and fishing requires licenses that are too hard to acquire to make up for the `` fun '' ( i would n't enjoy either anyway ) . 
  i also do n't even no where the average herr m\u00fcller could go fishing here in germany . 
  we get this question * all * the time . 
  are you ok ? 
  but what about the weekly posts in / r/germany about how to date german women ? 
  they must be different somehow !!, 
  / r/germany is our tourist trap . 
  english-speakers ask wether oktoberfest is authentic german and why there are no `` free '' english-taught bachelor 's courses and so on and on . 
  good stuff is in german-language-only / r/de, 
  i do n't know wether there 's milky way `` midnight '' in the uk . 
  i love those . 
  we have normal milky ways , just not that edition . 
  we learnt british in the earlier grades . 
  in the later years the teachers said `` i do n't care which you speak , just stick to one in writing '' , so mixing `` s '' and `` z '' / `` ou '' and `` o '' spellings in exams was penalized . 
  we just want to help . 
  martin schulz , better known from his eu work is going into national german politics . 
  he has been selected as the chancellor candidate for the social democrats in germany and since then the spd has been skyrocketing in the polls - even challenging the so far undefeatable cdu ( christian democrats , merkel 's party ) and catching a few afd votes . 
  so far there 's not a real programme , so it 's basically just a `` thank god it 's not sigmar gabriel '' . 
  i 'm looking forward to our parliamentary elections in september ( which will result in a new government ) . 
  it 's just super uncommon . 
  i am not a huge fan of seafood because i never developed a taste for it . 
  i live pretty far from any sea coast ( 800km to north sea , 800 km to the mediterranean ... ), 
  `` weekly '' newspapers ignore them since they 're not ads per se . 
  just ... tits and ad filled garbage . 
  we have the stickers as well , but there are `` weekly newspapers '' that are free and basically an ad catalogue . 
  but since they call themselves newspapers , they think they can ignore the stickers . 
  towns , yeah - but stuttgart for example is quite bad for bicycling with all the mountains and randomly vanishing , side-switching bicycle lanes . 
  i shudder at the thought since i saw currywurst flavored pizza burgers in the stores . 
  pea stews always look like a hospital case diarrhea . 
  there 's plenty of good looking food here , this post is especially for stuff that does n't look appealing . 
  yeah , we do n't have lots ( any ? ), 
  of black food . 
  pumpernickel ( `` schwarzbrot '' ; `` black bread '' ) comes to mind , but even that is just dark brown . 
  it looks disgusting to me , but i 'd love to try it . 
  squid just is n't on the `` german '' list of ingredients . 
  i like jimmy carr a lot . 
  big fat quiz of the year is great with him , imo . 
  and in the end , there 's still his laugh . 
  but it * is * quite tasty . 
  same thing in / r/germany , we got a couple of those after the election results came out , one yesterday . 
  well , since alsace ^ ^ ^ ^ is was ours ... , 
  and they are not the fatty , sometimes caramelized mess you get in the us . 
  not all of it is shit . 
  lots of people are n't . 
  their countryside is n't . 
  but a lot of it ... reminds me of second world countries . 
  reminds me of a mate that got placed in alaska for his us year abroad . 
  like ... some go to florida , some to california ... have fun in alaska !, 
  he did have a blast , skiing to school and all that . 
  care to explain why you think so ? 
  it is the most german word there is , if you ask me . 
  if you can live with extremely paranoid landlords . 
  they basically want your virgin blood nowadays as security . 
  yeah . 
  it was on tv around christmas , my parents said it was good , though quite different from the older ones . 
  well , the `` nacionalni park plitvi\u010dka jezera '' in croatia comes to mind ( as a german ) , because the old winnetou movies were shot there . 
  but i 'm not at all sure other nationalities than germans care . 
  hey , let us have some superiority . 
  we are only punctual compared to most other folks . 
  and of course , people love generalizing . 
  i am quite punctual , with the exceptions : party that 's supposed to start at 7:30 pm - i 'll be there 8-8 :30 , no one expects people to be on time for that , and of course if i have transport trouble . 
  they are the main partner of this year 's cmt here - biggest tourism fair / convention . 
  so things are definitely going to change towards a tourist hotspot . 
  that 's - sadly - probably the reason . 
  bouncers need to judge wether it 's likely you will be making trouble by a glance . 
  arabs are , statistically , more likely to make trouble . 
  sorry this happened to you . 
  mountains / cold / no lights on the bike and i have to leave very early . 
  to be fair , the last bit is the weakest argument , i just have to get my ass up to get bike lights .
