  ^ ^ ^ yet, 
  yeah . 
  basic communication would simplify the whole series . 
  i always understood `` nebelreich '' or ... `` n\u00e4hblreisch '', 
  in germany , most people are n't patriotic , but that does n't mean we do n't like our country . 
  i feel incredibly lucky to live here , since being born in a place is n't an achievement , but a privilege . 
  and you ca n't be proud of something you did n't do anything for , in my opinion . 
  i can be proud of my education and job , but not about pure luck . 
  so yeah , i love the things around me , the landscape , the german traits ( punctuality and efficiency , which you only notice after traveling around a bit ) , and so on . 
  but i do n't feel the need to proclaim it all the time . 
  so you get drunk and plunder ? 
  what the others said + we have a subreddit : / r/germany, 
  thank you very much for the tip . 
  darn foreigners stealing our jobs . 
  grass is always greener on the other side !, 
  i promise to take a shower next time . 
  how could i forget the awesome old thief games . 
  another favorite . 
  `` old school '' rpgs might make a comeback someday , but for now : the way people approach gaming has changed . 
  example : i enjoy games without quest markers . 
  this can only work in small , limited worlds with few , but very characteristic places . 
  however , the elder scrolls games , gothic 3 and more have pushed for bigger worlds . 
  while the cities of let 's say skyrim are characteristic , i have no idea what the hell their taverns or rulers are called . 
  and i hate running around a nicely designed , but empty countryside just to get to the bloody large blinking arrow in front of me . 
  but that 's just how rpgs have developed , since bigger = better so far . 
  small worlds offer density and density makes games feel alive . 
  the new deus ex did a good example i think , though i have n't played it . 
  but all the atmospheric rpgs ( gothic 1 +2 , vampire : masqueradebloodlines , ... ) offer * small * worlds that are packed with hours of story and more hours of discovery and sidequests , which makes them so amazing to me . 
  and i feel many core-gamers , which are targetted more and more ( see dark souls ) , feel the same way , so we might get to go back to those days . 
  i certainly hope so . 
  and since i 'm an almost graduated game designer , i hope to be part of these games ' making . 
  witcher picked up the mantle . 
  i am not a huge fan because of some design choices ( i hate quest markers and handholding ) , but the witcher series is damn fine overall from what i 've seen . 
  they never say it . 
  which is pretty amazing , storytelling-wise . 
  they never tell you the name , where he comes from and why he got thrown into the colony . 
  still awesome dude . 
  hey op , germany-related questions should better go to the dedicated subreddit , / r/germany !, 
  we did n't have a minimum temperature , because fresh air is good for us . 
  meanwhile : teachers in blankets holding coffee cups `` guarding '' the doors . 
  i know how refugees feel / s, 
  south germany : we never had snow days . 
  probably because we are used to snow . 
  however , it was a valid excuse to show up later because your bus service broke down . 
  my town was alright , bus showed up 98 % of times , but there were a few villages farther out that rarely arrived at school on snowy days . 
  furthermore , hitler 's way of speaking was pretty much the only way to be understood over the radio at that time . 
  technology was n't good , audio quality was terrible , so being very precise and loud was important . 
  most world leaders spoke like that publicly . 
  there are very few examples of hitler speaking privately , and he had a very nice , soft voice . 
  france : there 's a river between most of us . 
  gothic 2 : night of the raven , unsurpassed single-player rpg , imo . 
  now i know why we were at war throughout history . 
  oh boy , i need that link so next time a trumpet tells me my country does n't have free speech and we 're all cucks i can say `` not just us ! '', 
  i did n't make the rules . 
  but i 'm gon na change it to `` melt '' . 
  fire burns paper , fire ~ ~ burns ~ ~ melts scissors . 
  fire gets beaten by well ( water ) and stone for some reason . 
  yeah , they 're very similar . 
  as in do n't accept germany 's laws and so on . 
  they call themselves citizens of the reich ( `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' ) , as of course the current state `` does n't exist '' . 
  recently they 've become a bigger problem with an attack on our police forces . 
  in germany we carry a `` personalausweis '' ( id ) , but we can also identify ourselves with a driver 's license or a passport . 
  you get the personalausweis at sixteen years of age and it expires regularly . 
  looks like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_identity_card ) . 
  `` fun '' fact : conspiracy nutjobs believe germany is n't a state , but a company due to some bad wording in our law . 
  `` personal '' is a word for employees in germany , so personalausweis could also mean `` employee id '' , which the nutjobs take as further proof for their theories . 
  i think it 's great that you care about your veterans a lot . 
  it gets weird at some point ( flags with pictures and names along the streets ) , but caring for those risking their lives is right . 
  it would be better of course not to have such vast numbers of soldiers out there , imo . 
  about 90 % of movies here are us movies , so that 's kind of hard to choose and will probably have the same results as asking `` what 's your favorite movie '' in askreddit . 
  and we got to czechia !, 
  the 1848 revolution , which set the foundation for a german state , i 'd say . 
  no , not at all . 
  far-leftists are even known to treat them quite badly for their choice , which is ridiculous . 
  i am not a fan , but it 's their decision , and it 's not like the country does n't need some sort of army . 
  so most people do n't care much . 
  we also do n't have veteran worshipping because ... you know ... the thing . 
  i knew the ostfront was n't well defended . 
  awwww ... thanks !, 
  wanted to update the german michel , but this is perfect so i guess ... * mist *, 
  i worked in the `` buddy '' program for two semesters , which pairs a local student with one or two internationals to show them around , pick them up from the airport and answer any questions so they do n't run to the international office all the time . 
  a finnish girl , a danish girl and a scottish girl were my partners and they were pretty great . 
  just make sure you learn the local language as best as you can in the short time and make an effort to join up with non-internationals - or at least not your countrymen . 
  nah , my parents bought the property and built the house when i was born , so it 's 22 years old now . 
  but the church in our village was first mentioned in the 1200 's i think . 
  sadly , this very much depends on what he looks like . 
  hitchhikers barely exist in germany anymore and are less and less taken along because of fear of robbery . 
  i 'll take a good and long look at any hitchhiker before letting them in my car . 
  if op looks like a standard trustworthy person , that 's fine , but sadly , prejudice wins . 
  also direct democracy is nigh impossible , especially nowadays , when false information and lies are so easy to spread around online . 
  you need someone who is educated in a field and surrounded by advisors to make the decisions you can not make because you do n't have time to educate yourself on water quality norms besides working a job and having a family or hobbies ( or both ! ), 
  in my opinion a free world should n't have a leader . 
  but she definitely belongs to the most influential persons in the world and trump 's victory or rather obama stepping down will make her stronger in that regard . 
  i just wish there were more similarily influential leaders from other european countries . 
  germany is often critizised by us americans to have no real free speech . 
  basically you can say everything except : - deny holocaust - call for assault or attacks on groups of people ( hate speech ) example : people on facebook making '' '' '' '' `` jokes '' '' '' '' '' about gassing refugees were persecuted . 
  if you say heil hitler and do the salute anywhere public ( especially at historically relevant sights ) you will get a harsh talking to by the police . 
  if they see you do it repeatedly , they will persecute you . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  that 's more hating about girls having the same bullshit in every profile : `` i 'm crazy and not like the other girls , haha !,
