  most germans refuse to go to turkey now as well i think , and izmir was one of the top family vacation spots . 
  i know . 
  this is why i hope everyone will get their asses of their chairs and do something that will reduce the load you have to take in . 
  it 's not your countries fault to have a sea border . 
  we need to work together . 
  yeah , rapists are sick people from begin with . 
  however , unemployment quickly leads to low level crimes like stealing and drug dealing . 
  and that 's definitely a problem . 
  so whether you like refugees or not , it 's really important to supply jobs for the ones that will stay here for the next years . 
  i just hope we do n't repeat the circle of ignoring the problem until it 's really bad again . 
  i wonder why it starts in winter , has something major happened in the last weeks or have the trafickers just adjusted ? 
  cool , the same comment i can downvote twice !, 
  i love how there was time for that * before * god was able to kill him . 
  as if he needed a couple of minutes to do that . 
  well , you can charge admission - i mean venice and many other tourist locations do it . 
  in germany it 's often called `` kurtaxe '' , couple of $ you pay when you stay at a hotel in the region . 
  they also do n't take them back because - in trump 's words , as much as it hurts - `` they 're not sending their best '', 
  hm let 's see ... nah , not many . 
  maria von linden ( my school 's name ) . 
  anne frank . 
  marie curie ... but that 's about it , from what i have seen . 
  it 's mostly male politicians , engineers , poets here . 
  and historically seen that 's not unusual . 
  i mean , i commend them for their creativity , i really do . 
  but ... that 's really not far thought out . 
  because they might have shaped global politics for the next years , and not for the better . 
  i really hope that soon things will pick up for you . 
  congrats to you guys !, 
  i am always happy to hear such great news from other countries . 
  everyone i 've seen using the term `` leader of the free world '' was a us american . 
  so they voted i guess ? 
  oh , i wish they would do that here . 
  we need a sarcasm font . 
  oh boy , you better edit that comment , or some people will be pissed ( understandably ) . 
  it 's german death camps in poland . 
  while not everything is amazeballs over here , why not try to work in germany ? 
  we like you guys , and you can visit home easily . 
  not gon na lie though , getting work here in germany can be quite tricky depending on the field . 
  but anyway good luck , let 's just hope everything will work out fine . 
  she 's not our president , she 's the chancellor . 
  `` appreciate '' ... well no . 
  but he is a very important figure in our history . 
  not opinions , an incitation for violence , which is explicitely exempt from free speech , because going around saying `` kill all jews / muslims / germans / ... '' in a public domain should n't be allowed . 
  product of our time - a result of mobile `` i wan na know now '' moments . 
  i do n't mind being connected to vast amounts of knowledge , but the requirement of immediacy , or even the entitlement to immediacy some people seem to think they have , is hurting us bad . 
  well , they do n't believe muslims are innocent , which is their justifications . 
  perhaps she knew her party 's standing would suffer greatly under brexit , so she hoped for labour to take the blame after they won this election ? 
  long shot though ... 
  `` erst mal '' / `` erstmal '' means `` first of all '' . 
  it 's a meme . 
  the german equivalent of yahoo answers or something had a teenage boy 's question which started like that : `` heil erstmal xd '' , which was ... well ... taken over by us meme-loving germans . 
  downvote that , upvote this in order to form what you see . 
  yeah , and rents in cities are skyrocketing because it 's hard to get jobs in the countryside , so people move to the city ... and then more companies move to the cities again . 
  blonde/red hair perhaps ? 
  i 've seen the machines around university housing . 
  another thing about germany - a very popular drink here is `` spezi '' : we mix coca cola with fanta . 
  if you have the chance , get either mezzomix , or the much superior paulaner spezi ( glass bottles ) . 
  i ca n't align myself with left and right because it 's just a black to white scheme . 
  people are liberal , conservative , progressive at the same time , just in different topics . 
  a 2d scale is just labels . 
  democracy requires political understanding . 
  basic stuff like how the government works and why . 
  a lot of people just do n't get basic processes ( government is slow , but for a reason ) . 
  better political education results in a better democracy . 
  i 've been there , it 's pretty !, 
  i 've seen maultaschen pizza . 
  good stuff . 
  yeah , but they 're forbidden . 
  since they 're illegal , ya know ? 
  i am impressed with your r knowledge . 
  german must be even worse to learn in that case . 
  i mean , i commend him for taking on the catholic church . 
  but he was n't a saint ( far from it ) . 
  history just is n't black and white . 
  he got killed twice , so another rip to / u/rannasha f, 
  funnily enough , this would now be deemed cultural appropriation by some extremists in the us . 
  as far as i know 24 are guaranteed , two per month . 
  you are now a mod of / r/latestagecapitalism . 
  extremely uncommon . 
  have never met anyone apart from my family carrying the name . 
  during daytime you wo n't see that many adults in coffee shops , because you know ... w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk . 
  you do see many people meeting up after five though . 
  socializing is mostly done in parks and pubs ( and for lousy teenagers under a bridge or the bloody parking lot ) . 
  ackchually !, 
  austria has a lot of flat area , only part of the country is mountainous . 
  from some people 's views it 's not sweet enough . 
  the christian youth in my area did amazing summer camps . 
  great games , great community , just one or two hours of bible-related stuff each day . 
  trips to the movies , a camel farm , pools , etc. 
  seriously good times . 
  there was another verein that did ski camps , but i did n't like the people as much . 
  apartment in a five-apartment house in the outskirts of munich . 
  small garden , cellar . 
  also , with most people being at work until 5pm , driving home , etc. , dinner is rarely at 6 . 
  in my case it was 7:30 -7:45 , so afterwards parents sat down for the tagesschau . 
  `` der lehrer liest die zeitung '' = `` teacher 's reading the newspaper '' . 
  one kid is the teacher , turning around . 
  while he 's turned around the other kids may move ( towards him ) . 
  he may turn around at any point , and any kid moving then is out of the game . 
  never heard in area west of stuttgart .
