  furthermore , he has `` duldung '' = allowed to stay , until the civil war in syria is over , no matter his asylum plea . 
  actually hitler was appointed in the first place , not elected . 
  but yeah , there are * a lot * of similarities . 
  human is smart , people are dumb . 
  power tools and a a lot of parts in cars . 
  why the fuck would there be a house on top of it . 
  `` oh look , a wooden horse with a house on top , wonder what 's in there . 
  oh well , who cares we should totes bring it in . '', 
  take a trip to the schwarzwald , it 's a nice mountainregion in the south-east ( swabia ) . 
  plenty of castles and nature , cute towns and so on . 
  just public transport gets difficult up there . 
  well , ants can be assholes but at least you know it and they 're not trying to distract you with human behavior or their good words !, 
  sign me up . 
  when i was there people had air conditioning on and public buildings were cooled down to 16-18 degrees . 
  i was miserable whenever i went inside anywhere . 
  oh man ... and i get angry when it snows in april . 
  may i ask how high above sea level you are ? 
  integrated well = whole parts of cities where they speak chinese most of the time ? 
  well , then arabs are indeed well integrated in germany . 
  they 're the guys who put little flyers on cars here , `` we buy your used car ! '', 
  well , fines for torrenting is n't something i 'd correlate with `` the dark ages '' of the internet . 
  torrenting movies and games is illegal . 
  the way the fines are gathered is just a really scummy and disgusting method . 
  well , i have to disagree on the everything . 
  no offense to any italians , but in most small towns , people pay less attention to how their house looks . 
  there 's often trash lying around or the occasional rusting car wreck next to a street . 
  the cities are absolutely beautiful and italians are wonderful laid back people , but when we were driving around small villages near ravenna , we saw a lot of the above , which i found sad . 
  you forgot the fact that he is using his personal , unsecure phone as the president of the united states as well as discusses top secret stuff at the table of his bloody winter getaway club , which he has been to three weekends in a row , costing hundreds of thousand dollars to the tax payers . 
  even hardcore republicans should be up in arms about this . 
  us full-time germans do n't know either . 
  but someone does and i guess `` good for them '' . 
  tremendous . 
  hey , that 's our stereotype !, 
  yes , but if you live in germany , you will pay ten times the amount for example britons do for mobile data . 
  exactly . 
  more people read her tweet than the answer . 
  or in other words : who controls the controllers ? 
  it 's funny actually , because this is an issue right - and leftwingers here are in support of . 
  because the left see the issue with false stories being published by breitbart and in facebook posts ( outright lies ) , while the afd tries to push their pinnochio/lying press ( l\u00fcgenpresse ) rethoric . 
  so everyone believes the media is telling lies and should be checked . 
  cologne nye was a clusterfuck ( heh , fuck ... no ) of overwhelmed cops and government agencies . 
  there was a lengthy german article explaining what went wrong , here are the short bits . 
  not enough police force . 
  instead , private security agencies were employed . 
  left hand of police did n't know what the right hand was doing . 
  police officers radioed for help , did n't get any . 
  mass confusion . 
  it took a couple of days to catch up on everything that has happened - and to realize the amount of harassment that happened that night . 
  it has to be a commitee of persons of different backgrounds , etc. 
  however , it 's complicated as someone has to pay for that effort and where does such money come from ? 
  the government , usually . 
  thus it 's not independent anymore and you ca n't be sure wether the `` fact-checked '' news can be government-critical . 
  i very much doubt they care about our consumer rights . 
  their own motor industry is strengthened by a less strong foreign company like vw . 
  ( not that i do n't think it 's good . 
  i just feel bad for the workers who did n't know shit about the whole ordeal and now have to suffer instead of most of the people who where in charge . 
  arresting an executive is good ) . 
  i call it schroedinger 's refugee . 
  does n't work and steals jobs at the same time . 
  yup . 
  however ( ! ), 
  that can only happen when the war is over . 
  i doubt that will happen soon / ever . 
  so while they 're staying here they need to integrate . 
  and , if / when they return they can take german/european culture and ideals with them , which is pretty great for us . 
  many years ? 
  the journey does n't take that long . 
  we do have trains , cars , and all that . 
  exactly . 
  learning a foreign language and foreign culture and ideals is good . 
  it might transfer to the eventual rebuilding efforts . 
  probably because the war wo n't be over in two months . 
  that region is a clusterfuck and where one war ends another group starts a new one . 
  i 'm not even saying they do n't want to return . 
  it 's just highly unlikely that their temporary stay because of the * war * will be ... long . 
  what ? 
  that happened last year , mate . 
  this year nothing extraordinary happened in cologne because of stricter policing . 
  what ??? 
  i wrote multiple times to help the economic refugees in their countries of origin !, 
  it 's called asylum . 
  ring a bell ? 
  do you want anti-government journalists and bloggers in china and russia , gays in saudi arabia , and so on to just be imprisoned , tortured or killed by their governments ? 
  no , i did n't . 
  but you said `` the people who you say deserve your help are the ones causing these issues . '', 
  so who do you want to protect ? 
  only the ones facing persecution ? 
  economic ? 
  i am all for the first , to some extent the latter two . 
  this is what i wrote in the beginning - help the latter where they are right now instead of letting them all come here . 
  but the people who face persecution must be able to start a new life here . 
  so people our politics put out of work and living ( farmers in africa ) and people fleeing from political oppression because they 're e.g. 
  gay should n't get our help ? 
  no one should get help ? 
  the leftists never wanted this . 
  do n't act like we did . 
  besides , these structures did n't appear in the last years , they 've been there for a while now . 
  more muslims makes it harder though , so we need to be careful and work on dispersing these kind of problems , while at the same time be fair to those people who deserve help ( political refugees here , economic / war refugees where they are ) . 
  another multi-colored christmas tree . 
  i thought we were the only ones .
