  we ca n't do that because of secularism . 
  but yes , there should absolutely be laws concerning the sponsorship of ( religious ) organizations from the outside . 
  such as that fucked up countries ca n't export their fuckedupness . 
  do n't worry , the average refugee reddit talks about will fuck you ( / s ), 
  ahh , the `` semmel '' / `` weckle '' border . 
  it depends on the region . 
  swabia calls them `` tafelweckle '' or `` tafelweck '' , with the * weck * part meaning bun / roll . 
  kaiserbr\u00f6tchen is the name in the north . 
  it was going to be the best wall . 
  ask my friends , i have many friends , * this * wall would be great . 
  it would stop anything , i tell you . 
  food is always difficult . 
  it 's much easier and less aggrevating to think in terms of ( my case ) `` german food '' and `` international german food '' . 
  the latter is schnitzel and stuff , authentic german food to me is maultaschen , gr\u00fcnkohl , sauerbraten , zwiebelrostbraten , klo\u00dfsuppe , etc. 
  so authentic italian food vs. spaghetti and pizza funghi . 
  but to be serious , germans work among the least , but also the hardest in europe . 
  because work time is for work and then we get to go home and have fun with friends and family . 
  not a benevolent dictator , but what about `` good '' colonies - or protectorates ? 
  teach the people in their homes , how it works . 
  then let them continue and if they prove to develop ease off the oversight a little . 
  learning psychology , just on a giant scale . 
  not all australian bugs !, 
  racist . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i would n't count them as germans , but foreigners , or just assholes . 
  so you only count germans as germans if they are german in 3 or four generations ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  to me , germans are who carries a german passport , speaks the language and follows the law and nobody cares about their grandparents . 
  wait , but i thought we were importing war and terrorism and bio-germans are dying out and we live in a caliphate ? 
  weird . 
  they 're denied asylum , but germany can not send them back because they come from unsafe countries , that 's simply the law . 
  not necessarily . 
  my parents did n't really care because i had two older brothers . 
  who knows ? 
  i know people who just upload the entire contents of their camera 's sd card , without deleting doubles or bad photos . 
  drunk people 's actions tend to not make sense . 
  just because you do n't do it , does n't mean it 's not unfair and blatantly ignorant of eastern european economics . 
  the weird thing about the yugoslav wars is ... we do n't really get it taught in school yet . 
  i know it was there and that it had something to do with nationalist movements and all the different cultures getting thrown together . 
  last week i read up on it and holy shit , that was just 20 years ago ... it 's so weird . 
  there 's so much to cover in history classes though , they usually stop at reunification 1989 / 1990 . 
  edit : do n't quite get why someone downvoted me , but oh , well . 
  stupid me for just telling my point of view as a 20-something german . 
  same for me in a turkish resort when i was 10 . 
  bartender gave me a kiss on the hair . 
  the very same company also say germans are n't ready for the job market . 
  of course refugees are usually worse , but these companies expect graduates to habe 2-3 years of experience , no life and love the company beyond all reason . 
  i very much doubt that will happen . 
  you underestimate the amount of people buying bmw / mercedes / vw because they always have . 
  and all of our manufacturers have electrical cars out or their production is in motion . 
  even though i agree asylum seekers ( that have a valid claim ) should n't get to choose their country of asylum , we as europe have to stand together to distribute them . 
  we ca n't leave it on the shoulders of malta , italy and spain because they 've been dealing with it for years and also their economy is far from stable . 
  stable and wealthier countries like germany , france and others have to take in a share of the refugees and help with the processing . 
  it 's easy for cdu to be so high up when there 's no one to replace her / anyone able has effectively been politically crippled or removed . 
  internets . 
  antifa has a lot of bad eggs in their ranks , but they have a purpose . 
  they * are * the german version of sovereign citizens ... believe germany is a company because the 2 +4 treaty never was abolished , so they 're technically citizens of the german reich in its 1937 borders and laws . 
  the nations yes , but not the mindset of the people . 
  at least it sounds badass !, 
  i think it used to be very bad , but got better when semi-rich hipsters moved over . 
  i think . 
  exactly . 
  friend of mine works at a gas station , so yeah , he 's employed , but that 's not what he wants to do . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  yes , we need highly skilled professionals , but we ca n't stick an intern with every foreign worker to translate for him , so ... yeah , language is important . 
  hey !, 
  pretty sure germans know their stuff about weimar and the rise of nationalsocialism . 
  you do realize how christianity was in the 1400eds ? 
  however with current technology and society their backwardness prove to be a huge problem . 
  fun fact : over at the german subreddit someone submitted a browser addon that adds `` the terrorist organisation isis has claimed responsibility . '', 
  to every news article . 
  it 's fun . 
  well , humans * are * pieces of shit . 
  preventing them from trying to come is nigh impossible . 
  take a look at the projected population in africa for the next years . 
  makes me sick considering how much the world is struggling already . 
  get a room you two !, 
  berliners . 
  frigging hipsters . 
  i am not saying we should lock them all up . 
  however people from countries with an unlikely asylum claim ( north african countries ) are prone to vanish from the camps after arriving , which leads to a lot of problems . 
  these people abuse our system . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  here 's what i think : 24-hour news coverage and websites that are dependent on clicks are shit . 
  because they need to be the first to report , they need to have the newest information and oftentimes it does n't get fact checked well . 
  then someone spreads that - at that time - faulty article , people read it , adjust their opinions . 
  however , there were some errors in the article , for example in the reported `` mass shooting '' in germany in the cinema . 
  it went through us news as that and that there were many dead , however , in the end only one guy died . 
  but no one cared , because they only read the first update , the rest is lost . 
  we do n't need live updates all the time . 
  yes , for very big things that happen in your vicinity ( of course things like bataclan should be reported live ) , but we need to be careful what information gets spread , as it is far too easy for `` bad '' information to stick around . 
  for something like this an article a day later `` suicide bomber in germany kills himself , injures 12 ( ? 
  ) , islamic background suspected '' would be more than enough . 
  my 50 cent . 
  edit : local newssites are different of course . 
  if another sub 's subscribers come here and do a lot of voting it can change a lot . 
  extreme subreddits like worldnews and trump are known for it . 
  it 's forbidden under reddiquette , but hard to enforce . 
  i wish not everything would get international coverage nowadays . 
  they are not confined to it , which definitely is a problem .
