  so only people who have been over in the us and drank enough brands of beer there can answer this . 
  without the help of the us germany would be nowhere it is today and i am grateful for that . 
  but at the same time , it 's important to note they did n't do it out of good will , but because they needed ( western ) germany to be their frontline and a battlefield in case a war with russia broke out . 
  also , medieval christmas market in esslingen by stuttgart . 
  more swabian fun from the northeast black forest : english | german | swabian -- | -- | -- strawberry | erdbeere | breschdling jam | marmelade | gsels tractor | traktor | tr\u00e4kker, 
  germanic people did n't write a whole lot , so not much is known about the old religions around here . 
  also here we kind of got our asses kicked by the romans and they did n't leave much i guess . 
  germany wo n't be easy if you need `` a patch of land '' . 
  pretty much every fleck of land is owned and it 's going to be hard to get a nice one . 
  oh , and highly regulated , of course . 
  yeah , and then they are surprised welfare systems mean lots of taxes . 
  it 's the track suits . 
  / s well , maybe not totally / s , i saw an ( what i presume to be ) italian on the tram today , he wore a track suit with italy flags on it . 
  and yes , i know italians are n't slavs . 
  adding to this , germans in the gymnasium ( 12/13 years of school ) get to choose wether they 'll do some classes two or fours hours during the last two years . 
  the main subjects are four hours and tested in the final exams ( abitur ) , the side subjects two and one ( or sometimes more ) may be taken as vocal exams . 
  i had : - math ( 4 ) ( mandatory ) - german ( 4 ) ( mandatory ) - english ( 4 ) ( mandatory first foreign language ) - physics ( 4 ) ( mandatory science ) - history ( 4 ) ( mandatory fifth subject , science , language or humanities ) - sports , geography , politics , music , biology ( 2 ) --  stopped taking arts , chemistry and latin classes . 
  the details vary from state to state though . 
  i guess you could translate them as swabian ravioli ( maultaschen ) with in butter sauted onions . 
  the 're regional here and heaven . 
  learning finnish would kill me i think . 
  but you 're not alone with long stupid words , german uses compound nouns : donaudampfschifffahrtskapit\u00e4n ( ... ) danube river steamboating captain ( ... ) i could add words for as long as i want , it would be valid , though of course you ca n't find these words in a dictionary , so learners will definitely have a hard time separating each part of the world . 
  there 's a short story in german about a rhubarb girl named barbara working in a bar that ends in a delicious tongue twister : rhababerbarbarabarbierbarbarenbar . 
  question . 
  since keyboard layouts are usually adjusted to the language , are \u00e4 and \u00f6 closeer to the middle / focus areas on finnish keyboards ? 
  because on the german keyboard they 're on the far right , close to the ` enter ' key . 
  1,2 ( but i think with three . 
  germans measure effectively ) , 5 , 6 , 7 ( apple ) , 8 , 9 is known to me . 
  bavarian edition : wos host du grod von mia gsagt du gstingada kloana saugrattler ? 
  kloana . 
  have n't been to ulm , but they 've got lots of info online : http://www.tourismus.ulm.de/web/en/ulm-und-neu-ulm/historisches/historisches.php, 
  frankfurt , while it has some interesting places , is a banking metropolis . 
  does n't mean there are n't some cool places , but it really depends on what you want to see . 
  if it 's history and old cities , both heidelberg and rothenburg ob der tauber lie more or less on the way . 
  no idea about l\u00fcbeck , but the rest seems fun !, 
  well , considering their county is n't even accepted by most countries in the world , i think that 's a natural reaction . 
  not even spain acknowledges them as far as i know ( because catalonia i guess ) . 
  assuming the no speedlimit thing on the autobahn . 
  there are plenty of strips without a limit , sure , but even more where the limit is 120km/h . 
  furthermore , germans do n't see the autobahn as this amazing speedway , we use it to get from a to b. 
  and we do value our safety , which is why you will see many people driving the recommended 130km/h . 
  but again and again we get questions from tourists where they can rent powerful cars to drive really fast on the autobahn , without knowing our traffic laws , without being used to the speed ( which is fucking dangerous ) or the phyical forces involved . 
  if you drive 200km/h you need to keep about 100m distance to the next car to be able to come to a full stop without crashing . 
  anyway , please do n't think the autobahn is a playground for cars . 
  if you really want to drive fast ( whyever ... ) rent a car and go to the raceways like n\u00fcrburgring . 
  tourists in germany usually visit berlin + munich . 
  ignoring all the other cities with completely different culture and history . 
  but still better than `` hey guys , wanted to go to oktoberfest to get a view of traditional germany , do you have any recommendations for a lederhosen store ? '', 
  they 're still trying to get bigger in germany , but there are also smaller donut chains opening up - and closing just as fast . 
  while donuts taste nice from time to time , they ca n't operate with people buying one donut and nothing else . 
  and i just ca n't eat more than one . 
  tip : have a national subreddit and an international subreddit , like we do for germany . 
  questions in english go to / r/germany , while shitposting , politics and national stuff happens in german in / r/de . 
  just found out that google translate is pretty good at arabic . 
  i can recommend the guided night tour to the castle by a company called mcgee 's . 
  it 's pretty long , but they tell you a lot and at least our guide was amazing . 
  definitely worth the price . 
  i really would n't have any reasonable benefit from that tunnel , but still really want it to be built . 
  the thought of being able to take a train to finland is awesome . 
  and gruesome , considering it would be expensive . 
  but anyway , go tallinn-helsinki-tunnel !, 
  probably similar to germany/france . 
  i 'm still holding out , but it 's getting hard . 
  stopped receiving care packages when my mother found out i was n't muslim yet . 
  taxes are getting higher , too . 
  might want to start wearing niqabs . 
  you know , to keep off the infidel-raping-muslims . 
  but i will hold out . 
  well , germany is pretty much in the position `` damned if we do , damned if we do n't '' . 
  imagine the tabloid headlines if there was n't so much anti-nationalism here . 
  no hitler salutes or hitler mocking or anne frankly jokes anywhere historically important ( ww2-wise ) . 
  but people must be really special in the head to even do that . 
  also holocaust denial is illegal here , no matter wether you whine about your free speech . 
  it 's germany , deal with it . 
  would be correct , but keep it up !, 
  if you ca n't understand people ask them to paraphrase , never switch from german to learn most effectively . 
  of course , that goes for any language . 
  munich 's wiesen ( oktoberfest ) is anything but authentic . 
  if you want that go to small bavarian towns celebrating little festivals . 
  similar here . 
  in the later school years they just told us `` stick to one way , do n't mix up the two and it 's fine . '', 
  i respect them . 
  they are well trained and usually quite polite , although they seem cold when you talk to them . 
  had only few run-ins with them . 
  reporting a stolen bike and such . 
  it 's kind of a stereotype that in small villages police patrols have nothing to do so they might stop you for really minor stuff : one time i got stopped on my bike after not giving a hand signal . 
  gave me a warning . 
  at the metal festival i was two weeks ago there was a heightened police presence compared to the last years , but they were friendly and non-obtrusive . 
  just there . 
  it was quite easy to ignore them , which is great . 
  `` our people '' are just `` our '' people because we were born as them . 
  you could 've been born as part of a `` shit culture '' , but you were lucky and were n't . 
  loving your country and being happy about cool stuff from and in it is great . 
  go out , wear the flag for sports events . 
  tell people about the awesomeness of this and that in your country . 
  but once you start putting yourself above others because you had the pure luck of being born in xyz , you 're so very wrong . 
  living in that country is better than in bumfuckthirdworldslaverycountry , but you 're not better than other people in this world because of that . 
  you 're just lucky . 
  ummmm ... 
  i recommend the wutachschlucht , especially over lotenbachklamm , which is a small gorge with waterfalls leading down into the wutach gorge .
