  these measures take years though . 
  as i have said in the similar thread in / r/de , isis would claim responsibility if my shit was running a bit too soft . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't them , but there are n't membership cards for isis , heck , i could say i made this m\u00fcsli in their name . 
  yup , gon na see all answers between : `` weck , weckla , weckl\u00e4 , wecken '' , `` schrippe , ... ? 
  and various more words for the high german word `` br\u00f6tchen '', 
  we still are , little brother . 
  apparently the witness lost sight of the suspect during the chase and then picked up the chase on the wrong guy . 
  i mean , i do n't blame him - it is dark , the guy was walking / running ? 
  away from the scene , he probably wore a jacket in a similar color to anyone else - easy to make mistakes , it 's not like he had some assassin 's creed style eagle vision to identfy him . 
  i do n't think anyone screwed up . 
  the police took in the likeliest suspect , that 's what they do . 
  it 's a mistake , he 's let go for the time being . 
  manhunt ensues . 
  that 's normal police work . 
  brilliant , nothing could go wrong !, 
  well ... good . 
  our tires are now called winter tires because of muslims !!!, 
  or something . 
  edit : in case people do n't understand : there is this abstract concept of a war on christmas where people are n't allowed to call somethis christmas-x anymore , but winter-x . 
  like with out christmas markets . 
  thing is , it 's just not true and not happening . 
  saying it 's absurd to be scared does n't downplay anything mate . 
  my heart goes out to the victims , their friends and families , but why the fuck should i be afraid of terrorism ? 
  the chances are so miniscule , it 's completely irrational . 
  look , the problem everyone overlooks when citing the australian , candian or us model is that these countries do n't really have a short sea or land connection to the countries being fled from . 
  germany takes this many because we have to help greece and italy , who are our partners in the eu and hit the hardest with the crisis . 
  people are arriving in literally boatloads over the short distance between the countries . 
  we ca n't say `` well , tough luck greece , shoulda chosen a better land '' . 
  of course , closing all borders would remove that problem , but closing the borders properly means giving the shoot order to border patrols - which does n't agree to europe 's humanistic values . 
  because they often speak some english beforehand and they get selected . 
  we do n't have that luxury . 
  really ? 
  downplaying ? 
  of course this is a terrible event , but the facts remain that i wo n't be scared of going outside . 
  to a christmas market , or to a train station at 3 am . 
  this is my decision . 
  you were making statements , which should be backed up ( since you put out some numbers ) , so i was hoping you could provide sources . 
  like i said , it 's very different . 
  some refugees live with foster families . 
  some live in shared apartments they have to pay for . 
  some live in `` temporary '' mass accomodation they do not have to pay for . 
  some ... 
  it 's not helpful to make generalising comments about all refugees or all czech workers . 
  i agree that it 's not all as it should be , but i 'd rather have the refugees be paid well and happy then allowing suffrage and thus space for radicalization . 
  what 's the living cost in czechia or poland ? 
  and where did you find the 400 $ number ? 
  the amount refugees and asylum applicants get paid varies greatly depending on their situation . 
  yup . 
  how is anyone surprised or outraged at them not having jobs ? 
  if they had , they would have `` stolen jobs from hardworking germ\u00e4ns !!!!! '', 
  they 're here . 
  they need to learn the language . 
  we 'll see the result in about five years . 
  not * now * . 
  if you intend do learn the language and integrate , as well as accept a job once you are linguistically qualified for it ( so in about one or two years hard work with no german background ) and then * work * to pay taxes and thus back into the system : welcome aboard . 
  who will you make pay for it ? 
  merpeople ? 
  i agree that helping people fleeing from governments is necessary . 
  but how do you propose we help the increasing amount of climate refugees ? 
  have you seen the population growth in [ africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_africa ) ? 
  2.5 billion in 35 years - not even europe and the us combined can take the influx of poverty stricken people . 
  we need to provide better , livable conditions where they are - and , as hard as it sounds , do our best to reduce the population growth . 
  the earth we have ca n't continue with these numbers . 
  problem is that we 're looking at much greater numbers now . 
  not talking about the 3-4 millions currently - but the millions to be with rising temperatures and increasing turmoil in the african states . 
  future looks very , very bleak for africa and we need to make a decision how to handle that shit * now * . 
  but , who am i kidding , everyone will be really `` surprised '' in a couple of years . 
  i hate when people act like unsafe parts of cities are new . 
  ask your goddamn parents about their youth in cities . 
  would your mom walk home alone from bars if she had been in a ghetto at that time ? 
  it 's not new . 
  and also : no-go zones refer to zones were authorities wo n't respond . 
  if i get harrassed at a trainstation at 3am , there sure as well will be police available to help me . 
  dude . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no-go_zone a train station or a ghetto at night was never a super-safe place . 
  not just in the last two years . 
  never . 
  my mom told me she was scared at times and would n't walk home alone when going home after hitting the bars . 
  that 's not a no-go zone . 
  police will still respond to your call . 
  you 'll get an ambulance if you need one . 
  stop acting like unsafe places at night are a new phenomenon . 
  that shit is as old as humanity , because humanity has always had shit parts . 
  we did `` wichteln '' , and stories , but except for in religion class never did anything specifically about christianity . 
  i thought it was because the church did n't wan na fight the `` heathens '' , so they said `` hey , look , we celebrate something on the same day . 
  let 's be pals . 
  '' , and set christmas to be on the 24th of december . 
  parody on t_d , shows how easy it is to get to the frontpage . 
  schulz is a possible chancellor candidate in germany in 2017 , but will most likely lose to merkel . 
  i 'm probably getting banned for saying this . 
  ( sad ! ), 
  but he was n't talking about germany , he was talking about countries being `` pretty much annexed '' * by * germany . 
  you could start exporting all that salt ? 
  i hope you 're a troll . 
  ( i am happy about every american trying to inform himself , instead of writing nonsense on worldnews . ), 
   that used to be a safe enough thing to do , but apparently no longer . 
  i 'm not feeling any unsafer after her rape and murder . 
  i doubt there is anyone sane out there who things these people have anything good in mind . 
  they 're the rotten , spoiled apples everyone talks about . 
  these are the ones who should be dropped at the coast of africa after some mandatory swimming lessons .
