i would n't call the springer verlag people . 
  they 're more like rabid dogs devouring everything that could generate clicks and revenue . 
  there are few sources i really trust nowadays . 
  no , they did n't . 
  read the article . 
  merkel proposed the same thing orban did a couple of days ago : help from other countries at the greek border . 
  glad to read some sanity in this sub . 
  media plays a big role . 
  until i was on reddit more often and talked to greek people i really thought it was a good thing to pressure greece even though i did n't read that kind of magazines . 
  tabloid influence is pretty strong on everyone . 
  try this site : [ gamedevmap ] ( http://gamedevmap.com/ ) made it way easier for me to find companies i want to work with . 
  also deck13 with lords of the fallen and venetica . 
  [ ummm ... ] ( http://www.galacticbinder.com/images/darkestmoments/youngling.jpg ), 
  they said in the video they have safety issues . 
  it could be that it 's more likely to be assaulted by some of the guards , if there are any , when you do n't wear a hijab . 
  situations like that always intesifies religion , because that 's what these people have left . 
  is n't that map from 2009 or something ? 
  pretty sure i 've seen it many times . 
  yes . 
  jihadis are extremists . 
  i know plenty of normal muslims who condemn war in the name of their god . 
  well , they even celebrated successfully brigading this place over there , so ... 
  and normal muslims have used it to thank their god for a thousand years, 
  to be honest , it literally translates to `` god is greater '' , so it 's not necessarily a islamistic terrorist thing . 
  i 'm not saying it ca n't be , but christians are saying similar things , so why always assume the worst ? 
  it 's been united for over 25 years . 
  besides , my dad 's family does n't have any relatives in eastern germany . 
  it 's more like a mystery to him . 
  i just find it cringeworthy that he reduces his son 's girlfriends to the place they 've spent the first years of their life in and do n't really have a memory of ... 
  that makes me really sad . 
  like you said , you do n't have to be pro-immigration , but not insulting those in need is the least someone can do . 
  i hope things will get better in that matter . 
  i 'll just highjack this to have a little rant . 
  im 20 , my brothers are 6 and 8 years older and both have girlfriends with families from former eastern germany - and whenever they visit my parents ( `` wessies '' ) go on and on about asking about life in the east . 
  it 's like there 's no other topic my dad can talk about with them but their first 4 and 7 years of their life . 
  for god 's sake , yes , the country is divided , but it 's not like the main thing in their life was living in east germany . 
  rant over , thanks . 
  i think the issue stopped about being `` incredibly backwards and uneducated '' - no matter in what place in germany you live , arson attacks and ( like in that other fucking article ) pissing on immigrants ca n't be argued as morally correct - and it 's illegal . 
  since it 's a crime , put the criminals away until they stop . 
  i do n't think germany is supposed to feel shame and guilt for their past , but we have a responsibility and if that responsibility means draconic prison sentences for fuckwarts like these neonazi assholes , so be it . 
  yeah that 's what they said when the protests started . 
  now we have burning shelters and arson attacks . 
  seriously , the police , the politicians , the people have to step in and do something . 
  we 're giving them way too much leverage . 
  this is going to get worse if we do n't stop casting blame and do useful things instead . 
  well , i hope you 'll be able to . 
  good luck !, 
  so , where to europe are you going ? 
  and if i may ask - on what occasion ? 
  hey , congrats on being happy . 
  i hope it lasts . 
  keep doing what got you there , 
  oh you sweet summer child . 
  this post is really sweet . 
  i 'm late but here i go . 
  work has been really slow this week , so that pisses me off . 
  i do n't like sitting around doing nothing for long times . 
  there 's just so many seconds you can look at the same reddit pages . 
  other than that i was on vacation last week , so that was great . 
  i 'm a bit worried about some legal stuff going on . 
  and i got it into my head that next year i 'll be visiting my dear old host family in california and am already planning stuff . 
  i hate that , because it 's not going to be like i am planning . 
  and i 'm getting excited . 
  but all in all life 's treating me nicely . 
  did they get to study ? 
  i mean i 'd fail most school tests and i 'm still in university . 
  but i agree that there are a lot of these `` bitter old people '' , that are n't even old . 
  mostly like 30-40 or something who think they 've seen everything . 
  it 's neuland !, 
  well , it is , for older people anyways . 
  my mom still refuses to really learn to use the internet . 
  it 's just a shame that these kind of people run countries :(, 
  not just m\u00fclltrennung . 
  i do n't live near refugees , but most people in my neighborhood are n't ethnic germans ( turkish , indian , pakistani , black ... ) . 
  it 's very unclean , people just throw out their trash to the streets or leave their belongings ( stroller , ... ) in the staircase to the appartment . 
  it 's really not part of their culture i guess . 
  sources ? 
  i mean , you could at least include the shitty bild article or whatever you got your `` information '' from . 
  problem is that the worst cases stand out . 
  there was a turkish boy in kindergarten and first grade who did n't speak german , always wore his sleeping clothes and tried to bully other kids . 
  still remember edson ( or however he was written ) . 
  most turkish people are pretty well integrated , but you remember the bad apples . 
  good explanations , good read . 
  thanks !, 
  seriously , get a good lock , one of [ these ] ( http://endlich-sicher.de/bordo-faltschloss6000/75schwarz.html ) if possible . 
  the lock they sold me as `` unbreakable '' ? 
  yeah , my mom broke it with a big wire-cutter when i lost my keys . 
  for above mentioned it 's much more difficult . 
  have a good time !, 
  they 're mostly yelling `` haut ab ! '', 
  = `` get out !, 
  / leave ! '', 
  in the beginning . 
  have not watched everything . 
  well , german media did n't help with that . 
  ca n't count how many times i 've walked past an anti-greece headline in the last years . 
  sure , it 's the magazines , but it felt very much like propaganda to me . 
  but he 's a * shivers * frenchie . 
  love to the neighbors : *, 
  deutsche bahn tries to tell you there was an unexpected onset of winter in the middle of december when your trains arrive late .
