  why , did you want to become a schnitzel in restaurant ? 
  :d for clarification : the german word `` bekommen '' means `` to get '' in english , however it is so close to `` to become '' in english some people mistake it . 
  but seriously , `` regenscherm '' is way better than that french word . 
  i agree ( wrote about that in some other comment that was buried ) . 
  i just wish it were possible to eliminate wars completely . 
  we 've got enough shit to worry about in this world and think where all the money could go :|, 
  what did we do to y - * looks at flag * ... umm ... 
  if you are on a long trainride better get a reservation , they 're not that expensive . 
  i 've had luck and sometimes i had to sit in a crowded gangway for three hours ... that was because a flight got cancelled and all the passengers got put on a train to another airport . 
  sorry your experience with the deutsche bahn was bad . 
  we germans hate it mostly , but i think we should be proud of it most of the times . 
  but russia had one . 
  that of course is the problem . 
  and i 'm not saying an army is the only reason war exists . 
  weird . 
  i 'm from the stuttgart area though , so that could be a regional thing indeed . 
  cobrastan real country !, 
  what the ... kisses on the mouth ? 
  never ever seen that . 
  unless you mean drunk making out with the best friend . 
  the last time i did kisses on the cheek was with my french aunt . 
  and mockingly with friends . 
  ha , ca n't top the \u00df which everyone reads like a b. 
  weird . 
  i always get told how friendly `` we '' are , i.e. 
  going to great lengths to understand foreigners etc. 
  speaking of the good old days , how about a new revolution ? 
  this republique has been at it for quite some time and we would n't want you to lose your expertise , 
  i do n't exactly see the nato as favorable . 
  i think it 's a cold war relic that wo n't let the world out of its bipolar view . 
  but i would never vote to drop out of it , since international alliances are very dependent on it . 
  i simply wish the thinking would change . 
  i believe having armies leads to war . 
  but if another country is threatening our allies we certainly should defend them . 
  her principles are whatever the majority likes at the time . 
  like `` we wo n't shut down our nuclear power plants any time soon '' [ fukushima ] `` we will shut down our nuclear power plants very soon '', 
  yeah , merkel is quite adept in that . 
  born around stuttgart , germany . 
  currently interning in bremen , germany . 
  maybe great britain . 
  but i 'll probably stay here , i love the area . 
  does belgium have something like the 5 % - rule ( parties with less than 5 % of votes do not get a seat in parliament ) ? 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  wish i could read french better than with salvaged latin , 
  so we agree that europe needs to get its shit ? 
  would n't call it fleeing . 
  but you are right . 
  awwww < 3, 
  * cough * i do n't . 
  mainly because i do n't want to spend 150 $ for proper `` trachtenkleidung '' ( traditional costume ) i only wear when i want to get drunk on expensive beer . 
  umm ... about that ... you 've had it quite a while now . 
  how about we take it for the next 70 years or so ? 
  mir traget koi lederhosn in schwoaben . 
  * we do n't wear lederhosen in swabia . 
  only if we 're going to the wasen * / / the wasen is a volksfest in stuttgart , we basically stole the oktoberfest from munich and do it twice a year . 
  and please stop confusing great swabia with bavaria . 
  bodensee area is quite expensive . 
  but there are lovely places in the schwarzwald ( black forest ) if you enjoy hiking . 
  seriously . 
  seeing schweini naked in the showers and loving football ? 
  wow , big accomplishment ... 
  ahh , sorry , thought you meant for a couple of days . 
  wg-gesucht is mostly long-term staying . 
  i think there are a lot of couchsurfers in germany though !, 
  try reading a book you 've read a couple of times or know well in german , that always helped me learn languages , 
  awwww thanks for saying we make great movies !, 
  i ca n't think of any , but i also do n't have a tv and rarely go the movies ... any examples ? 
  for a permanent place ? 
  who knows ? 
  i doubt the cdu will risk the figurehead for von der leyen , but merkel will want to retire - being a chancellor is taxing . 
  it 's almost a sports thing in germany to complain , do n't take it for real . 
  we live in a great country , there is n't much better than germany . 
  but i could also go on complain about politics , how internet connections are better everywhere else and how amazing stuff in norway is ( apart from you know ... the sun thing ... ), 
  we call her teflon-mutti ( teflon-mommy ) , because no matter what happens , she 'll carefully say the right words and stay up on the polls . 
  nothing sticks to her , old people and people who plainly do n't care to think more than five minutes are going to vote cdu / merkel ... 
  however there are rumors that cdu is trying to prepare ursula von der leyen ( current minister ( ministress ? ), 
  of defense ) to take over her post . 
  we used to call her zensursula ( censor-sula ) , so much for our future ... ), 
  apparently they do n't lack ties as they 're the ones succeeding in pushing ttip on us . 
  the eu and especially german government is very interested in the economical advantages of ttip . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3di7eaavd1s start at 1:00, 
  considering i laughed my ass off , it was solid . 
  would 've given it points . 
  2010 i think . 
  problem is they 're trying to recreate that song ... terribly . 
  you know , our act was shitty and we lost . 
  your act was funny and you slightly lost less than we ^ ^, 
  where are we going this time ? 
  take scandinavia and pave finland as the road to russia ? 
  france and britain with their pity votes are safe this time  ( < -- not actually planning to invade . 
  please do n't downvote ), 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm just gon na say , this is quite the achievement !, 
  your boy was looking damn fine . 
  uk , your german sounded very very sarcastic there , what 's wrong , 
  austria and germany standing strong !, 
  hey , i laughed at your act , you fapped at our act - we 're building bridges right there !, 
   ( i honestly liked it ), 
  central europe with poland , austria , france and germany are standing together and keeping the last lines !, 
  professionals are n't fooled by ass .
