i 'm very impressed by belgian cinema !, 
  do n't know if it has always been there , but it just seems to really boost with 1-2 international success movies each year . 
  why you get downvoted ? 
  and freistaat saxony is n't there . 
  maybe op mixed those up ? 
  the flags look somehow simillar ... 
  opel in the rhein-main-metropol-region ( for having opel in r\u00fcsselsheim ), 
  perfect answer . 
  downvotes from here . 
  * insert city first *, 
  yes , i agree that the jounalists want to create a certain reaction but it triggers only hate against these rebels for me , not russians as such . 
  it 's anti-rebellian ( with good reasons ) , not anti-russian . 
  thanks franz , 
  yes , although i think there is another side to it : of those ( responsible ) politicians and journalists who are reporting or complaining about the open questions regarding the bodies , it 's not about demonizing russia but demonizing political instability . 
  of course in the eyes of most ( me included according to the current facts i considered ) it 's russia 's fault to have fueled those rebels by annecting the crimea . 
  however , this is too early for details . 
   after the airliner broke up in midair , she survived after falling about 3 km ( ~ 10,000 feet ) still strapped to her seat , before crashing through the rainforest canopy and coming to rest on the forest floor . 
  source : [ juliane koepcke 's wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juliane_koepcke ), 
  indeed , yet , you find so many people who are putting themselves into a victim 's position emotionally - maybe even with the best intentions by being those people 's advocates - and demand a move of `` force '' . 
  it 's like a pattern and very common , but definitely not a good way . 
  this is cleverest thing i 've read in a week . 
  there 's nothing wrong being mono-thematic . 
  au contraire it was their downfall when they fought for a united direction in non-digital toppics . 
  in my opinion , the pp lost it 's potential when ( german ) mass media put them in the spotlight . 
  the media needed faces and that 's when teh cock fight began . 
  then the media inthronized some marina wei\u00dfband as an eloquent girl with some avantgardesk aura as a gallion figure . 
  i , however , think it would be best if the pp admitted that it has not the expertise in the things established parties are doing business in for decades . 
  instead , they should say : we do n't have fraction discipline , so that pp-delegates can vote with the cdu on one issue , with the spd on the next and even with the fdp on others ( i know the fdp is not significant right now , just think yourself back 5 years ) . 
  only when it comes to the core toppic of digital ( ! ), 
  data protection , copyright and technology , they should speak with one voice . 
  this whole transparency/leftist stuff made the whole movement ridiculous . 
  still voted for them this time , though : /, 
  i think i read that before somewhere, 
  what movie is this from ? 
  which one ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  sorry , i do n't trust bavarians and therefor assume you are lying . 
  i love this sub for their flags . 
  you have way more authority than friviligt and boq combined . 
  i beg to differ . 
  a business company like cnn with connections to the nucular power industry is questioning germany 's step to get rid of nuclear power plants ? 
  it 's so ridiculous . 
  it happens all the time . 
  i really loved the early 2000s , when there were ( merely ) no country-restrictions . 
  when you linked sth to another person ( esp . 
  in the us ) , links worked - and vice versa . 
  as a huge `` major league '' - fan i loved that dialogue . 
  i just tried to find that scene and am was very suprised , that in the original ( = english ) version of the movie the dialogue goes like at aout 1:34:28 h into the movie : * ( after hayes/snipes got the base and tom berenger is about to hit , the baseman [ white trash yankee ] asks hayes ) * : `` goin ' somewhere , meat ? '', 
  `` about 90 feet '' no racial puns at all !!!, 
  now , sometimes i really wonder about the `` creative freedom '' dubbing studios take o.o another good example is the movie `` hudson hawk '' which is completely different in the german version . 
  yup , the `` oberlicht '' ( more precise : k\u00e4mpferfenster , es certain kind of a roof light , maybe more above a door then in a roof ) was new to german architecture , when german visitors asked the french house owners : `` was ist das ? '', 
  - meaning `` what is that ? '' . 
  the phonetical `` was ist das '' became vasistas , eventually and is now the common french word for the k\u00e4mpferfenster . 
  in effenbergisch it also means `` du arschloch '', 
  i do n't think his message is that the media has to be on the side of the cypress people , instead of the german people . 
  i think what he 's saying is : journalism today is a business , hence they need wide circulation by sensational images . 
  instead of making images of the stampede-like run on cypress banks by their customers , you as the media should investigate stuff ... what is happening and why . 
  there are actually places in mallorca ( away from the binge-drinking spots ) where classy foreigners live - even germans !, 
  that 's absolutely it ... how did you remember that ? 
  this reminds me of `` no fun for takeshi '' or sth ... anybody help me out with that meme with that asian guy having kinda bad luck ? 
   this extends to the bedroom . 
  you had me at ... actually , not until `` bedroom '' . 
  as an admirer of cheap swedish furniture - yes . 
  i usually go over online price comparison services like idealo and geizhals.at / de ( it 's originally an austrian website but has germany , austria and eu as flags to filter ; i never tried anything else than the germany-filter , but it should be good with all ) . 
  that said , if the price at amazon was only marginally more expensive - like < 5 eur incl . 
  shipment - until now i often choose amazon because of the great service they provide ( fast shipment , good packaging , like their website , etc ) . 
  also , i do n't like to spread my personal data , so if not amazon , i try to stick with the same shops all the time . 
  those are * for computer parts : mindfactory.de , bestseller-computer . de , mix-computer . de * for handicraft / assemble stuff : voelkner.de , conrad.de - which are somehow related ) those are exclusively german sites , i think . 
  the problem is - what is already well published around the european media - that the horse meat they 've found is not originally designated for consumption by humans . 
  the next revelation will be that the horse meat found will have too high amounts of anti-rheumatics and other medication in the meat which is unhealthy for humans . 
  as a 34 yo . 
  living with my parents ( again ) , i felt good seeing this map and especially the title , 
  you need a dose of [ cgpgrey ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ), 
  but germany and france can drag the rest of europe into war due to their size . 
  piece ... for a lot of years . 
  fact enough ? 
  as a german native , it sounded funny for me as well . 
  merry christmas to you , too ^ ^, 
  i would actually love to hear that ... can reddit with its internets army please contact daft punk and coerce them into recording that ? 
  it fits way better to white bread than on darker ... for me , at least , the default option is toast . 
  ... [ technologic ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq4b8clqgna ) ( let 's do an irish version ), 
  oh , back then ... when you actually had a lot of fap in the morning , and even more in the evening ... 
  as a german , i was very curious what the international , especially the polish comments in this thread would have to say on this headline . 
  i do n't like the fellow german comments that much , because they have usually the same media-sources as me . 
  however , since the headline included kaczyinski , who is portrayed in whole german media as an ultra-right-wing-nutjob , i was pretty sure that this headline must be misleading . 
  nevertheless , i was kinda cautious what to expect because i have never ever thought about the polish minority in germany ... not because they are so few ( tehy are n't and we have a big polish ( more precise : `` schlesische '' ) community where i live . 
  the thing is , i realized how good they are integrated that i did n't even think about them as foreigners ... i even feel wrong for using the word `` integration '' for poles as i should use it for bavarians going to hamburg even more ^ ^, 
  acutally i do , but you 're right , propaganda is usually more subtle and intelligent, 
  yeah , let 's hijack a random wwii thread for right wing propaganda, 
  goldman sachs ? 
  best comment in thread, 
  we still need an answer here, 
  yeah , that very `` massage stick '' , thehe , where do i find the link to that again ? 
  i 'm gon na play devil 's advocate here : there are constitutional problems with the equal marriage law . 
  instead of having it done in a rush and being symbolic law making , the law making process should 've underwent deeper debate on these things . 
  i like turtles, 
  well , the `` law '' was made in 2015 by the bundesrat ( the other state parliament ) . 
  however , i concur that this toppic deserved a broader debate . 
  nope , they have the chance to be upgraded to marriage , but they can also keep their status . 
  since same sex marriage is now ( in a couple of months ) allowed , there is no more need for registered partnership and therefor can not be commited to .
