probably not , but for now they are happy to be in a safe place where people give a damn . 
  after that , we shall see . 
  also speaking from experience , germans are very open to people that learn their language . 
  as long as you can talk to them and they see you respect them , they will help you . 
  i 'm glad you said that because the official statement of our chancellor is : , , all the refugees that make it across the border will be given the , , refugee '' status . 
  that means a temporary place to live , food , clothes etc. 
  you know , last night the trains in munich arrived with thousands of refugees and it was n't something planned . 
  the first thing the people did was to go and buy food and water and share with the refugees that had nothing . 
  today after organized help arrived , people went home and brought clothes , toothpaste , shampoo , toys for kids etc. 
  i was n't born in germany and i 've been here only for 4 years now , but i am proud to live in a country that does this !, 
  they were probably pushed out of the country . 
  hungary is n't known for it 's open borders and friendly smile . 
  i am 100 % certain these refugees that land in germany are pushed here by all the other countries in europe . 
  i lived in romania for 19 years and i never knew how beautiful bulgaria really is . 
  i will definitely visit someday , 
  i double dare you to find a picture with the romanian senate full . 
  turkey said they warned the jet fighter for 5 minutes , which is obviously a lie . 
  i used to say that china has a richer culture than europe , since it has been holding strong the longest . 
  honestly i think they differ in style , not in power of influence . 
  one is very disciplined and the other is more diverse , mixture of multiple cultures that mash well together . 
  i like europe . 
  lets make the headquarters here in germany . 
  that always works well . 
  they have the monopoly for a long time when it comes to isp . 
  they are currently moving to mobile services and i 'm confident they will keep up the good work . 
  hah , yea i also find billboards in germany saying they give you 200mbps . 
  what they fail to mention is that ther are 100 homes in a 500k city that have those , because the infrastructure is n't good enough for those speeds and needs upgrading . 
  my bad , i do n't live there anymore and do n't know exactly what the limit is , but still have such a contract , because for those 3,4 weeks where i 'm back on holidays , it 's totally worth it and i pay 4 euro ... that 's insane . 
  you will pay for this wifi with taxes . 
  i doubt there will be extra charges . 
  they want to get rid of roaming alltogether and the free wifi is meant of bigger cities . 
  why all the schepticism polish friend ? 
  wifi technology is n't that expensive anymore and buying in bulk makes it even cheaper . 
  installing the whole thing is more of an issue here , but the eu has more than enough money for something like this . 
  also to add to u/optionplus 's comment . 
  they are spreading . 
  i think in some parts of spain and italy where there are big romanian communities , there 's a good chance you find rds . 
  other countries though , refuse to let them sell their offers . 
  for instance , germany is totally against it . 
  here 's why : i have a 100mbps connection + phone + basic cable for 40 euro/month ( well 20 in the first year , but that does n't matter ) . 
  this is actually a good offer since most people do n't get 100mbps . 
  now rds comes along with 1gpbs + phone + basic cable for 10 euro/month . 
  t-mobile , kabel deutschland , vodafone they would all die instantly . 
  also with that rds package you can get a very cheap ( between 3-5 euro/month ) mobile phone contract that gives you free phone time around the world ( usa , china and uae only 3000 minutes ) , 10gb of lte and free messaging around the world . 
  rds is part of digi in romania and their new cable channels are actually good . 
  digi has almost a monopoly as an internet carrier and they are improving all the time with very cheap prices . 
  it is nice to see such a powerful company not take advantage of its costumers . 
  can confirm . 
  finnished high-school and moved to germany alone . 
  best decision i ever made . 
  that is one of the things why eastern countries get way more money from eu than they give . 
  it is a somewhat repayment for the people that left and work in the west . 
  i am in a lot of those , , romanians in foreign country '' groups on facebook and the articles i see shared there , i ca n't believe my eyes sometimes . 
  title says germans are protesting against merkel and they took to the streets , and the pictures shown in the article are from some gay rights movement . 
  other articles that say europe is forcing romania to take in more refugees than they can , or that they use romania as some sort of social experiment etc. 
  problem is , reading only the title and not the article or checking the source is not just a , , reddit '' problem , the lesser folk do it too and then i have to listen to morons back in romania telling me how europe is trying to fuck them over . 
  yes , but romania is still in fuckyou-town when it comes to people actually seeing the benefit of that growth rate . 
  corruption is still found at every level , from ministers to mayors . 
  the german president they have now is on the right path and together with the dna ( romanian anticorruption institute ) they are fighting a so far victorious battle against corruption . 
  still that takes time . 
  only for some months since the refugee crysis . 
  her numbers went back up again , because people start liking her , , wir schaffen das '' ( we can do it ) attitude towards the crysis and the terrorist attacks . 
  there are other ways of getting experience in a field . 
  you have voluntary work during summer and parts of a previous job you had that could translate into experience at the desired new job . 
  refugees aside , people including europeans forget that we already had pretty significat minority of arabs in europe even before this refugee crysis . 
  czech republik is more western than hungary . 
  geographically speaking . 
  it is true , the main roada that cross the country have been repaired and are quite good . 
  that does n't change the fact that romania has some of the highest traffic related deaths in europe . 
  a country that is aspiring to the western standard of living does n't have one highway . 
  one damn road that crosses the country , allowing heavy traffic to get off the two way streets that have mostly one lane per direction and loosen up the clusterfuck that is romanian traffic . 
  also regarding the young people with the western mindset , yes that is true . 
  problem is they have no education supporting their ideas . 
  the minister of education is beeing changed every few months . 
  for years now , children and students started their semester with a concrete study plan and an idea of what is expected of them at the end of that semester , only to end up with a different minister and a different plan . 
  this is not just an acute problem , it 's been going for 5 years now . 
  also the universities focus on the very old method of learning by heart , a lot of information , use less logic , more useless and unorganized information . 
  fight against corruption is ongoing , true , but the real evil masterminds are the people in parliament , around 640 of them if i 'm not mistaken , but do n't quote me on that . 
  they set the laws and it just so happens that they get bigger and bigger pensions , even for the ex-parliamentarians , have laws preventing any legal action against them while in office and then court appeals and other bullshit take 5 years a piece to process and complete . 
  romanian economy is growing , true . 
  but you do n't really see improvements in any other part of the country . 
  just as an example , last year , romania was the only country in the world to have negative km of highway . 
  they destroyed or failed to repair more km of highway than they built , this in a country that pays highest price per km for highway in europe . 
  german , french and british industry is booming because all the , , poorer '' countries get money and buy stuff from these 3 powers . 
  then they have to give money back . 
  true , this is an awesome money making tactics , but lets not forget . 
  the countries that took that money and invested it in a profitable way , gained a lot . 
  better infrastructure , better education , better healthcare etc. 
  tourism is bigger in europe now than before , not just because of the open borders . 
  then you have countries like romania that just , , ate '' the money and nothing happened . 
  some grow , others not so much , it depends on how they used the money . 
  purely geographical , franconia is in bavaria . 
  no , there is no source , other than what you get from living here . 
  constant trains that never open their doors and are full with refugees . 
  volunteers that always work with new faces , you barely see the same people near camps . 
  the syrians that you actually see on public trains and buses are usually a family that are well dressed and clearly going somewhere , they always ask for directions and want to know if their on the right train . 
  i could be very wrong , but i have n't spoken to a person living here before that did n't know about this system . 
  we still have the huge theatre where hitler held his speeches in nuremberg . 
  it 's called hitlerplatz, 
  i live in nuremberg .
