  i got hated on a few times until i learned not to say that i live in bavaria . 
  no , this is franken !, 
  also few people know how germany handles the huge influx of refugees . 
  there are many refugee camps , a lot of them actually , and the people are being moved between them at 3,4 weeks intervals . 
  sometimes sooner . 
  they always get split up , so they do not get a chance to form gangs . 
  since new years eve in cologne , from which the germans have learned a lot , all camps are being monitored intensively and people do n't really leave in masses . 
  the ones that leave are also monitored by cameras and police disguiesed as civilians . 
  the families that seem to want to integrate into our way of life are given the opportunity to learn german , specially the kids , they also added 1euro/hour jobs , where refugees can clean in their camps and work on helping with organizing different efforts . 
  those families are then sent slowly towards refugee locations where they will be able to start building their new lives . 
  the rest are kept on the move and as soon as isis loses its grip on bigger cities , they will be deported back . 
  obviously there are too many to be able to send them all back , but the vast majority of the ones that did n't show enough will to integrate , those will be sent back . 
  bavarians are very proud germans and often think of themselves better than the rest of the bundeslaender . 
  frankonia , a smaller region in bavaria says the same thing . 
  it 's like new york and new jersey , they are bound together , but bash each other every chance they get . 
  not even his grandparents are immigrants . 
  he 's german . 
  not really . 
  this is surprising . 
  what food are we talking here ? 
  i was under the impression that american food is very cheap . 
  at least those people over at r/mealprepsundays or whatever its called talk about prices i 'd never be able to match here in germany . 
  i 've only been there for 2 weeks , so i am not an expert . 
  judging by the cars you see on the street , they are either rich or not . 
  half of the cars are expensive , the other half cheap or borderline bycicle . 
  i lived and shopped away from the city center . 
  i would take the metro for 35-40 minutes away from \u041a\u0423\u0420\u0421\u041a\u0410\u042f . 
  no i did not shop around the center of moskow . 
  i noticed they were expensive . 
  found orange juice worth 18 euro in those shops . 
  immediately left . 
  problem is , the rest of russia with the exception of st. petersburg is poor and deteriorating . 
  i felt like i was back in romania 20 years ago . 
  you 'd think , but the price in rubles went up . 
  let me put it this way , ~ 60 rubles = 1 euro . 
  a pretty standard grocery bag with milk , salami , bread , some veggies , some chicken-breasts and maybe 2 beers would add to almost 2000 rubbles . 
  as a comparison to that , i came back to germany and first day after my vacation , went to the store to refill fridge and what else i need at home to keep myself fed . 
  cost me about 20 euro . 
  i am talking about normal food shopping here , eating out is hilarious sometimes . 
  they weigh their food to only use the perfect amount , i 've never seen that in a fast food . 
  obviously a box of noodles is ~ 7,8 euro . 
  beer in a pub is 6 < . 
  i can understand how rich people in moskow afford all that , but the , , middle '' and low class ... they eat fried cabbage . 
  i do n't know , but the food there was delicious . 
  everything i ate in those 2 weeks in moskow tasted very good . 
  i read the introduction to the article to see if i already know the info in it . 
  usually articles are written following the same structure . 
  article in a nutshell , the interesting core that is being further explained in the parts to come and the longer explanation with extra details about it 's setting . 
  reading the first two parts of the article allows me to check if i had read the news before and if it is indeed just clickbait . 
  i 've been to russia recently . 
  everything is fucking expensive . 
  granted it was moskow , but even neighbourhood stores are expensive . 
  groceries that are around the same price as germany are just the basics like cheese , salami , bread etc. 
  everything else costs almost double . 
  people in iceland know how to party . 
  i still believe the experience and opportunities such a train ride might offer is worth the money . 
  people would have a golden opportunity to meet others , similar to the erasmus program . 
  [ this ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lemonde.fr%2fcampus%2farticle%2f2017%2f03%2f27%2fle-projet-de-passe-interrail-offert-a-tous-les-jeunes-europeens-remplace-par-une-subvention_5101507_4401467.html ) is a google translated version of the article . 
  sueddeutsche zeitung also published the story , but with waaay more salt . 
  probably because of manfred weber a politician in the csu , who liked the idea and was fighting for it in the european parliament . 
  they will . 
  started in germany . 
  now also austria and romania . 
  other will follow slowly , but surely . 
  i think equality will still be there , hence eu trying to work out visa regulations with other countries so romania and bulgaria can also travel like the rest . 
  healthcare , education , democracy , food regulations , transport regulations etc. 
  will still be equal all around . 
  merkel just ca n't shut up during the photo shooting . 
  that 's why i buy meat from germany , preferably bavaria . 
  i always search for eggs from chicken raised in , , freilandhaltung '' . 
  in an article in geo compact , it said that items with , , kein gen-technik '' were true ~ 94 % of the time . 
  the environmental impact is something that , imho wo n't be influenced by eating less meat , but by turning to green energy and electric cars . 
  i agree as well . 
  nature left alone is just as cruel . 
  we are designed to eat meat and if the animals die in a humane way , without suffering , i am ok with that . 
  perks of being human . 
  yea that one does n't really fit . 
  romanians know austria very well , mostly because of vienna . 
  romania had the highest economical growth in europe last year . 
  the problem in romania are the corrupt politicians that fill their own pockets . 
  then you should be happy . 
  uk decided to leave this museum , i am sure life with us and russia is better . 
  eu needs to just take a good look in the mirror , recognize we are awesome and just use that motivation going forward . 
  eu should n't give in to the ring-wing pressure from outside and inside , it should n't wait for others to provide security of our borders and we should n't even think about building a wall to the people in the east that need our help . 
  granted , how many problems get tackeld needs improvement , but shutting the world out is not the way to go . 
  also a lot of romanians moved to spain to work and live . 
  romanians make a large part of the immigrant population in countries like spain , germany and italy . 
  it was quite funny and somewhat original . 
  i am romanian and thought the romanian video was horrible.maybe it 's just our perception of it . 
  i really believe the eu should be ok with it and the rest should n't matter . 
  if the eu agrees that germany should build an army to defend our continent , then others like russia , england or us should just accept it . 
  if you read the article it states that even though wind powered energy generation is the second highest in eu , coal plants still take the 2nd spot because they are stable all the time . 
  this does n't mean it 's bad news , it means we 've come one step further and considering how the rest of the world , except china , moves ... 
  i 'd say we made 5 steps ahead . 
  the money is there , but if you read all the comments above , many people do n't feel as glad that germany is investing in its army . 
  the article , if truthful or not , states that all countries in europe have seen an economic growth with the exception of italy and greece ( although greece turned a positive net in the last quarter of 2016 ) . 
  of course the growth differs from country to country , but it is there and it will only get better . 
  with a european reform to centralizing some financial aspects , i believe it will show great benefits even to normal citizens . 
  what the government did was completely in line with the law , but the idea behind it is malicious . 
  that is why europe ca n't help .
