  all the weapons are real but blunt , for protection . 
  they are also interested in other parts of the viking lifestyle like handcrafts , making clothes , jewelry , leatherwork , etc. 
  i do n't want to speak too much on their behalf , so you can check out their [ fb page ] ( https://www.facebook.com/ask.vikingekampgruppe.1/?fref=ts ), 
  i also thought they look really cool , which is why i approached them . 
  they are a really friendly group of people :-), 
  where is your group based ? 
  i would be very interested to see the other aspects of the lifestyle as well . 
  nah , i think of it as a kind of homage ;-), 
  amazing photo , this deserves more upvotes . 
  no , this was a completely spontaneous moment , nothing scripted about it . 
  subscribed , bring it on, 
  cat or photoshop ? 
  wishing you many more happy and healthy years together !, 
  this made my heart melt a little ... 
  negging is a good idea . 
  thanks so much , this one also caught my eye . 
  thank you . 
  funny the name is in french . 
  do you know if it 's actually greeks who are the owners ? 
  thank you !, 
  no worries , thanks anyway :-), 
  that 's awesome , thank you so much . 
  i 've sent the sams\u00f8 group a request . 
  i 'm trying to get the meaning of that last one , but google translate is not helping . 
  only understood `` petanque '' . 
  that is really sweet actually :-), 
  thank you , i 'll check it out !, 
  thanks , i 'll check it out !, 
  wow , that sounds very interesting . 
  do you maybe know what kind of activities the club organises ? 
  if there are any north koreans in denmark who are in the club ? 
  thanks so much , this is definitely something i 'll check out . 
  thanks !, 
  i will check it out for sure , thank you . 
  very interesting . 
  so it 's a kind of communal farm ? 
  thank you for suggesting it :-), 
  that is quite amazing , thank you !, 
  i 'll definitely try to find out more . 
  it 's the first time i hear of anyone having such access . 
  are you perhaps in touch with any of the members ? 
  hey there , you can try out the balkan flexipass , i 've been told it 's worth it by people who have used it . 
  i 'm from serbia , and have been travelling quite a lot around the balkans in the past few years . 
  trains tend to be the cheapest , but also the slowest option . 
  the fastest and second-cheapest are buses . 
  mind that if you are travelling through turkey , trains are not really an option . 
  take that into account if you buy a rail pass . 
  there is also bla-bla car , a car sharing website , but that has not really kicked off much here . 
  cheapest option is of course hitchiking , and that should be pretty easy in the balkans . 
  i think there is not much need to plan the transport ahead , if you are going overland . 
  however , you could take advantage of some cheap flights , and get those ahead of time . 
  a cheap flight between thessaloniki and athens could be found for around 10 eur last i checked . 
  that of course depends on how much luggage you will have with you , as prices go up the more you carry . 
  also take care when planning a trip that a short distance between two cities does not mean it is easy to travel between them . 
  for instance , to get to sarajevo in bih , from skopje in macedonia , i had to go through belgrade , serbia . 
  there were simply not so many buses available , and the ones that did go took way to long to get there . 
  feel free to pm me for any specific tips , also for things to see and places to stay . 
  a friend from spain managed to get into serbia from kosovo , but only presented her eu id , not her passport . 
  personally , i do n't have a lot of experience with hitchiking . 
  but many people i know choose this way of travellling . 
  because it 's cheap and as i said , easy in the balkans . 
  why would you think the balkans is not the place for hh ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i 'll tell you why i think people say it 's easy here , just my idea - people here are mostly poor , and so try to help each other out . 
  also there is a great tradition of hospitality and welcoming people from other places . 
  so i think that extends to helping out on the road . 
  you could try writing on this forum - it 's a regional travellers ' forum , [ linking here a hh topic ] ( http://www.klubputnika.org/forum/forum/16-autostop/ ) . 
  feel free to post in english , everyone speaks it . 
  also check out [ hitchwiki ] ( http://hitchwiki.org/en/balkans ), 
  [ nefertiti ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/b1/7c/73/b17c7345c7d9ab4cdfd8734424da69a4.jpg ) anyone ? 
  mr. hirst , thank you very much for doing this ama !, 
  i have been following the series avidly since the first episode . 
  well done for taking such an interesting period and subject and bringing it to life . 
  there is one thing about the series though that seems more and more noticeable . 
  the characters at the beginning were very relatable , they were regular farmers and family people , who seemingly just happen to become great historical figures through their own wit and bravery . 
  i think that 's what made the series so engaging to start with . 
  the characters were multifaceted . 
  yet with each season , this seems to change , and the characters seem more and more to be fuelled just by hatred and ambition , making them in effect 2-dimensional . 
  is this intentional ? 
  of course . 
  brb , taking my clothes off . 
  that 's a guilty-looking dog . 
  here 's an upvote , and happy cake day !, 
  try upwork , lots of serbian people on there . 
  you could also try a local job search engine , infostud . 
  i have n't an idea how to walk in high heels . 
  i 've never even tried and i 'm in my mid-thirties . 
  female . 
  my point exactly !, 
  siamese are extremely devoted cats !, 
  much happiness with your new kitty :-), 
  here 's a facebook group for people like you ( and me ) where you can request access - https://www.facebook.com/groups/850609558335839/, 
  i 've something similar !, 
  i 'm missing one of my wisdom teeth . 
  the other three grew normally , and the 4th one just does n't exist . 
  a girl i knew was also missing all 4 of hers . 
  you have 5 of them ? 
  :-) where do they all fit ? 
  well then you definitely do n't have my wisdom tooth , i 'm missing the one on the bottom right . 
  but that 's ok , you 'll find your match some day .
