  when the abuse tips the scale , you leave . 
  but then you forget how bad it was . 
  you begin to think more and more of the love , and how much you miss it . 
  it is for this reason that for many women it takes many attempts before they are finally able to leave an abusive partner . 
  i suggest that you take notes for your future self . 
  write down on a piece of paper all the abuse that you suffered . 
  every time that he hurt or slighted you . 
  you 'll be able to see the situation more objectively when you look at it written down . 
  and when you think of going back to him , just read what you 've written . 
  it also helps a lot to talk to your friends or family about his actions , and hopefully they 'll be able to give you an objective opinion . 
  and when you feel hurt by his actions , when you look sad or you cry , take a selfie . 
  i 'm serious !, 
  you will be reminded of your hurt , and of your feelings , and your reasons for leaving him when you look at the photos later on . 
  i 've also found that reading and watching stories told by other abused and neglected women who had left their partners , helped me a lot !, 
  believe that you are a good and deserving human being . 
  your happiness matters , your thoughts and feelings matter . 
  you are looking for love , but you will not be getting it from an abusive and manipulative boyfriend . 
  you 'll find it somewhere else , with someone else . 
  do n't go back to him and wait for things to get worse , because they will !, 
  just give it some time , and you will see that your world does not revolve around your ex boyfriend . 
  you will rediscover happiness and pleasure in other things , activities and people . 
  be strong now , and soon things will be better . 
  your life is what you make it . 
  set boundaries of what feels good to you in a relationship , and what does not , and do not compromise on them . 
  i wish you much happiness , you deserve it !, 
  they also chose to wear t-shirts instead of fancy clothes , and donated the money to a good cause . 
  cool username btw :-), 
  hillary clinton . 
  does she count as a celebrity ? 
  it would n't surprise me if she turned out to be a drone . 
  gorgeous face too . 
  enjoy giving , very much . 
  do n't enjoy receiving so much , for a number of reasons . 
  lack of enthusiasm from the partner being one . 
  expectations from the partner being another . 
  suction is key !, 
  to put it bluntly , tell her to suck on it . 
  have you tried changing your diet ? 
  just wondering if you could give it a go before going through the surgery . 
  for instance , a raw food diet , or similar ? 
  in any case , sending positive thoughts your way !, 
  perhaps a diet change will improve your condition enough not to have to get a colostomy bag ? 
  fingers crossed :-), 
  although i do n't know much about crohns , my mom had severe digestion problems . 
  she tried changing her diet , got rid of sugar completely and lowered her carbohydrate intake . 
  and it worked amazingly well !, 
  no i think it 's a widespread thing in serbia . 
  in my family at least , the rule has always been that the guest gets preferential treatment . 
  all the best for the guest :d, 
  play with my dick , then proceed to do some push-ups . 
  a brexit campaigner [ set up a petition to repeat the referendum ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-petition-second-eu-referendum-latest-news-vote-leave-a7104076.html ) , before the results were in . 
  he was sure the remain vote would win , so he wanted to make sure the leave voters have another go . 
  but with the leave voters actually winning , the remain voters hijacked his petition and made it into one of the most massive ever with over 4 million signatures . 
  i thought no way that dick belongs to this man . 
  he was not tall , but the dick was almost too big to get my mouth around . 
  also had a bit of pain trying to fit him in me . 
  told him i liked his dick , he was amused . 
  if they are honest . 
  cause some boys past 23 stay just like little boys , so we women have to be all serious and annoy you like mothers . 
  it 's like the kitty version of [ this ] ( http://media.treehugger.com/assets/images/2015/10/kotatsu-japanese-heating-bed-table-31.jpg ) . 
  anyone attempting to pinch my cheek or nose will get slapped in 2 nanoseconds or less . 
  guys like this exist , i 've been hit on by them . 
  hahah , yeah , i kind of feel the same , but i also liked how the picture came out . 
  they were n't posing , they were just getting their stuff together to leave . 
  i thought you guys here would appreciate it :-), 
  are you kidding me !? 
  this must be the first time i came close to having met someone from reddit . 
  just one degree of separation :-), 
  you know cool people . 
  thank you so much !, 
  no i never pose people . 
  this is photojournalism , but came out so pretty . 
  yes would be great if someone was actually attempting the lifestyle . 
  i 'd be interested to see that for sure . 
  but in this case it was just one weekend , more a re-enactment . 
  althought many people from the group take this very seriously . 
  thank you so much , i was going for that . 
  thanks so much !, 
  it 's a full frame too :-), 
  haha , no , it 's totally not an accident ... 
  thanks for the appreciation !, 
  here is a couple more for you - [ 1 ] ( https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/t31.0-8/14468353_10157648909350226_9203189567635594375_o.jpg ), 
  theirs or mine ? 
  yes for sure , they 're doing what they love, 
  the renaissance is ( kind of ) an accident , but they were going for the dark ages, 
  amazing !, 
  is your mom tracey by any chance ? 
  too bad , you missed a really great weekend . 
  i was there on the day when ask were taking in new members , taking pictures . 
  so maybe we met ? 
  i do , yes !, 
  i 've seen some of the videos , they are very cool . 
  i was thinking of the viking ( peacetime ) lifestyle in particular , but have been told that there are no villages where people have chosen to live like that . 
  i did n't even think of that , thanks for the input , that 's very interesting . 
  thank you , glad you like it !, 
  people back then knew what they were doing :-), 
  thanks so much !, 
  they do both . 
  this is a big group , almost 200 people , and they are mostly focused on viking-age battle skills as far as i can tell . 
  they get together twice a week to practice fighting with axes , spears , swords and knives .
