  does your girlfriend touch her clit at all during sex ? 
  if not , she should definitely try that . 
  when she feels that she 's too sensitive , i 'm guessing that she 's close to orgasm . 
  it 's important for her to keep going when she reaches that point !, 
  if she feels sensitive to the point that it becomes uncomfortable , she should apply less pressure to her clit and move slower . 
  if it just starts feeling uncomfortable , not pleasurable any more , then take a break . 
  you do know when you have an orgasm , but it takes time and practice for them to become stronger , so the first ones might just pass by almost unnoticed . 
  it 's best to relax and go with the motion and feeling , not try to work towards orgasm , but just enjoy the whole experience . 
  not think about it too much , she 'll know when she has one . 
  your gf could try to make herself orgasm without your help , just as a way to get to know her body better . 
  also i find that cumming without a dick inside is easier . 
  and during sex , clenching ( tightening her kegel muscles ) can make her orgasm easier . 
  pounding can feel great !, 
  but save it for when she 's very turned on , when she 's close to the finish line , shall we say . 
  and of course , touching her clit at the same time . 
  any time someone passes me , only to have me catch up with him at the next stop light , i ( honestly ! ), 
  think `` he must be feeling so foolish now '' . 
  moe is wonderful !, 
  i melted seeing his picture : -3 wish you all the best with him !, 
  doing what i feel like doing , instead of what everyone else expects me to . 
  thinking what is it that i think of people , instead of what do they think of me . 
  not trying to live up to arbitrary timelines , but setting my own goals and reaching them in my own time . 
  a good friend once told me that `` life is what you make it '' and it 's so so true , i was floored by the simpleness of the idea . 
  so basically , you do what you feel is right for you , and then you are doing `` the right thing '' . 
  i 'm not saying be self-centered and to hell with everyone else though !, 
  but rather - make yourself happy , and that will make the people around you happy as well . 
  ( my happiness is inextricably tied up in the happiness of my circle of people ) . 
  also , [ ego death ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ego_death ), 
  they 're there , beside the naked man in the tree ... 
  this is such a great question !, 
  my introduction into dissent was free children of summerhill , by a.s. neill . 
  i continued with 100 years of solitude , by marquez , then on to doors of perception by aldous huxley . 
  i second catch 22 and the hitchikers ' guide , as everyone said . 
  kafka 's the trial does n't fit neatly in this list , but i love it so i 'm including it anyway . 
  john berger , ways of seeing and society of spectacle by guy debord , about what things/people really are vs how we present them . 
  also seconding brave new world and 1984 . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/3wncsl/the_spilled_ink_on_my_finger_looks_like_a_forrest/ ), 
  have you managed to sign the petition ? 
  i tried , but it keeps linking me to a social network . 
  had a similar experience growing up with an emotionally distant father , so i would also say that a positive male/female influence is more important than a father/mother . 
  the elephant 's child or how the elephant got it 's trunk , by rudyard kipling ? 
  it would depend which edition though . 
  like a cooked foot - a stuck-up , arrogant person . 
  i was around 2 years old , and would play a game with my grandpa - i would push him , and he would pretend-fall to the ground . 
  i grew up believing i had super powers . 
  same here !, 
  internet . 
  a female friend had invited me to come along for a kind of double date . 
  i had met the guy she had in mind for me previously , but was n't very interested in him romantically , just thought it would be a nice opportunity to hang out . 
  important for the story , my friend , let 's call her a , had another female friend she used to hang out with a lot . 
  i arrive at the club to find the guy already there , and no one else had yet arrived . 
  the first thing he says to me `` i thought you 'd be the other one . '', 
  the other one was blonde . 
  slow and easy for sure !, 
  this is usually best even for non-virgins . 
  the unbearable lightness of being , m. kundera . 
  such a negative work , i tried to forget it as soon as i had finished reading it . 
  came here to say that it very much does matter what you eat !, 
  the same amount of calories from processed sugar v.s. 
  veggies , protein , etc , will do different things to your body . 
  reading material : that sugar book . 
  for me , i gave up on processed food , gave up on refined sugar completely and simple carbohydrates ( pasta , white bread , etc ) . 
  it 's made an incredible difference . 
  buy primary , non-processed ingredients , make your own meals , check for added sugar in everything ( ketchup , yogurt , etc ) . 
  exchange unhealthy snacks for healthy ones like nuts and fruits . 
  it really does n't take that much extra time to make yourself a healthy meal , and it will be so worth it in the long run !, 
  good luck !, 
  i 'll give you two good reasons why suicide is not an option :, 
  because you are not looking to get out of being alive , but out of the life that you are living . 
  there 's a huge difference there , and it 's possible . 
  but if you choose suicide , you are effectively ruining your chances of having that better life . 
  * it does get better . 
  lock , stock and two smoking barrels . 
  pre-2000 but still brilliant . 
  are you looking only for older recollections , wwii and similar , or are you equally interested in newer experiences ? 
  i lived through the nato bombing of serbia in 1999 , feel free to send me a pm and ask away . 
  alright , thanks for asking / u/justincoombsart and / u/gobeklitapas , i 'll do that . 
  the bombing was strategic , carried out by nato over the course of about 3 months , on the territory of kosovo and serbia in the spring of 1999 . 
  i was 17 yrs old , in high school , living in belgrade with my family . 
  this is purely from my point of view as a teenager then . 
  i wo n't go into the political background of the bombing , and i wo n't talk about the big events , that 's something you can google . 
  the targets were mostly military , although there was a lot of what they called `` collateral damage '' at the time , meaning many civilians got killed . 
  in total it was about 2 500 dead in the 3-month bombing . 
  these are some of the images and recollections i was left with :, 
  - on the first days we would all run down to the basement of our building any time we heard the [ alert sirens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n58kun-tjjy ) , but later on we gave it up . 
  it would happen several times per day . 
  the basement did n't offer any protection , so when the sirens would come on , i would go for a walk outside , everything used to be empty and quiet . 
  - i smoked a lot and ate a lot of chocolate to calm anxiety . 
  many of the adults were self-medicating against anxiety . 
  - birds disappeared . 
  there used to be many sparrows before the bombing , and they are still not back in the same numbers . 
  - there was a huge spike in nationalism , perception became very black and white , it was us against them . 
  - i remember lying in bed at night , and hearing rockets approaching . 
  they are deafening and sound like airplane engines very close by . 
  - i rationalized the possibility of being killed - if i get struck and die , it will happen in an instant and i wo n't be aware of it . 
  if i do n't get struck and survive , also good . 
  i did not want to think about the possibility of being wounded and living , or about family members or friends dying . 
  - school was out . 
  - all the windows were taped over with masking tape , to protect against glass shattering on impact . 
  there was a lot of black humor going around to deal with the events , and the windows were called - windows ' 99 .
