  doing the laundry . 
  being good with kids . 
  being good with animals . 
  cleaning !, 
  being a good host . 
  being a good friend . 
  of course the man has to be sexy to begin with , but i 'll only notice it in this kind of circumstance . 
  edit : is this strange ? 
  til that the head of a suicide bomber detaches from the body and looks fine afterwards . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't have anything to add to this conversation , but i 'd be curious to know how you found out about this ? 
  that 's something i never think of , it 's a nice question . 
  one of my fondest memories of my mom is from when we visited a national park . 
  i was about 12 yrs old . 
  she had just 4 days off from work , for the first time in 2 years . 
  it took her some time to get into the holiday mode , and by the fourth day , she had completely relaxed . 
  we decided to go abseiling on the last day , and a storm was closing in . 
  we still had a long drive ahead to get home , and our roles had reversed . 
  she enjoyed it so much , that she did n't feel one descent was enough . 
  i was the one saying `` mom , we have to go , it 's going to start raining and will be nighttime soon '' , while she was like `` nooo , i want to have another go '' . 
  when strange stuff is happening in your life , be aware that this will make a cool story later on . 
  step back and view the situation from a future perspective . 
  makes things easier as well . 
  sitting on the ground in front of the tv as a child , and i feel a slight itch on my left shoulder . 
  i figure it 's a fly and just flex my arm a bit to make it go away . 
  the itch does n't go away and i turn and come face to face with [ this thing ] ( http://www.ispotnature.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/scaled/images/40948/789a14e7d3cdd51b65e40b9a12048785.jpg ) , perched on my shoulder , centimeters from my face , it 's antennae twitching and reaching toward my eyes . 
  obviously i jump up screaming and do the `` get it away from me '' square dance . 
  they 're called parktown prawns in south africa , where this happened , they eat meat and will attack and bite when threatened . 
  fun fact : they exist elsewhere too . 
  their name in new zealand , [ weta ] ( https://www.google.rs/search?q=g&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=4gckvokfeym5swh42a4y#q=weta+meaning+in+maori ) , is a maori word meaning `` god of ugly things '' . 
  a bit late getting back . 
  well , i read the book about a year ago , and do n't remember much of it anymore . 
  but i remember reading it i was left with a feeling that nothing we do in life matters . 
  you can be a doctor , or you can be a window-washer , whatever , it 's all the same . 
  then that depressing , disfunctional relationship between thomas and tereza . 
  and tereza 's lack of reasoning behind anything she wants or does , kind of goes hand in hand with the general feeling of the novel , nothing matters and everything is arbitrary . 
  also the way kundera presents some opinions , etc , that does n't leave room for the reader to make anything of it , it 's just didactic . 
  overall the whole novel left me with a kind of blah taste . 
  there was one or two points i liked , like in chapter 23 , part 6 , where he speaks of each one of us needing someone 's `` look '' and the different categories we fall under . 
  have you read the book ? 
  did you like it ? 
  i had it warmly recommended , and would really like to know what it is people see in the novel . 
  maybe i missed something . 
  there is a good website/forum that you could take a look at : http://madjarsko-drzavljanstvo.iz.rs/, 
  the problem is it 's in serbian , but you could use chrome to translate , and post any questions in english . 
  there is a lot of information on it , as well as people who have gained hungarian citizenship . 
  the free children of summerhill , read it when i was 14 and it has influenced my perspective incredibly . 
  that 's gigantic : - o, 
  upvoted for the onomatopoeia . 
  fifa guy and football guy , respectively . 
  first of all forget everything you 've seen in porn . 
  do n't give up on clit stimulation just yet . 
  a clit is the most sensitive part of a woman 's body , more sensitive than the head of a penis . 
  so it needs a very , very light touch . 
  if she experienced pain from you touching her , at least it means you were probably in the right spot . 
  but go very gently . 
  the best feeling is to have constant , rhythmic stimulation . 
  do n't go any harder , do n't go any faster . 
  to be sure you 're hitting the spot , use two whole fingers , and lay them over the whole clit , do n't just try to hit the spot with the tip of one finger , because chances are you 'll miss it . 
  experiment with her , see what feels good to her , and let her guide you . 
  thinking about what others think of me , instead of thinking about what my opinion is of them . 
  also , trying to fit in . 
  masturbation . 
  a mother shouting at a toddler - stop running , you 'll fall . 
  the toddler falls , then the mother starts beating him for falling . 
  that made me squeal !, 
  first time seeing a gif on this sub . 
  i find this quite sweet , and i 'm a woman . 
  including some cameras . 
  i see :-) sounds like both you and your friend have great relationships with your wives . 
  ever wonder if the two of them were also sharing nudes of you and your friend between them ? 
  no , but i would marry the person i slept with two persons ago . 
  another one for bernie . 
  seriously , what 's up with people voting for trump ? 
  beautiful , natural and good taste in clothing !, 
  alone : one finger on the clit , another finger on the g-spot . 
  with a partner : one finger on the clit , a dick on the g-spot . 
  although , i do find that with a partner , i cum even easier with a finger on the clit , just after he withdraws . 
  example , if we 're using the withdrawal method , i will cum the moment that he starts cumming , a second or two after he takes his penis out . 
  anyone else have this experience ? 
  hahaha !, 
  that 's not how you do it marty, 
  when he said he was n't interested . 
  being disease-free . 
  no need for a longer life , just good health , from birth to death . 
  welcome !, 
  i may have overshared , haha, 
  weight and volume are different things . 
  piercings . 
  from a female perspective , the way you phrased it sounds alright . 
  i 'd be ok with hearing something like that from a partner , and would take it in the best way . 
  a fishy smell can mean a bacterial infection which she may not be aware of , so you would be doing her a favour bringing it up . 
  of course , talk to her in person , do n't text . 
  also , take the opportunity to talk to her about it outside of any sexy , intimate situation . 
  do n't bring it up when you are about to have sex , or are cuddling , or have just had sex . 
  awesome !, 
  flaps ? 
  and have you yourself tried this out on a woman and made her come instantly ? 
  sounds like it would be uncomfortable at best . 
  outer labia , not flaps . 
  and what you 're calling the vagina is the vulva .
