  and the hole is the vagina . 
  have you ever tried that ? 
  it just sounds uncomfortable . 
  and using an air compressor sounds downright dangerous . 
  you 've actually tried it ? 
  and a girl came this way ? 
  this is the first i hear of it , and i 'm in my thirties and have a vagina , haha . 
  i have no sense of humour . 
  ( thank goodness they are kidding . ), 
  we were at different life stages , which made us incompatible . 
  after the breakup , time helped , and being absolutely determined not to hate them . 
  sending good thoughts their way . 
  after some time passed , focusing on my life , new people in my life , and finally finding a new love ( r ) . 
  this makes me want to physically hurt someone . 
  but it 's very cute sushi though . 
  [ tardigrades ] ( http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150313-the-toughest-animals-on-earth ) - tiny 1mm animals , can survive being frozen , dried , boiled , and subjected to radiation . 
  unfairness and condescension . 
  i 'll assume he has emotional issues . 
  hello , thanks for doing this ama !, 
  where do you work as an editor , what kind of photography is your work about if i may ask ? 
  i am interested in photojournalism , and would be very glad to hear your thoughts on these :, 
  - any tips you may have on creating a visual story , a photo essay - ideal number of photos , how to create the rhythm of the story , captions , etc. . . 
  - what would you say is a great online photography portfolio in terms of presentation ? 
  - conversely , what should one avoid when making an online portfolio ? 
  - what should a freelance photojournalist keep in mind when making a pitch to an editor ? 
  - and of course , how to get into the industry ? 
  again , thanks a lot for your time !, 
  nop , not funny . 
  here , have a downvote . 
  `` i can do anything . '', 
  no , no you ca n't . 
  thank you so much for taking the time to give such detailed answers !, 
  it means a lot , and it 's especially interesting hearing how things look from the editor 's point of view . 
  it had n't occurred to me that an editor is putting themself on the line when they hire a photographer , and that is very valuable . 
  i checked out your website , looks very interesting !, 
  i may get in touch with you once i 'm happy with my portfolio . 
  i wish you the best of luck in your projects !, 
  serbia \\ o /, 
  serbian as well here , it 's just too painful to follow local elections ... 
  yep . 
  we have our trumps , our hillarys and cruzes , but no bernie . 
  this is probably a guy posing as a woman . 
  most likely scenario , there is no woman at all , just the guy . 
  least likely scenario , there is a woman , and she really is into watching you get massaged by her ` male friend ' . 
  but probably not . 
  try searching for her pics online , on an image search engine , like tineye . 
  trust me on this , i 'm a mod on a dating site . 
  i 've been working online as a freelancer for over 4 years now , here are my suggestions if that 's what you 're looking for :, 
  make a profile on one of the websites offering work-online opportunities . 
  best one in my opinion is upwork . 
  also ok are freelancer , indeed and peopleperhour . 
  you can also browse jobs on workinstartups and remoteok . 
  another thing to do is to figure out what it is you can do online , and then think about which of these sites is best for your needs . 
  good luck !, 
  it 's definitely possible if you 're looking to work as a freelancer . 
  having sex cowgirl , his penis bent on the upstroke . 
  apparently , penises can break . 
  and i was also sore for a few days . 
  another time , having sex on rough rocks , on the beach , missionary position . 
  i bruise easily , and my whole back looked like i had been stoned . 
  and not in a good way . 
  pain receptors dull when you 're having sex , so i could not feel the ground scraping at my back while we were at it . 
  only started feeling it later ... 
  it was definitely worse for him . 
  looks like the perfect size ( good girth as well :-) . 
  he can fetch it , but can you throw it ? 
  ah yes , very much so !, 
  i had to look twice as well !, 
  did n't even notice the camo , funny . 
  also the guys in the top right with the white caps , a giveaway . 
  a case of life imitating art . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  it popped up in my news feed , photo taken by an acquaintance . 
  i loved it , could n't not share it . 
  i 'll try and find it ;-), 
  edit - no , seems that 's the highest he put online . 
  thanks for your appreciation !, 
  and i 'm especially glad that you linked to the photographer 's website . 
  i felt it would n't be right for me to do it , so i 'm glad someone else did . 
  when you take a look at his photography , you actually see that the renaissance look is not an accident , he is going for it :-), 
  the responses on this sub have been a really nice surprise , i 'm glad to see how many people also found this image beautiful and commented on some fine details . 
  same here !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm glad to see so many people also loved this photo . 
  hahaha !, 
  this is the most upvotes i 've seen on a single post , and deservedly so . 
  became so sick through self neglect brought on by a bad relationship , that i could have died . 
  guns . 
  i 'll make it short :-), 
  stop thinking about what people are thinking of you , and start paying more attention to what you think about people . 
  i ca n't stress this enough . 
  if you think of yourself as strange or different from others in some way , own it . 
  do n't try to fit in against your beliefs or feelings of who you are as a person . 
  and , when going into a room full of strangers , for instance at a house party , think of the people there as potential friends . 
  very nice !, 
  yes !, 
  i 've been here . 
  even when you are abused and hurt , the love does n't go away . 
  it just becomes one in a layer of feelings you have towards your boyfriend .
