damn i wish i could be as naive and simple minded as these guys . 
  oh it 's easy , you just have to run head-first into a wall a few hundred times . 
  another ex-muslim here . 
  it 's as simple as this : if europeans want to bury their heads in the sand when it comes to islam , then they frankly deserve what they get . 
  islam is a violent religion and it 's not going away . 
  face up to it . 
  this kills labour . 
   i want my massive eu army . 
  that 's a bad idea for so many reasons i do n't know where to start . 
  how about no . 
  why a parachute ? 
  fuck off , your sons are not the victims here . 
   but about people in humanitarian work or fighting among the free syrian army . 
  hahaha . 
   i got warned by multiple people in the east end of london last week not to drink outside because the sharia police wannabies were beating people up lately . 
  the english are in denial about this stuff . 
  they know a muslim or two at work and they are nice people so stop the fear-mongering katie hopkins , and so on and so forth ... 
  the heat will come off belgium when london gets hit . 
   belgium 's counterterrorism abilities are limited by a constitutional ban on ethnic profiling and other laws , ** including a ban on home searches between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. ** haha . 
  pathetic . 
   last time i checked , over 800 british citizens left for syria , of which half are back in the uk , living `` in their midst '' . 
  there 's no doubt that belgian intelligence services fucked up but the exact same thing is going on in the uk and everywhere else in europe . 
  this was no `` fuck up '' . 
  it was fully intentional - they did not want them here . 
  one of the famous isis guys was even doing tv interviews before he went . 
  he gloated over `` slipping past '' the security services , as if they did n't know what he was doing . 
   it should be pretty obvious that collecting and sharing of all kinds of data and intelligence in eu is more likely with member states , than with countries outside of the union . 
  nope , it 's not at all obvius . 
  the uk , for example , has a vast intelligence sharing programme with the us , far more than the rest of europe . 
  being in or out of the eu is largely irrelevant to intelligence sharing . 
  there is something deeply wrong with this woman . 
  islam is just so lovely , is it not ? 
  it 's amazing that britain has become like this . 
  i 'm not used to it . 
  in my mind , people who say offensive things are basically ridiculed or ignored , but to actually be arrested , that 's a paradigm shift . 
   all throughout history and right up to the modern day , where we 're nearly even in ... population actually , in the napoleonic era ( early 1800s ) the population of france was about three times that of england . 
   coming over here and taking hard working british mutants rations . 
  if they feed on human flesh , that could take a bit of pressure off the nhs . 
  like , snails and shit ? 
   a canadian transgender father left behind a wife and seven children to begin a new life as a six-year-old girl . 
  i just laughed , honestly , at this point , the lunatics are running the asylum . 
   the immigrants is a different matter . 
  frustration for life . 
  we know what that leads to . 
  go back to the ghetto . 
   but they graduate on average 5 years earlier with a masters degree than germany or switzerland , no ? 
  most british universities are dismal . 
  i 'd say only about 10 are decent . 
  colour me shocked ... 
  the reason for this is mostly down to shitty parents who treat teachers like the enemy . 
   what does napoleon have to do with anything lol ? 
  he made france into a great empire . 
  now france is being bullied and pushed around by north african apes . 
   by what fucking logic is greece to blame for any of this ? 
  it 's not , this is bullshit and no one is going to buy it . 
  we all know this mess is due to germany , france and scandinavian countries . 
  130 people murdered in paris and france 's response has been ... well , very little . 
  i 'd say europe is already second-rate , and napoleon is rolling in his grave . 
  i had always thought the left were out to thought-police the masses , and here we are . 
  fascism has been on the rise for years in europe , just not from the direction people were expecting . 
  correct , because you 'd be giving power to broken , pointless , costly institutions that simply ca n't ( or wo n't ) serve their intended purposes . 
  the migrant crisis has shown us pretty clearly that europe ca n't get its shit together . 
  complete and utter cluster fuck . 
  sorry guys , but i 'm voting out . 
   but in some cases women have assumed seats in the government that would not be possible in iraq what do you mean ? 
  the kurdish regional government is run by the barzani family , it is not a democracy . 
  the iraqi parliament is mandated to have at least 25 % of mps being women , and they are democratically elected . 
  the mayor of baghdad is a woman . 
   iraqi kurdistan is also more progressive with religious freedom . 
  there 's not much evidence for this . 
  islam is the official religion of iraq , but in practice , the government could n't care less what religion you follow , or if you do n't follow any at all . 
  the politicians are busy trying to syphon off state funds into their own pockets , your religious beliefs are of no interest to them . 
   him being kurdish and acting in the name of daesh is actually quite a surprise . 
  it 's actually not if you are familiar with the region . 
  kurds have sold the west this idea that they are secular liberal democrats who happen to be in the middle east . 
  it 's bullshit . 
   where did it went wrong ... 
  when europe let the left vaporise principles , community , culture and heritage . 
  saving-a-boat-from-sinking-by-removing-water-with-a-cup . gif, 
  sounds like she 's just capitalising on an opportunity . 
  turkey is playing the same game saudi arabia has been playing for decades : nurture terrorists , keep and eye on them , use them as leverage in the west . 
  have journalists heard of betteridge 's law of headlines ? 
   i find it funny that modern feminism refuses to consider her a success story your average 22 year-old slutwalker probably has little interest in important british historical figures , even very recent ones . 
  * crosses finland off list of places to visit *, 
  that would be too honest . 
  so what passes for `` life '' in swedenstan these days ? 
  5 months ? 
  is it racist to keep them in prison longer than that , my dear , foolish swedish friends ? 
  bring on the brexit !, 
  four lions ? 
  nope , six pussies . 
  this is fantastic . 
  do n't blame erdogan , there is always some regressive idiot out there wanting to take his country back to the stone age . 
  the blame falls squarely on the turkish people for putting him in power . 
  he came through by vote , fair and square . 
  this guy knows what he 's talking about . 
  not often you see that in the independent . 
  no inappropriate touching !, 
  in 10 years we will be . 
  right now , we 're not .
