  our primary concern should be our security . 
  if isis gets replaced by some other group that is less intent on murdering people on our streets , then i 'm all for it , i do n't really care if it 's assad or his enemies . 
  the middle east is a mess well beyond our abilities to fix . 
  their animosities ( many , many of them ) go back milliennia , and they are going to continue after we 're dead and buried . 
  what europe and russia needs to do is send a clear message : attack our civilians and we will destroy you . 
  no ifs , no buts . 
  all else is secondary . 
  saddam ended up swinging from a rope . 
  there was n't much reason to go after the taliban , they did n't attack the west and did n't really threaten us much . 
  as for al qaeda , this was america 's responsibility . 
  al qaeda attacked the us , but they us decided not to go after them for various political reasons . 
  you could not reasonably expect europe to destroy al qaeda when the us did n't want it . 
  now isis is a different kettle of fish , they have just murdered 130 europeans and are fully intent on murdering many more . 
  we have no choice but to go after them , and fuck the us and what it thinks . 
   but i ca n't help but think we 're going headlong into another war with no plan on how to finish it . 
  what 's certain is that we want isis destroyed . 
  not just hurt , but obliterated . 
  as for plans , this is a political battle on-going between the west and the russian-syrian-iranian axis . 
  it will eventually be sorted out , but in the meantime , isis must be engaged . 
  in fact , this is probably the only thing that all powers agree on right now . 
  france is the top military power in europe . 
  if anyone is going to bust isis ass , it 's them , and if they do n't do it , who will ? 
  if corbyn can hold on as leader for a few years , then , god willing , labour 's chances of election into government will be obliterated . 
  sorry , but she 's wrong on this . 
   corbyn is a fucking idiot . 
  the one good thing about corbyn is that he is unelectable . 
   coming from the grauniad though this is fucking rich , indeed . 
  raqqa and mosul . 
  germany . 
  i 'm surprised not more people are saying this . 
  the british , getting others to build shit for them because they fucking forgot how to do it themselves . 
  makes you proud , right ? 
  you 're right , there 's a lot of hot air and not nearly so much talent . 
  however , this is to be expected when the barrier to entry is low , as it is in london ( compared to other european cities ) . 
  this is the * independent * , they probably trawled through lots of cases before they managed to find a non-muslim example . 
  western europe has really , really fucked this up . 
  this is the consequence of leftist ideals . 
  the stuff he says is bat-shit crazy . 
  they are the kind of ideas a teenager would have . 
   after years of cuts , the uk still voted david cameron in with a new majority not everyone was against cuts , e.g. , me . 
  i know they are painful , but they were necessary , and in the end , the economy rebounded well . 
  yes , but the german government would rather look bad than let db collapse . 
  investment banks are toxic , which is why i am bemused by the leftists ' and remainers ' sudden love affair with them . 
  and also the europeans gloating about the banks leaving london , like that 's supposed to be a bad thing . 
  london and finance are not synonymous . 
  even if your rice was made of paper , it would still be cheap . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  i do n't want finance to be such a big part of the economy . 
  this is completely false . 
  spot on . 
  the shias are on some silly `` resistance '' crusade . 
  the sunnis suck western dick and pay for the privilege of doing so . 
  the choice of ally is a no-brainer . 
  thankfully , he does n't make the big decision . 
   golden dragon chinese restaurant in newham , east london , was described by inspectors as the worst they had seen . 
  no surprises . 
  newahm is just generally filthy . 
  tories never pretended to be socialists . 
  the financial sector is not just these handful of banks . 
  it would still be significant even if they all left . 
  but you 're right , it 's a complex issue and i ca n't be bothered to argue about it over the internet . 
  no they did n't . 
  the financial sector is proportionally larger in the uk than in france . 
  we were hurt most in europe . 
  did i say we bailed them out ? 
  nobody likes goldman sachs either . 
  eight years ago , the champagne socialists pretended to be outraged by these banks when they utterly fucked our economy ( did more damage than brexit will , that 's for sure ) . 
  now those same seem to have a love affair with the banks . 
  they have shown their true colours . 
  i would n't want to inflict goldman sachs even on the french , but if you guys want them , then take them . 
  i 'm not trying to make it sound simple , but in the end this is a summary of what it amounts to - muslims have let their religion dominate every aspect of their societies . 
  it does n't work because a religion founded 14 centuries ago is not suitable as the constitution of a 21st century functional state . 
  they come to the west to escape the effects of this , then they insist islam is the solution . 
  yes i do , but there you go . 
  they come here to get away from their shity cultures . 
  then once they are here , they fuck the place up like they fucked up their own places . 
  they have no interest in opening their minds to the new place they live in , no interest in being part of the society they are in . 
  they ghetto-ise , segregate and develop animosity towards everyone else . 
  muslims believe the world is to be conquered by islam , through war or conversion . 
  they have no respect whatsoever for others . 
  like i said , different breed to those who came to build britain . 
  yeh , nothing wrong with economic migrants . 
  those were a different breed . 
  they went seeking prosperity , i.e. , to work , not to impose their culture and beliefs on the places they emigrated to . 
  i doubt the murderers were white in this case . 
  lost cause europe . 
  you guys think this is a good thing do n't you ? 
  `` experts '' talk a lot of shit . 
  people care about the economy . 
  there 's nothing more pressing than paying the rent and feeding your kids . 
  the french are n't all artists and philosophers . 
  most of them are normal . 
  come on , this is silly . 
  we 're all thinking the same thing . 
  say it like it is , do n't implicate non-muslim asians in this . 
   the uk government could 've done that at any time they wanted at a moment 's notice in fact , they simply did n't because they wanted to remain in the eu . 
  the eu ca n't stop a sovereign government doing anything , it can only kick them out out the club if you show an unwillingness to follow the club rules . 
  we 're doing that now , and what happened ? 
  we got told we would be punished , that it would be too complicated , that it was practically impossible , that it would devastate the economy . 
  so you have this theoretical ability to withdraw from the union any time you like , but try to actually do it and there will be hell to pay .
