  indeed , many billions . 
  german exports to the uk will plummet . 
  if the system ca n't allow people to leave without breaking the system , then it is a shitty system . 
  did you get punched in the eye ? 
  i ca n't figure it out , why do n't you tell me ? 
  yeh , and the europeans have all been begging city firms to move to their countries post-brexit . 
  we 're all moral until we have the opportunity to not be . 
  you think the rest do n't ? 
  well , you ca n't be christian if you insist on being jewish ... and it works the other way round . 
  since you europeans love him so much , can we arrange an exchange ? 
  you can have eddie izzard and we can not have eddie izzard . 
  monaco is n't even a real country . 
  we outnumber you , so do n't be surprised . 
  the eu that wants to fuck us hard for leaving is not `` us '' . 
  the us is our friend in this fight . 
  you 're right , but it 's no excuse for anything isis does , and no western country created the ideology that isis follows ; that is firmly rooted in islam . 
  the terrorists attacking us are not the iraqi people doing so in response to the iraq war , they are a different group of people , with different motives . 
  you ca n't conflate the two . 
  itt : europeans angry britain is preventing islamic terror attacks . 
  itt : europeans thinking islamic terror attacks are a fiction created by gchq . 
  so , how many acts of mass murder do you people need to in order to be convinced that this is all real ? 
  are you people stupid ? 
  because you do n't seem to learn anything . 
  edit : btw , your governments all cooperate with the uk and us in security matters , these intelligence services have likely saved lives of people in your countries many times ( something of a tradition , you might say ) . 
  if you do n't like it ( and lets be honest , when it comes to a matter of life and death , you do like it ) , then you could always petition your own governments not to cooperate . 
  the reason isis announced they would send terrorists with refugees was to encourage europe to halt the flow of refugees , which they want because they want to rule over those people . 
  isis will use * every * method they can to insert terrorists into europe . 
  you 're hopeless . 
  actually , i think it will get worse . 
  juncker , is that you ? 
  well said , my friend . 
  nice to see some non-britons on the same page as us . 
   it 's too conservative and stiff for my taste . 
   2 girl friends of mine who have swiss husbands i think most places would be too conservative for you , mate . 
  * basel switzeland, 
   with the intention to force a judicial review . 
  is n't remain constantly saying this was only an advisory result not a legally-binding one ? 
  how could there be a judicial review of something that was not a legal matter ? 
  thanks for the error_correction . 
  i hear this a lot from europeans , but my impression is the opposite . 
  the british seem to me to be quite insecure . 
  one of the most surprising things to me in this whole brexit thing ( i voted leave ) is just how much europeans equate the * institution * of the eu with the * nations * of europe , and therefore see our rejection of the eu as a rejection of them . 
  nothing could be further from the truth . 
  it would probably be futile at this point to try to convince you guys of that , but i do hope that in the immediate term , in the wake of our departure , you pay very close attention to the people in brussels , and keep them on a very tight leash , and do not let them forget that they are there to serve * you * , not the other way round . 
  thank you for your good common sense . 
  eu ! = europe . 
  eu is an institution , europe is a continent . 
  to place the latter into the lap of the former seems a gross injustice to the constituent nations . 
   how do you know they were leavers ? 
  or even british ? 
  works both ways fellas . 
  there are sooooooo many europeans in the uk . 
  you fuck ours , we fuck yours ... everyone gets fucked . 
  it 's best we separate as friends rather than enemies . 
  i hope everyone who is not french understands this . 
  what can you say , the man is a damned clown . 
  i say this as a leave voter , i hope his career is finished . 
  whatever it is , it will be underwhelming . 
   i really wanted the uk to stay in the eu and i feel truly bad for everyone in the uk that will be hurt by this development , but i 'm also kinda looking forward to an eu without british obstructionism . 
  well , my german friend , i think it will work out well for both of us . 
  we get our freedom and you get europe . 
  we 'll even throw in scotland for free !, 
   the eu ( especially germany ) burnt greece to the ground for no good reason whatsoever . 
  if you think that constitutes good will i do n't want to know what awaits the uk . 
  we voted out for good reason . 
  we took an economic hit that will last for years because we know how germans et al think . 
  are you permanently in porn mode ? 
  he was working class . 
  working class people run business too , you realise ? 
  gove 's father was a working-class scottish fisherman . 
  farage has not been a banker for many years . 
  the investment banks were all remain . 
   edit : also those living of pensions who could die any day now should n't have a vote . 
  this barely affects them . 
  this will affect me for life . 
  oh really . 
   fun fact . 
  i 'm only 16 , it shows . 
   why do so many english politicians who were lobbying for brexit now proclaim `` no hurry guys ! '' ? 
  because it 's better to do it properly than rush it and fuck it up . 
  i think 2-3 years is reasonable to get things sorted out . 
  realistically , it is not going to be done quicker than that . 
  sorry , what ? 
  those are english cities . 
  in the unlikely event we leave and the scots break off , it will truly be their loss , but i would rather they did it sooner than later . 
   the uk is finished if there 's a leave vote tomorrow anyway . 
  dream on . 
   but presented like factual information i can see why you would think that if you have n't read it . 
  that was brutal . 
  i hope she 'll come to regret doing that , but i suspect she wo n't . 
  * african american friday . 
  thanks for the trigger warning , mr soros . 
  i do n't think he 's old enough to vote . 
  well done . 
  if they can fly into buildings they can fly into anything . 
  you 'd be more than welcome , i love the dutch . 
  [ dickheads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvmmymwfj1i ) brexiters know a scam when they see it . 
  can they actually do that ? 
  it 's crazy how casual they are about it . 
  europeans just have a completely different view of independence to what we do ( at least those of us voting leave ) .
