  as one of them said a. 50 was never intended to be used , it was only put in to keep us quiet when we joined . 
  the longer we stay , the harder it will become . 
  the eu leaders have been unambiguous that they want further integration , and there is only so long we can stay in the union and continue scuppering their plans . 
  eventually , they would get their way . 
  you are not sovereign when you ca n't even stop a non-national from entering the country . 
  yes . 
  i refuse to accept the uk being subordinate to any foreign entity . 
  i 'm going to have to somehow square that up with the fact that i am a non-white immigrant . 
  i 'm a brexiter and i 'm quite fond of the polaroids . 
  except that it makes no sense in this case . 
  the us does not co-ordinate with the syrian ground forces . 
  this had been an area where the saa was besieged by isis for about two years . 
  if the us wanted to - for some unusual reason - hit isis when it was in direct confrontation with the saa alone , then it would naturally co-ordinate with the russians . 
  this is basic common sense . 
  yet it just went in and bombed a location that is * known * to be populated by saa . 
  the us has done this a few times in iraq already - hitting iraqi armed forces and dropping supplies into isis-held territory . 
  on those occasions there was room for a plausible denial . 
  here , it 's plain as day . 
  not really . 
  i am being honest when i say i do n't believe in god . 
  i may be wrong , but i really do n't believe in god . 
  plot twist : he intends to spread the gospel . 
  and europe is the least spiritual continent ( apart , maybe , from our favourite counterexample - antarctica ) . 
  nah , we just like to learn from history . 
  mate , you do n't need to go jumping into making it a rule just because its a good idea . 
  you have to give time for countries to get there on their own terms . 
  i support the froggies on this . 
   it was a mistake . 
  they happen . 
  there will be some posturing but nothing much will come from this . 
  it was no mistake . 
  there are only two groups in that area : syrian army , and isis . 
  who exactly was the us planning to bomb ? 
  isis is not going to destabalise europe , for god 's sake . 
  the us does n't give a shit about europe having an uptick in bombings . 
  yeh , so it does n't necessarily have anything to do with isis . 
   more than 50,000 sorties - pitiful +20,000 isis troops killed - pitiful huh ? 
  these numbers do n't make much sense . 
  2.5 sorties to every dead isis fighter ? 
  the us has hit isis when it was backing kurds in syria and iraq , and when the iraqi armed forces were getting close to city centres . 
   and inferiority complexes . 
  oh gosh , you 're one of those ... give yourself a pat on the back akhi . 
   us airforce is responsible for the most isis deaths in this conflict . 
  huh ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  the iraqi armed forces have done the most damage to isis by a long way . 
  and that is thanks mostly to iran . 
  us strikes on isis have been pitiful . 
  the us wants to prolong the war in order to keep muslims fighting with each other . 
  they support isis just enough to do this . 
  they do n't care about the consequences to their own population , never mind ours . 
  the consequences of us support of isis terrorists will be felt in europe . 
  the flags they are flying ( the ones used by the free syrian army ) show how politically-motivated they are . 
  they would not be so keen on alawites fleeing syria 's violence , just their own kind of muslim . 
  reddit does n't actually sound too good to be true . 
  wikipedia , on the other hand ... 
  stupid and dangerous idea , even if you ignore the possibility of this being an instrument of internal suppression . 
  a single currency was a dumb thing to do , you want to have a single army ? 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  you could n't even co-ordinate on handling refugees , how are you going to co-ordinate your sons putting their lives at risk ? 
  and who is going to command it ? 
  the president of europe ? 
  the president of france ? 
  the chancellor of germany ? 
  a committee of representatives of 27 countries ? 
  soldiers survive through morale . 
  protecting your homeland and brothers in arms gives morale . 
  what kind of morale is going to come from fighting for some bureaucrats in brussels ? 
   russia has something like 500 nuclear submarines , err , no . 
  jesus christ ... russia is really overstated as a conventional power . 
  it 's strong , but not that strong . 
  furthermore , it is economically very weak . 
   of course having to answer to 27 states will probably make it impotent rest assured , it wo n't be answering to 27 member states . 
   would n't a combined eu army be in a better position to respond , rather than several individual armies ? 
  that 's the point of nato . 
  i 'm not restricted to being on an island , there is the 85 % of the world that is not part of the eu . 
  how original . 
   why do you think eu would be different ? 
  because it 's not a nation state , lacks democratic oversight and accountability , yet despite all that is heading towards becoming a superstate . 
  the uk has had to deal with fascism in europe before , and i guess it will have to do so again in the future . 
  this army is going to be used to suppress citizens of eu member states . 
  you think this eu army project is good for european citizens ? 
  i 'm astonished that you do n't see the danger . 
  you should be supporting britain in resisting this . 
  mine must be in the post . 
  i 'll just patiently wait for it ... 
  ask / r/unitedkingdom what they thought about brexit pre-referendum , and you 'll see how unrepresentative reddit is . 
  `` british exports of hipsters and metrosexuals surges '' . 
  take them , fellas !, 
  on discount whilst stocks last . 
  they 're not very bright , but they can help you pick out a nice pair of skinny jeans and they would make great lovers for frenchmen . 
  yes . 
  because we care about things beside efficient trade . 
  if barrier-free trade was all the eu was , we would never have even had a discussion about leaving it , never mind actually left it . 
   no point in having an eu army without an eu foreign policy hahaha , so cute . 
  the eu army is not for that . 
  it 's just logic , not eurologic . 
  no i 'm talking about the eu . 
   we 're required to literally do everything that a man does and somehow have and raise children as well . 
  oh really , were you issued a court order ?
