if the czechs leave the eu it has to be called a czechout . 
  it ca n't be called anything else . 
  the netherands and finland have a fierce rivalry on r/europe . 
  i think we can almost all agree , we do n't need a dictatorship in the eu . 
  we also do n't need a populous country that would sent potentially millions more immigrants into europe . 
  going on holiday there in september , ca n't wait looks like a beautiful city . 
  generally when the bubble pops the economy goes to crap , many people lose jobs and so on . 
  if you get layed off , then it becomes an issue , or purchased many houses to rent out . 
  otherwise you 'd be fine really , unless austerity measures are put in , then the quality of life would decrease , but you 'd probably still have a roof over your head . 
  interest rates are the killer , they generally go up after a bubble , as banks can no longer give out cheap credit , so the mortgage becomes a lot more expensive . 
  yeah , a lot of people with no experience with the property market started buying second or third homes to rent out , because again credit was cheap and prices were sky high . 
  but most of it was to do with getting loans because the interest was low . 
  people might need somewhere to live , but here after it , homelessness increased until we ended up with a crisis . 
  i do n't know what the laws in sweden are regarding this , but if you ca n't pay the mortgage , you 're kicked out of the house at least in ireland anyway . 
  basically look at what happened in ireland in 2008 when the bubble popped or spain . 
  basically prices increase massively due to high demand for housing and cheap credit . 
  people then purchase homes on the guise that the value will only go up . 
  then when the bubble pops , people are left with huge unsustainable debts and default . 
  this then means the banks are out of pocket , and will likely collapse if not propped up . 
  this also leads to the collapse of the construction industry , which results in large scale job loss , which in turn hits consumer spending , which in turn slows or contracts the economy which in turn ( again ) means more job loss as consumer spending has dried up ( due to fear from economic shock ) . 
  this basically repeats for a few years until the economy regains confidence again . 
  pros : ( all during bubble ) rapidly expanding economy high employment strong consumer spending low government debt good credit rating cons : ( after bubble ) economic shock economic recession job loss high debt ( household and government , as both incomes will shrink ) collapse of consumer spending lower credit rating, 
  oh my god those poor ~ ~ smugglers ~ ~ ngo 's who are totally not the one 's making money by sending people out in dangerous boats into a dangerous sea . 
  how dare italy try and stop their amazing work / s, 
  the tricolour represents the country to the south of you not the ira . 
   we will not surrender to cold blooded murderers uvf . 
  ring a bell ? 
  unionists ai n't all roses and sunshine either . 
   it 's not done to provoke , indimidate so that 's why half of n.i ends up in the republic on the 12th ? 
   in northern ireland , where almost half the population is from an irish catholic background , the twelfth is a tense time . 
  orange marches through irish catholic and irish nationalist neighbourhoods are usually met with opposition from residents , and this sometimes leads to violence . 
  many people see these marches as sectarian , triumphalist , supremacist , and an assertion of british and ulster protestant dominance [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_twelfth )  eleventh night bonfires have involved sectarian and loyalist paramilitary displays . 
  symbols of irish nationalism/republicanism ( such as the irish tricolour ) , and symbols of catholicism , are often burnt on the bonfires.the tricolours on such bonfires are often daubbed with sectarian slogans such as `` kill all taigs '' ( kat ) or `` kill all irish '' ( kai ) . 
  effigies , and posters of irish nationalist election candidates , are also sometimes burnt , which has been condemned as inciting hatred.more recently , symbols of immigrant communities , especially the large polish immigrant community , have been burnt on some bonfires . 
  the polish association of northern ireland , and others , described this as racist intimidation . 
  [ picture 1 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/lbynbatl.jpg ) [ picture 2 ] ( https://i.redd.it/uxuystsb4l7z.jpg ) btw the dummy represents a catholic . 
  [ picture 3 ] ( https://theirishatheist.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/image.jpg ) with taigs being used as a term to describe catholic in `` kat '' standing for kill all taigs  the racist slogans you are moaning about apologies for moaning about something which is strongly condemned across the globe and an awful thing to do . 
  my bad . 
  it 's the fact you say they 're looked down upon . 
  they should n't even be on the bonfires in the first place.i guess it 's all part of this ` culture ' unionists have . 
  the one built upon the hatred of catholicism and the irish . 
  nope . 
  just the unionists . 
  there are nationalist parades i 'm sure but nothing as baffling and idiotic as these ones . 
  what ? 
  nooooooo everything is fine , just getting rid of the commies / s, 
  basically , it 's a day in northern ireland for unionists ( namely the orange order ) to provoke trouble and light ridiculous bonfires with irish flags and crosses and racist slogans all over the place , because '' * culture * '', 
  ireland , the most boring by weather and disasters , but the craziest people make up for it . 
  annnd turkey is now threatening to release top secret files on us special forcres in syria . 
  nato is obviously as strong as ever . 
  so do i. 
  especially cause i live there . 
  yeah this is true , i do n't want my money 's value fluctuating like a stock market . 
  although in saying that , while advocates might want a cryptocurrency , i doubt most governments would be overly impressed with the idea . 
  i mean sweden is n't far off being a cashless society ( [ source ] ( https://www.google.ie/amp/www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/if-sweden-becomes-the-world-s-first-cashless-society-could-the-uk-be-next-a7438656.html%3famp ) ) only around 1/5th of transactions are done with cash , and i 'd doubt they 'd want to implement a system which offers no stability and makes it hard for businesses to exchange currency to trade if the value is 1 = 1 one day and 0.2 = 1 the next . 
  might as well , money is n't backed by anything of value like gold anymore , it 's value is controlled by monetary policy and stock markets . 
  so having your wealth represented by a stack of paper vs a digital number makes almost no difference other than convenience of using debit or credit cards vs carrying around paper with a number on it . 
  yep , exactly . 
  yeah about 30 % of the growth was immigration , which is fairly significant , but we did have the highest natural increase , which excludes immigration and is just births - deaths . 
  so ... ireland is getting ready for world domination ? 
  no , they are being rescued from the libyan coast and being brought here . 
  instead we should rescue them and put them back in libya instead as stated by my above comment . 
  a deal with morocco could eliminate two routes with one swoop , the libya route as we can deposit them on the moroccan coast and a potential morocco -  spain route . 
  plus the eu has a good bit of sway in morocco trade wise as 46.1 % of their exports when to spain , france and italy . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_morocco ) ), 
  what if we made a deal with egypt , algeria or one of the more stable nations to allow us to deposit them back on their coasts in exchange for money or aid , etc ? 
  could that work ? 
  would it not be a better idea to rescue the refugees and then put them back in libya or wherever ? 
  at least that way it stops the crossings and less people die . 
  there 's probably a reason why this ca n't be done but , it 's still a better idea then letting them drown and better than taking them all into europe . 
  they also do n't grant full free trade either . 
  the uk will be in a fairly desperate position for new trade deals in the event of a hard brexit . 
  the us also is a much larger market and economy than the uk . 
  this means the us will have the upper hand in the negotiations . 
   the usa has plenty of trade deals that are mutually beneficial yes that 's true , however none of them were negotiated by a trump administration . 
  trump wants to put america first , so anything in a deal which would put america in a disadvantaged position or hurt an american industry wo n't happen , plus as mentioned , the uk will be fairly desperate for new trade deals , giving the us another advantage is the negotiations . 
  also none of the other nations were desperate for a free trade deal like the uk will be after a hard brexit . 
  so it might be a ` mutually beneficial ' deal , it will just benefit the uk a hell of a lot less than the us . 
   a five-storey apartment block has collapsed near the southern italian city of naples , and authorities are working to find anyone who may have been trapped . 
  firefighters told sky tg24 that six or seven people are believed to be buried in the rubble in the town of torre annunziata . 
  the news agency ansa quoted witnesses as saying that there was no explosion before the collapse on friday morning but that a train had just passed by on adjacent train tracks . 
  images show the structure partially collapsed , revealing the interior of some apartments . 
  firefighters on long , retractable ladders were checking the stability of an adjacent building in the residential neighbourhood . 
  more to follow . 
  italy , please do us all a favour and close your ports until a better arrangement can be made that does not involve european ships basically doing the work of smugglers , and picking ` refugees ' ( mostly economic migrants ) off the coast of libya . 
  i say we rescue them , and put them right back in libya . 
  even if it means rewriting laws , because that is the best way to deter illegal crossings without letting them all sink to the bottom of the mediterranean . 
  i 've read a lot of reports on this , and they all tend to lean towards a few main points as to why this is happening , and why now . 
  one , of the points is a feeling over alienation due to a rising fear and mistrust of muslims in western nations ( which is somewhat understandable due to isis and attacks ) [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/19/british-muslims-driven-to-extremism-alienated-at-home ) also says that  further , many people still fail to distinguish between the different motivations for brits travelling to the middle east . 
  it struck me how many young muslims want to travel to syria to help with the desperate humanitarian situation , or to join rebels trying to bring down president assad -- a goal that until recently was in line with britain 's own foreign policy . 
  however , the people i spoke to fully expected to be welcomed back to the uk by being arrested , slapped with a tpim and stripped of their passport . 
  there was also another interesting point brought up on language  for a generation of non-arabic speaking muslims for whom the complexities of their faith can be lost in translation , recruiters from groups such as islamic state ( isis ) can play on this vulnerability . 
  as shahid butt , who fought in support of bosnian muslims in the 1990s , told me : `` islam is a very very powerful tool . 
  it 's like a nuclear bomb . 
  if you put a nuclear bomb into the hands of a little kid with no checks and balances , you are going to have a disaster . '' and i think this point is the real reason  in this new reality , muslims have something to cling on to . 
  as kash choudhary , a rapper on the asian grime scene , told me : `` for british pakistanis like me there is a gap . 
  i do n't feel british . 
  when i go to pakistan , i do n't feel pakistani . 
  but i do know that i 'm a muslim -- islam fills that gap not feeling like you have a place in the world is very depressing and can make for easy radicalisation . 
  i 'm not saying these people are faultless and unaccountable for they 're attacks , but there is an element of alienation which leads to radicalisation .
