  it 's basically the same if not worse in the school i went to , people in my higher level irish class would openly question and make fun of the language because the class was literally our teacher getting us to underline some random words on a sheet and write the english next to it while she read out some boring story in irish in the most monotonous way possible . 
  it 's not how you teach a language , especially when irish history and culture has actually interesting stories and mythology , poems etc. 
  we should be taught and read those over being told to write an essay on a car accident and not even know what were writing 90 % of the time . 
  it 's also the fact that irish is a very expressive language and she somehow managed to sound monotone while reading to us . 
  how bad are languages in english schools taught ? 
  i would n't know . 
  i do n't know what it is , it might be because ireland 's air is moist , but 0c in ireland feels worse than most winters on the continent . 
  not to mention instead of snow you get pelted with hailstones , and whipped with freezing cold lashing rain , while the wind threatens to blow you over , while simultaneously cutting through you . 
  but if you wear shorts in winter in ireland i 'll tip my hat off to you buddy , because 99 % of people would n't dare . 
  when the actual teaching of the language is so infuriating , it makes it hard to ever want to try it outside school . 
  unless you go to a gaelscoil , where irish is the only language used to teach . 
  in primary school , you learn about 5 lines of conversation , followed by random objects like table = board . 
  then all you do is learn to spell these random items and then learn about 300 verbs for no other reason then to be able to write an essay on someone in an accident . 
  in secondary school , after 3 years we have an important exam called the junior cert . 
  in order to pass irish , the teachers do n't teach you the language , they give you pages of crap to memorise without even knowing the translation . 
  the same goes for the leaving cert 2-3 years after . 
  so when you get out of school and your experience with the language has been like this you do n't want to try learn it anymore . 
  this sums it up perfectly for me after 13 years learning irish , i can barely hold a basic conversation . 
  after 5 years learning german in school , i can go to germany and get by without using english . 
  i do agree with this to a certain extent . 
  but i also feel if an immigrant wants to come to work and contribute to the society we live in they should be allowed . 
  i 'm not saying we have to let in every randomer from every country , but i have no issues with controlled immigration . 
  they 're only pro-life when your not born . 
  after that they 're more like pro-misery and pro-beingacunt, 
  i 'd love to visit norway , it 's such a breathtaking nation . 
  alright , so there 's no luck of the draw . 
  but do you agree a baby has no control over it 's living conditions ? 
  if the parents are poor so is the baby, 
  ok then , what 's your proposal to change the system ? 
  i 'm open to any suggestions . 
   i work hard , stay through some really , really shitty times and over the years build a good life . 
  one of the majors reasons i contributed to this is so that my children would live a better healthier life . 
  so do the people working in sweatshops for less than $ 2 per day . 
  they also stay through shitty times to try build a better life . 
  the difference is they ca n't . 
  the government might hold all the money in a swiss bank account , or the country could be plagued with disease , famine war etc. 
  if opportunity was present in many really poor countries , do you think they 'd leave their families and homes behind for no reason ? 
  leaving is their best opportunity . 
   children of the people that built the society have , without a doubt , a far greater right to that society , heritage , land that joe schmo on the other side of the world ok that 's fair enough , to an extent , just because the luck of the draw favoured them and the others born in a developed country does n't mean that we should shut the door to immigrants incase of a `` loss of identity '' an identity which has been built be waves of immigration in the first place . 
   you are n't assigned a random land to live in upon birth ... a newborn baby had no influence on who their parents are , where their parents lived at the time of birth or the living conditions their parents had . 
  they also did n't choose to be born into poverty . 
  so yes a baby is effectively randomly assigned it 's living place . 
   i honestly do n't know how you can look at what happened to london or manchester ( not the attacks , just the general loss of identity ) and say , well this is alright . 
  humans are a naturally nomadic species . 
  we tend to move around to different parts of the world as seen in histroy . 
  all i can see is various cultures coming into contact and mixing which will form a new culture with aspects from all people 's involved as seen throughout history in countries across the globe . 
  it 's not a loss of identity , it 's a merging of identities which is a natural thing to happen in the human species, 
  because there is no example as it has n't happened yet . 
  but it is a real possibility . 
  if a country has no immigration and a fertility way under replacement ( 2.1 ) at 1.5 the population falls . 
  so as time goes on more people enter retirement than are born and eventually , retired people who ca n't work or contribute to the pension pot , are the majority in a country . 
  this would n't be ` lowering pensions ot wages for a while ' they would continue to drop until there is no pensions , while government spending is squeezed by retirement homes , health , and pensions for the retired and all of it 's other duties . 
  so it 's not ` scaremongering ' it 's a real risk and problem which countries like spain , italy , japan , and germany will face in the not too distant future . 
   remember this has occurred only in ten years , formerly we were close to 100 % irish or english/scot . 
  in 2006 over 10 % of the country was foreign born , so in 10 years it increased by another 5.5 % to 15.5 % with a pattern of slowing migration as other places are cheaper and better-off . 
   it is about the fact that we live here and ought to live here , other people do not have that right . 
  my ancestors were here 1500 years , is that not a bit unfair ? 
  people ca n't choose where they 're born . 
  if you were born in ethiopia or the congo would you not try and move for better opportunity ? 
  i mean the irish population was created by different cultures coming and mixing in . 
  the celts , vikings , normans and so on . 
  none of these are from ` irish ' places , but they 're genetics is what makes us irish . 
   not the rest , who have not assimilated in several centuries . 
  for a start , every american is the descendant of an immigrant unless from a native american tribe . 
  the population of america at independence was effectively british so europeans did n't assimilate , they were already the largest group , rather they replaced the native population . 
  also america has n't been around for ` several centuries ' it 's been around for 240 years . 
  and most of those immigrants who have n't assimilated , have only began arriving last century . 
  and most who have n't assimilated have only arrived within 10 years . 
  i would also ask you , if you moved abroad , who you cut all ties to your previous culture ? 
   feelings do not last . 
  prosperity does n't last . 
  culture and genetics last . 
  genetics last alright . 
  culture ? 
  not so much . 
  what 's really left of original irish culture ? 
  a practically dead language , a few food dishes , drinks , dances and stories . 
  irish culture is vastly different and could be considered a different culture altogether than the original irish who worshipped nature , obeyed brehon law , used cattle as currency allowed slavery , etc no country has the same culture it had 100 's of years ago . 
  culture is n't a set thing which never changes belonging to a group of people , it 's a dynamic , ever-changing thing which describes the identity of the people who belong to it . 
  fair point alright , i suppose if they were like polish people here they would start off in the ` looked-down upon ' jobs like cleaners until their german improves and they can move up . 
  otherwise , they would require government assistance which is n't favourable due to costs . 
  in hindsight labour from korea or china would 've been more beneficial , but i do n't think many people would support kicking out a million immigrants and replacing them or importing more immigrants at the moment . 
  i 'd beg to differ , restaurants from different cultures does n't mean no irish culture . 
  dublin has plenty of irish people and irish history [ according to this source ] ( http://worldpopulationreview.com/world-cities/dublin-population/ ) 82.7 % of people in dublin are irish . 
  dublin was founded in 841 , and some very important irish history events took place like the easter rising , the beginning of the civil war , the first d\u00e1il , norman invasions , etc. 
  also many other irish cities have many pizza , burrito , chinese , etc places in them and are considered irish so why not dublin ? 
  also there are many old irish pubs and irish restaurants and caf\u00e9s in dublin , giving temple bar as an example is misleading as it was purposefully set up as a tourist area . 
  edit : siad ireland was founded instead of dublin . 
  you think this is bad ? 
  recently they stood outside the departures at dublin airport , holding up pictures of some very grotesque abortions trying to guilt and bully women on their way to getting an abortion in the uk . 
  on the radio the next day , the guy in charge of the ` protest ' was so arrogant arguing ` if people are in favour of abortion , why does it make you angry to see it ? ', 
  some migration into germany is a good thing though is it not ( not waves of a million but some ) because the german population is aging and shrinking , so if there was no immigration germany would n't be able to sustain itself . 
  i mean the fertility rate in germany is around 1.4-1 .5 which is far below the 2.1 replacement rate . 
  i mean ireland has ~ 15.5 % of the population foreign born , and we have n't lost our identity . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but a lot of foreign people integrate fairly well into ireland . 
  obviously not everyone is an angel but the majority do integrate . 
  nobody knows . 
  not even ireland . 
  the world 's greatest mystery ... is ireland alright ? 
  i think it 's a two pronged thing with ireland though .
