  the consumer spending soar in q4 and the subsequent fall in q1 due to the christmas period ( which is heavily comericalised in ireland more than a lot of places ) is one thing , but because the uk economy is also weak in the first quarter , our exports do n't rise as they usually would when domestic demand sinks . 
  this would also be true for the uk , as we import a lot of goods from them . 
  i think it 's to do with the fact that christmas boosts the economy in the last q by a lot and the subsequent fall in consumer spending after the christmas period and all the parties on new years , leads to a negative growth in q 1 most of the time , since the irish economy is fairly reliant on domestic consumption for the economy . 
  welcome to ireland . 
  * sigh *, 
  it happens in ireland too . 
  sometimes first q growth goes negative in ireland and then by the end of the year it 's 3-5 % growth . 
  come to dublin . 
  this looks like dubai in comparison . 
  i do n't know , the uk has n't really shown any care to the other ` border no one will accept ' in ireland . 
  may mentioned it a couple times and that was it . 
  plus , this ` no deal ' rhetoric would mean borders in both areas , and may loves spouting about how ` no deal is better than a bad deal ' dispite it being the worst possible outcome . 
  the british government should know that enforcing a border that cuts off part of a country like cyprus is a bad idea , they should also know that trying to enforce a border which over 600 roads pass through , a border in which it 's openness is vital to the economy of a region of over 1.8 million people , a reigion which has been destabilised over less than a border splitting nearly half of the population from what they consider their country is a bad idea . 
  but am i confident they realise this after triggering article 50 then holding an election which weakened the country , still having no set brexit plan a year after it was voted on , thinking the eu is a cherry bush ripe for the picking and saying ` no deal is better than a bad deal ' ? 
  not even slightly , so i would n't be too suprised if a border did split cyprus even more than it already is . 
  maybe we 're taking over the world ? 
  muhahahaha !, 
  because for most of the year , ireland is cold and rainy , so investing in air conditioning , etc is n't really worth it for the 2ish weeks use you 'd get out of it . 
  i have only 1 ( joke ) issue with this . 
  so many women 's toilets have a queue to use the toilet . 
  men 's toilets generally do n't . 
  this is a problem lol . 
  yay family !, 
  - ireland runs into the corner and cries -, 
  so ireland is n't part of the schengen area , afsj , the divorce law , pr\u00fcm and the symbols . 
  personally i 'd like ireland to join the schengen , afsj and pr\u00fcm , i 'm not bothered about the symbols either way , and i do n't particularly want to be part of the divorce law . 
  it 's actually a hard question to answer , in some ways yes and others no . 
  for example the country as whole is better , we have a good motorway system , public transport , better airports , etc , which means we have an extra quality of life . 
  on the other hand no as way more people are unemployed now then back then . 
  on the other other hand despite recent austerity , welfare would be higher than in 2002 , but on the other other other hand the cost of living is way higher . 
  i 'd say overall , we are as a nation better off now , then ~ 2002 , but we still have some very bad problems that we did n't have as bad back in 2002 , like really bad healthcare . 
  had a bunch of waring tribes , with a high king located on the hill of tara . 
  then had a bunch of waring kingdoms . 
  after that had a nice golden age of learning and knowledge after st.patrick arrived . 
  then ~ 800 years of oppression and destruction by the uk , followed by independence on the 7th of january 1922 , ( the date the angol-irish treaty was ratified in the d\u00e1il ) . 
  had a civil war from 1922-1923 over said treaty . 
  sat in poverty for a while , built a dam in 1929 which could of bankrupt the country . 
  then became a republic on the 18th of april 1949 . 
  sat in poverty for awhile again , joined the eec in 1973 , became rich in the 90 's joined the euro in 1991 began circulating in 2002 . 
  continued being in the celtic tiger untill 2008 . 
  economy crashed , austerity introduced . 
  economy began rebounding ~ 2014 and now we 're sitting here watching our neighbour go insane . 
  histroy of ireland everyone enjoy . 
  this made me laugh way harder than it should 've, 
   if you ca n't distinguish a nigerian from syrian , you should buy glasses . 
  you see that makes sense , but if we start sending people back based on their skin tone and look , well then we 'll be accused of being dirty racists and imperialists . 
  at this rate brexit negotiations will start in march 2019 , oh wait ... 
  ` strong and stable ' my arse, 
  this is poltical upset in all the right ways . 
  ireland 's abortion laws really need a change , and quickly . 
  even though i 'm not overly fond of on-demand abortion , i do n't think the government should intervene on personal issues like this . 
  it 's for the woman to decide if she wants to abort the baby or not , not the government . 
  well , the tourist industry might boom because of people visiting ` the lost city of amsterlantis ', 
  why thank you kind sir , never even knew about that website . 
  was it uploaded last month ? 
  only new to the sub so sorry ` bout that . 
  the website i got it from uploaded it 12 months ago , but it could be older https://www.google.ie/amp/thechive.com/2016/06/29/maps-that-show-how-interesting-europe-can-be-21-photos/amp/, 
  i was looking for a map version of that but never found it sadly, 
  seriously ? 
  for $ 15 i have 10gb data , unlimited calls to any network and unlimited texts ... as if greece did n't have enough problems already . . . 
  wait ... in greece and hungary you pay $ 30 and get no data ? 
  thankfully i live in ireland, 
  yay !, 
  join the ` earthquake safe club ' . 
  although ca n't join the tsunami safe club unfortunately . 
  this sounded so ominous , when i read the title , i was half expecting to see a zombie hitler on the news . 
  but after reading the article the propsal is a good idea in my opinion . 
  as long as no zombie hitler 's are involved, 
  it 's offical romania will collapse due to over purchasing of watermelons , sad day , very sad day . 
  wow , i thought ireland got more than that considering almost everything here as a ` partly financed by the european union ' sign next to it, 
  yay ireland !, 
  no earthquakes for us !, 
  sorry everyone in the mediterranean and iceland . 
  the way i was taught was that ` peil ' was gaelic football and ` sacar ' was soccer aka football, 
  do n't forget most of the d\u00e1il too . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've been hearing this all day and did n't 100 % believe it , but was n't sure , sick of the alt-right using tragedy and dishonesty to promote their political view . 
  a donkey could be in charge of the conservatives and still have done a better job than theresa may this election . 
  how do you blow a 20 point lead so bad ? 
  definitely an interesting proposal , but it would take a lot of work and dedication between a lot of very different countries to work . 
  it actually frightens and amuses me at the same time the level of ignorance actual uk politicians and even their current pm have towards the eu . 
  theresa may constantly repeating `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' is utter crap . 
  no deal is the worst deal possible . 
  no deal would even stop flights in and out of the uk due to the open skies agreement . 
  then you have nigel farrage , the leader of the brexit campaign last year , who is n't even in the british parliament now but is still collecting his pay from the european one ... 
  he even said ireland should leave the eu too because of trade !, 
  unlike the uk we actually still have export options left and the eu has been great for ireland . 
  politicans and ` brexiteers ' seem to live in a fantasy land where they do n't want to pay the $ 100 billion ( depending on source this number my vary ) owed to the eu for various reasons , do n't want free movement , do n't want to pay membership fees and yet want access to the single market ?? 
  honestly what happened to the uk , can someone please explain ? 
  good for spain !, 
  it 's nice to see countries that went through what mine did after 2008 getting back on track . 
  it would definitely be interesting to see what marcon can/will do with a majority like that . 
  i 'm really hoping he pushes for reform on strengthening the eu and fixing some of it 's problems . 
  only time will tell however . 
  well done to everyone involved in finding the plot and evacuating a packed area . 
  potentially saved 100 's of lives there . 
  there would be a blanket , but trump just pulled his piece of the blanket out . 
  they did vote for brexit though , so i would n't be too suprised if some did . 
  yeah , true good point actually would n't have thought of that . 
  oh cool good to know , i ca n't remember where i saw `` da\u00df '' being used , but it must of been an old quote or something .
