  gay parades should be banned because they harm the gay community . 
  am i the only one who hates these things ? 
  only if they 're fucking stupid uncultured swines . 
  something someting ... polan can not into space . 
  that will be their downfall and they know it . 
  let 's not exaggerate . 
  let 's be honests with ourselves . 
  in romania someone like orban or le pen would never rise . 
  but not because of the welcoming tolerance and political intelligence of the romanian people , or at least not mainly because of that . 
  the main factor that prohibits the rise of classical populists ( you may argue that psd is populist , yes , but to a certain degree ) is the much too recent memory of a hated and horrible regime . 
  i 'm talking here about the fascist type of communism we had here . 
  we have the same expression !, 
  those damn gypsies from germany , coming here to steal and beg . 
  no :( i ca n't squat for shit ( pun intended ) . 
  maybe not culturally , yes . 
  but genetically yes . 
  we 're more slavic than the south slavs , for example . 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  thanks !, 
  dude . . you ca n't say things like this to a romanian and expect to walk out of this on your own legs . 
  we go apeshit when this happens . 
  that 's because we kinda are slavic . 
  you wo n't hear this very often from a romanian . 
  it 's a combination of factors . 
  keep in mind that only 3000000 of people voted for psd-alde . 
  yeah , i 'm gon na need a source on that ` our people become less and less educated ' . 
  if you really want to insult someone tell him he is as useful as that dictionary . 
  right in the feels , man . . 
  you did n't understand me . 
  i am not a revisionist . 
  mistakes have been made by both sides . 
  but saying that romanians were n't persecuted before ww1 is detrimental to the historical truth . 
  no , they were n't killed or discriminated openly . 
  but they were viewed as second-class citizens of the empire . 
  a gone gypsy is a good gypsy . 
  i do n't care anymore how are romanians perceived because of them . 
  i just want them out . 
  do you feel me ? 
  dumb fuck is quite different from delusional . 
  first , your english is bad . 
  second , i did n't say a bad word about you and you should do the same . 
  third , i mentioned ww2 because you try to portray hungarians as a nation of angels through history and it 's simply not true . 
  you 're delusional . 
  i do n't see any point in discussing this with you . 
  be it like you wish : hungarians were some angels who never did any harm to romanians . 
  not even in ww2 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-romanian_sentiment#kingdom_of_hungary_and_austria-hungary https://youtu.be/04r5xvegn0q?t=1m55s they did n't have any political rights and they were second class citizens . 
  how can you deny it ? 
  how can you live in your own world ? 
  and stop being so condescending , it 's annoying , especially when you 're an arrogant irredentist . 
  because what was before trianon was indeed justice . 
  a whole region where the majority population was persecuted is justice for you ? 
  you wan na trigger us all ? 
  cause that 's how you trigger us . 
  what the hell are you trying to communicate ?? 
  yeah , we better bathe in the blood of the innocent aborted fetuses than introduce sex ed in schools . 
  never understood this kind of logic . 
  ayy , some good ol' magyar irredentism before going to bed . 
  yeah , the only difference is that nowadays , as it was in 1918 , romanians formed the majority of transilvania . 
  what gives hungary rights over transylvania ? 
  i never understood this kind of rhetoric . 
  yes . 
  and i replied to you . 
  romania was n't really united until 1918 . 
  jobbik-tier shit ? 
  what 's so jobbik about the celebration of the union of the principalities ? 
  do n't worry , you 're compensating well . 
  sa traiesti , manca-ti-as portofelu ' . 
  sometimes i really wonder why hungary is n't number one in salt production in europe . . 
  calm your wurst , fritz . 
  no one is taking your euro moneyz . 
  til i 'm not european . 
  well , tbh , i never considered myself fully european . 
  i always felt like a third-class eu citizen . 
  and i am sure a lot of `` westerners '' have the same opinion . 
  but hell , i do n't blaim them . 
  i thpught he looks like father grigori from half life 2 . 
  no way !!, 
  i have never seen a more pretentious school of film than that in romania . 
  everything has to be deep and characters often ponder life decisions while eating soup for half a film . 
  all set in a grey world . 
  so pessimistic . 
  * shots fired *, 
  dude looked like he was releasing the most fire raggae album of 2016 . 
  undead from teleorman here , can confirm . 
  nope , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  no , it should n't . 
  describing american culture as a salad is quite ironic , is n't it ? 
  i2 is the dominant haplogroup . 
  it 's the southern proto-european haplogroup . 
  the map , at least in regards to romania is n't very accurate . 
  maternal line does n't influence y-dna haplogroup . 
  so wife stealing has nothing to do with r1a being present in large numbers in scandinavia . 
  r1b is western european mainly . 
  huns probably had an asian haplogroup .
