  those are fairy tales made up by scared liberals who think that religion is the one thing holding us back . 
  let 's face it , it 's not religion what 's holding us back . 
  if you 'd open your eyes , you 'd see that not because of the church we lack hospitals and schools , but because of the greed of others . 
  of course the church could do better and in my opinion they do n't have a lot in common with the message of jesus , but let 's face it , they are the last of our problems . 
  i 'm still waiting for that * scientific * consensus regarding the existence/non-existence of god . 
  look , you either believe or you do n't believe . 
  neither one makes you superior or smarter . 
  you also base your argument on a false conception , if the percent of atheists is bigger you live better . 
  that 's totally not true . 
  look at your country , which is 3 times more heathen than romania and still does worse in almost everything . 
  as i said , i am tired of arrogant atheists like yourself . 
  no , i do not agree with you . 
  theocratic rule has bothing to do with the percentage of religious people in a country . 
  you can have a theocracy in a 55 % religious country ( or even less , given the right circumstances ) and you can have a democracy in a 92 % religious country . 
  how many people believe in god has notging to do with the way a country is ruled , at least not directly . 
  romania is such a case . 
  you could say that the church has a very big influence upon the society but the effect on the way the country is ruled does not manifest itself directly . 
  what makes them alarming lol ? 
  just because you think that ? 
  i 'm tired of arrogannt atheists who think that religious people are inherently inferior . 
  i do n't admire him , lol . 
  damn , say what you want about the guy but he has a serious pair of balls . 
  `` we 're atheists , i swear !! '' . 
  everytime a map like this pops up , there must be one romanian who must explain that romanians are n't in fact as religious as it may seem , as if being religious is a bad thing or something . 
  i , myself , am waiting for the death of * left * - wing populism . 
  she 's awful . 
  erdogan is awful too . 
  trump , not so much . 
  damn , those rumors that he might be a gypsy are n't so far from the truth , lol . 
  he certainly behaves like one , too . 
  i doubt it , to be honest . 
  they 're not so many . 
  we 're not a nation of manlets . 
  reeee, 
  i really doubt the average is 172cm in romania . 
  especially since we were described as quite tall in the interwar period ( averages ranging from 168-170cm ) so it 's really hard to think that the average only went up by 2-4 cm in 80 years . 
  i 'm 182-183 cm myself and i 'm nothing special , at least in bucharest . 
  but . . but . . 
  they only did that becausr of poverty . 
  they are not in any way fucking psychopaths who have no regard for human life and decency . 
  they are like that because of us , the evil white men . 
  sooo ... trump was right , after all ? 
  who would have thought ? 
  wow , who would have thought ? 
  omg cultural appropriation omg / s, 
  first of all , pp-dd was a populist left-wing party . 
  and second of all , in 2016 the populist party was pru who had like 2 % or something . 
  pp-dd does n't exist anymore , thankfully . 
  actually in an earlier comment i said that degenerates are degenerates regardless of their sexual orientation . 
  those people , at least in my eyes are equally perverted . 
  i do n't discriminate , lol . 
  really ? 
  you 're gon na cite huffington post ? 
  liberal lies . 
  and you really are going to compare those women in leather with [ this ] ( https://img.fireden.net/vg/image/1445/89/1445896110727.jpg ) ? 
   the people that object to any overt displays of homosexuality are n't going to become less homophobic by you going back into the closet , their homophobia just becomes slightly less visible . 
  you 're so in the wrong here , that i do n't even have the words to express it . 
  i know a lot of people who are only homophobic when given the chance ( like degenerates walking around in leather thongs ) but otherwise do n't have a single problem with people being gay . 
   surviving as a non-straight person in current modern society is most definitely an accomplishment one should be proud of . 
  this is one of the farthest from truth things i have ever heard this week , especially because it 's coming from a dutch . 
  and the use of the word `` nowadays '' makes me think that you believe that this is a recent thing , and gays are persecuted since recently . 
  yes , it 's really hard to survive as a non-straight person . 
  but only if you 're in a fucking muslim country . 
   the men in leather thongs make up only a small number of participants . 
  yet they exist , and give the rest of the participants a bad name . 
   it only takes the harm already being done to it and drags it kicking and screaming out into the light . 
  that 's overly simplified and a wrong way to look at the problem . 
  no , you do n't make up for the harm being done wearing a rainbow-colored dick-cup on the streets . 
  that does n't solve anything . 
  you make up for the harm being done by behaving like a normal person , demonstrating that you are not that different from a straight person and maybe then you can raise awareness about your rights , which exist and should be upheld . 
  hmm , i think i have the right to care if something is right or wrong , even if it does not affect me directly . 
  like i have the right to care about , i do n't know , gays thrown off the roofs in isis-controlled terriories . 
  even if it does n't affect me * directly * . 
  did i say that we should humiliate those who are not straight ? 
  did i really say that ? 
  i suggest you read once again my comment and try , as much as possible to understand it . 
  * that * part of the parade exists , while it should not exist . 
  the whole idea of being proud of a sexuality is absolutely abhorent . 
  i know that the liberal brain wash states the opposite , but let 's be honest , why not organize a `` polyamorous pride parade '' or a `` gerontophiliac pride parade '' ? 
  do n't those guys also have the right to flaunter their sexual preferences ?? 
  if you would n't agree to a `` polyamorous pride parade '' then you 'd be a hypocrite . 
  first of all , maintain a civil discussion . 
  i did n't call you a degenerate . 
  that 's if you do n't behave like the degenerates who parade at gay marches with dildos on their foreheads or something . 
  then , yes , i did call you a degenerate . 
  because people who behave like that are a disgrace . 
  period . 
  i did n't say a bad word towards the gay community . 
  on the contrary , my opinion is aimed towards their protection , not their shaming . 
  personal opinions and stuff . 
  and the mean to express them . 
  if i can share my opinion and engage in a constructive argument , then why the fuck not ? 
  https://fellowshipofminds.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/ny2.jpg i do n't care it 's from the us , i was n't reffering specifically to the european ones . 
  there are tons of pictures like this . 
  they dress like flaming idiots hoping that it will make them more integrated in a society . 
  degenerates are degenerates , gay or straight . 
  also i think that most of the gay community agrees with me when i say that they do more harm than good . 
  sexuality should n't be a reason to pride yourself with . 
  especially in a more conservative country , gays should try to show that they are exactly like the rest and normal people . 
  and you do n't do that by dressing like a flaming idiot and behaving like a fucking degenerate on the streets .
