  it 's about the ` look at me i 'm so fucking edgy and nonconformist ' attitude . 
  ` look at me i only know how to talk about drugs and sex and i 'm so edgy and better than you and fuck everything not considered degenerate fuck yeah alcohol and drugs and buttsecks ', 
  i do n't get why you 're being downvoted . 
  vice truly is a wretched hive of scum and villainry . 
  join the russian army . 
  oh no , you did n't call the slav superstar a fake slav . 
  yes . 
  that is the most likely scenario . 
  he said he is from estonia but he is a minority . 
  most certainky he is russian ethnic . 
  norway , here i come !, 
  genetically , we are a mix of dacians , slavs and a pinch of germanics , almost no roman blood . 
  culturally , we are balkanic . 
  linguistically , we are latin . 
  we are quite a merry bunch and unique , in our way . 
  come on , they are totally different than us , not only in color , but also in facial structure , average height and a lot others . 
  dude . . do n't go there . . 
  have you ever seen erdogan ? 
  do you think he is a guy that folloes any rules ? 
  they could also just put a bullet through their heads because the turks will do it as soon as they get their hands on them . 
  that 's some fine-ass bird . 
  let 's not find apologies for the crusades , though . 
  christians in the arab caliphats were rather treated well . 
  that made me laugh more than i care to admit . 
  have an upvote . 
  dam son, 
  you may be right . 
  romanians are indeed apathetic in regards to ideology . 
  i also put the lack of a far right on the fact that far right politicians ` lost the start ' in the sense that they were represented by an awful , cancerous group of people led by vadim-tudor and nowadays this kind of rhetoric is somehow mocked because of the mental collective associating it with that kind of people . 
  edit : a word . 
  let 's not get ahead of our horses . 
  yes , but the ` left ' is worse . 
  no one can argue with that . 
  i 'm a left-winger myself , but i am forced to choose ` right ' everytime because of the sheer corruption and stupidity of the social-democrats . 
  choosing the lesser evil is the only optimal solution . 
  it would be possible if you take into account the fact that hungarians elect people that would never be elected in romania . 
  for example , we do n't have far right parties that matter . 
  of course , we have our ` left ' that is corrupt as all fucks , but i do n't think that this is nearly as bad as jobbik or fidesz . 
  i do n't really think it will happen . 
  not that soon , at least . 
  we still do n't have a proper mentality to sustain an economic growth . 
  and i do n't think that hungarians wo n't change anything . 
  i view them not that asswards as us . 
  y' all gon na end up worse than us if you do n't change something . 
  i agree with that . 
  romania has n't got the economic power to support a union . 
  i 'm not against it or anything , but it is not the right time for it . 
  hell , it may never be a right time . 
  well , he is n't allowed to run for president . 
  to run for president in moldova you need to live there for 10 years . 
  yeah , you certainly have a tradition on setting shit on fire , especially churches . 
  y' all need some sarmale . 
  m'turkey * tips fedora *, 
  are you for real ? 
  last time i checked there was n't any christian who blew himself up to kill people in the name of his god . 
  you can say all sort of things about the christian religion , but not this . 
  and the pilots shooting arrows from their cockpit while yelling . 
  drudkh is awesome . 
  i disagree . 
  there are differences between races . 
  biologically , i mean . 
  but i agree that it 's more of a cultural thing . 
  yeah , that 's the fucked-up part . 
  stating your opinion is fine , but wanting others to do so is retarded , to say the least . 
  so what if she 's against race-mixing ? 
  it 's so bad to want children that look somewhat like you ? 
  i do n't know , you can have this opinion without being an actual racist . 
  god , that was a difficult book to read . 
  not because of the writing but because of the theme . 
  i do n't want everyone to hold the same opinion as me , of course . 
  but why not debate upon our opinions , like civilized human beings ? 
  oh give me a break . 
  i was calling melenchon a commie just because a lot of people call le pen a fascist . 
  you have a terribly simple understanding of what i said . 
  le pen is also much more tolerable than melenchon , at least for me . 
  if le pen is a fascist then melenchon is a commie . 
  i do n't understand why / r/europe hates le pen and loves melenchon , both being euro skeptics . 
  dude . 
  why are you all circlejerking for a fucking commie ? 
  i got it , le pen is the extreme evil but rooting for that fucker ? 
  come on . . 
  i know reddit is very left-leaning and i 'm gon na be downvoted to hell by brainless liberals but yeah . . 
  ofc u do, 
  of course . 
  cheer for the fucking commie . 
  soviet ? 
  i just love how data is not available for kosovo . 
  really funny , thanks for sharing !, 
  oooooor those were lies . . 
  what 's up with that russian area in romania ? 
  wtf, 
  romanian law has nothing to do with divine law . 
  romania is a secular state and it would remain so until the end of time , hopefully . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  the us is one of the best countries in the world and is quite religious , for example . 
  west germany is more religious than east germany and is richer and has a higher standard of living . 
  spain , italy are more religious than bulgaria and hungary and still have a higher standard of living . 
  of course religion and politics do n't mix . 
  but i think the influence of the orthodox church in romanian politics is waaay over-exaggerated by liberals . 
  it 's not like the patriarch holds in his holy hands all politicians and schemes to gain more power and more money .
