you ca n't really compare eurovision with the olympics . 
  does anyone care about eurovision , anyway ? 
  it 's just a huge circlejerk of questionable quality . 
  well , the ` left ' in romania is more conservative than the right , but i agree with you . 
  if psd is socialist then i 'm the fucking pope . 
  english , motherfucker.do you speak it ? 
  http://imgur.com/qxzaz6b someone had to do it . 
  take for example france , where a lot of jihadis are french citizens . 
  but you always hear their ethnicity . 
  so you really think that most of those who comit crimes abroad are ethnic romanians ? 
  dude is the king of banter . 
  wow , there are some ethnic romanians who commit crimes in the netherlands . 
  tell me more about how that should change my oppinion that most of them are gypsies . '', 
  '' `` romanians '' '' '', 
  `` romanians '', 
  wtf , finnish girls leave home at 16-17 years ? 
  you shut your mouth . 
  in your face , hungary !, 
  and how about those examples i gave you . 
  correlation does n't imply causation , dumb ass . 
  look at all the other countries that are less religious than romania whose doctors are fleeing away . 
  you 're ignorant . 
  you said that there are less and less schools . 
  of course there are , there are less and less children , also . 
  i never said that i am religious , i do n't know where you jumped to that conclusion . 
  but probably in your mind you think that everyone that does n't shit on religious people 24/7 must be fanatics or something . 
  romania does n't have hospitals . 
  but not because of the church . 
  but because of it 's corruption . 
  do you think that doctors here think ` fuck this shit man , i 'm gon na go to a more atheistic place . 
  dem religious people stink like donkey balls ' ? 
  fuck no . 
  so you go fuck yourself you fedora-wearing twat . 
  you 're not as smart as you think you are . 
  go wank it at my little pony or whatever . 
  correlation does n't always imply causation . 
  oh , and also , i 'm a soon-to-be doctor , so thank you for proving my point . 
  we do n't have hospitals because we do n't fucking have enough doctors , not because of the church . 
  what are you saying is atheist bullshit . 
  i guess you 're the fedora-wearing type . 
  and to prove that you 're talking from your ass , let 's analyze some shit . 
  ok , so you 're saying that a higher percentage of religious people correlates well with poverty , why is moldova doing worse than us ? 
  or bulgaria ? 
  why is poland doing better ? 
  why is western germany doing better than eastern germany ? 
  you 're trying to blaim the church for shit they are n't guilty for . 
  next time , take your head outta your ass and try to think . 
  that is some retarded bullshit right there . 
  first of all , of course there are more churches than hospitals . 
  hospitals tend to be bigger than churches . 
  you do n't find a hospital in each and every fucking town , village etc. 
  why ? 
  because you do n't have enough doctors and i dare you to find a country in which the number of hospitals is greater than the number of worship places . 
  i 've heard this fucking thing so many times here in romania . 
  yeah , it 's cool and trendy to hate on the church becuz theyz evilz and shit but thinking that we should have more hospitals than churches is ignorant and retarded . 
  good to know i wo n't die stabbed . 
  filip12gauge lives to fight another day . 
  you started it by calling us oltenians . 
  but please do n't stab me . 
  maramure\u0219 and oa\u0219 . 
  beautiful regions . 
  oh , and also bukovina . 
  but . . what knife are you talking about ? 
  is n't it the same thing ? 
  it 's a nice region , tho . 
  i wan na visit it soon . 
  how . . how dare you ? 
  i am teleorm\u0103nean . 
  i hate summers . 
  it 's too damn hot . 
  i ca n't even tan , i 'm gon na end a red blob of suffering if i stay too much outside , in the open sun . 
  fuck summer . 
  as a southerner i have come to embrace winter . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
  you big baby , stop complaining . 
  du-te in suedia . 
  they all float down here , georgie . 
  yes , but that 's not the whole picture . 
  admission to study medicine here is gruesomely hard , at least in bucharest , where i study . 
  but that 's for romanian students . 
  only the very best who study for a long time in highschool manage to enter med school . 
  with students from outside the country , the situation is different . 
  they do n't take an exam , they just pay the yearly tax . 
  well . . 
  if i think better . . yeah , you 're right . 
  they were n't the most brilliant students . 
  well , if you can afford 5000 euros to pay the yearly tax and other expenses associated with living abroad for a whole year , i think that you can afford to pay to study medicine in your country . 
  most of them are arabs . 
  and quite well integrated . 
  funny enough there is a small number of westerners . 
  why would someone study medicine here is beyond my understanding . 
  source : i am a med student . 
  moar like . . in their foreheads hehehe, 
  they do n't love turkey . 
  i think it 's correlated with tourism in those countries , or at least that 's what the author said . 
  timisoara , richer than bucharest ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  tastes differ , man . 
  although i agree that they covered really well the war in ukraine and syria , i like my news without a coke covered dick in my mouth . 
  it 's not about the censoring nor the topics they choose .
