  how can they donate blood when half of the staff will be on strike that day ? 
  and that makes sense since it was polsih that invented esperanto , 
  sweetie , i 'm happy that you came across rhetoric 's , who knows maybe schopenhauer but highschooler was n't derogatory . 
  it 's just a statement of fact about your current level of knowledge based on educational system . 
  trust me university will show you difference even if you 're extraordinary talented as a highschooler . 
  this very issue and a bit of childish arrogance is why you 're getting pushback ( also the whole `` we '' part ) . 
  well off i go . 
  try socrates and he 's two methods , that should give you a grasp on what is knowledge and what 's not ( no sarcasm here , you 'll enjoy it ) . 
  take care . 
  oh sorry then , did n't realize i 'm talking with highschooler . 
  well no point throwing economical knowledge then . 
  for your benefit and as part of homework :  this is what i love about poles . 
  whenever you bring in the whole `` free money '' , they always change the topic . 
  admit it . 
  you are getting billions of dollars for free . 
  your entire country is built on our money our economy is blooming thx to internal consumption and export , i suggest eurostat data . 
  whole billions and billions are equal to roughly 3 or 4 % of pl yearly budget . 
  as for sweden part back then again , history . 
  you should read about them . 
  as for deluge . . history again , read it and you 'll have far stronger arguments for any reddit conversation . 
   i see thousands of poles coming to the uk to study and live , not the other way around . 
  my class has a couple of poles . 
  their opinion of their country is n't much . 
  well i 'm from krakow . 
  you would be amused on number of brits living and working here . 
   say whatever you want but the uk is a great country , never said it is n't . 
  but those holes in your education and high horse perspective are rather childish and that 's why you got sucha pushback from me and others . 
  well no one her needs a pretentious buffoon and his wisdom over real politics yet here we are . 
   meanwhile poland is getting billions of free money from western europe and here you are complaining . 
  a proper display of `` how does eu works '' knowledge . 
   that one bright spark in a thousand years of history . 
  that is n't much to boast about to be honest . 
  especially since little sweden almost wiped poland out of the map . 
  far more than that but it 's hard to discuss history after joke statement like :  invading russia at their weakest moment and then a few decades later getting the shit kicked out of you by then is not glorious . 
  explain when that starts a long pattern of ass kicking that ends in poland disappearing . 
  beginning of 17 century and end of 18 century is not few decades later . 
  russia , hapsburg empire and prussia would be now days equivalent of 3 out of 5 biggest militaries . 
  also in terms of long term achievements ours started in end of 13century and ended end of 18 century , but anyway . 
  i have far better opinion about uk educational system but then again it might just be that you are special . 
  solidarity is not a word , it 's an obligation . 
  you do not hold responsibility for me \\ us same as you dont hold responsibility for belgian creation . 
  realpolitics makes tricks on all of us . 
  including russia in nato ? 
  you should get some serious historical and political science education especialy around 44-53 period . 
  you have this idealistic attitude that i do understand and also would love to be the thing . 
  problem with it it 's that some countries doesnt share it and like to use it for their own benefit ( and before you miss my point this is about further that your idea of east europ country . . the one with big chunk of asia as well ) . 
  in short , `` the west '' way you see it want 's peace and prosperity while conveniently forgeting that someone else guaranteed it for them . 
  now you are shocked that you have to take some reponsibilities regarding other countries and that history showed that it 's mutual defence responsibilities or we all get divided , played and another ww starts . 
  do n't play chamberlain , `` peace of our times '' did n't last for long . 
   the reason why we let so many of you guys in eastern europe was so that you guys would receive protection and not end up fucking things as you lot always do . 
  instead you are dragging us into conflicts and political problems that we do n't need . 
  what a joke you are especially while claiming that you are a brit . 
   us people in western europe are n't just a giant wallet to uplift you from your entrenched backwardness . 
  that 's just rich , you spend most of 20 century under usa umbrella . 
  reason our wallets are different are that we had communism dystopia with its economy while you could progress with capitalism while being baby sited by usa . 
  you 're by no means unique . 
  as an addition to your `` backward east '' knowledge let me remind you that last 2 century are not a whole european history . 
  between 15-16 century , from polish-lithuanian commonwealth perspective you were poor , isolated and backward place in terms of political , economical and military perspective . 
  get of your high horse . 
  a convenient reply . 
  tell me something , was `` the west '' by any means offended to partake in marshal plan or staying democratic under usa umbrella for most of 20 century ? 
  are we , `` the east '' too much of a inconvenient as a reminder of what was the second option ( ussr ) ? 
  because you see , to put it blunt , we do remember and we take our sovereignty seriously . 
  so sorry to disrupt yore convenient , cowardly dream where you can take care of your own business and cut any ties with reality that half of this continent had to enjoy . 
  sorry for making you uncomfortable by not becoming disarmed , semi-sovereign states which russia can play whenever they feel like it . 
  as a part of making it up to you we should accept another budapest memorandum . . you know kind of wipe your ass agreement when push comes to pull . 
  on a serious note , it puzzles me how such hypocrites can exist . 
  your own state was created due to political agreement , your safety was guaranteed by other factors , your wealth came from mutual safety agreements sponsored by foreign superpower . 
  [ graffiti from poland , city \u0141\u00f3dz ] ( http://www.theculturemap.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/lodz-street-art-girl-graffiti-flats-sainer.jpg ), 
  ruthenians ? 
  horseriding ? 
  hey lithuania we 're back in business !, 
  commonwelth v2 is coming !, 
  too lazy ? 
  it 's dat damn polish !, 
  they tok muh jub !, 
   i swear to christ that becoming an economist has made my life infinitely worse now that i end up hearing ignorant crap like this all the time . 
  i can assure you that having master from political science is equaly depressing . 
  is it nationalism to make a sovereign decision that you want to join certain club ? 
  or is it nationalism to force other country into submission ensuring they will stay `` in your sphere of influence '' whether they like it or not ? 
  i 'm happy for you that you could travel and choose where and how would you like to live but it seems that since you already have this comfortable position you lost any interest or sympathy to those that would like to enjoy same choices . 
  balts join the nato , ukraine wanted to get close to eu ( taking in consideration last 25 years of ukrainian economical growth who could blame them ) . 
  check again then . 
  only reason you can act high and mighty now allowing yourself to place your opinion on who should \\ should n't be part of the club was to simple fact that you end up on other side of the curtain . 
  it 's utterly arrogant to voice something like `` no one expect that nato would go so far east '' when the only reason your country enjoys prosperity and freedom is due same geographical real politics that put my country behind the curtain . 
  now you want site on your ass and not get involved ? 
  you own you 're relatively good position due the flick in big boys real politic games . 
  poland was in allies camp , with 4th biggest troops detachment ( yes bigger then french ) . 
  in the end we 've got the short stick . 
  at least appreciate what you own to nato and understand what was alternative to it . 
  poland - technically speaking secular but there was n't single campaign without christian values card played . 
  worst case scenario you can diss your opponent using '' what would jon paul ii do '' \\ s, 
  well rome was better then germanic tribes in almost every way . 
  i think you 're missing one point , sophisticated culture and values may be disadvantage as well . 
  demographic changes can end up with now days minorities becoming majority and then it 's good old democratic vote . 
  this tribalistic ideology you mentioned . 
  religious order and the way it shapes one is something no longer existing in western society on state wide debate level . 
  for muslim it 's integral part of their culture . 
  against strong ideology movement we have nothing to compensate as there are no strong believes that would unify us all ( nationalism , christianity are no longer important or acceptable as triggers ) . 
  in my opinion this is why radical islam is slowly but steadily climbing up and increasing its presence in europ .
