  i do , it 's a pain that now days you just have to add \\ s as ppl got to lazy to look for satire themselfs . . 
  if it points toward you it 's satire , if it points toward me it 's hate speech . 
  funny how things are different in countries more prone for multiethnic society structure and homogenous countries . 
  you know they are areas of poverty , low education in poland ( post commie farms for examples `` ex-pgr '' ) , you 'll find issues there the way you described , based on economic disadvantage , low education etc. 
  and yet even with similar circumstances the situation here is not even close to what is happening in france in example . 
  no one 's blowing up , no frictions inside society similar in scale . 
  and yet you 're advocating that there 's no connection to ethnic background or religion . 
  i 'm fully aware that cultural science does n't measure cultures as good \\ bad or better \\ worse but ffs it clearly shows differences in mentality or what 's important in particular culture . 
  there 's a gap there which causes a lot of issues between most of european cultures and mena countries . 
  think it 's established now that migrants are not all doctors . 
  rightful polish clay !, 
   you find us more fun than they are !, 
  that 's not that hard, 
  not sure about uk ( bojo ) , one would expect nothing less from him . 
  if i remember correctly right now we have the last eu budget with development funds . 
  annyway it 's nice that we mix parts of eu treties with some ad hoc solution a year after the crisis started for the south ( 2014 no one carred then ) that singlehandly overthrow international agreements ( dublin ii ) and addressed the symptoms ( migrants beeing here ) instead the actual issue ( uncontrol influx of migrants - yes migrants and not refuges as the second is just part of the flow ) . 
  now let 's blackmail everyone else to take the quotas so we have good solution on paper , the fact that you ca n't hold the migrants in a country by force , that they can move since it 's shengen and that it 's challenging hard to provide them with shelter and fundings is a non factor . 
  in the end you can just stop paying them and take the assylum rights if they abandon their `` assigned country '' and move to germany or sweden so we end with the situation like in germany where half of ppl that lost assylum rights are unremovable and no one can do damn about it . 
  but hey , some ppl will feel good about themselfs !, 
  edit : also part of this proposal is to start counting migrants from ukrain as part of the same wave , as you know they come from war torn country thou most of them are economical migrants ) . 
  what the hell are you taking ? 
  do you have any idea how politics or economy works or you just flying high on symbols and emotions trying to avoid knowledge and reality as much as you can ? 
  in other story , ask a pole if situation is bad ... bad ? 
  bad ? 
  well let me tell you , we have it worst ever !, 
  there are corrupted politician in africa ? 
  haaaaa , we have the most corrupted ones in the world . . situation is worst then iii reich \\ ussr i tell you . 
  pol pot has nothing on jaruzelski , no kidding !, 
  god i love my country and god bless to it 's people !, 
  whatabautism at it 's finest . 
  no mather what were our reasons we took part in that shamefull act in 1938 and by that made our southern border german which blowed in our face the next year . 
  check what was the strategical situation on 17th of september ? 
  remaining divisions on both sides ? 
  modlin lost which means warsaw stands wide open ? 
  german air superiority at time ? 
  ffs mate it 's not rocket science , we were going down big time and there 's no amout of romantizm and share faith to cover that reality . 
  a 100 attacks over a year with 1 million population in uk ? 
  would be great to get statistics of how much attacks ( fights not racially aggravated ) happen over weekend in warsaw or krakow . 
  the fact is a fact because i say so , without any intention to prove it . 
  sorry to say that but you 're incapable of holding any discussion . 
  try socrates and he 's two methods , maybe you 'll get a starting point to understand what 's conviction ( mniemanie ) and knowledge . 
  you actually confirmed that `` polish is abnormal '' point from that essay as it was referring to building narration \\ political facts based on symbols and emotions instead rationality and facts . 
  you 're above statement shows your subjective perception based on emotions and nothing more . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not judging you here , it 's unfortunately how we , as poles , handle discussions on political \\ social level . 
  also   and tusks actions show that he respects poland and the polish people ... < < it 's pure whataboutism as you have n't provide an answer to my comment . 
  you want to discuss and be treated seriously ? 
  do n't spill cheap propaganda . 
  this was an essay in late 80s and this sentence is totally out of context . 
  check it out if you like, 
  judging from articles like this there are no longer and christian-democratic parties , conservatist parties or anything else from on right side of political spectrum other than nationalists ( buhuu ) . ffs , sure there 's a lot of populism mixed into that but the same flavor runs in every major party accross europe . 
  beter call the bogeyman instead facing the reasons why most of europe starts schifting right.how amusing , and i 'm saying it as stern central-left voter . 
  in comparision to actions of polish nobility and broken agreements ? 
  dude you have a beef of some sort then it 's youre issue , do n't mix facts with simplistic nationalistic narration which mearly uses historical facts as it pleases it for political benefits . 
  history is a science and not loose facts that you can cherry pick from . 
  wow , ok this is exactly the point of why middle school historical education should be fixed . 
  you my dear friend do n't understand the reasons for that ( and few other like nalewajka 's uprising ) , the social , political issues and fractions not mentioning private vendettas . 
  commonwealth did neglect a lot of social issues with cause all the tractions on nowadays ukrainian territory . 
  and if you quote `` learning from history so to not repeat it '' then here 's an advice do not assume that an article or a book makes you aware and prepare to discuss a topic , after all those historians are doing something for 5 years on uni ( if they specialize in this period of history ) to get that master . 
  hope that was n't too harsh and if yes - apologies . 
  that would mean you traveled too far east and outside eu, 
  not so long ago ppl from this forum made fun of brexitiers `` economical knowledge '' . 
  judging from post like this this sort of knowledge is wide spread across eu citizens . 
  just because you have no idea how any corporation looks like and that a `` yearly letter from ceo '' is nothing uncomon does n't makes you right . 
  this whol shitstorm is just a sad joke , half of those right-wing journalists worked for this corporation and receive simmilar yearly letter in their time ( check lukasz warzecha one of wpolityce journalist comment on that ) . 
  additionally , axelspringer is swiss-german corporation since 2010 , so do n't forget to criticize the swiss for `` mendling in our politics '' . 
  ignorance is a bliss, 
  well , till last year visit to moravia i have n't heard of czech wine as well . 
  before the homogenous and nationality concept which both are quite fresh were about 800 years of polish history with quite few changes is social model . 
  if you just skip that and use modern terms you 'll miss a lot . 
  that fact that there 's not a lot of dialects left does n't mean that old voivodships were same ( originates from different west slavic tribes ) . 
  the fact that early ages of poland you would be able to communicate using latin only . 
  and that 's just x and xi century stage of country development . 
  you do get that there was no italy till xix century ? 
  you do get that those parts did not consider themselves `` italians '' prior to that since you know , no concept of nationality pooped out prior xix century ? 
  the fact that they feel italians at all ( wondering if northerners do feel that about south and vice versa ) was something that occurred in span of several generations . 
  with processes like that who knows , in few generations we all may feel ethnical europeans !, 
  how was it not ? 
  before the concept of nationality ( xix century ) we had jewish minority , german minority , tatars , ruthenia 's , lithuanians , dutch villages ( religious prosecution refuges sine you know , freedom of religion in plc ) etc. 
  all of that were natural processes with both expansion and immigration in plc. 
  it took good damn world wars , force repatriations and border shifting to make the country homogenous and even so we 're not of same religion . 
  we are as artificially homogenous as it gets . 
  it 's the fun across europe with short french guy time again . 
  [ my prince , french will need cavalery again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_poniatowski ), 
  well that 's your opinion . 
  but since you stated something like that you could share some data \\ evidences to support it or else it 's rather amusing opinion . 
  how can i `` basically agree with him '' in your view when i 'm pointing out how false and prove less the poor \\ undeveloped part was ? 
  basic historical chronology would give you a hint when did plc formed and when states like prussia and austria begin to be a thread to it . 
  plc was the biggest grain exporter and by that formed immense fortunes based on that trade . 
  the fall of plc was the slow declaim over a century when that fortune and power was shifting to the magnats . 
  ffs , opinions and a facts are not the same and to call the plc , and i quote again , `` big , poor , underdeveloped , pathetic state '' is just ridicules . 
  it 's like calling roman empire a failed state based on last century of it . 
  you know what was the xv-xvii century equivalent of oil ? 
  grain . . now check who was the biggest producer \\ exporter then and that would cover the undeveloped part . 
  i can find it later on for you , but basically occupied poland was the only country in which helping jews was capital offence for the culprit . 
  [ on november 10 , 1941 , the death penalty was introduced by hans frank , governor of the general government , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rescue_of_jews_by_poles_during_the_holocaust#punishment_for_aiding_the_jews ), 
  [ wrong  ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/alcohol/prevalence_amp_rate_of_alcohol_consumption/alcohol_consumption_en ), 
   biggest ise in support right-wing has is between the 18-25 year olds . 
  nope , the reason is quite simple , this is the least election attending group . 
  so you can have big % because the base is relatively small and the hard core political nuts are overpresented ( ie . 
  korwin support is high in this age range ) .
