  both parties are obvious dicks so i 'm sure neither of us would like to join such conversation . 
  i earn 1k and got 50 % sallary increase , you earn 5k and got 10 % sallary increase . 
  my growth rate is higher , would you like to switch places ? 
  that 's not the point who 's doing the praising and why . 
  the point is even he 's equally conservative brother understood the role of legislature and why it has to be differentiated from judicial or executive . 
  he was clear about it , no doubts . 
  the point is this is making everything politically owned kind of solution which not only is wrong from any theory of law or political doctrine point of view it 's against basic rules of our constitution or international agreements like eu . 
  that 's a fatal , idiotic idea that will be pushed despite everyone as everyone that finds it wrong is an enemy . 
  quote `` defenders of pedophiles . . '' / dogmi  far from calling people pedophiles - dont try to play a player . 
  no body does want to `` play '' you but comprehensive reading is not your strong point as it seems . 
  those elected officials vote on candidates proposed by juditical branch or picked by same legislature ? 
  after electing judges , are they clients of legislature ( minister of justice as their superior with all rights to remove \\ retire them without appeal ) or are they fully independent from legislature ? 
  half truths are swwet but as they say devil 's in the details . 
  because those few of us older that 20 know that those are quotes , they are quoting lech kaczynski and his adamant stand on the very same role of juditical system that pis wants to make legislature lapdog . 
  and ffs angry on quoting his brother ? 
  this is kindergarden or what ? 
  thet fctard holds all the power in poland and he believes the other half of parliment murder his brother !, 
  truth is something that you 'll never comprehend litle troll . 
  carry on comrad , revolution is your mother and party your father ( just with oposity ideology background in this case . ), 
  do n't you feel at least a bit of shame after posting fake picture , which originaly was a poster for rape victims to seek help , that you used to push scaremongering propaganda `` alt fact '' ? 
  do n't you have at least a trace of decency , at least toward yourself or your intelect not to use fakes and simpletons logic when discussing quite complex problems ? 
  or are you just fine with that garbage and simple answers ? 
  we 'll not everyone holds to their ubermensche traditions like you do . 
  but i 'm happy that your ' e pround of something . 
  well said young hungweibin , please continue the good work of cultural revolution !, 
   they 've been either imprisoned , murdered , morally broken after tortures or emigrated to the west to flee persecutions by the communist state of poland . 
  youre such a shameless lier ... rachon or this young fellow that asked this question are new cases of benjamin burtton then as they keep age and health perfectly after almost a century . 
  listening to absolute bulshit ppl like them or you spill left and right it seems you all should live in those dark times , you 're perfect materials for politruk or now days version of red guard \\ hungwejbins from cultural revolution time . 
  appointed does n't mean proposed by legislature . 
  where does candidate come from , and who proposes them ? 
  and after their appointment their not responsible \\ accountable before legislature in comparision to curent solution that makes ziobro their superior . 
  all of the above examples come deap from history of those nations but at any point legislature does n't own the judiciary branch . . that 's the point of separation of power and the point of halftruths like `` but it works similar in other countries '' . 
  the details are the key . 
  edit : btw you brought constitutional court examples in some of those cases and not supream court, 
  half truths are the best truths amirite ? 
  who apoint judges in mentioned countries . . well you know the answer now who nominates the judges ? 
  second question are the mentioned suprem courts dependant from legislature . 
  now eat more propaganda and pretend that you 're knowledgable to discuss topics based on media articles . 
   when it comes to details , who were the judges back then ? 
  newborns , or established communistic apparatus people ? 
  what was the contract sejm ? 
  was it the first free sejm in post war poland or was it a round table agreed power ? 
  doctor jaroslaw kaczynski , famous prewar law expert and prof , lech kaczynski ( also prewar expert ) . . oh w8 who 's dirty communist and who 's not is decided by party apparatchiks . 
  things like propaganda \\ post truth and twitter were design for likes of you . . frustrate and longing for easy one sentence good \\ bad answer for complicated matters . 
  i gave you data on whom and why asked for i can even explain you what was the system and which law doctrine applies . 
  but you 'll find some commies or other shit to reply to that . 
  did once in your frustrated live it came to you that you have no knowledge on topics you discuss ? 
  gzz enjoy yourself but news flash , pis will fade away and you 'll need to look for new source of easy answers to massage your everlasting frustrations . 
  doctor jaroslaw kaczynski , famous pre war law expert and prof , lech kaczynski ( also pre war expert ) . . oh w8 who 's dirty communist and who 's not is decided by party aparatchics . 
  things like propaganda \\ post trurth and twiter were designe for likes of you . . frustrater and longing for easy one sentence good \\ bad answer for complicated mathers . 
  i gave you data on whom and why asked for i can even explai you what was the system and which law doctrin applies . . but you 'll find some commies or other shit to reply to that . 
  did once in your frutsrated live it came to you that you have no knowledge on topics you discuss ? 
   it 's an old organisation designed in communistic times based on solidarno\u015b\u0107 demands and proposition and implemented in 89 during contract sejm , but who cares about details when you have a juicy half of the story for propaganda usage . 
  also based on both theory of law and democratic political doctrines ffs !, 
   hose who actually had to deal with the system that 's ineffectiveness of the system executed by judicial system but passed by legislature !!!, 
  if someone explains fundamental rules of how law and judicial system works accordingly to all known democratic state political doctrines , theory of law and gets '' i disagree with you '' then it 's either troll responding or an idiot . 
  this way someone can disagree with gravity because why not . 
   so you cashed out your appartment , work regular hours , have a decent car and holidays in thailand every year ? 
  ohoho honestly which planet you came from ? 
  when was there a generation that could do any of that post-graduation ? 
  there 's no sense of trying if you expect to have that given to you after graduation or with low skill job . 
  18-30 age range going to thailand and having their own apartment is some statistical error , people that earned it and 98 % ppl with rich parents . 
  this is unreal mate , it 's explain rioters that burn other people stuff without actually doing sh.it to change the situation with '' but you know if they could afford apartment , car and once a year trip to thailand it would all be nice and dandy '' !, 
  with 6 poles it could end up with 12 political party at the end . 
  lol never ? 
  most of that age range have n't actually started trying yet . 
  look on former east block , our economical situation was drastically worst , costed us hughe influx of young and able moving abroad including germany ( now we have to deal with aging sociaty ) , and yet we 're closing that gap and trying to figure out how to bring expacts back ( so far rather unsucesfuly ) . 
  this is totaly cheep excuse to say they have no chance to buy something on their own and this absurd behaviour is 100 % counterproductive . 
  by that 's the point . . quotas are not a solution , moreover we 're having this power strugle to force others into submision whilst no relewant discussion or actions to address the root cause and contributing fators like inability to protect eu borders . . this is mad !, 
  and please , regarding rules and laws deficit \\ debt rules from maastricht . . how many years now germany is not fulfilling those ? 
  any penalties or ussage of unrelated whatsoever structural funds to enforce other policies was ever proposed . 
  pure hypocrysy here because we aither follow all rulles and enforce penalties using different agreements or not . 
   and what does the per capita changes about the sum total ? 
  i got houshold of 4 and i get 1000 euro . 
  you have a haushold of 1 and you get 500 euro . 
  clearly i 'm in the better situation, 
  biting dead horse to its maximum here ... abuse human rights as much as you want this solution shit 's on migrants problem as it does n't solve a thing instead pretends that it does and creates great smoke screen when some can pick on others for not following agreements ( while being absolute hypocrite when it goes to debt \\ deficit agreements from maastricht for years now ) while having eu as open and unable to do shit about migrants same way as in day one . 
  go back to school , lern what first \\ second \\ tchird world was all about and get back to us . 
  btw great way to mix leggal migration based on treaties with illegal flow of miggrants the amount of implication here are just fun to think about . 
  but do n't worry much emotional \\ moral high ground with pinch of populism works for some people . 
   unwillingness of ee to cooperate in any way in dealing with this mess and funds are one leverage that can be used . 
  how the hell those idiotic quotas = dealing with this mess ?? 
  the doors to europ are open , middle east is as unstable as ever !, 
  keep on pretending that eu is doing anything to solve this puzzle by perfuming this carcass as solution . 
  and where the hell was unrelated funds or anything else used as leverage for mastrich debt \\ deficit rules that major countreis all accross eu were breaching for years now . 
  this is an epic hypocrysy and frankly blackmail and the sweetest part is it doesn not resolve damn shit !, 
  you said '' let them drown '' not him so youre conclusion is irrelevant and franky populistic . 
  no one proposes any solution whatsoever to this crisis and instead working on it we 're waisting time and energy on quotas ( but the doors to europe are as open as their were and crisis on middle east is continuing ) . 
  there 's one more factor , per definition country is responsible for good beeing on it 's people , that 's the objective . 
  you know i do get that youre a cheep troll but ffs where were those migrants exactly when she opened her mouth again ? 
  behind the borders or stucked betwen hungary \\ serbia \\ croatia being send to austria with shitload of acusations betwen those above . 
  i 'm anti quotas myself but you sir , youre just waist of time and space . 
   thank god you came along with your great idea cause so far no one even thought of that your right , let 's keep the doors open and pretend that 's the solution . 
  move along nothing to see here . 
  i 'm not calming that i have solution , but then again what the actual decision makers have right now is not a solution as well . 
  so why wasting time for pretending that we do something and blindly swinging eu fists at each other if that does n't help with any actual solution proposal ? 
  fair point , thou there are no fines for not accepting pointless quotas as well . 
  so how come unrelated structural funding is being draged in to quotas discussion to force some countries when no such tricks were used for deficit \\ debt enforcement ? 
  lol dude it 's not about powerhouses or france by that matter . 
  in the `` respect the rules '' or penalties from unrelated angles kind of discussion it 's hard to defend this stance if the rules to follow are cherry-picked .
