poland did that ? 
  well , well show me the independent polish goverment that made that decision . . even better show me any polish signature over certain conference document when this decision was agreed . 
  we had as much to say about this as any other countryt that would soon be know as east block . 
  gotcha and no , i 'm not implying that they are, 
  i 'm afraid i missed your point here, 
  i assure you that nothing changed in terms of how pointless poland sees all ther quota and `` quick fix '' solution proposed by eu . 
  but pl have it 's own interest as well ( ukrain and russia , eu energy market ) , interest that are not shared by hungary and other v4 ( russia santions , stabilizing ukrain ) . 
  in terms of that it would be counterefective to piss on southern eu ( mostly italy and greece ) when they need some relief . 
  i just hope that after this empty gesture regarding migrant crisis we 'll start talking seriously about long term solution as all that hart warming bollocks about accepting migrants is a big `` welcome to '' message for all illegal migrants , human trafficers and absolutly nothing for those in refuge camps or stability in me region . 
   i must apologize for my fellow-countryman / u/pablospicyweiner . 
  you know what people say about germans and humor ... no worries , we all have our little quirks  i think all three of us are against generalgouvernement damn right i 'm against that !, 
   and still you replied by presenting statistical data without providing a source as if / u/theoryofjustice was being serious . 
  i 'm sure you see that it was a generalisation as well just to prove the point . 
   edit : also yeah germans . . ech time you get clinged to a concept you 're taking it way overboard oh you , if you red the context of that reply i 'm sure you 'll see where it was going, 
  that was the joke neighbour . 
  i think all three of us are against generalization . 
  probability of german person beeing a descendant of nsdap party member is far bigger then polish person having any relations with car thief . 
  power of generalisation compels you !, 
  thank you kind sir but it 's a race that will help and benefit us all in the long run and that 's the target, 
  i will humbly accept that statemetn ... but in return i 'll tell you that . 
  what every once in a while it strikes me how westerners are naive and cant comprehend how fleximble and willfull poles are . . after all history od europ is longer than last 100 years and that regretfull post ww2 disolation of `` east '' and `` west '' parts of this continent . 
  they will run back to you the next day ... and this time those will be construction companies and other specialist ... since you know we have a good reputation and better offers than german companies so public infra offers will be easy to grab, 
  we have some time before that no doubt . . untill then . . free open european market works both ways neighbour, 
  well , well seams like construction companys from some neighbour states will have their hands full of work, 
   uk is in line with the polish plumbers hah how wity and funny . . go beeing `` master race '' somwhere else, 
   thank god i 'm protestant then :d well nobody 's perfect and i have only respect for you vampire people , decent and lovely folks all bunch of you . 
  no absolutions !, 
  everyones a sinner and only we are holly with jon paul ii as the holiest of us all ... aaaaman !, 
  yeah germans . . ech time you get clinged to a concept you 're taking it way overboard . 
  that 's the part poles ca n't understand about you , why ca n't you be flexible and adaptive when situation is changing ? 
  this we `` must '' follow agenda and logic even when the very loggic got twisted to the point that it 's a mocery of original idea . 
  in short nice people , respectfull with calm and logical approach that gets really bizzare and odd after some time . 
   you will hear about the truth of jesus ' birth and origin , because he was born in the middle of hungary , and god himself gave this land to us heh rookies , you need to work harder before you reach christ of nations lavel magyar bro, 
  yes you do and you call it chicago, 
   without germany , poland would be belarus . 
  do n't ever forget that you should be greatfull withou us marshal plan west germany would be on commie east level . 
  do n't ever forget that . 
  and cut the crap about `` you own me '' , both countries are benefactors of those arrengements . 
  now go compare leggal migration within eu with illegal migration for beneffits more . 
  especialy when german goverment and others do n't give a flying fck about dublin ii or other agreements . 
  let 's just send the message that paying money to trafficers , coming to eu illegaly is ok !, 
  we could take actual war reffuges from reffuge camps ie . 
  in turkey . 
  because you know , per defintion youre a war refuge in first safe coutry . 
  but hey , at least with current attitude more hart cripling `` drawned boy '' pics and much humanitarian reasons can be cryed out loud by midleclass eu left . 
  ok , good to know . 
  so what now ? 
  nationalizing private properties for migrants ? 
  that would cause some damage . 
  besides , vienna and austria is one thing , in majority of east states property market is wee bit harsher and costs are significant for a regular person . 
  how on earth would people in those countries go with assigning flats to migrants when there 's insuficient amount of social flats for locals ? 
  besides , even if there would be surplus of free flats that no one want , i does n't answer other questions that i 've raised . 
  we realle ca n't use private apartments here as we 're talking about state owned , social apartements only . 
  and prove me wrong if that 's the case , i would bet my money that number of those is insuficient for local needs not mentioning several thousend people + their families . 
  my point stays , bullshit bingo like quotas wo n't solve any of the issues that should be addressed just in terms of providing her and now , not mentioning long term migration crisis . 
  what merkle anounced was that it 's ok to ilegaly cros eu borders as you will be accepted . 
  instead of eu taking refuges from refuge camps with one smoth move eu send a message it 's ok to come illegaly !, 
  more income for trafickers , more drawned children for moral blackmail . . it 's ok !, 
  eu have no quarell with people coming here illegaly . 
  no proper accomodation really ? 
  show me the country in eu that have surplus of several thousand houses . 
  heck even in munich those people were moved to temporary shelters like stadium . 
  no one is ready toi provide accomodation on norwegian prison level and no it 's not about space it 's about provision for thousands that will be entitled for family reunification ak more economical migrants . 
  ffs those were suppose to be war refuges . . even camps are a wee bit better then bombs and gun fire . 
  theres is absolutly no plan on how to provide for thousand of homeless people and there wo n't be an agreement to provide for such mass in smaler or poorer countries . 
  the whole discussion of quotas is an absurd as well , we are mearly ensuring migrants that they can ilegaly cross borders to eu and it 's all fine . 
  force countries to accept first bulk of people , other will follow , what then ? 
  in truth they have demands that have nothing to do with reality and eu policy has no clue what to do in long run . . only thing we get is germany action all moral out of the suden , not giving flying fck about law and agreements just making it worst . 
  this whole idea of leting illegals stay instead taking them from refugee camps will just ensure more and more will buy a ticket from trafickers , more and more will drawn and this will go nowhere . 
  you do realise that there were several years of draught in syria which caused people to migrate to the cities  overpopulation with water shortage  protest against asad for not doing anything  secret police started to pacificate protesters  internal strife which ended with more protest and finaly , open conflict ? 
  a redditor for two days . . with a list of intersting posts . . how 's the wether in russia ? 
  do you even check who is that guy and what did he said before posting ? 
  he 's not a leader of a country , not even top politician just an old radical who always was a source of amusement and controversy . 
   country that is at the receiving end of massive eu payments yeah , equiwalent of 1-2 % of yearly poland spending and masive due to the size of the country in comparition to other eu states . 
  not like similar in size spain was having wey back when they joined eu . 
  oh well and yes the harsh truth is that even thou it 's moral , ethical ( depends if youre coming from christian or humanism point of view ) to help emigrants it doesnt change the fact that a lot of them are not refuges but economical migrants . 
  they do n't give a flying fck about first safe country they want walfare . 
  eu , so far , is throwing moral reprimends and emotional rethorics without single serious debate on how to integrate those people , how to ensure that they will be able to stand on their own feets , how not to create new gethos and how to ensure radicals will not be a threat to locals . 
  no cost estimations or a single word that those young man are seeking assylum so they could be reunited with their families ak more migrants . 
  as a side note i 've read y-day a post from a caucasian girl that have runed away from chehenia with her mom and younger brother . 
  the thing that struck me was that she found her life in poland , did a lot to lern the language and her story showed harsh difference betwen war refuge and economical migrants , . 
  she was runing away with mothers and childrens when man were fighting , had nothing , and comited herself to integration . 
  in oposition we have thousends of young man that want , that expect , that demand . 
  good luck with that . 
  hah poland not on the list !, 
  lets celebrate !, 
   dude . 
  you ca n't change what people say about eastern europeans simply by claiming that they do n't do so . 
  i do agree , you ca n't change waht people say about . . genocidal nazis . 
  we 'll since people say that it has to be true !, 
  so let us all continue with `` what people say '' , emotional blackamil and propaganda or else someone will finaly ask for reality check and ask how would we like to ensure that those economical migrants will find place to live , work , will be able to stand on their own feets , will integrate instead creating another ghettos and just as a cherry on the top how the fck we can ensure taht radicals will not blend in . . you know to stay poloiticaly correct and sensitive from our midle class appartments perspective . 
  because it 's sure as hell that this sweet bonanza does n't have any down sides ( but if someone will raise such concerns let 's just call them far right xenophobes ) . 
  oh do n't be like that youre the grand dutchy . 
  totaly central e and you wont run away from commonwelth heritage : *, 
  my personal opinion and observation here : poles are by culture a bit anarchistic . 
  even with our conservatistm there would be solid efort to find a loop hole and say `` no '' just because we were told to do so . 
  best approach would be to refer to solidarity , commonwelth etc. 
  so basically our pride . . when inspired we tend to go romanticly overboard . 
  we 're bipolar as well, 
  were geting closer to new competition '' who 's drunkard is better '',
