  dude that 's your source ? 
  try a pool from `` nie '' ( jerzy urban 's weekly if it 's still around ) on catholic church . . that would be equaly relevant and unbias . 
  schrodinger 's britain, 
  you barely forced yourselves to do anything till this day tbh . 
  since the referendum you managed to agree that your government can legally start article 50 procedure , they have n't started it yet thou . 
  oh boy space here we come !, 
  fair again thou i 'm genuinly curious . 
  why do you believe all of the fromer east block countries are so eager to move their back on russia ( as a continuator state of zsrr ) . 
  did it ever occure in general russian public opinion that there 's a reason for that and now western plot is not an answer ? 
  i ment the solidarity movement . 
  annyway your saying only 25 years . . well that half a century during which everyone ( well most ) else ( from old east block ) evolved quite a bit and for a big chunk of it rosja was not going all paranoic and pushy so both sides were traiding and generaly speaking going right direction to move further . 
  anyway it was just a thought . 
  that 's fair point . 
  question then . . why your neighbours did n't look for any additional security a decade ago and are super keen to get one now ? 
  there was no love alright but at least russia and former easter block started trade and had this ballance with we can gain more from cooperating then from throwing rocks on each other . 
  good point and i absolutely agree . 
  question is how to influence or change your country from the inside if you 're in kleptocratic country lead by authoritarian `` strong '' leader ? 
  i mean anything you 'll advocate for will be called `` colorful revolution '' or treason . 
  i ca n't even imagine movements like solidarity happening in russian society, 
  well said junior member !, 
  your interlocutor referred to his personal experience and clearly mention that this is his `` opinion `` for which you replied with a lot of adjectives and referred to `` studding stuff '' aka . 
  education . 
  the whole point of opinion is that it 's not a scientific knowledge but rather personal experience and bits of trivia in particular subject . 
  for some reason you ca n't have educated well documented knowledge on every aspect of live and yet you 'll formulate opinions , as long as those are clearly explained to be `` opinions '' and not `` 100 % facts '' this opens an opportunity for conversation and ie . 
  rhetoric . 
  in short do n't go all `` much moral heights '' over that fellow , he shared his opinion , talk to him explain your point of view instead of shutting his mouth with all those little adjectives . 
  could you spend some money and check what opinion means in comparision to knowledge ? 
  you could start with this greek guy socrates as his two methods were kinda key to establish difference betwen opinion and definition ( free of charge knowledge so your ' e welcome !, 
  8 \\ 10 propaganda garbage work . . try to emphasize on murdering , treasons , lizard man , fears and besieged syndrome . 
  also you should refer to glorious leader \\ solution which will totally save truestest polish national cause defined by our glorious leader . 
  let the rage be strong in you, 
  can you at least try to step out from domestic political propaganda ? 
  the very term `` polish national cause '' is a broad , unspecific , symbolistic crap used to slander one another with some undefined polish national cause that obviously only my party represents ( not like those traitors \\ fascists \\ communists \\ whatever from party x ) . 
  grow up or try youtube comments . 
  i stand corrected thou it been a while till they went with such cost effective t-34 as soviet union was using crapier equipment in initial phase of german invasion . 
  my point was , even as cost efficient tank as t-34 was a iron coffin when facing tiger . 
  but soviets could produce far more of t-34 with fuell reserves and crews . 
  something that germans could not match in the long run . 
  it will be just faster if you be so kind and check my reply to notsoviet . 
  this was a reply to so0meone that clamed that beeing rich means youre the big guy in the club . 
  i know that nominal gdp of lichtenstain is a joke in comparision with behemoth like gremany but the point was : beeing rich does n't mean beeing geopoliticaly relevant \\ among strongest, 
   but that is all pretty much irrelevant when you consider the absurdity of your claim that one country with less than 0.1 % the population of another would have twice the gdp . 
  well my bad the point was exactly oposite of that . 
   russia has a gdp lower than italy , yet it is treated like a hegemon this is what i was replying at . 
  the point of why is russia considered strong if they are poor . 
  i pointed out that beeing rich means shit in geopolitical terms using the absurdity of `` averagre joe '' in lichtenstain beeing among the richest individuals around the world and yet no one thoughh about lichtenstain being a major player in global politics . 
  both world wars proved that this is a long game and not a weekend conflict . 
  those number count then . 
  secondly , to believe that china and russia military is crappy is a big mistake . 
  one of them is full capable to get all of us back into stone age . 
  also f35 has n't kill anyone as far as i know and it has rather mixed reviews in terms of actual capabilities . 
  plus , again , german tigers vs soviet t-34 . 
  so what you can one shot them like cans ... you 'll never have enough ammo to get all of them . 
  you used nominal and i refered to ppp . 
  i used it to point out that being rich means litle in the subject of geopolitical position . 
  try to out-produce a country with significantly more natural and demographic resources . 
  you know during wwii german produced the most advanced tanks in the world . . but soviet union could produce shitload of crapy tanks , get fuel and crew to them and outlast german technological advantage by far . 
  that 's the geopolitical position of russia : size , capabilities and no need to deal with election . 
  to outwage it with `` but we 're rich and technologicaly advance '' is a joke . 
  i 'm fully aware of what gdp ppp means and that italy nominal gdp is twice as big . 
  it 's just absurd to debunk a threat based on financial factor alone . 
   russia has a gdp lower than italy , lichtenstain has a gdp ppp twice the size of germany . . numbers means less in global political arena . 
  you also comparingdemocratic countrys with authoritarian one . 
  gues who hase to deal with public opinion and who is above such concerns like legitymacy of it 's policys . 
  rusia can threten every eu country military wise , make substantial political and economical presure on east part of eu . 
  and how will west react to that ? 
  make `` not my problem '' mistake again ? 
  before this escalates further . 
  i asked you about particular statement and i did use word feuilleton for a reason . 
  to keep semantics straight : feuilleton is a piece of opinion and not a scientific article . 
  you 're referring to education which got me puzzled as , even thou it 's a personal opinion , eco does refer to a lot of common elements of fascist movements with already mentioned statement , that the share variety of those movements makes it hard to distinguish `` must have '' elements . 
   as anyone with a half-decent education would recognize it for a ridiculous fact-less insult would you be so kind and explain based on what you stated above ? 
  as points in this feuilleton are refering to common political science elements of fascistm definition . 
  oh w8 , so there were no ally forcess in uk during battle of britain right ? 
  no loans from us ? 
  you single handly went to normandy and brok the germans on eastern front ? 
  apollogies then !, 
  but seriously now :  what she is saying is we are leaving , end of story . 
  then article 50 please or else is just bald talking  but if you want to give us access to the single market so it does n't hurt the eu as well as the uk the that 's up to you . 
  as far as i remember you ca n't have one without another , no cherry picking here and do n't put the `` hurting '' part on eu , brits voted to leave without actual plan . 
   their is a lot of uk and `` they must be punished '' except cheep trolling no there 's not . 
  again you put the ball on eu when your gov is placing you in marvelous position of having no plan , expecting to keep benefits without nothing in exchange , promising better deals when you 'll be most vulnerable ( desperate for new trade deals without any backup , i 'm sure us and china with treat you fairly ) . 
  everyone predicts that such approache will fail and yet the way your gov swings it it will be eu fault again . 
   like we did europe against the germans you personally did you magnificent man !, 
  also , with such marvelous historical knowledge your political and economic statements make sense now . 
  i 'm sure you was all about not listening to those pesky experts . 
  #education hurts, 
  there 's nothing wrong with looking for midle ground . 
  thou there 's a difference betwen what i would like to see and facts . 
  poland does n't have it that bad ( our right wingers are just easy-triggered kind of people ) , but countries like ukraine are prime example of how much sovereignity you can get as a neighbour . 
  the very fact that two rather close nations were able to go that far from each should tell you how long is the leash . 
  here 's a hint , move closer to russia border or to russia itself . 
  for some reason the closer you are the better view you have . 
  if oligarchic republic that strugles with sovereignty concept of their neighbours does n't sound appeling to you that is . 
   have allowed the color revolutions and nato expansion did you ever asked yourself a question why those former soviet republics want a pro-west goverment or why , subsequently , they are trying to be part of nato ? 
  rossia do not own them . 
  i would give you a solid berlusconi, 
   but i got 5 times as much karma grow up . 
  it may be a shocker for you but karma and attention does n't make your arguments more logical nor coherent . 
  hope that you at least feel good about yourself since you know . . you got karma for it !,
