  we 've get rid of national chauvinism , religious bigotry but ended up defenseless versus aggressive ideology mixed with religious flavor . 
  if you follow soviet history with all the atrocities done by their government to their own people ( great purge as an example ) you 'll see why there 's such hug acceptance to state control , or should i say obedience . 
  it always puzzled me how come russians and other nationalities within russia are so pro soviet when their own government back then committed such crimes on their own people . 
  seems like myth remained but memory got crumbled by propaganda . 
  well i 'm not finish but that nokia part is wrong . . they sold part of the company and now they 'll invest that money . 
  difference is one is asymmetric conflict while other is symmetric one with both sides using tanks , artilery etc. 
  those are not same conflicts . 
  both require different methods even thou both conflicts are de jure & de facto wars . 
  actually he has a point . 
  it 's same as recent court decision clearing serbia from genocide accusation due to legal-semantic reasons ( basically they challenged the definition of genocide in regards to serbian actions during the war ) . 
  although it 's strictly political rhetoric . 
  you can challenge the term `` genocide '' as right now it 's mostly used for holocaust but the crimes remains . 
  in my private opinion it 's hiding head in the sand . 
  crimes were committed and the narrative i hear from turkey is mostly semantic ( ak not genocide ) without expresis verbis statement - yes we committed crimes on civilian population based on ethnical background . 
  you 're welcome . 
  this particular one was quite importand as subsequently it prevent russia from going west ( there was a lot of communist support in post wwi germany ) so in short from creating iron curtain in 20s . 
  we have a history with russia . . the kind that both sides should end for their own sake . 
  well poland have f-16c \\ d block . . so yeah `` aircraft manufactured in the communist days '' , 
  because baltic = easy to block pond . 
  navy is not main concern when you 're continental state, 
  [ like last time when it was 1v1 ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ), 
  right into lithuania national pride . . but do n't you worry lithuanian bro . 
  you 'll always be grand duchy in our hearts !, 
  some ethnic cleansing and suddenly everyone is on your back . . assholes, 
  this may be a shocker for some russians but other nations can choose on their own ( without asking motherland for permission ) . 
  and time from ussr end till today was kinda wasted in ukraine . 
  in comparison other east bloc countries developed rather well . 
  in short : crappy economy based on natural resources only , oligarchs and minimum development as part of russia sphere of influence or getting close with west , all the painful reforming part and actual change . 
  pesky us and eu and their development luring vassals out of glorious authoritarianism !, 
  they could call you `` latvian '' , 
  that 's british, 
  thats outsorcing for you !, 
  answer that you are looking for is krakow . 
  cheeper then warsaw , great nightlife . 
  question is what would you like to study ? 
  sounds resonable, 
  hipster , 
  oh we 're just ensuring that some historical facts that were missing in western history are properly highlighted . 
  you know the good old '' hi !, 
  remember that yalta deal you maid 50 years ago ? 
  we 'll we survived and have something to say about it '' . 
  ps : yes , we are best martyrs ps2 : out of curiosity is there any specific that you think poland should be criticized for in comparision to countries you mentioned ? 
  poland best martyr !, 
  if so then ask for some advice first . 
  france did that invasion plan once , disregarded polish advices . . and we all know how did that end for grande armee, 
  [ why you ask ? 
  i find `` work in perfect harmony '' as an insult to our european culture !, 
  a ) data source please especially for those 12bill \\ yearly b ) you 're sure you 're not lumping all structural funds and other as direct input to country 's budget ? 
  because if yes then that 's some creative budgeting, 
  15 % really ? 
  please go check polish economic data , find what 's the percentage of eu founds in comparison to yearly budget as get of your high horse . 
  eu is not sponsoring poland , not even mentioning the part that 38million market where companies can invest is a huge bust for those company 's country of origin . 
  you western drunks should lern some drinking culture from more civilized parts of eu \\ s, 
  we 'll look here we just found some dimitri guy , he claims to be russian prince . . think we should escort him to his home as a good neighbour that we are . 
  your ' e welcome btw !, 
  no , it was n't a georgaphical term for half of xix century and all of our history is a bit longer . 
  do n't use words like historically if you do n't have knowledge in the subject . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwelth had multireligius \\ nationality structure and elected kings when western europ was in the midle of religius wars . 
  and that just one country from that part of europe . 
  nope , just quran and parts of old testament . 
  christianity wins !, 
  wow . 
  here 's a though . 
  grow up , lern some basics regarding economy , markets , international law and ratified agreements then try to post something . 
  so far your ' e going straight into bild level of narration for dumies ( empty statement based on blatant lies and emotional drama ) . 
  now is n't that great . 
  the only country in germany occupied europe that had death sentence \\ concentration camp laws against locals hiding \\ helping jews . 
  one of two , as far as i remember , without any form of collaborative government . 
  country that actively fought germans in 1939 germany : [ note 2 ] 16,343 killed , 3,500 missing , [ 11 ] 30,300 wounded for september 1939 alone . 
  country that mounted [ biggest resistant movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_underground_state ) in all occupied europe . 
  one could think that those guys were serious when fighting germans . 
  but no , nothing like that they were more preoccupied with killing jews instead . 
  ffs why on earth would you create law to penalize those that help jews in a country of jew blood hungry murderers ? 
  how the fck anyone can seriously say that poles killed more jews than germans ??? 
  edit : typo, 
  aww , personal attack , i would say you try to experiment with eristic but no . . that 's not the case . 
  problem with ignorant is that they think that `` random dictionary entry '' is comparable to years of studies in particular subject . 
  from basic concept like philosophy till years of evolving political doctrines and supplementary knowledge from social studies . 
  oh well , you have your web definition thus `` you know '' things without a doubt . 
  the difference between aggressive immatures like you and knowledge can be pointed this way . 
  one of my professors , a 71 year old scholar that spend last 50 years on particular political doctrines said once after being asked for such lovely yes \\ no - black \\ white answer '' after last 50 or so years that i spend studding this subject i thing i begin to understand the magnitude of it . 
  yet , intellectually speaking , i 'm unable to provide definite answer '' just so you know , it 's not false humbleness or ignorance . 
  do you even understand basic political doctrines ? 
  you 're using nationalism as synonym of chauvinism and those are not the same . 
  nationalism is xix century invention and it played huge role in transition from feudal state to modern era . 
  ffs dude you 're using internet !, 
  try to search for some political science knowledge before you start throwing such `` definite opinions '' based on pure ignorance of the subject you try to discuss . 
  i have n't said that he 'll do it all alone . . i 'm just pointing out that we have a guy who 's on fire in eliminations as well as bundesleague, 
  roll on sunday indeed . 
  but we have lewandowski, 
  i was sayin that , if you really thing that theoretical situation when meps from two countries would tag alone and dictate conditions to whole eu is ok then well ... this whole project would go shiters instantly . 
  dictatate and especialy dictate from abroad is a total and abolute red flag for some of us . 
  and how is that `` everyone '' ? 
  i trully hope that this was n't serious answer coming from you . 
  i am free to choose not to send my kid to religion class - i 'm excersising my civic rights and freedoms i am free not to send my kid to a mosque visiting field trip - i 'm a islamophobe i have right to be free from religion as long as it 's not islam ( that i have to embrace ) . 
  it 's not hypocrisy but the fact that most of we do n't get that this is peaches to apples comparison . 
  uk is a democratic country , russia is an authoritarian one . 
  uk civil rights are guaranteed and exercised , russian civic rights never developed as a `` thing '' within russian society . 
  it 's easy to bash uk using concept important to west world and not apply them on your own ground where no one treats those are crucial for their own civic right .
