were these pictures taken in the discount section or what ? 
  to say someone from golden dawn . 
  a group heavily linked to white supremacist violence , including murders , seems reasonable to compare them to a jihadi . 
  to compare ukip ( and i think afd is simialr biut i might be wrong ? ), 
  who are mostly old people who are scared about romanians stealing their garden gnomes to jihadis is frankly ridiculous . 
  i do n't support ukip but it 's slanderous to suggest equivalency between them and golden dawn . 
  well i strongly imagine this is to do with more people with roots in parts of the world where evolution is a less accepted idea being in europe . 
  at school the idea of evolution was totally heckled by african or african origin pentecostals and jehovah 's witnesses as well as muslims , who together made the majority of the class . 
  all the white / not of immigrant descent people apart from one guy who was a jehovah 's witness believed in evolution . 
  there is definitely more old school fascism / racism here . 
  i think there 's less anti eu sentiment . 
  that 's not the same thing though . 
  ukip is big in the uk , but they 're more like extreme conservatives . 
  pp in spain is already more right wing than the conservatives in the uk on social issues so there is no need for a party like this . 
  ukip voters are mostly people who think the conservatives are ` sell outs ' . 
  i ca n't speak for everywhere , but nazi / fascist stuff is more common where i am . 
  i guess it 's also more shocking to me . 
  it seems to me there 's more anarchist and communist grafitti here too , although you see some in england too . 
  i guess we are not a people of strong opinions like some countries . 
  that 's not it . 
  there 's grafitti in other places . 
  it 's a little disturbing imo seeing swastikas and that arrow falange logo thingy on a daily basis . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not since i have n't come across any eastern europeans here and the city i 'm in has a reputation for fascism . 
  there are few immigrants here but they are mostly black african , moroccan or romanian gypsy . 
  i 'm quite certain the grafitti is by local skinheads . 
  some of it is explicitly pro falangist . 
  also the uk has many eastern europeans and they do n't seem to bring any fascism to the uk so i do n't see why they would in spain . 
  okay , thank you , i will look that up . 
  where i live in spain is absolutely full of nazi grafitti . 
  i 've literally never seen racist grafitti in england , and like once in germany , but here i see like 20 every day . 
  spain is so direct . 
  i have found it really hard to adjust to . 
  they do n't sugarcoat things at all and it 's also very difficult being introverted in spain . 
  i 'm not sure that makes it more civilised but that 's the difference . 
  why do you think that ? 
  i see . 
  i 've found it extremely hard where i am . 
  thanks a lot . 
  yeah i 'm dense and had forgotten they could be natural . 
  thanks , i 'll have to check that out . 
  did you read any particular articles or anything that were good ? 
  i envy people who speak local minority languages . 
  i think it 's neat to keep those traditions alive . 
  i 'm always secretly envious of the welsh when i see their road signs . 
  english and spanish , can get by in portuguese ( although i find brazillians way easier to understand than portuguese ) ,, 
  can anyone from there explain to me how they could go from living together peacefully under tito to doing some of the most gruesome warcrimes ever so quickly ? 
  or direct me to somewhere i can read about this ? 
  do you know what the one that seems to be in vasa , finland is ? 
  and the other ones in northern sweden, 
   their warm and welcoming attitude towards foreigners . 
  do n't move to northern spain . 
  i 've only known two bulgarians , who were perfectly nice and friendly . 
  i 've also never met anybody who has expressed any negative feelings about bulgaria , so i would n't worry about it . 
  attacking a pregnant woman is especially bad though . 
  as yet unproven , i 'd imagine . 
  they had stalin on the side of their public buses a couple of years ago for the anniversary of stalingrad or something , as if he was a great guy , but just because they are blindly nationalistic and do n't criticise their own country does n't mean we should blindly support our own i guess . 
  i was n't even trying to be make an anti serbian post to begin with . 
  i just thought this documentary made the genocide seem very real on a human scale , and made me feel bad that current europeans make jokes about it . 
   ancestors well chechnya , kosovo and bosnia were in the 90s , so i guess it could be people they personally know , the lack of objectivity still sucks though . 
  i do n't think it should be illegal to make that joke , but that does n't mean i do n't think it would be better if people thought about what it really meant more , and refrained from doing so out of their own will . 
  do n't you think making those jokes on some level shows this kind of action support ? 
  or at least makes it seem less serious than it is ? 
  you are not allowed to have an opinion based on where you are born ( if your country is n't edgy enough ) . 
  i see what you 're saying but i realy disagree . 
  i think you 're right about the ironic racism between friends , playing on stereotypes , but i think it 's a little different to mocking a massacre . 
  telling your polish friend you only invited him to your house because your plumbing is broken , is pretty different to this , which is one of the most obscene things that happened in europe in recent years . 
  edit : the type of thing you 're talking about is when both sides find it funny . 
  the widows and mothers who have lost their sons in this documentary , would not fine ` remove kebab ' amusing . 
  if you read my post history , not all of my views are the most poltically correct i guess . 
  if you watch this documentary though , it 's extremely fucking sad . 
  you do n't have to be a politically correct sjw for that . 
  sorry if i 'm a retard but please explain . 
  i posted this because this documentary was shocking to me , and it then made me annoyed how people make jokes about it which i found dehumanising . 
  i was never trying to turn this into an anti serbian thread , more like not making jokes of horrible massacres . 
  then why bring it up in the first place ? 
  it 's a seperate incident to anything discussed in this documentary , and not really relevant . 
  you accuse people of hating on all serbs because of the action of a few , but no one was doing that . 
  posting this video is not anti serbian , unless all serbs were involved , which as you said , they were not . 
  so you ca n't admit killing 7000 innocent people on purpose is worse than accidentally killing 15 , because the 15 came from your country as did the murderers of the 7000 , and instead you 're going to act like a child . 
  nice one . 
  i was totally reasonable with you and took your points on board completely but you proved yourself wrong with this . 
  also if you watch the fucking documentary it shows both sides as talks about how the serbs were victims of murders by bosnian militants which led to the hatred which caused the massacre . 
  the british armed forces have comitted warcrimes , but no , they have never done anything like srebrenica . 
  that 's objectively true . 
  if there is some study that suggests we are responsible for more genocides than any ever country i 'd be interested to read it , otherwise you 're a bigotted idiot . 
  you think the usa and uk do n't get more shit than any other country in the world ? 
  i 'm not a nato spokeperson , nor do i represent the british government , but it 's simply not the same , the accidental death of 15 people to a deliberate massacre of 7000 . 
  objectively those are not comparable things , even if negligently killing civilians is terrible too . 
  how are we the country with the most atrocities in the world ? 
  if there is any credible evidence for this i 'll happily admit it . 
  100 years ago is a lot longer than 20 , when civilians were massacred by indian soldiers on british orders there was public outrage and it was never nearly on this scale , but yes it 's something terrible which happened . 
  they did n't do it on the same scale , because for one reason or another they were less successful . 
  attempted murder is not morally better than successful murder if you want to put it like though . 
  it 's not a fact , but you are a bigot . 
  i think the world view in those times was so different you ca n't look at those events and moralise them in the same way as this , as horrible as they are . 
  i do n't accept britain is the country with the most atrocities in the world . 
  there 's no metric to measure that . 
  the french , spanish , portuguese , dutch , mongols , russians , germans , zulus and more have all had huge expansionist empires . 
  it 's trendy to hate on britain though , as our language and anglo saxon culture became so dominant throughout the world because of america . 
  edit : spelling .
