that 's very clever of him . 
  however , it might cost him the figure of `` defender of the faith '' that he has build and seems to make him popular in edgy far-right european circles . 
  and of course , such action will not win him the left , as long as anti-gay laws persist . 
  basically , i think he 's trading popularity in fringe groups in europe against stability in his ~ ~ realm ~ ~ country and popularity amongst his allies in the middle east . 
  very understandable . 
  i 'm curious how europeans leaders will react . 
  they probably wo n't . 
  serbs are shy . / s and if they decided that \u00e0 calm and modest parade is the way for acceptance , then so be it . 
  i am very happy for them . 
  not enough croissants . 
  i 'm going on strike . 
  hard but not impossible , and necessary if we want a better europe . 
  this is why we need , imo , a unified military command with police forces and medical corps so that we can at least give a hand to other member-states when they need it . 
  that would give the eu legitimacy for handling the refugees where they need to be , as well as showing true solidarity to our eastern and southern europe brothers . 
  i think that the `` refugee crisis '' could have been used to strengthen the bonds between the western and eastern europe ( s ) , not weaken them . 
  i thought it was an associated state ? 
  well , downvote me for being wrong !, 
  albert barill\u00e9 and marie curie , from poland !, 
  two national treasures , 
  a little context : it 's about supporting the towns who are voluntarily taking refugees , not about enacting a national plan . 
  i did n't know you had to pass the meetic test to ~ ~ rule ~ ~ watch over a community on the internet : o i 'm fairly new on this subreddit , and for now i 've seen dclauzel delete redundant posts and editorialized titles . 
  i 'd rather browse / r/europe without the guys from / r/european , thank you very much . 
  this is stupid . 
  i 'm personally all for welcoming the refugees , but we ca n't build europe on blackmail , fearmongering and threats . 
  especially when we let hungary take the blame for trying to enforce eu regulations ( albeit with probably more zeal than necessary ) . 
  it was probably made on purpose to rustle some jimmies , in which case it 's a net success . 
  english are just frenchmen in denial , same way swedes are danes in denial . 
  silly immigrations opinions are irrelevant . 
  true nationalism lies in your defense of the * bread * !, 
  * honhonhon , vive le france *, 
  it was all in the implications :p, 
  it 's the new york times , people might be unaware of hungary 's localisation . 
  i used wrong words , he was not really non-business , he was against workers and for an aristocracy of work . 
  which is why he is not a socialist in my opinions . 
  but yes , i was unclear in my speaking . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  european countries share common values , especially about religions , so that makes sense . 
  even country with official state religion are more and more secularized . 
  not really . 
  hitler was * very * pro-business and against the rights of workers . 
  he , for example , banned unions and allow wealthy industrials like ribbentrop to hold a monopolistic empire with little regards to their workers . 
  economic left/right : -7.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.72 i 'm a commie !, 
  i knew it !, 
  ( by americans standards , that is . ), 
  that 's a drastic overestimation . 
  aside from marseille , which deals with mafia problems , the french countryside is at peace . 
  paris itself is very safe , even the infamous barb\u00e8s . 
  our protestations might be a bit violent but there are really rare . 
  the only major riot we had recently was in 2005 , when two young boys from the banlieue walked in an electric transformator after being chased by the police . 
  the situation is nothing as near as a `` french intifada '' or terrorism . 
  your article is dumb and misinformed . 
  only poland can keep us safe now . 
  prepare the hussars !, 
  kebab is coming !, 
  in these kinds of trains , you are checked upon boarding , i think . 
  race-riots in france ? 
  what an uninformed comment . 
  the problem with the fence is that building a wall can only result in more troubles on the border , without being very efficient , judging by the number of people who pass through . 
  european union was created to destroy walls , and a european nation builds one . 
  you are being unnecessary rude . 
  i had made an oversight . 
  some ww1 soldiers were from the colonies . 
  their sacrifice should not be forgotten nonetheless . 
  then take it one step further and invest in their country . 
  if we only focus on the consequences of the crises and not the underlying causes , we only delay the crisis . 
  your view that only native frenchmen make france . 
  ww1 soldiers were from the colonies , marie curie from poland as examples . 
  if i understand you , a country should be a sealed museum , with immigrants as visitors . 
  but how could we create new things without interaction ? 
  one silly example . 
  you ca n't go in any city in france without finding kebabs everywhere . 
  without immigrants , that 's a whole branch of cuisine - and a rather good one at that - that we would n't have . 
  many kebabs chefs offer typical french food alongside their own . 
  france has an history of her own , but she owns a great deal to foreigners - as with all nations in the world . 
  some dudes from africa do have ties to france , it 's called colonisation . 
  wheater or not it places france in `` debt '' to those countries is up to debate . 
  your view is understandable but i do n't share it . 
  in my opinion , diversity makes us beautiful and tolerance will make us all the richer . 
  are turkey and the netherlands that irreconcilable ? 
  i agree with practically everything you say tho . 
  our countries have values , our continent has an history , but one of this values is tolerance and acceptance . 
  we should not forget that . 
  assimilation is kinda inequal , as it makes the burden repose entirely on the immigrant . 
  i think that as long as they learn french , send their kids to schools and follow the rules and principles of the republic , they do n't need to abandon their old cultures , religions , and names . 
  but that 's purely ideological . 
  i must confess that i live in a fairly isolated city , with few immigrants . 
  that 's a way of seeing things . 
  my opinion is that a constant effort from both parts can overcome the differences , as it as done in other situations . 
  but it seems we will not agree on that . 
  attack the problem at its sources , establish safe zones and protect the populations in their own countries ( with a strict policy of simply protecting populations ) . 
  given the scale of the migrant crisis , it 's as much our problem as it 's theirs . 
  that 's an exaggeration . 
  while there are people who obviously do n't want to assimilate and are violent , most of the refugees come from war-torn areas and risk death if they stay . 
  isis and other terrorist groups effectively destroy treasures of human history , such as palmyre in syria , while - i may be an idealist or whatever - immigrants just want somewhere to live . 
  they are not , as far as i know , actively destroying churches . 
  given enough time and effort from both sides , integration is possible . 
  i think being against a culture in itself is a bit prejudiced/bigoted . 
  however , it is perfectly understandable to being uncomfortable with your own heritage being destroyed , which is not what europeans are currently experiencing . 
  good , but it should be noted that the graph is a bit biased since it begins at 55 . 
  it give an impression that russia 's life expectancy is half of the netherland 's when it 's in reality about 3/4 .
