   religious people do n't have to do this so why does it bother them because we like to live in a society that we think behaves in an ethical way . 
  we criminalise murder and theft because we think that to a degree the law should reflect morality ; morality tells us that we should n't harm innocent people so we institute various laws to try and reduce the harm done . 
  it 's a really very simple step to include this in one of those issues , all you have to do is believe that making it legal would be harmful to our society . 
  religious people are allowed to have opinions on ethical and legal issues . 
  they are even allowed to have their religious beliefs inform their ethical views , and they 're * even * allowed to take their ethical views to the ballot box !, 
  crazy , i know . 
  [ germany lost 24.8 billion ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/tax-fraud-vat.146b ) . 
  aside from what has already been mentioned , i think a lot of estonians are concerned that russian-estonians represent a potential fifth-column in estonia , particularly given what putin has done in ukraine and has said `` the same conditions that existed in ukraine and caused russia to take action there '' existed in the three baltic states , which like ukraine have significant numbers of people who regard themselves as ethnically russian '' here [ 1 ] i can sort of understand their nervousness , although the divide that fear creates kind of create the problem . 
  i do also want to point out that there is a historical precedent for what happens to countries to that use unilateral declarations of independence : [ rhodesia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhodesia%27s_unilateral_declaration_of_independence ) , what 's now known as zimbabwe , though the specific circumstances surrounding that were different . 
  unilateral declarations are not the way forward for catalonia . 
  the solution is to pressure the national government into accepting a referendum , and gaining reassurances from the spanish authorities , the eu and un that the results will be honoured , and then making the case to the catalonian people through a free and fair referendum . 
  votes for the coalition parties in a general election can not be understood as a specific democratic endorsement of independence , the issues people vote on are far too broad . 
  many of the people who voted for the snp in our own ones do not necessarily want independence . 
  you need to seek a specific democratic mandate of the majority through a referendum . 
  it 's in your own interests as much as anyone else 's because if you win it and the method was fair then no one can call the legitimacy of moving towards independence into question . 
  nd are a fucking joke . 
  they 're the ones that caused this mess in the first place with their incompetence and corruption . 
  this really does n't make any sense to me . 
  the greeks are angry at tsipras and his party for accepting these crippling austerity measures . 
  that 's understandable . 
  but they then decide to vote for the party that wanted these measures right from the start ? 
  how does that make any sense ? 
  if anything you would expect these ex-syriza voters to be supporting the kkp or something . 
  if you 're angry at the current state of the greek political system and their public institutions then it does not make any sense to vote for the party ( nd ) that corrupted them in the first place . 
  it 's hilarious how untrue this is . 
  yes, 
  isis terrorists * are * the enemy and i do n't give a shit if they get shot on a battlefield . 
  this guy is volunteering , on his own expenses , to kill terrorists for us . 
  i think we should be thanking him . 
  because we 're responsible for the chaos in syria and iraq . 
  why should turkey be the one to shoulder the burden ? 
  turkey already has nearly 2 million refugees and is struggling to cope . 
  one of my friends is helping in a refugee camp in southern turkey at the moment and the situation is extremely volatile there . 
   fuck off or i will use nukes to defend myself . 
  nah , because they know if they did the uk and france would immediately respond and turn the entire northern hemisphere into glass . 
  the advantage of both sides having nukes is that it essentially * forces * both sides to engage using conventional forces or diplomacy . 
  okay so i just did a little bit of research the uk parliament ( i.e. 
  that one over there in london ) is sovereign in the overseas territories . 
  short of a udi , if we pass a law here in the uk in respect to how they operate , they have to abide by it . 
  if its our land , do these overseas territories only enjoy self-rule at our enjoyment ? 
  if we were to say `` fuck it , you guys are twats , we 're tarmacing the island and building an airport on it '' , would they be able to do anything about it ? 
  how 's that pronounced ? 
  like ` spiders ' without the ` r ' ? 
  it pisses me off when i 'm trying to sit outside for a beer in the summer and i 'm spending half the time waving off wasps terrified one 's going to sting me . 
  you 'd think in 2015 we 'd have found a way to just ward them off for these sorts of things ... 
  chavs are called neds in scotland are n't they ? 
  think some in north england call them ` townies ' too, 
  good save, 
  rhodesia is actually a really tricky and interesting one . 
  it has a * very * complex history . 
  i do highly recommend people have a read about it , [ the wikipedia articles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhodesia ) are very informative , and there are a number of quite fascinating documentaries floating about as well . 
  it 's quite unique in that it is ( to my knowledge ) the only african colony of ours that * unilaterally * declared independence while still operating under a system of white rule , and did so in direct response to our demands that they end it !, 
  basically what was once rhodesia is now zimbabwe . 
  but back when it was rhodesia it was a positively * thriving * country , known as the `` breadbasket of africa '' because it produced such enormous amounts of food and tobacco to africa and beyond , containing the most fertile farmland of any country on the continent . 
  the prime minister at the time , ian smith , declared independence in 1965 because the british crown kept pushing him and his government to end the subjugation of black rhodesians . 
  and actually , rather interestingly , despite the fact that the british co-operated with other major powers to enforce crippling economic sanctions on rhodesia , it continued to grow at a rapid pace . 
  there 's a bit here in the ' [ economic history of rhodesia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_history_of_zimbabwe#under_company.2c_british_and_minority_rule ) ' that says : '' * the economy of the state of rhodesia sustained international sanctions for a decade following the declaration of its independence , a resistance which waned as more southern african states declared independence and majority rule as well as the destruction of the rhodesian bush war . 
  * '' there 's also a rather interesting article [ here in the atlantic ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2003/12/how-to-kill-a-country/302845/ ) about how mugabe destroyed rhodesia after winning the civil war against ian smith 's government . 
  it 's a * very * detailed analysis of 10 key ways in which rhodesia was turned into the disaster that is zimbabwe . 
  well worth a read . 
  i only write all this because rhodesia is something of a personal interest of mine and hope that a few more people might find this interesting . 
  i should also say that i do n't write any of this as a * defence * of white-rule in zimbabwe , it was racist and wrong of course . 
  but it is important to note that this what you see in zimbabwe today is exactly what you get when a situation like that in rhodesia is allowed to unravel into violence and conflict . 
  there are many countries , as / u/stellapac notes , where britain left peacefully and who thereafter flourished . 
  the nature and manner in which a colonial entity , or empire , withdraws from it 's colony makes an * incredible * difference to how that former colony then performs . 
  what happened with rhodesia is they traded minority rule by whites to minority rule by a corrupt extremist elite under robert mugabe . 
  it has moved from rule by a small white elite to rule by a small black elite . 
  but now it also levels of corruption , nepotism etc. 
  characteristic of many of the other failed states in africa right now . 
  and i think that actually britain does n't get quite enough credit for that : france , portugal etc. 
  largely left their colonies in chaos , britain did a much better job of putting in place the correct kinds of infrastructure to make the newly independent state one that might last and prosper , and leaving in a way that minimised conflict and ensured a smooth transition to independence . 
  you can see that in the democratic and parliamentarian traditions of countries like india , and in the economic liberalism and desire for stable constitutional government in hong kong , and singapore . 
  and you can see how they 've benefited from that in the way they 've flourished since . 
  the infrastructure we built largely for self-interested reasons also supported the rapid economic growth they all experienced . 
  obviously you could respond ` oh , great , thanks for not fucking these countries up as badly as you could have done , have a gold star ' but when you consider the contrast and what that meant for real people and families i think it is something we should receive some credit for . 
   you mean , the thing that is fucking the planet and all non-human species on earth today ? 
  great . 
  after that bit there was no way the rest of your comment was going to have anything of value to gleam . 
  it 's amazing how cack-handed that was . 
  not one our finest moments frankly , which is frustrating because we could have done an excellent job of it , we had some very talented diplomats and other types who could have done a far better job of partitioning india and pakistan . 
  [ wikipedia  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radcliffe_line#boundary-making_procedures )  all lawyers by trade , radcliffe and the other commissioners had all of the polish and none of the specialized knowledge needed for the task . 
  they had no advisers to inform them of the well-established procedures and information needed to draw a boundary . 
  nor was there time to gather the survey and regional information . 
  the absence of some experts and advisers , such as the united nations , was deliberate , to avoid delay . 
  britain 's new labour government `` deep in wartime debt , simply could n't afford to hold on to its increasingly unstable empire . '', 
  `` the absence of outside participants -- for example , from the united nations -- also satisfied the british government 's urgent desire to save face by avoiding the appearance that it required outside help to govern -- or stop governing -- its own empire . '', 
  well you ca n't really have it both ways , that 's what / u/tom _ stall is getting at . 
  none of us were involved in , say , the slave trade , so you could make a fair argument that we ca n't therefore feel ashamed of what occurred , as we never did anything wrong : other people before us did . 
  you could make the simple argument that we are not accountable for the actions of our ancestors and therefore bear no moral responsibility for their acts , like slavery , the irish famine , etc. 
  but you ca n't then turn around and say that you * are * proud of their achievements . 
  if you ca n't lay claim to the bad things then you ca n't then lay claim to the positives . 
  unless you just do n't believe that british colonial history is something that we should be ashamed of in any case ? 
  think we 'll be hearing a lot more from those lovely bunch over in golden dawn soon ... 
  presumably sanction us or bring people before the icj ? 
  america keeps lecturing us about accepting immigrants from across the mediterranean , might be a funny test to see how accepting they really are . 
  we legally can not do so as far as i am aware . 
  if they 're picked up in international waters they have to be out onto european soil . 
  middlesbrough is a fucking shithole , i apologise on the behalf of my countrymen that we subjected you to it . 
  we do genuinely have many lovely cities , * even * in the north . 
  york for one , and edinburgh - though it 's mainly inhabited by southerners , which might explain why it 's so nice ...
