  nothing you said contradicted anything he said . 
  he said that without germany the eu as a whole would be far worse off right now , and you responded by accusing germany of benefiting from a failing eu . 
   i think this positive culture is more widespread than you think . 
  you do not go into a profession like that without some moral integrity . 
  i completely agree . 
  everyone goes into the police with moral integrity . 
  very few leave with it intact . 
   the fact that no one pays attention to protests is a problem that lies with our political system , not our police . 
  yep , what i said was n't really relevant to the police , more of protest in general . 
   no accountability whatsoever ? 
  yes we need more accountability , but there are quite a few checks and balances on their power . 
  if there were ` quite a few ' checks and balances then i find it hard to believe that they allowed the continued festering of the disease that is institutional racism in the met . 
  maybe they 're there but unless we see real concrete acts that demonstrate that they are both willing and able to get a handle on the police service and keep them in line then for all intents and purposes they are not . 
  and you can google ` uk police plant drugs ' there 's plenty of stories . 
   there is no use taking your anger about a political issue out on the police . 
  i 'm not saying they should be dummies used to vent frustration . 
  what i am saying is that i do not believe they are powerless and that actually they have as much of a responsibility as any other citizen ( they are , after all , citizens , no amount of badges can change that ) to hold the government to account . 
  if every mp in parliament decided that we are going to drop a nuclear bomb on edinburgh to make them settle down , would you not agree that it is the responsibility of every single citizen of the uk to use as much force as is necessary to get them to stop this ? 
  the police are the defenders of the status quo , but sometimes it deserves no defence . 
  no , not every single officer is a corrupt bastard , but there 's enough of a majority of them that they can shut down attempts to expose their in-club . 
  the police are very much a group of people who will defend each other even if they 've broken the law . 
  and i do agree we need to change the way we police demonstrations : there needs to be much less of it . 
  i maintain that the presence of the police and their interaction with the people at these events is the single largest contributor to protests getting out of hand . 
  i was talking about the 2010 student protests against the increased cap on uni fees . 
  as for the violence there , i 'm afraid i 'm very much neutral on it . 
  peaceful protest does nothing . 
  there was a * fantastic * video which i ca n't find but if i find it i 'll show you when we get back next term , and it was an interview in the us at ( i think ) occupy oakland . 
  there was some acts of property damage and the press swooped on it and they were interviewing a protester and they asked him something like `` do you feel these sorts of acts are drawing the right kind of attention to your movement ? '', 
  and he responded with `` it got me on your news channel did n't it ? '', 
  if you ` peacefully protest ' the news ignores you , if you write a letter or sign a petition the government ignores you , but as soon as you smash a window suddenly the entire press establishment wants you on their tv to talk about your cause . 
   but the idea that the average officer enjoys causing pain to people is unsubstantiated . 
  nah you 're right but i 'd say over a third of them . 
  they get off on the power trip . 
  they have no accountability to the public , because they can just beat the shit out of them , plant some drugs on them and arrest them , and they have no accountability to parliament either . 
  great example from recently : theresa may , the bitch , rejected a public inquiry into the stephen lawrence case , and instead asked that * the police investigate the inquiry themselves . 
  *  they do not make the laws that you are protesting against . 
  i agree with the rest of your paragraph , but i have to be honest , this defence of them sounds very much like a rewording of `` i was only following orders . '', 
  at some point there is a moral imperative to not follow the rules . 
  is that supposed to whitewash them of any blame ? 
  that because they can never be perfect we should n't complain about their failings ? 
   the fact is , if you treat the police like the enemy , they will become the enemy even if they were being respectful before . 
  true , but the reality is the other way around . 
  the police treat the people like the enemy . 
  there was an article a while back about a former scotland yard officer who pointed out that sy train their officers to see the public as the enemy , and another one [ here ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/apr/01/britains-police-at-war-with-people ) . 
  they police see the people of this country as criminals just waiting to be put in jail . 
  they do n't respect us , they do n't trust us , and they 've forgotten that they serve us . 
  the police do n't trust the people , so why should the people trust the police ? 
  it 's reciprocal . 
  i 'm not expecting them to be perfect , but we need to expect better . 
  major riots in some of britain 's major cities and the police are nowhere to be seen . 
  a student protest and police are there batons and pepper spray in hand having the time of their lives !, 
  it 's incompetence more than anything else . 
   it 's not religion , so much as culture you clearly separated one from the other . 
  i pointed out that you can not . 
  you just repeated what i said . 
   how would you suggest the police deal with a peaceful protest with a small number of thugs who use the opportunity to loot and vandalism ? 
  go after the people doing it , not the innocents which is what they usually do . 
  i 'm not saying that they should n't have protection , but the fact is that they have routinely been shown to be untrustworthy in general , being racist and corrupt through and through , and to be violent and abusive when managing legitimate protests . 
  i also question how often they actually need to be managing protests . 
  not only are 99.99 % of protesters at most of these events completely peaceful , most protesters deal with the troublemakers themselves . 
  the very presence of police acts as an escalator for trouble . 
  they were n't damned either way , they were damned * if they did n't do their job properly . 
  * if they * know * that they are not able to correctly and proportionately control a riot then * why are they in charge in the first place ? 
  * we 're a modern country and if our police are not competent enough to fairly and even handedly contain riots then they need to be sacked and replaced . 
  i get that they 're ` only human ' but we need to expect better . 
  i do n't know about water cannons , but the thing about rubber bullets is that since about 2011 british police have had the right to use them . 
  knowing how thuggish they are , and how much we love to emulate the us , they 're presumably itching for the chance to shoot a few people with them . 
  right now they tend to rely on horses to trample , batons and shields to bludgeon , and pepper spray to disable and maim . 
  funny how they were so efficient at brutalising legitimate protesters in 2010 , but when they were * actually * needed in 2011 , they were nowhere to be found . 
  the main source of conflict is the police ; their use of violence escalates the conflict to the point where they can just shut the whole thing down . 
  [ when us english try and speak french ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arxy5liea-s ), 
  newcastle . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that geordie is actually english at all . 
  i reckon they just babble random sounds at each other and try to work out what the other means through context . 
  our police would probably beat the shit out of them . 
  tasers , batons , water cannons , pepper spray , rubber bullets , etc. 
  are all avilable methods to them , and most have been used before . 
  our police are absolute thugs and there is widespread systemic corruption , particularly in the met which has been proven to have systematic racism , especially with stopping and searching . 
  surely religion , particularly islam , * is * cultural though ? 
  a ) the economy is not getting better b ) their support has doubled in the last year there 's no evidence to suggest that they will fade , as nice as that would be, 
   the french predominantly went home without having to be expelled . 
  not completely , but predominantly . 
  also the french colonies were always given higher social status within france than the british . 
  oh , sorry , is this a discussion about colonialism now ? 
  because i wandered into this thread on the understanding that we would actually be discussing * the topic at hand * . 
  i identify as english first , british second , european third . 
  i do feel european though , i feel we are all bound by a degree of shared culture . 
  brussels , the eu , and the un , are not france . 
   i believe we take the right to do it to other country too . 
  and you too . 
  there is a difference between saying * to ourselves * that we are allowed to do it , and it being legal to do it in other countries . 
  country a does not have any legal sovereignty or jurisdiction in country b. 
  the us does not have the legal right to commit espionage in another country , even if they `` take the right to do it to other country to . '', 
  that is n't how it works lmfao , you ca n't just say `` yeah well you may be a sovereign nation but actually i 'm going to add x to * our * legal rights which actually affects * yours . 
  * one country does not get to decide the rights it has * in another * . 
  and here it is . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/espionage#law  espionage is a crime under the legal code of many nations . 
  the risks of espionage vary . 
  a spy breaking the host country 's laws may be deported , imprisoned , or even executed -- especially in wartime , a summary execution may well be the penalty . 
  what espionage is :  espionage or spying involves a government or individual obtaining information considered secret or confidential without the permission of the holder of the information .
