  i think it 's a short-term vs long-term thing . 
  if greece leaves the euro it will be very painful in the short-term , and there will probably have to be a range of austerity measures - but also some of the measures syriza have been pushing for the whole time , now that they 're free from the imf 's yoke which has been slowly [ squeezing the life out of their economy ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2015/06/23/news/economy/greece-crisis-gdp/ ) . 
  think about it this way : when the eu are calculating the risk of greece leaving the euro , they 're * not * actually worried about greece leaving and failing . 
  what they 're worried about is the chance of greece leaving and , after a few very tough years , actually getting back to recovery . 
   the past five years have shown that greece is too corrupt , or maybe the voters too short-sighted/deluded , to do the necessary reforms through law . 
  that 's hilarious , a very good joke, 
  no , it 's not about fear , it 's about principle . 
  syriza are now in a situation where they * seem * to have two choices : either to impose the hugely painful austerity measures they were elected to end , or to lead greece out of the eurozone , which they were elected on a promise of not doing . 
  they therefore do not have a specific democratic mandate to do either , and so what they 're doing is putting the question to the greek people so that they have a democratic mandate to do whatever has to be done . 
  the best solution would have been for the eu to compromise : to work with syriza to reach an actual economic plan for greece 's recovery that does n't involve the sacrifice of the most vulnerable . 
  syriza have shown time and time again that though they have some red lines they are more than willing to reform things like tax collection and regulation , and to even cut spending in many areas that do n't disproportionately target the elderly and most vulnerable . 
  the eu have not budged and it 's for political reasons , not economic ones . 
  syriza specifically ? 
  look at any of their recent proposals , they 've been willing to compromise on pretty much all of their commitments . 
  the only thing they wo n't do is throw the elderly and the poor under the bus , yet the eu will not budge from their demand that they do precisely that . 
  just keep moving the goalposts brah  what happened in portugal and ireland is an example of what happens when countries seek help and are willing to go through reforms . 
  evidence shows that greece was even more willing , yet it tanked their economy . 
  disproof-of-principle . 
  i ca n't fucking wait to watch other europeans suffer for the way their governments have made greeks suffer . 
  i very nearly mentioned cornwall specifically in my comment , and you 're right we could and should be doing a lot more for cornwall specifically right now . 
  but i think my point does still stand : strong countries or unions do not just cut adrift the areas of those countries that do not perform as well economically . 
  america has plenty of areas that perform terribly economically , but there 's no talk of jettisoning them off to canada or independence . 
   if they can not comply well then we ca n't really help them . 
  [ the oecd report in 2015 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/he9uxmd.png ) concluded that of all the countries in the eurozone greece has been the single most responsive to reforms , even more than spain and your own country . 
  and what did that get them ? 
  their gdp fell by * 25 % * , their overall unemployment is currently 25.6 % ( and about 50 % for youths ) , and poverty and homelessness rise every day . 
  and the imf keep expecting them to believe that eventually it will pay off , that their consecutively incorrect predictions over the last five years will * finally * be correct this year . 
  `` honestly , please believe us , we know we were hopelessly wrong the last five times , but this time it will be different , we swear ! '', 
  and then they have the * gall * to lecture greece about economic credibility and how to run an economy . 
   why did n't syriza schedule this referendum earlier ? 
  presumably because they want to know what 's on offer before they offer a referendum . 
  you think rich areas of portugal do n't `` bail out '' or subsidise the poorer areas ? 
  this entire issue and the way users on this sub have responded to it shows me how laughable the idea of a federal eu is . 
  do n't mean to dismiss the rest you said but i think this  i do n't see how 20 + languages and national histories and ethnicities are supposed to be cohesive unless you give them a common tongue and several generations of interbreeding and a national history of fighting for survival and then expanding as a single people . 
  is the crux of it . 
  this entire thing has been framed as `` greece vs the rest of us . '', 
  greece has been hung out to dry because nobody in europe actually cares about helping greece if that comes at any expense to themselves . 
  this idea of ` european solidarity ' does not exist , neither does the ` european identity . ', 
  all this talk about solidarity and unity , yet the moment one country goes through serious economic hardship , the response is a mixture of `` they stole our money ! '', 
  the entire issue has been framed as `` well , the greeks deserve it , and anyway , i want my money back . '', 
  how the fuck can a federal eu survive if there 's such a total lack of solidarity ? 
  in britain we do n't just cut adrift the areas that are stricken by poverty . 
  same goes for every other country , from italy to belgium . 
  and all this because the imf are completely incompetent and have no clue what they 're doing , yet refuse to back down on their blindly ideological `` reforms . '', 
  greece is in a position where it either accepts the troika 's slow death sentence inside a union of people that loathe them for demanding some respect , or it leaves and tries to make its own way in the world which is likely to be a very difficult journey . 
  and i need to make that clear : they imf are * clueless * . 
  they have * no idea * what they are doing . 
  no country in history has * ever * developed the way the imf want greece and others to , and [ every prediction they make about greece 's recovery ends up being disastrously wrong ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8epyhy3.png ) . 
  and that 's even after the oecd concluded that [ greece has been the single most responsive eurozone country to reforms ] ( http://i.imgur.com/he9uxmd.png ) , even more responsive than portugal or spain . 
  it 's an absurd situation where the imf are demonstrably wrong but refuse to admit it , and the price of that refusal will be the lives of innocent greek people . 
   not very likely given the way ~ ~ he is ~ ~ they are acting . 
  ftfy, 
  i like seeing your posts around here . 
  hopefully he issues them all temporary visas , floods europe , and gives the eu countries a kick in the nuts telling them to grow the fuck up : either take their share of the refugees or do their bit to make sure italy is n't receiving so many . 
  [ the imf are incompetent fucking idiots who are single-handedly destroying the greek economy through their ineptitude . 
  ] ( http://7d77c24d03a62043cfe4-5f6ff8e305d6142e830d07da1bf3d404.r76.cf1.rackcdn.com/1353006479_0.png ) they 're morons and no one should listen to them . 
  what ? 
  it was a huge issue in the last election too , that 's why we had a vote on av do you just have super short term memory or something ? 
  the voting system is fucked , we all know it . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  so a referendum then . 
  syriza would never accept the terms of austerity without some kind of authorisation from the people . 
  just reading neil oliver 's ` history of ancient britain ' and he touched on this as well , very interesting . 
  if i have time tomorrow and someone reminds me there 's a very interesting bit he writes about a kind if collective , unspecified , lingering guilt about something that happened to the neanderthals that humans have experienced for thousands of years . 
  no , they 'd call another general election . 
  `` military force is the only kind of force or coercion '' - / u/ka2n0uhtyk, 
  what so you think happens if greece refuses austerity and instead focuses on growth and tax revenue ? 
  you and your governments pals in the ecb and imf are the reason greeks are suffering . 
  you are the bad guys . 
  your governments and institutions are fucking up the greek economy through a mixture of blind ideology , incompetence ( see : imf reform projections vs reality ) , and maliciousness , and now they are determined to continue with them despite their failure already . 
  they are doing this simply because they realise that if varoufakis got his way the case for austerity would be undermined , embarrassing them . 
  they will not compromise : greece will either slowly suicide its economy or have its economy killed much more quickly . 
  http://www.eupedia.com/genetics/britain_ireland_dna.shtml#germanic_migrations  a lot has been written about the anglo-saxon conquest and historians have long debated the real genetic impact that the anglo-saxon had on the british population . 
  were the romans and ancient britons completely wiped out by the invaders or forced to retreat by to wales , cornwall and scotland ? 
  did the most of the native population intermingle with anglo-saxons creating a new hybrid ethnic group ? 
  what happened actually lies in between . 
   germanic people brought a whole new set of paternal lineages with them , namely i1 , i2a2a , r1a ( l664 and z284 ) , r1b-u106 , and to a lower extent q1a . 
  ** those haplogroups now make up over half of all male lineages in england and lowland scotland . 
  greece will continue to hurt and humilitate its people or it will get the hose again . 
  oh god fuck you now that song is in my head, 
  i like it , it feels cleaner and brighter and everything is easier to read . 
  [ are you sure ? 
  ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/only-us-and-estonia-meeting-nato-budget-goal-2015-2 ) :\\ i mean it 's good if we are !, 
  ah i see the confusion - we do currently meet the 2 % goal but this year 's budget will drop below 2 %, 
  germany will write a sternly worded letter expressing their deep concern about the situation in latvia and reiterating its hope that russia and latvia will solve this dispute amicably . 
  we 're a long , long way for people from britain and france seeing countries like poland as * their * border , especially to the point where they 're willing to fight and die for it . 
  most countries do n't even meet the * basic * requirement of nato states which is that you spend at least 2 % of gdp on the defence budget . 
  the only countries who meet that criteria are the united states and estonia ; even britain and france do n't meet it . 
  most of europe continually slashes its defence budget , rendering themselves weaker and weaker . 
  someone has to pick up the slack . 
  generally that 's the us , but to a degree it 's the uk and france as well even though we have our own cuts . 
  europe needs to start standing on its own two feet . 
  greece and the uk are dailies . 
  usually when either one of us calls the eu out on its bullshit . 
  does n't make either of us very popular . 
   and we all know that it 's definitely not going to leave . 
  that 's what they said about the scottish referendum , and in the end it came down to 5 % of the vote . 
  do you really want to take that attitude here and risk it ? 
  point me to where i said that they were huge in numbers ? 
  all i said was that if you are anything other than a liberal you probably disagree with the eu so a person being anti-eu is not * obviously * that way because of an ignorant , closed-minded position .
