great news !, 
  the eu is a great vehicle for tackling climate change imo . 
  it seems to have been invaded/brigaded by ukipers recently . 
  total shithole . 
  i only comment when i forget i 'm not on / r/unitedkingdom . 
  doubt it . 
  if clarkson did it deliberately you 'd know it . 
  bit of both . 
  a population with greater command over the english language is better able to compete in the global marketplace and grow their economy , which allows them to teach english better , which grows the economy etc. 
  what , specifically , do they recognise ? 
  there are no clear borders , and what borders * are * claimed are not controlled by the group that claims them . 
  beyond that , there 's no single authority to recognise , with authority split between hamas , fatah , etc. 
  they have no real central authority , a borderline illegitimate government ( last elections were , what , 8 years ago ? 
  ) , unclear boundaries , borders they are n't in control of , massive amounts of terrorist violence both within the country and exported to israel ... 
  i mean , * at best * it 's a failed state . 
  like , i absolutely get that there * should * be a palestinian state , do n't get me wrong . 
  but there does n't appear to be anything * to * recognise atm , at least in my view . 
  the ` palestinian state ' does n't appear to exhibit any of the characteristics one might look for in a recognisable state . 
  one . 
  that would have been so fucking cool, 
  the worst are those * massive * spanish school groups . 
  i 've never met a more poorly behaved , rude , loud group such as that in my life . 
  and i ca n't seem to escape them !, 
  malta : they were there . 
  rhodes : they were there . 
  oslo : they were there . 
  venice , dubrovnik , florence : * all there . 
  * * why ca n't i go on a holiday without these people being there ?!, 
  i propose revenge for 1558 . 
  #topbants with #thelads #nightout #onthetown, 
   13 - daily mail  14 - the lad bible fuck my country, 
  basically it 's a bunch of british loyalists who are wrecking glasgow as ` punishment ' for voting yes . 
  presumably they see it as traitorous or something . 
  `` i mean , he promised , right ? '', 
   maybe because it sucks to break unions i realise now , also , i feel we owe it a bit to the scots to honour their desires . 
  this is part of the problem i have with scotland remaining part of the uk . 
  if there 's a referendum on the eu , i do n't see how it 's fair to force scotland to leave it against their will . 
  if they went independent both sides could be happy , england could leave and scotland could save : but now , regardless of which way a referendum goes , one side is likely to be forced to make an enormous change they never consented to . 
  out of interest : is it possible for the catalonian government to request un presence to verify the authenticity of the referendum ? 
  or does the spanish government have the ability to ban their presence ? 
   it is tempting to kick out the uk , i agree . 
  since you always refer to the mainland as `` europe '' , you are presumably not part of it . 
  that 's got nothing to do with it at all . 
  the uk might be an island but it 's considered part of the geographical area of europe just as ireland is . 
   also , with government programs like optic nerve , you clearly are not part of tradition of western liberal democracy which the eu is build on . 
  http://cphpost.dk/news/denmark-is-one-of-the-nsas-9-eyes.7611.html  denmark is one of the nsa 's ' 9-eyes '  denmark has a closer relationship with the us intelligence agency than sweden and germany -- to the concern of danes and the annoyance of germans sorry , you were saying something about western liberal democratic traditions ? 
  do n't get me wrong , nottingham is far from a bad university , it 's pretty damn good . 
  it 's just that durham and st andrews are like the sub-elite . 
  it 's hard to explain but maybe this 'll give you an idea : durham 's sort of nickname is that it 's the university for oxbridge rejects . 
  in the uk you have oxford and cambridge , and then just below those two you have a group of universities like durham , st andrews , lse , imperial college london , and edinburgh i guess . 
  let me put it to you this way : if i told someone here that nottingham is a better university than durham or st andrews i 'd be laughed out of the room . 
  they 'd think i was on drugs or that i lived in a complete bubble . 
  eh , dubious rankings . 
  they put the university of sheffield above lse , and nottingham above st andrews and durham . 
  they 've clearly got no clue what they 're talking about . 
  to some extent i agree with you , but when does it end ? 
  like , at what point are we absolved of the sins of our ancestors ? 
  10 years from now , 50 ? 
  at some point their governments need to take responsibility for their own actions , their own corruption , ineptitude etc. 
  how would they explain it though ? 
  surely they ca n't just veto the entry of any country they like for any reason at all ? 
  i mean what if france vetoed romania on the basis that they thought their architecture was lacking in a certain something , or that their climate was too cold for them ? 
  i mean there has to be a limit on what reasons are valid for vetoing membership . 
  they 're right-wing in some aspects . 
  probably not ` far-right ' though . 
  it 's all relative . 
  sweden is so far to the left of other countries . 
  they 're right-wing when it comes to immigration obviously . 
  also in their [ homophobia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_democrats#family ) . 
   the sweden democrats are in favour of the traditional nuclear family and believe that every child should have `` one father and one mother '' , according to their website . 
  according to social democrat bj\u00f6rn andersson 's blog , sd is opposed to adoption rights for homosexual couples , and to letting lesbian women become inseminated . 
  although sd strongly criticizes what it calls a homosex lobby , the party claims that it is not hostile to homosexuals . 
  furthermore , party leader jimmie \u00c5kesson expressed concern that what he describes as islamization of sweden will eventually lead to the rights of sexual minorities being violated . 
  published by sd party secretary bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der on 1 august 2007 , a blog article titled botten m\u00e5ste snart vara n\u00e5dd ( soon enough we 'll hit rock bottom ) led to intense debate and criticism . 
  it 's an imaginary distinction that does n't apply in practise . 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with swedish politics , but it also seems to me that if you want to vote for a left-wing party that has a more moderate immigration policy then you 're out of luck , so perhaps it is the case that people who would * otherwise * be voting for the social democrats etc. 
  are now voting for the sverigedemokraterna ? 
  we have a similar phenomena here with ukip - you find that plenty of ex-labour and ex-liberal democrat voters are voting for ukip for a number of reasons , like opposition to the eu , calling for a more selective immigration policy , and opposition to westminster politics , when they 're actually mostly pretty left-wing in other respects . 
  sverigedemokraterna seem to be making big gains . 
  also an 83.4 % turnout is really impressive, 
  well i 'm starting university on the 27th so i probably would n't be able to do that for at least 3 years . 
  also i 'm a humanities guy so i 'm probably not in much demand there !, 
  hahah one on the left looks like a proper gimp, 
  ugh , do n't even remind me ... we even had a bloody referendum on a fairer voting system ( av ) and we rejected it . 
  we 're lying in a bed of our own making ... 
  do you swedes have * any idea * what i would do to live in a britain where the idea of a social democratic / green coalition is a realistic prospect ? 
  with any luck she 'll step on an ied and get blown apart in some godforsaken ditch . 
  it 's clear that more of an effort needs to be made to curb these immigrants . 
  we do n't want their burden , and calais does n't want them either ; but from the french government 's position , it 's actually in their interests to make it as easy as possible for them to hop over to britain , because then it 's our problem , not theirs . 
  in fact what the french government want is to get these immigrants into britain as fast as they can , because a backlog is building up in calais that 's negatively affecting their city . 
  they ca n't stop them coming into france thanks to schengen arrangements , but what they * can * do is speed up the process by which they * leave * . 
  because the spanish government wo n't recognise them . 
  by sending out the message in english i suppose they hope to heap international pressure on the spanish government to allow a referendum that the catalonians know they will win . 
   now to add to that , alex s. has said repeatedly that he will not pay his share of the uk debts . 
  not true . 
  he said that if scotland is not given its share of the assets on independence then it will not accepts its share of the debt . 
  100 % fair . 
  just english to be honest , with a few words of german here and there . 
  barely passed my gcse with a c in it . 
  going to take up a language at university though .
