  generally speaking it 's just one side unhappy that the bbc do n't agree with them . 
  that said every now and then there are genuine cases of bias that should be dealt with . 
  i think there 's pretty strong evidence that their coverage of the scottish referendum was very biased , particularly the infamous [ incident with nick robinson ] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/out-in-the-open/ ) in which a bbc investigation found that there was nothing wrong with writing that a question was not answered when it was in fact answered . 
  most of europe has hate speech laws . 
  that would make for a really shitty army structure . 
  that plus language issues , contribution vs size issues , command structure , reliance on eu parliamentsry and nayional parliamentary support etc would make for a really poor army . 
  exactly the kind of army napoleon trounced again and again . 
  there 's also the question of contribution . 
  most likely in any eu army the uk , france , germany , and italy would make up the * vast * majority of forces . 
  but should countries like belgium or luxembourg have an equal say over the use of those forces ? 
  i 'd argue clearly not , it 's very easy to approve a war when it 's not your own people that are going out to fight it . 
  yet if we do n't give equal say we end up with an unequal union where member states who are , through no fault of their own , smaller/weaker/poorer end up with far less influence than the bigger ones . 
  there 's no real solution to this problem other than to just not attempt it in the first place . 
   but the us does n't work like the eu . 
  * yet . 
  * the whole point of an eu army and all the other measures we 're now talking about i.e. 
  monetary , fiscal , political union is to make the eu like the us . 
  the issue is way too complex and emotionally charged for an echr ruling . 
  nations have to make this decisions for themselves . 
  hypothetically : farmers stop producing food . 
  now tell me how much value the supermarkets are providing customers with . 
  farmers can always find other ways of delivering food if they want to , but supermarkets are always reliant on them . 
  that would be fantastic !, 
  the problem is n't that food prices are falling , it 's that supermarkets are benefiting and not farmers , who are the ones producing the actual products of value . 
  uprooting and destroying communities and cultures for economic reasons , but proclaimed as ` progressive ' ... 
  look at the rankings , i 'm not just making this up . 
  even that is debatable . 
  over the last couple of years britain has been in the lead in terms of soft power . 
  lol, 
  it 's a lesson - fudge them and you 'll end up worse off . 
  if they 'd been honest about the state of their affairs they would have been better off , that 's the point of it . 
  until they find that their new negotiating partner is golden dawn . 
  it 's going to push more people to vote out . 
  i know because it 's pushed myself in that direction and i know many others who are the same . 
  just look at the articles and comments in the guardian , openly the most pro-eu paper in the uk , and tell me whether they support the eu right now . 
  and the only ones to win from them will be golden dawn . 
  good job germany , you really showed those leftists who 's boss, 
  the greeks do n't want this either . 
  remember how they voted in the referendum . 
  they rejected what tsipras is accepting . 
  yeah . 
  it might be that tsipras knows this will never pass . 
  who even knows at this point, 
  they still will . 
  budget surpluses are overrated . 
  the state is not a household . 
  in the end tsipras just did n't have the courage to do what was right for greece . 
  now greece is condemned to another few years of economic asphyxiation , followed by a repeat of the current negotiations while the troika negotiate what they should do with greece 's corpse . 
  if the terms are anything like what we saw before negotiations tripras will never be able to get it through his parliament . 
  a lot of people who simply have n't been following the reports coming out of the eu over the last 24 hours i would suppose . 
  no one who 's up to date with the situation would disagree with the analysis . 
  yep haha , fixed it . 
  i used to be moderately pro-eu . 
  since this whole clusterfuck began i 'm now ardently against our continued membership . 
  it would take a total fucking miracle for me to vote yes in our referendum on membership . 
  i want nothing to do with the eu . 
  greece should take the high-road too . 
  a lot of us are , and now we 're having to choose between the two ... 
  poor wittle germany :'(, 
  trust is a one-way street in the eu . 
  syriza 's greatest fuck-up was believing that the eu were earnest in their desire for compromise . 
  the reality is they do not want compromise , they want total capitulation , nothing less . 
  merkel 's ` position ' is non-existent . 
  she has no real principles and no guiding philosophy , merely the current state of public opinion . 
  germans do n't like greeks and so she follows the mood . 
  she wants greece out of the eu , you ca n't honestly still believe otherwise, 
  it 'll end when the germans and others feel the greeks have been sufficiently humiliated and punished for having the nerve to stand up to them , turning the greeks into an example of what might happen if countries like spain and portugal do the same . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  are n't we all ? 
  for free ? 
  do you * jest * ? 
  * you * are the clueless one , m9 . 
  goodwill means fuck all , germany and the rest of the eu never had greece 's best interests at heart in the first place . 
  this is just a way for you to justify in retrospect the way you treated greece . 
  and the european dream is done with it . 
  it might be worth having a little read around golden dawn 's activities in many rural communities in greece , they 're cleverer than you might be giving them credit for . 
  no need to throw stones at the greeks , you can just starve them out instead . 
  much more indirect . 
  would n't want to get your hands dirty anyway would you ? 
   greece on the other hand has a simple job . 
  pay their loans back . 
  everyone else seems to manage just alright with a bit of effort . 
  i could just as easily make the same argument in reverse . 
  * germany * had a very `` simple '' job : all it had to do was pay its loans back . 
  but it could n't , and the rest of europe forgave their debts . 
  now greece is asking for far less and germany is suddenly taking a supposedly principled stance about paying back debts . 
  at least greece 's were n't accrued by starting two world wars . 
  and besides , we 're now in a similar situation in that they can destroy greece now as well if they keep insisting on the measures they 're proposing . 
  or they can recognise what the imf and every economist of repute is saying : they need debt restructuring . 
  it 's in greece 's interests , and in europe 's : both because you probably want at least some of your money back , and because it holds together the eu . 
   here 's a little perspective , it was n't greece who built up germany , we do n't exactly owe them anything . 
  and the damages we have done to them directly in the war have been payed back to the best of germany 's possibilites . 
  even after germany killed over 800,000 of their people greece were still willing to forgive many of germany 's debts , and you 're sitting there saying `` we do n't exactly owe them anything '' ? 
  fucking hell that takes balls . 
  you 're right that they 're different , what germany did was far worse and far more difficult to forgive . 
  neither can germany hand-wave away it 's own very recent history when it 's own hypocrisy is pointed out . 
  that 'll just make it worse , it 'll paint the golden dawn as victims , and when the fascists are out there running the soup kitchens that 's not a good recipe . 
   the germans did n't fucking deserve it , but they still got their third chance and they should remember that . 
  here 's hoping there 's banners waving this message at syntagma square tonight . 
  germany starts two world wars , kills millions , desolates a continent , and receives debt forgiveness from european countries including greece , but greece spent too much on pensions and suddenly germany 's all strict and principled about repaying debts .
