  we do n't particularly care one way or the other whether membership of the eu is more profitable for us or not . 
  the issue is a much bigger one and it 's about where we believe power should reside and where decisions should be made , and how much power we as british citizens have over our own country . 
  the issue of immigration is interwoven with that . 
  for about 50 years there 's been overwhelming public support for decreased levels of immigration , but it 's only been very recently over the last parliament that ukip in particular have started joining the dots for the public between immigration and eu membership . 
  personally i 'm not sure where i stand on the eu , but i 'm sure as hell not going to be making such a huge decision based on just which answer makes us richer . 
  it 's pretty crazy how out of touch the catholic church is . 
  they 're an aging , decaying dinosaur at this point . 
  there are plenty of christian churches out there who are much more in touch with social attitudes and who recognise that they do n't have to conflict with their religious faith . 
  the vatican just do n't . 
  the fucking turncoats . 
  lads , we did it congrats sweden , fuck australia, 
  yessss thank you san marino, 
  not even one point ? 
  not gon na lie , that kind of hurts ... 
  no , the french are ahead alright , hands up , which one of you was it ? 
  who did it ? 
  ah i did n't realise just eat were a danish company . 
  us students practically worship that website . 
  net immigration just hit 318,000 . 
  we can hardly cope with our current level , god knows how we 'd be able to cope if we completely threw open the borders . 
  i 'm making a point . 
  restrictions on markets are not bad things in and of themselves , and left-wing theorists over the past few centuries have made some compelling cases against wage-slavery , absentee ownership , etc. 
  you also ca n't own slaves . 
  all markets have restrictions , some are justified . 
  you can have markets and socialism , so i find it kind of amusing that your education in school on socialism was based on an incorrect understanding of what socialism is . 
  i 'm just concerned because over the past few months i 've noticed just an increasing level of fanatic hatred towards russians in this subreddit , and i 'm not even russian myself so i 'm probably less sensitive to it . 
  i basically do n't trust * anything * read about russia or ukraine * from either side * , because it feels like i 'm right in the middle of an * enormous * information war of propaganda from both sides . 
  i do n't trust russia in the slightest , and their actions around latvia etc. 
  really concern me , but on the other hand i * sure as hell * do n't trust anyone on this subreddit to give me accurate , unbiased information on the situation . 
  this feels like astroturfing propaganda . 
  the purpose of this being posted here is to stir up anti-russian hatred to escalate tensions . 
  `` russians are literally le nazis '' , its just an attempt to rewrite history to further demonise them . 
  wow what an insightful comment , you really added to the discussion there . 
  all anyone in this thread seems able to do is downvote me . 
  there 's no actual discussion , and no attempt to correct me if any of the points i 'm making are actually wrong . 
  not a very good representation of this subreddit . 
  ad-hominems and name-calling , no actual replies of substance , no information or corrections , just downvotes , condescension and insults . 
  i 'm skeptical that it will change even if people want it to . 
  we 've only just recently started to see the * beginnings * moving towards some kind of democracy outside of the ep . 
  that depends which way you look at it . 
  the voting system in the british parliament is less democratic , yes . 
  but on the other hand , within our parliament the only way our representatives can be outvoted is by our * other * representatives , whereas in the ep our representatives can be outvoted by people we never elected ourselves and have no influence over . 
  the eu as a whole has a serious democratic deficit when you look into how the commission etc work , as well as the absurd legislative process . 
  this is not a controversial statement outside of this weird echo-chamber of a subreddit . 
  both those on the left and those on the right accept this , even the eu accepts it which is why they 've started to make some reforms . 
  seriously , read up on how the eu works . 
  the ep ca n't even propose legislation , and it 's the only directly elected institution within the eu with turnout below 50 % . 
  you 're assuming that i like our system . 
  i fucking hate our electoral system as well , but our parliament is way more democratic than the eu . 
  i studied the eu institutions as part of my university course , it 's absurd how authoritarian and top-down it is . 
  why bother trying to communicate with the electorate when they do n't give a shit what the electorate think or want anyway ? 
  let 's not pretend the eu is exactly a democratic institution , there 's a real democratic deficit in it . 
  there 's only one element in it that the people actually elect , and that institution ca n't even propose legislation . 
  yes . 
  most of the german media in particular paints them as lazy scroungers who just want to sponge off the rest of the eu , a sentiment shared by most germans . 
  this is like the bs argument that because america was founded by immigrants that it 's not allowed to have an immigration policy . 
   so basically a lot of people saying `` we 're getting screwed over , but at least we 're getting screwed over by our own '' ? 
  pretty much . 
  it 's about the principle . 
  is there any evidence for that ? 
  vast majority seem to be from libya from the report in this link and in other recent ones i 've seen . 
  more will pop up . 
  libya 's a fucking warzone and people want out , and hope is just across the sea . 
  where there 's demand for it supply will inevitably rise to meet it . 
  that 's why this is such a fucking tricky problem to solve . 
  hang on , you can have vertical structures , what matters is that they 're democratically accountable and that they 're entirely voluntray . 
  you could have a business that elects at the start of each week a small group of people who are responsible for deciding how much is produced , where it goes , etc. 
  anyone would be free to not co-operate , but why would they ? 
  and that point about the group size is one reason why anarchists tend to believe groups and societies function best at around a hundred people . 
  another argument in favour of localism . 
  again , read more . 
  anarchists do n't recognise borders or nations or countries . 
  ` society ' is probably the best word . 
  no , this is nonsense . 
  people , societies , cultures and values are always changing . 
  people have * already * undergone fundamental change in the way they think about themselves and their relationships with others , often over relatively short periods of time ; see the progress the civil rights movement made or feminist movement . 
  it 's not an assumption that people will naturally change on their own , it 's an impetus for anarchists to go out there and builds movements to start trying to change people 's minds the same way movements have successfully done before , though perhaps a little differently this time . 
  maybe you would like to accuse * reality * of being utopian ? 
  --  / r/anarchy101, 
   the problem with anarchy is all it does ( in principle if applied perfectly ) is reset the clock on all the intuitions we have now , societal , governmental and political back to zero . 
  this is not true . 
  there is no anarchist out there who thinks that tearing down structures of oppression and domination is enough on its own to produce a stable anarchist society . 
  we need to majorly change the way we think about ourselves , our communities , and the way we interact with the environment if it 's to last in a meaningful way . 
  i know you 're just being facetious but no government or state would need to be established . 
  in what sense are they unnecessary ? 
  we 're one of the only countries on the planet that 's able to project our military force pretty much anywhere on the planet , and our conventional forces boast some of the best training and equipment anywhere . 
  very few countries can boast the military capabilities we can , even with the substantial cuts they 've experienced . 
  we still punch well above our weight . 
  and are n't we in the middle of building 2 aircraft carriers as well as some new submarines ? 
  i feel like much of europe is waking up to the fact that they need to be able to defend themselves , particularly the baltic and eastern european states . 
  and in fairness to estonia they 've always pulled their relative weight on defence spending . 
   the sweden democrats , the only party in sweden which questions the current state of immigration in sweden , have literally been attacked in the streets and branded as nazis . 
  while the sweden democrats are clearly not an ideal political party anywhere , the censorship and suppression they have to endure is an indication of a society which is slowly losing its grasp on freedom of speech and freedom of thought . 
  this is part of the problem imo . 
  all the swedish parties have closed ranks on the issue . 
  if you want any limits at all on the current levels of immigration in sweden then you only have one option : the sweden democrats . 
  and that forces people * who might otherwise * have voted for very moderate , even centre-left , parties to hold their nose and vote for a bunch of bigots . 
  if the main parties just * listened * to people 's concerns , realised they 're not all racists , and took some measures to address them , this bunch of idiotic bigots would n't be gaining ground . 
  everything revolves around glorious europe, 
  they 're not supposed to represent the views , that is n't how our system works , that 's impossible as there are so many different ones held by constituents .
