  i answered this in my other comment , 
   he modern greek state did n't exist so the only claim that they should have them that you use , saying it should be greeks choice is only based on one thing . 
  sorry i do n't quite understand what you 're trying to say . 
  could you please rephrase that ? 
   ok perhaps you are n't racist against britain but you say that lower footfall is justifiable due to racial issues . 
  i can see how you might think that , to be fair . 
  if i may explain why you 're incorrect though : i believe that the marbles should be returned a ) because they are made by greeks , for greeks , in greece , hundreds and hundreds of years ago and b ) because they were stolen . 
  according to my morals , stolen things should be returned . 
  if someone got a massive airplane and lifted up big ben and transported it over to china , i 'd be pretty pissed off . 
  not only is that part of the people of britain 's cultural heritage , it 's plain theft . 
  do you see now why i believe they should be returned ? 
  to a degree , * any * country 's people have a cultural heritage , and i 'm about as left-wing as you can get . 
  wow , you really like that word do n't you ? 
  did you learn that at school today ? 
  probably not , otherwise you 'd know that a racist is `` a person with a prejudiced belief that one race is superior to others '' . 
  going by what you think was racist in what i said , nowhere did i display that , because i do not believe that at all . 
  just keep saying the word . 
  the more you say it the weaker my argument is !, 
  yeah , i 'm * clearly * racist against ** my own fucking country ** because i believe that we should * return hugely significant objects to the country we stole them from * . 
  if it 's racist to say that the greek people deserve to have returned to them ( debatably ) one of their most impressive and oldest works then yeah , i guess i am . 
  that said it 's quite funny watching you work yourself up into a rage over this . 
  also , when person b accuses person a of being a racist against their own country , then goes off the rails with three posts of random swearing , only one of them having any meaningful content , it 's pretty apparent the discussion is over . 
  how fucking old are you ? 
  grow up , learn some manners and how to have a discussion without devolving into frothing at the mouth and accusing the other person of being a racist . 
   that 's racist i 'm done here , you just shamed yourself . 
   britain does n't profit , admission is free but you said earlier that the benefit is tourism ; is entry to britain free to all those visiting these marbles ? 
  then your argument is invalid . 
   yes , go away then , if you think nationalism is more important than inspiring more people to respect and cherish the culture of the greeks anyone who wanted to ` respect and cherish ' their culture would return it to them . 
  britain , i 'm ashamed to say , has already damaged them beyond repair through its awful care of the things . 
  your example is so ridiculous and extreme that it bears no resemblance to the issue at hand . 
  it 's greek culture and heritage they deserve , and may provide added boost to their tourism industry at a time when they need it far more than us . 
   the general human collective comes before greece . 
  that 's not for you or anyone else to decide . 
  if the greeks * choose * to allow the marbles to stay in britain , then all is good . 
  but if not ( as they have done ) then that 's really the end of the story . 
   always about greece , what about the people of earth genrally as more people see it here ? 
  the problem is not that the world is seeing it , it 's that * britain * is the one profiting from it when it should be greece . 
   not if i was helping more people with it than the original owner . 
  and that 's a crazy slippery slope . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's a slippery slope when you ask people to return property they know to be stolen !, 
  you know you 're basically trying to say that thievery in general is okay if you make better use of the property than the original owner ? 
  if you reply to this and say `` yes '' then this conversation is over as i ca n't take you seriously . 
   no since it is n't `` theirs '' it belonged to their ancestors , what right do they have to it ? 
  no more than the people who ca n't afford to leave london ( i know some greeks ca n't leave athens , but there are less ) . 
  the marbles are incredibly important , very ancient artifacts created , used , and discovered in greece . 
  it was created by greek people for greece 's parthenon . 
  the greek people have the right to it because it is essentially a cultural inheritance . 
  it is greek property . 
  if the spanish ( for example ) stole something from here ( the uk ) , it does n't then become spanish property ; it 's stolen uk property . 
   and when more people can see , yes i do know what 's best , more people seeing the beautiful artifact . 
  subjective . 
  the problem here is that you * would enforce what you believe is for the best , which is unfortunate because you * do n't * . 
   nobody is alive that was hurt and it helps more people in the long run it never hurt anyone specifically at the time . 
  it hurt the greek people as a whole , and it still does . 
  its absence does hurt greece . 
   should i pay for all the things he stole ? 
  should you be punished ? 
  should you be forced to return anything he still had ? 
  yes , certainly . 
   better for the human race as a whole as more people get to see it , and from more cultures , to claim it 's better that less people see it but it 's ok because they 're greek is nationalism , and a little bit silly . 
  but it is n't our place to say what 's best for humanity , and it is n't our place to say ` more people should be able to see it ' . 
  it should be up to the greeks , seeing as they 're theirs . 
  you ca n't just steal important , ancient artifacts from other people because you believe you know what 's best for the artifacts , that 's completely immoral and ultimately indefensible . 
   what 's done is done i do n't think that works in court when you 're being charged for theft . . plus , better for who ? 
  the british ? 
  but do we actually deserve the tourism from it ? 
  i 've got ta say i really do n't think so . 
  they ought to go back to the country we stole them from . 
  honestly i think greece is the one who needs the tourism right now . 
  could it not be said that it belongs collectively to the people of the country it came from ? 
  so your thinking is that stealing is okay as long as you can hang onto the thing you stole longer than they can live ? 
  interesting . 
  but is that wrong ? 
  should we be able to keep treasures stolen from other countries ? 
  worth thinking about . 
  america would never win . 
  we 've all seen the news about it by now , but i have n't yet seen any ideas about what our response should be ... clearly we are n't politicians , we are n't in power , and there are things we probably do n't know about the case , but either way , should trade sanctions be an option ? 
  after all , the us ( and the uk of course , the british government must not be whitewashed here ) has basically broken international law here , and under most circumstances what they 've done would be considered either an act of war or grounds for a declaration of it . 
  ** are trade and economic sanctions on the table here ? 
  or just political pressure ? 
  that 's the most horrifying and disgraceful statistic i 've ever read . 
  good god ... 
   if they were truly integrated to the global economy i do n't think they would do too badly . 
  you can thank the us for them not being . 
   people really do n't realise quite how similar we are to germany an how similar to eastern europe are we ? 
  the only place i 've been to was dubrovnik which was probably one of the most beautiful city i 've ever been to . 
  friendly people too . 
  lovely weather . 
  damn that 's a nice view, 
  i did n't use any filters or effects . 
  does my front door count ? 
  did n't get a photo from my window m ` afraid . 
  well it ca n't be safety otherwise they 'd have applied for asylum in france , so if they are n't economic migrants then what are they migrating for ? 
  if they 're genuinely there for asylum then they should be forced to apply for it in france . 
  the whole point about asylum is that it 's about safety from various forms of persecution or violence , * not * that they feel they might make more money in europe . 
  the eu specifically stipulates that if you want to seek asylum you have to apply for it in the first safe country you arrive in . 
  france is safe , they are in it , therefore they must apply for it in france or leave . 
  they refuse to do either . 
  they try to sneak into britain illegally and get frustrated when they get sent back .
