  fuck this . 
  fuck that . 
  fuck everything about this . 
  i genuinely had to check this was n't the onion, 
  completely agree . 
  i do n't believe fptp is a democratically legitimate system . 
  believe me when i say that * many * of us want proportional representation in the uk . 
  the problem is that we had a referendum in 2011 on a rather poor system called alternative vote , which is n't proper pr , and it was rejected . 
  that 's essentially set back the debate over fptp/pr by a good few years unfortunately . 
  damn that 's pretty impressive . 
  we had 65 % in our last one !, 
  edit : i would add that this is n't because people here are lazy , i think it 's because they just do n't like any of the options they 're presented with . 
  you just went full retard . 
  never go full retard . 
   the languages are fairly similar so would n't be hard to learn except for danish . 
  fuckin danish pronunciation , how does it work http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk, 
  i do n't buy this idea that democracy should allow fascism to flourish if it wishes to call itself a legitimate democracy . 
  the whole point of fascism is that it undermines democracy and aims towards dictatorship . 
  an end to the talks of an eu-us free trade deal ? 
  and if the revelations keep getting worse , with merkel and other leaders phones being tapped , bear in mind that hypothetically the eu could enforce an eu wide us trade embargo . 
  they have the power to do that . 
  on the one hand , that damages trade ... 
  but what you 're doing with economic sabotage as a result of the spying is damaging us as well . 
  what 's america going to do , liberate us ? 
  he is n't being tried on terrorism charges , those were dropped because they had no evidence of plans for terrorism . 
  what they 're charging him for is  incitement charges related to postings on his blog which prosecutors say were `` anti-semitic and xenophobic '' . 
  i think his criticism is valid . 
  i do n't like the idea that someone can be placed in jail because what they said offended people . 
  if he * literally * called people to be violent towards these groups then sure , prosecute him , and clearly it 's up to the french people to decide how they want to handle these laws , just offering my opinion . 
   when have we tried to actually help refugees ? 
  sweden tried it and they got ghettos and an inflated crime rate . 
  i may vote green as they 're the only left wing party , but your analysis is correct , but i think the unfortunate logical conclusion of it is that ukip will get a lot of votes . 
  i expect them to gain at least half a dozen seats . 
  i 'm not convinced the lib dems will retain enough seats to remain the kingmaker in this election , honestly . 
  how can the eu have control over the free market if it does n't have control over allowing free movement and supply of labour ? 
  http://bettertogether.net/pages/the-ve-case  we love scotland . 
  we are ambitious for scotland 's people and scotland 's possibilities . 
  our case is not that scotland could not survive as a separate country - it is that there 's a better choice for our future . 
  they set out their entire reasoning as `` the + ve case ''  in the future scotland 's prosperity will be strengthened by keeping the british connection . 
  and  hundreds of thousands of scots and english have made their homes in each other 's nation . 
  half of us have english neighbours . 
  hundreds of thousands of scots were born in england . 
  this interdependence - the coming together of family , friends , ideas , institutions and identities - is a strength not a weakness , and is an ideal worth celebrating . 
  the truth is we 're better together . 
  that article provides no proof of what it claims and it 's irrelevant anyway , it only matters what their public campaign is , which is a positively spun campaign . 
   and the other is saying you 're too weak to go it alone . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  probably the single greatest strength of the ` no ' campaign is that it 's * positive * . 
  it focuses on all the things that make the united kingdom so great , all the things that england and scotland have been through , the benefits of union membership , and the close ties between the two countries , while the ` yes ' campaign largely says `` look how shite all this stuff is , but look how green the grass is on this side of the hill ! '', 
  i ca n't remember the term for it , but there 's a well known psychological term for this in campaigns which is that campaigns which focus on positive things always do better than ones that focus on negatives , it has more of a staying power in peoples minds and is more compelling . 
  yeah , things are n't so good here politically . 
  labour look like they 'll win the next election who have little to no economic credibility , and if you 've ever seen ed miliband you 'll know he 's hardly the best man to represent the uk on the un security council haha . . so then you have the conservatives , who seem to be universally loathed , the liberal democrats who are probably dead in the water after this coalition , the greens whose only mp was just arrested for protesting against fracking ... and then ukip , whose leader is dangerously charismatic and who peddle populist , anti-eu stances . 
  actually one thing that occurred to me as i write this that might help explain why there are many anti-eu people in britain ... 
  there is * strong * anti-immigration ( not anti-immigrant ) sentiment in this country . 
  so then the people ask the government `` okay , can we be like australia and canada and put restrictions on immigration ? '', 
  and the answer is `` no , we 're a member of the eu which means freedom of movement in and out of the country . '', 
  * therefore * people want us to leave the eu * so that * we can restrict immigration . 
  there 's this perception here of ` benefits tourism ' or ` healthcare tourism ' . 
  ukip say all this stuff about how we should be trading more with non-eu countries and sovereignty and blah blah , but in my opinion i think the * driving force * behind their support is that the eu is the obstacle in the way of restrictions on immigration . 
  i think if we were allowed more control over immigration , ukip 's support would quickly collapse . 
  hope that helps . 
   but if the book club did not institutionally instruct him to do so then there is not much case against them . 
  except that this is where the analogy is no longer in line with reality . 
  the golden dawn * did * institutionally instruct members to harm immigrants and other ` undesirables ' like travellers . 
  i get downvoted to shit every time i post about this . 
  i raised it a few weeks ago and got to about -14 because apparently i was jealous that my country could n't create a site like reddit . 
  do n't use the word ` hypocritical ' if you do n't know what it means . 
  if the govt are implementing porn filters for the supposed purpose of protecting children , it would only be hypocritical if they then allowed their children to bypass the filters . 
  `` look at their rhetoric '' is not an argument . 
  it 's not hypocritical unless there are children at parliament . 
   which requires that you cede sovereignty to a supranational organisation ? 
   absolutely not . 
  i also reject all arguments that people have a hangover from the empire . 
  yes , it does . 
  i hope in the future that europe will become somewhat like the us as a federal system . 
  by the same logic that we give up certain freedoms by agreeing to obey laws in order to benefit society , we should cede sovereignty to an overarching eu parliament , yes . 
  otherwise we have no hope of being recognised on an international stage against the us , russia , china , etc. 
  no eu country on their own can compete with any of them which is why it 's important we pull together . 
   i understand the eu perfectly and there 's nothing unreasonable about that . 
  the majority of people that make decisions in the eu that relate to britain are not elected by the british public . 
  they may be elected by other european nations , but this is of little consequence if you think that we should exit the european union and that british laws should ( mostly ) be determined by british politicians . 
  most people do not understand how it works and either way i have no problem with us not having total sovereignty . 
  as i said , there are some of us who who would like to see a somewhat us-like system but with states having more autonomy . 
   `` democracy 's a bitch '' . 
  people who do not understand the eu should not be allowed to vote on the eu . 
  i do n't mind if they disagree with it , but if they do n't * understand * it then they should not be allowed a vote on it . 
   well that sounds ... how do i put it ... rather bigoted and intolerant . 
   what next ? 
  deport people who think that islam is a horrible religion ? 
  deport people who use blasphemous language . 
   in your crusade for tolerance , you inevitably turn into the very antithesis of this . 
  i see this quite often . 
  you are mistaken . 
  it is impossible to be bigoted towards a bigot . 
   you are insinuating that the telegraph is racist and xenophobic because it 's a conservative newspaper and there 's another `` conservative '' newspaper that 's racist and xenophobic . 
  weak argument . 
  the daily mail espouses bigoted , racist , and xenophobic view points . 
  the telegraph espouses these same viewpoints , therefore it is equally bigoted , racist , and xenophobic . 
  that is my logic . 
   that 's not what you said mr soybean .
