  german feels like a language i could learn in my own time if i wanted to , so i 'm thinking of one i 'm interested in that is more challenging like japanese for uni where i can get some proper structured assistance with it . 
   yeah , for the express purpose of defending the uk , not scotland specifically . 
  i 'd argue it is , but the us seems have jurisdiction wherever it says it has jurisdiction , and since microsoft is based in the us they unfortunately have the power to back up any such threats with force, 
  make sure you see stonehenge and avebury while you 're there , i just spent the last week in chipping campden which is n't far from gloucester  the roman villa at chedworth is also worth a visit !, 
   again , i am baffled by how you seem to treat nazis like the germans treated other people - `` not really people '' , `` deserving to die '' . 
  they are people , but your view of fascism is too harmless . 
  the quote at the end of my post explains this a bit more  they want it now ( ** 99 % movement ** ) and they did so in 1917 . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  they do n't want the * death * of bankers , they want a revolution and the overthrow of the financial and capitalist systems . 
  you 'd lose your job , sure , but the occupy movement has no intention of murdering bankers . 
   in a healthy democratic system anyone has right to express their valid view point , while murderers are persecuted for the factual crimes they commited . 
  not if you want the democratic system to survive . 
  it 's known as the paradox of tolerance , and it 's why * absolute * tolerance does n't exist in any modern country in the world despite your idealismthe philosopher karl popper put it pretty well and is quoted [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_popper#the_paradox_of_tolerance )  * unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  * -- in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be most unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . 
  this is pretty much what i said . 
  where possible we should use other means , and violence is not necessarily the best solution to this , but i 'm not going to condemn those who do use violence to protect themselves and their communities from fascists in what they feel is a last resort . 
  the existence of fascism within a democracy threatens democracy itself . 
  anarchism exists to promote * more * democracy . 
  this is why i do n't see anarchists as being the same kind of threat : anarchists see the current capitalist system as a * threat * to democracy , and that the state exists to prop up this capitalist system : therefore the purpose of overthrowing capitalism and the state is for * more * democracy , greater liberty , and equality . 
  any anarchist will tell you they value those things , and if they do n't it 's because they 're an ancap who reject the last of those three but are n't really anarchists anyway . 
  fascists and anarchists seek to overthrow * different things * and for * different reasons * . 
  fascists are happy for capitalism to continue , and they 're happy for the state to continue to exist as a coercive force ; but only so they can destroy democracy and liberty for their vision of some ` superior ' nation and a ` greater good . ', 
  the details of the positions matter hugely . 
  [ even john rawls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) does n't take tolerance to the conclusion you take it . 
  society has a reasonable right to self-preservation from intolerance ; fascism fundamentally threatens society 's continued existence as a democracy  `` while an intolerant sect does not itself have title to complain of intolerance , its freedom should be restricted only when the tolerant sincerely and with reason believe that their own security and that of the institutions of liberty are in danger . '', 
   but murdering people based on their political views , affiliations and profession is n't . 
  if i 'm a jewish banker , the left would like to murder me because i 'm a banker , the right - because i 'm a jew , but it wo n't matter when i 'm dead . 
  it 's not because they * have * political views , it 's because of their * specific * political views . 
  and no the left do n't want to * murder * bankers , stop being absurd . 
  you 're talking about fascists like they 're just another part of a healthy democratic system , as if fascism is just one of many valid political viewpoints , and it 's hilariously/dangerously naive  last week someone spray-painted a swastika in my district . 
  i 'd better kill everyone everywhere to be sure . '', 
   violence is the best solution of both real and imaginary threats . 
  this tells me you know nothing about the golden dawn and you need to spend some time reading about them . 
  they are * actual * nazis , that is not a disputable point . 
  the problem is your lack of education on these groups , not in the responses greeks have to them . 
  i do n't see killing as * inherently * wrong . 
  it can be justified . 
  murdering people based on their ethnicity and/or where they came from , and reinforcing hierarchies , oppression and discrimination is unjustifiable . 
  this has been done in the past by the vast majority of fascist regimes including the nazis and the italians , and is being done at this moment by groups like the golden dawn and others . 
  their * symbol * is the swastika , in case you were in any doubt over the nazism of the golden dawn . 
  killing the nazis * doing that * is not wrong in my opinion , it 's self-defence . 
  it 's people protecting themselves and their communities from the threat of violence by these groups . 
  when a political group makes it quite clear that they intend to visit violence upon your immigrant neighbours whom you are close to , violence against that group by the people being threatened is entirely justified . 
  it 's a response to the threat of violence both in the present and in the future . 
  it might be * counter-productive * on a wider scale , and not the * ideal * way to approach the situation , but i 'm not greek and i do n't live in a community being subject to the presence of nazis , so i do not intend on telling greeks how they should best defend their communities from nazis . 
  am i supposed to have a problem with this ? 
  are you even familiar with the actions and beliefs of the golden dawn ? 
  they 're literal nazis . 
  why am i supposed to feel sympathy for nazis ? 
   on the other hand , if a group of fascists is not engaged in violence , nobody is in imminent danger . 
  attacking them is not defending anybody . 
  if the golden dawn is not attacking immigrants it is because they are simply planning what their next attack should be, 
   first of all , a `` freer market '' is n't necessarily a good thing , and protectionism can very often be a good thing , and there is nothing in the playbook that says either is inherently bad for the economy . 
  good for us maybe . 
  but it 's absolutely hypocritical of the west to be telling all these eastern and southern countries that they need to become capitalist and to open up their markets to the world as conditions for loans and the world bank and through structural adjustment programs etc , when we do n't do the same . 
  we want them to open up their markets so we can plunder and exploit their people and resources through globalisation , but because we wield the power we 're also able to enact protectionist policies which mean that they ca n't do anything similar to us . 
  it 's not * absolutely zero * though . 
  but we 're not better or more important than the rest of the eu , and we do n't have the right to just appoint whomever we like regardless of how the rest of the eu votes . 
  the appointment of the commission president is not determined by ` compromise between uk and the eu . ', 
  it 's ` compromise between the uk and every other eu state . ', 
  it does n't * matter * what we prefer , we 're do n't have and do n't deserve the kind of influence you 're saying we ought to have . 
  we do n't get some kind of final say in this . 
  i genuinely reckon at least 95 % of this country would not be able to recognise a single one of the potential eu commission presidents if you gave them a photo . 
  if you gave their name and asked who they were they would probably likewise be unable to tell you . 
  i think people in mainland europe deeply underestimate just how isolated the british public is from european issues and the eu system . 
   all of the four largest political parties in the uk oppose him , and more than 99 % of british voters voted against him . 
  in fact , in the european elections in the uk , the self-styled `` party of in '' got virtually wiped out , while the `` party of out '' topped the polls . 
  you 'd think if the europeans cared about our views at all , they might try to find a compromise candidate who was acceptable to everyone . 
  if they go ahead with juncker , it will make absolutely clear they do n't give a fuck about british views , and we should leave . 
  british views do not override the views of the entirety of the rest of the eu . 
  doing as we demand and finding a different candidate is not a compromise , it 's caving in to a demand by a minority . 
  this is about the worst songs , not the best . 
  they distrust/dislike the eu , not europe , there 's a huge difference . 
   the areas , which include bases and other land , were retained by the british , under the 1960 treaty of independence , agreed and signed by the united kingdom , greece , turkey and representatives from the greek and turkish cypriot communities , which granted independence to the crown colony of cyprus . 
  there 's a world of difference between the two . 
  that 's the difficult bit . 
  [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_cyprus_and_the_european_union ) says  northern cyprus is only recognised by the eu candidate state turkey . 
  all other countries recognise the republic of cyprus , an eu member state , as the only legitimate government for the whole island . 
  however the republic of cyprus de facto only controls the south of the island while the northern government , a turkish puppet state seen as a military occupation , controls the north . 
   due to this dispute , northern cyprus is de jure part of the eu by virtue of de jure being part of the republic of cyprus . 
  aside from complicating the accession of turkey to the european union , it has placed the north in international isolation . 
  it 's a weird one alright . 
  i think the reasoning is that 1 ) eu recognises northern cyprus as occupied territory of republic of cyprus 2 ) republic of cyprus is in the eu 3 ) therefore , northern cyprus is also in the eu if they believe that turkish cypriots are part of the legitimate roc then it makes sense to extend the power to vote to them . 
  but obviously there 's the complicated matter of the fact that northern cyprus is under military occupation as a separate state . 
  the legitimate southern half does n't control the northern half - so going back to this article , i suppose their reasoning is that they 'll deny northern cyprus the benefits of being part of the roc until they back down and reunify . 
  that 's just conjecture though really . 
  massive clusterfuck . 
  the only nation on the planet that recognises northern cyprus as a sovereign state is turkey itself . 
  the united nations officially recognises it as territory of the republic of cyprus under turkish occupation , as does the european union . 
  it 's not a legitimate , sovereign nation , it 's simply a part of cyprus that has been invaded and occupied , which will at some point need to be recovered . 
  totally justified and makes for a fantastic video as well . 
  there 's a big difference between punching an adult man in the face after he hits you with an egg and slapping a young girl whose father you killed . 
   and refers to it as an `` anti-status quo power '' . 
  further , why is this a bad thing ? 
  there are plenty of reasons to argue that the current status quo is completely fucked up with only one dominant super-power essentially dictating to everyone else . 
  is n't this a problem though ?
