  they have the right to do it in their own country . 
  however the part you 've missed here is that the us has been doing it to others ; that makes it ` espionage ' which is a crime . 
  i find it difficult to believe it does not violate international law as it violates the sovereign rights of another country . 
  well it 's a crime in every country in the world , including every member state of the eu , that 's what i mean by it . 
  i do n't find it that strange . 
  david cameron wants to remain in the eu , he did n't even want a referendum in the first place . 
  presumably one reason is that iceland quite heavily relies upon its fishing industry , and the eu would clusterfuck their ability to manage their fishing industry and limit their ability to compete . 
  it 's the scale and secrecy of it all that shocks most people . 
  most of us knew that they could probably get a court order and retrieve some information , but this is just insane . 
  bear in mind that us english people are just as shocked by these revelations as you are ; we equally had no clue this was going on , and we 're just as angry about it as you are , as they were spying on us just as much . 
  who said i do not equally hate our government ? 
  nobody , you simply presumed . 
  the uk government have been complicit and i hate them equally but the difference is that they 're * my * government , so at last there 's the possibility that i can help change it . 
   what does `` leave europe to us europeans '' even mean i mean that america has fucked off europe enough recently , particularly with the nsa , and that they need to simply stop offending us if they wish to stop becoming more of an enemy than they already are . 
  they need to focus on their own problems before they start asking such bollocks questions . 
  they can sort their own country out , let us in the eu sort ours out , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  focus on your own country and let us europeans work on sorting ourselves out . 
  america is a very spiritual country but i have n't seen any evidence to suggest that that spirituality helps their economy . 
  the us is n't doing any better than the eu . 
  they have their problems , we have ours , and right now the last thing they ought to be doing is criticising europe , they 've already made enemies of most of us . 
  well exactly , that 's his point . 
  our education , particularly the uk 's ( finland 's is better for example but china tends to send more kids to the uk ) , is a huge draw to china . 
  there was an article in the times a few weeks ago about it but it 's too early in the morning for me to go finding it . 
  i would n't blame you at all , and i hope that this does happen , believe me none of us here are happy about it , but keep in mind that this is going to be opening up a really nasty can of worms which unfortunately have to be opened . 
  the us and the uk are n't alone in this , the netherlands have been doing the same , as have sweden . 
  i think we need to see how deep this rabbit hole goes for our own sake . 
  lobbying does not necessarily involve giving something to the politician . 
  you can lobby your local politician by simply sending him/her a letter in which you explain to him/her why you think issue x is something important that he should be more vocal about . 
  that 's lobbying . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it in principle , it 's an essential part of democracy . 
  it 's when it starts to cross the line into bribery , with transactions or rewards with holidays etc. 
  that it needs to be stopped . 
  ahahahahha , is he as much of a legend as he looks ? 
  with a comment like  i like how you think that you 're in the majority . 
  it 's just hilarious to see . 
  you 're lucky i dignified your peasant arse with a response at all . 
  if all you have to say is ` buhbuhbuh you ca n't act like yougov , the monolith of political statistics in the uk , actually conducts accurate polls '' then i think we 're better off without hearing from you anyway . 
  fun fact : a sample of 1000 people is considered accurate for a political survey . 
  this one has 2000 . 
  ` go figure ' as the americans say . 
  a ) who said i wanted to leave europe ? 
  shut up you cunt , i reckon we 're better off staying in . 
  it 's not a ` us vs them ' and your pathetic attempt to try and group me in with those who wish to leave europe simply because i defend their right to want to do it makes you look bad . 
  not only that , but people who want a referendum * are * in the majority in england . 
  b ) [ the majority of the uk * do * want to leave europe . 
  ] ( http://yougov.co.uk/news/2013/05/07/eu-referendum-paradox/ ), 
  and i 'm saying that your criticism is irrelevant . 
  it does n't matter how good it is , it is worthless and wo n't change anything . 
  people do n't care . 
  they want out of the eu , they want a halt to open-door immigration , and they do n't want any of the parties on offer . 
  they will continue to vote ukip and you can shout about their issues all you want , it wo n't matter . 
  you can criticise all you want , it wo n't make a single jot of different . 
  if you want a referendum , or to leave , europe , or want stricter controls on immigration , or if you want to have a strong protest vote , there is no other option . 
  had we adopted the euro we would be just as fucked as the rest of europe . 
  we 're benefitting from our decision to maintain our own currency , just like you are . 
   the british who are unwilling to get rid of the pound is just another example . 
  yeah because switching to the euro looks like * such * a great plan , does n't it ? 
  it 's a complete and utter joke of a subreddit, 
  yeah , it 's pointless . 
  you can go to a club anywhere in the world , they 're all basically the same . 
  you ca n't do that with the culture , the food , the people , the architecture , and the sights . 
  that 's what you should go for . 
  germany , france , and the uk are what are holding the eu together right now . 
  if 1/3 of that goes ... 
  it might not necessarily * collapse * the eu but it would ` signal ' its fall , unless eastern europe can make speedy development somehow . 
  greece , spain , and italy are all fucked . 
  while i would not vote to leave , i 'm really sick of people on my side of the argument who try and simply take the moral high ground and accuse anyone who wants to leave the eu of being some closet , bnp-supporting racist . 
  56 % of the public would vote to leave . 
  it 's no longer enough to try and take the moral high ground . 
  because it would most likely signal the collapse of the eu at this point in time . 
  the uk is the third highest contributor to the eu behind germany and marginally behind france , giving [ $ 4.7 bn ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9643193/eu-budget-who-pays-what-and-how-it-is-spent.html ) to the budget . 
   he 's not an asshole , he 's got an opinion . 
  we know he has an opinion , he 's an asshole because of the opinion he stated , not because he has one . 
  tbh i 'm surprised they have n't already !, 
  that was amazing , got to the penultimate paragraph and then it hit me, 
  you seriously do n't think there would be a negative short-term economic outcome from a brexit ? 
  no , you just need their obedience . 
  this is just sensible . 
  there 's no use ruling it out until her and cameron and others have sat down and actually had this discussion . 
  i think she 's aware that if they do n't give * anything * to the uk then there 's a very real risk that we might walk away , which would be economically disastrous for the eu and the uk . 
  hislop was wrong though . 
  he says not to `` assume the population are as ignorant as you are '' but i 'd be surprised if even 10 % of people in britain could recognise that man , and that 's an optimistic number . 
  probably 15 % could tell you in any level of detail how the eu works . 
  sure , but there 's also a lot of different views within feminist thought anyway , so if you find some mainstream feminist idea you disagree with chances are there are a bunch of other feminists who oppose that view as well . 
   but you definitely have a point on immigration : for the people this is not about the ` money ' anymore . 
  just as a side-note , this is part of my problem with the left-wing response to immigration in the uk . 
  it seems that they 're incapable of seeing or talking about immigration as anything other than an economic process . 
  the argument is only ever that immigrants help the numbers add up , when most people probably accept that but that is n't their concern . 
   as for the eu and other european countries . 
  this is where the brits are probably overreacting a bit . 
  the ` mass immigration ' from eastern european countries will never really be a thing , since there 's not enough ` mass ' of eastern europeans to do so to begin with . 
  whoever wants to go to britain is already there . 
  that 's not quite true though . 
  we currently have * net * migration from the eu of [ 162,000 a year ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/latest-immigration-statistics ) . 
  even if that rate does n't increase ( and it will ) , it 's already enough for the british people to want out . 
  we 've already arguably had much of the mass immigration so it 's not just a thing that might happen in the future . 
  when the migration restrictions were weakened on poland it was predicted that about 13,000 would come to the uk , and we got hundreds of thousands instead . 
   even though for the brits this is probably mostly about their own sovereignty . 
  this is a big part of it . 
  for a lot of us , it is n't about the economy .
