  at least in the uk , the vast majority of people could n't tell you their mep is , and probably could n't name a single eu institution other than `` brussels . '', 
  the public know nothing about the eu and do n't see it 's effects and benefits in their every day life - if the eu 's actual power and influence is growing at the same time , is it any wonder that ukip is predicted to come first in the uk ? 
  it 's the exact same logic though . 
   but during this whole ukraine/maidan/crimea stuff i noticed that all the things the western media reported was really close to what i saw on twitter and social networks , unfiltered , unaltered by anyone . 
  being on social networks does n't mean it 's unfiltered or unaltered . 
  most of the pictures posted about venezuela were taken from other countries . 
  even social media can give you a distorted image of the true situation in a country . 
   it would n't be good for england or scotland . 
   `` in brief , we would expect scotland to benefit from all the attributes of an investment-grade sovereign credit characterised by its wealthy economy ( roughly the size of new zealand 's ) , high-quality human capital , flexible product and labour markets , and transparent institutions , '' said s&p in a report . 
  i suppose we 'll know on wednesday . 
  the fundamental problem the uk government faces is that they 're wrong . 
  welfare tourism is not an issue . 
  the british public * perceive * it to be , so to the uk govt it becomes one , but the reality of the situation is that welfare tourism does not exist in a meaningful capacity . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think society conditions people to prioritise personal gain and wealth over helping everyone else , and that idea is one principle of capitalism . 
  people have a natural tendency towards co-operation and mutual assistance . 
  can someone give us a rough idea of some of the core policies renzi is hoping to implement ? 
  so it 's only a revolution after they 've succeeded ? 
  right . 
  this is why republics , governed by constitutions and elected through democratic means , exist . 
  otherwise you have tyranny of the majority . 
  the uk has the trump card that it can veto scotland 's membership of the eu . 
  salmond has to play ball , really . 
  a very interesting article even if you disagree with the fn . 
  not to the same degree and less importance is placed on it . 
  culturally it is both , it has influenced and been influenced by europe to a large extent through history , and economically it 's quite tied up with the eu . 
  the question really needs to be about whether it 's in our/their interests to let them join and the conditions for that . 
  i love your flair, 
   iceland  we need not detain ourselves here too long . 
  only 320,000 -- it would appear rather greedy and irresponsible -- people cling to this breathtaking , yet borderline uninhabitable rock in the north atlantic . 
  *** further attention will only encourage them . 
  *** hahahahhhhaahahahahaa great article in many ways . 
  there 's a lot of great things about the nordic countries but this article astutely points out that there 's a lot of bad aspects too . 
  there were some really salient points in it . 
  this one really stood out for me :  `` neutral '' sweden ( one of the world largest arms exporters ) i do n't think the author is saying that there are only bad things about these countries . 
  i 'd do anything for britain to become more like them . 
  he lives in denmark , he could probably write an equally long article about the good things . 
  but we 've had hundreds of them , and zero of these , so there 's no need for him to balance it in such a way . 
  i see this article as a response to the dozens that have been posted that selectively pick facts about the nordic countries in order to portray them in a positive light . 
  he 's done the exact opposite in cherry picking facts that make them look bad , in order to show how easy it is to distort the true picture of a country . 
  basically , do n't take the article entirely seriously . 
  read it , chuckle at some of the jokes , and recognise that he 's merely pointing out that ** no country is perfect ** and that we need to be reasonable about the facts we choose to look at when determining the ` greatness ' of a country . 
  or maybe he is just an idiot . 
  it 's possible . 
  but either way this is what i drew from the article . 
  i was hoping it would be one of the police . 
  we can always hope . 
  the protestors have hospitalised a good few though which is good, 
  its also not really a marketable degree on its own . 
  probably better to do a degree in something more practical then take a language module with qualifications on top of it , many universities offer that . 
  think it would take more than that to alleviate the superiority complex many in this country have ... 
  the uk would be against it in the first place . 
  our single greatest advantage in war against any other country is that we 're an island - it 's what saved our arses in ww2 . 
  what if she was carrying a nuclear bomb as well ?!??!, 
  clearly the police were justified because they had no idea what she could have been carrying !, 
  she 's honestly just lucky they did n't break her neck !, 
  poor police officers , just following orders :'(, 
  so what you 're saying is that the government has intervened to stop these people from holding and expressing these opinions ? 
  then you 're wrong and you need to find another line of attack . 
  i can see that it could equally encourage them to go and give the person a hug . 
  it 's not an encouragement unless they say people should go and attack them . 
  these people hid heir bigoted comments behind what they thought was anonymity ; if they are n't comfortable with people attaching their comment to their face , they should not have said it . 
  they have n't committed a crime , but neither have the newspapers . 
  freedom of speech works both ways . 
  you can say what you like , but people are free to respond to that . 
  i do n't see any threats of actual violence anywhere , just people calling out racist bigots like the human trash they are . 
  i have yet to see a compelling argument why someone who says `` you can remove the negro from the jungle , but you ca n't remove the jungle from the negro '' deserves the protection of anonymity . 
  that depends how you define religiosity , which is pretty much a field of study in itself within philosophy . . 
  i 'm aware , but i posed a question , so do n't reply with another question . 
  do n't dodge the question . 
  at what point is their right to express themselves being contradicted ? 
   it contradicts the right to free speech . 
  no one is stopping them from saying anything at all . 
  they publicly made bigoted comments . 
  their comments are being publicised . 
  at what point is their right to express themselves being contradicted ? 
  they are n't being punished . 
  they wanted to use their free speech to post racist , bigoted shite like `` you can remove the negro from the jungle , but you ca n't remove the jungle from the negro '' , and now their views are being publicised . 
  if they did n't want that , they should n't have said it . 
  here everyone does it . 
  i did n't actually know what the word ` jaywalking ' meant until i went to oslo and was absolutely confounded that people would just stand there , waiting for the light to turn green so they could cross a road that was completely empty in the first place !, 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
  it satisfies one half of the people ( the middle-aged and older ) by making them feel safer , but it alienates the other half who feel that any of their behaviour in public could leave them with a criminal record , reinforcing an ` us vs them ' mentality , which is n't good for society as a whole . 
  i 'm not really sure what the solution is . 
  police should be able to disperse gangs and groups of troublesome young people to make everyone feel safe without needing to go to court , but i 'm not sure if that can be done without creating that sort of divide . 
  it is . 
  asbos were brought in because the government apparently felt that they needed to be able to deal with low-level public nuisance without having to go through a lengthy court process to actually solve the problem , which i suppose i can understand . 
  there have been modifications to it and i think theresa may is about to replace it with crimbos which are essentially the same idea but with an even lower burden of proof . 
  anti-social behaviour order . 
  it 's a very generalised offence . 
  say there 's a group of five teenagers who are standing around a street corner getting drunk and shouting at/abusing passersby . 
  an officer who sees this can give them ` asbos ' without needing to demonstrate that a * specific * crime like ` assault ' has been committed . 
  it 's never a jail offence , normally they 're put under a curfew with some community work . 
  well we do have it but it 's pretty rare . 
  it 's not used in the same way , house arrest and/or tagging is usually for things like when someone is suspected of being a terrorist , or if they have an asbo they might be tagged with a curfew for a few months . 
  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  same principle but without the criminal culture, 
  i 'm not familiar with the system in sweden ... if they are n't jailed then what do you do with them ? 
  fuck it . 
  fuck it all .
