  you said that people outside the uk see thing more clearly . 
  this is a generalisation and i believe inaccurate . 
   let me explain then . 
  i believe it 's a generalisation that uses the `` grass is greener '' philosophy of believing that people outside of the uk are able to understand our politics greater than people living here . 
  i would coincidentally say that people outside of the uk have less knowledge of uk politics . 
  i do not believe this makes their viewpoints more `` clear '' , yet less informed . 
  well that 's a fault in my wording so i apologise for that . 
  what i meant is that i appreciate an outside perspective on uk issues , and what i tried to get at is that i find that outsiders sometimes * do * see through some of our local issues more clearly . 
  an outside perspective is always valuable . 
   all of who ? 
  everybody that disagrees with you are idiots ? 
  no , these little englanders . 
  i have respect for people who understand an issue , for example the eu , but disagree with me . 
  no problem with that . 
  i have no respect for people who have opinions on things they do not understand . 
   you are misleading yourself into thinking that you live in a country where the people that disagree with you are vicious bigots . 
  they are not bigots * because * they disagree with me . 
  they are bigots solely because of their views as expressed through the ipsos mori poll . 
   once again , this is democracy . 
  it 's the same in every single democratic nation on earth . 
  you are misleading yourself into thinking that you live in a country where the people that disagree with you are vicious bigots . 
  not so . 
  germany and most of northern europe has a voting population far more in tune with the reality of issues . 
   if you live in a city like london you could absolutely be forgiven for thinking that a larger portion of the country are immigrants/non-whites than in reality . 
  if you read a paper like the daily mail you could be forgiven for thinking the problem is worse than it is in reality . 
   which you would probably equate to wanting to remain outside of the eu . 
  no i mean that they have n't adapted their mindset to the new reality of britain , that we are no longer a super-powerful empire . 
  we 're hardly weak but there are much bigger fish in this pond now . 
   aka thinking that immigration should be reduced . 
  you 're substituting an unreasonable belief for a reasonable one . 
  everyone agrees that we need reasonable restrictions on who can come and live here . 
  but there 's a spectrum of views on immigration , and far too many people do n't understand the benefits that it has had for us and just want to scrap the whole thing . 
   which you would probably equate to wanting to remain outside of the eu . 
  here 's a tip : if anyone says that decisions are made `` by unelected politicians in brussels '' that means that they do not understand how the eu works . 
  and yet these are the very people who are supposed to be allowed a vote on it . 
  laughable . 
   which you would probably claim is the view of people who think that islam is a dangerous cult . 
  anyone who has a problem with muslims living in the uk is a bigot and should be deported . 
  intolerance should not be tolerated . 
   it 's a conservative newspaper . 
  the guardian shares the same views as the new statesman , that does n't mean that both papers are the same . 
  ridiculous to make such a statement . 
  you agree that both papers share the same views . 
  good , then we have nothing further to discuss about it . 
   we know you do n't care . 
  you do n't care about listening to alternative points of view . 
  you have already made up your mind about people who do n't hold the same political views as yourself . 
  i said that i find hearing outside perspectives on uk-related issues valuable . 
  you responded `` i disagree '' . 
  it does n't add anything because all you 've done is go `` yeah but no '' , you have n't explained your position or why i should care . 
  no i 'm not going to be convinced by you just stating that you disagree with me . 
   label them , attribute their points of view as bigotry and believe that the grass is greener in other countries . 
  half of them are bigots , but all of them are idiots . 
  you 've seen [ the survey by ipsos mori ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-wrong-about-nearly-everything-survey-shows-8697821.html ) i presume ? 
   immigration : some 31 per cent of the population is thought to consist of recent immigrants , when the figure is actually 13 per cent . 
  even including illegal immigrants , the figure is only about 15 per cent . 
  on the issue of ethnicity , black and asian people are thought to make up 30 per cent of the population , when the figure is closer to 11 per cent . 
  and this is our voting populace . 
  it 's absolutely laughable that these people are going out to vote in the next election when they know absolutely fuck-all about anything . 
  it 's not about opinions here , it 's about facts , and they 're wrong . 
  although i ca n't imagine that the other countries would acknowledge the veto . 
  they 'd just do it anyway . 
  if you 've got to the point where the only people against the sanction are the people being sanctioned , their veto is meaningless . 
  just ignore it . 
  in fairness , if you were british during the 19th century it did n't really matter what other countries thought of the way you behaved :p, 
   the term `` little englander '' is about as useful as `` guardianista '' or `` champagne socialist '' . 
  all pathetic terms used by people who hold absolute contempt for others they disagree with . 
  it 's just a term used to describe a group of people in england which share the same views . 
  many of them still see england as the center of the world . 
  they see immigration as a plague of locusts looking to devour what makes england ` so great ' , they lack an understanding of the eu 's role that 5 year olds in mainland europe have , they think 4.8 % of the population makes the country `` basically pakistan '' , and are generally bigoted . 
  they make up a significant section of english society . 
   no it 's basically not . 
  convincing stuff , but the fact remains that the telegraph shares exactly the same views as the daily mail , the only difference is that it uses a format like the times to express them . 
  there 's some very solid investigative journalism going on in the telegraph , do n't get me wrong , they did a great job with the expenses scandals , but in terms of their political views , there 's no difference between what i 've read on it and what i 've read in the mail . 
   i would disagree with that assertion . 
  i do n't care . 
  it 's series , you american imperialist pig !, 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  most of the press are right-wing , which unfortunately reflects the views of the typical little englanders we have here . 
  scotland and wales are very liberal countries but they are n't really represented in the major papers . 
  there 's ` the times ' ( not liberal but generally very good at being centrist outside of opinion pieces , which are generally socially liberal and economically conservative ) and ` the guardian ' . 
  the financial times is alright but does tend to be more business-focused , as the title would suggest . 
  ca n't say they 've ever done much to impress me other than print press releases and talk about market fluctuations haha beyond that , the rest are trash . 
  the daily mail , the sun , the metro , are all toilet paper . 
  the telegraph is basically the daily mail but with many more words . 
  both equally racist and xenophobic . 
  would not be at all surprised if both papers supported ukip in the next election . 
  i would just appreciate one or two more quality broadsheets from a more liberal perspective . 
  not to mention , in my experience , those from abroad see things here a lot more clearly than we do . 
  an ` outside perspective ' is often very helpful . 
  oh wow , i did n't know that actually !, 
  thank you !, 
  if dagens nyheter or politiken came to the uk i 'd probably subscribe . 
  yep !, 
  i only realised recently that chicken tikka masala is believed to have been invented in an indian restaurant in glasgow !, 
  your first reply to him was `` bullshit . '', 
  you set the tone and tried to make things uncivil . 
  would you like a tinfoil cap with that conspiracy theory ? 
  every country has an agenda : the best interests of its citizens . 
  that is fundamentally how every nation state operates .
