   they  they who ? 
  you keep saying ` they ' . 
  you mean the government at the time ? 
  the one who are no longer in power ? 
  the ones whom the greeks fucking despise and threw out to be replaced with a brand new governing party ? 
  you 're acting like greece is this one entity that acts collectively and with one will . 
  there 's only one side that has refused to compromise and that is the germans . 
  `` my way or the highway '' is their mindset . 
  either the greeks stick to the rules the germans have given them and watch their country continue to collapse ( 25 % drop in total gdp and the same rise total unemployment ) or they 're punished for stepping out of line . 
  austerity has failed , it can not and will not work in greece . 
  at this point i 'm starting to think the best thing greece can do is default and leave the eu , start fresh . 
  might be the [ best thing for them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_withdrawal_from_the_eurozone#wolfson_economics_prize ) in the long run . 
  if they stay in the eu and merkel refuses to budge then things are only going to get worse for them . 
  i think it addresses both . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  i mean if the problem is that there 's not enough women on boards , this solves that * precise * problem by requiring it . 
  also people should bear in mind that these sots of laws are usually thought to be temporary matters . 
  once you start getting women onto boards they can start tearing down the boys club culture which means that there 's no longer such impedinents to future women looking to get promoted . 
  at that point these laws wo n't be necessary and can be repealed . 
  yeah because there are * so many * companies just * desperately * struggling to get males on their boards, 
  some of us do . 
   `` such an army would help us to create a mutual foreign and security policy so we can bear the responsibilities europe has in the world . '', 
  which sounds good in theory but in reality * we do not have the same foreign policy . 
  * and that 's not just because we 're bickering etc. 
  it 's because we all have very different interests !, 
  each country has its own unique history , its own different neighbours , geography , natural resources , trade links , etc. 
  a european army would be taking the soldiers from one country to defend the interests of another country , even if it 's not in their interests . 
  and then there 's the logistical problems : in reality , a european army would be the uk , france , and germany protecting the rest of the eu . 
  it 's lopsided . 
  got ta love the capitalist race to the bottom, 
   it will be the task of the current leaders to change the eu 's image from a distant , technocratic empire that does n't care about its people to one that tries to do its best to allow people to live better it 's not even just podemos , syriza etc. 
  that the eu should worry about . 
  as tsipras has pointed out many times before , golden dawn are the third-largest party in the greek parliament right now . 
  germany of all countries should understand the risk that poses . 
  further austerity will just continue to destroy greece and the germans will never get their money back . 
  if they want greece to survive ( and it is in their interests that it does ) they should co-operate with syriza , they 've got the right plan in mind . 
  right , and i agree , by default i do n't assume that homeless people are drug addicts , i think they 're usually just victims of circumstances and often of mental illness . 
  i 'm just saying that those who * are * drug addicts do n't deserve our financial support until they 've gone through rehab . 
  if i knew a homeless person was addicted to heroin , for example , i would not give him money , i would find the address of the nearest clinic or w/e on my phone and give him directions . 
  i do as well , i do n't see any reason to think that this individual is a drug addict or anything like that . 
  the economic circumstances in greece are utterly dire and many , many good people are being made homeless , he is probably one of them . 
  i was just talking about actual hypothetical drug addicts and that we should n't be giving them money . 
  i think we should be putting them in rehabilitation centres and forcing them to get off the drugs . 
  i do n't know , should he ? 
  is he just going to sell them the next day to buy more drugs then sell his sob-story to the next kind-hearted passer-by ? 
  he could have simply guessed from looking at his feet . 
  or he could have asked the guy and then gone and bought the pair . 
  good , that 's a reasonable request , and it 's one the british public almost unanimously support , actually . 
  pretty much no one wants to kick out eu citizens currently living or working in the uk . 
  if they were saying we 'd need to accept freedom of movement into the future then the public would rather just have a hard brexit with no deal . 
   and eu army was well known fact ( and indeed an argument to leave ) prior to referendum . 
  one of the main reasons we left , frankly . 
  the entire remain side was trying to convince us it would never happen but here we are . 
  i bet he 's american haha, 
  we have no interest in setting up controls on the irish border , neither do ireland . 
  neither of us will allow the eu to enforce controls there . 
  we simply do n't care about the eu 's opinion on such an important matter . 
  we 're not asking you to give us a deal with a comparative advantage . 
  we 're not giving you an ultimatum . 
  we 're just leaving . 
  to be honest , i think neither ireland nor the uk would comply with an eu ruling that meant the return of border checks . 
  i think they 'd simply ignore it . 
  the eu is n't * that * important that it 's worth this risk . 
  yes , i think it 's offensive and inappropriate , and i think you need to grow up and develop some standards for your own behaviour , rather than taking the piss out of other people who have suffered what you have n't . 
  i do n't make any apologies for that . 
   it 's called a coping mechanism . 
  no it is n't , that 's a really fucking low-effort excuse for making jokes in very bad taste at the expense of others . 
  i do n't buy this excuse for a micro-second . 
  you are n't having trouble ` coping ' with this . 
  try another one . 
   and yes , i can make fun , light and everything else of whatever i want . 
  freedom of speech and all that . 
  sure , but it 's also completely inappropriate and unacceptable to make light of someone else 's suffering . 
  if you have n't shared in the experience they went through , you do n't get to decide what the appropriate response is . 
  are there actually any examples of where it has n't been a horrific crime against culture ? 
   eh , i prefer humor in an event like this . 
  it 's not your experience to make light of . 
  it 's not something you have any ownership over . 
  it would be like if i made jokes at the expense of cancer victims , despite never having had cancer myeslf , and when pushed on why i think this is at all acceptable , i respond ` it 's just a coping mechanism bro ' it 's bullshit . 
  it 's very easy to joke about when you have n't been personally affected . 
  making light of other people 's suffering is not morally acceptable . 
  can we please not joke about this while people 's loved ones are still being treated from this horrific attack ? 
  people have been attacked by a maniac with an axe and seriously injured , and your first response is to make a joke about it for internet karma . 
  good grief , get some class . 
  knock it flat with a bulldozer , it 's irredeemable . 
  tragic given the beauty of the surrounding buildings . 
  who on earth had such poor taste as to think it was a remotely tasteful , beautiful , or appropriate building ? 
   polling has found that 84 % of the public supports allowing migrants to stay , including 77 % of leave voters and 85 % of conservative supporters . 
   just 16 % of voters want eu citizens to be forced to leave after brexit , the icm research for the think-tank british future found . 
  two things : 1 ) the british parliament passed a non-binding motion supporting the right of eu citizens living in the uk to remain here . 
  though this is non-binding , the fact that it passed 245-2 should give you an indication of how unlikely it is that we 're just going to deport them all . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/06/boris-johnson-to-back-labour-motion-on-eu-migrants ) ) 2 ) in terms of public support beyond the formal legislature , the vast majority of the public - both remain and leave - want eu citizens already here to be allowed to stay . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/eu-nationals-should-be-allowed-to-stay-after-brexit-remain-and-leave-campaigners-say_uk_5778b38ae4b0f7b5579552e4 ) ) so both the public * and * the legislature agree that we should guarantee the right of eu nationals in the uk to remain here . 
  as far as i can see , the only reason this would be an issue would be if european nations did not guarantee the same for british citizens living in the eu . 
  it 's pretty hypocritical of you to criticise us for not already guaranteeing that eu nationals can remain in the uk when the eu has not guaranteed that uk nationals can remain in the eu . 
  no , we do n't want another union . 
  what we want it so co-operate very closely with france on issues where we have mutual interests , and to remain good friends with each other . 
  this does not require any sort of formal ` union ' , especially not anything like the european union . 
  unless you 're using the term ` union ' in a rather more vague sense than i understand it here ? 
   many of the brexit voters ( of course not all ) want to get rid of the eu citizens in the uk .
