  [ only a small minority ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/eu-nationals-should-be-allowed-to-stay-after-brexit-remain-and-leave-campaigners-say_uk_5778b38ae4b0f7b5579552e4 ) . 
  the union that the uk and france once had ( in the form of membership of the european union ) is not the only kind of close union two countries can have . 
  it 's perfectly consistent to want to leave the european union but still maintain a close co-operative relationship with each other . 
  why would they have to leave ? 
  no one is proposing we just round up and deport eu citizens living here , there 's almost a consensus that those already resident here will be granted permanent resident status . 
  you clearly have no understanding of the issues you 're talking about . 
  i 'm going to ignore everything you say . 
  because they and the rest of us did n't make you pay for your own rather large fuck ups after realising that it 's a really bad idea . 
  would be great if you returned the favour . 
  poland : but what if you flood our country with cheap labour to compete for jobs ? 
  uk : ... damn it, 
  yeah it 's a silly hypothetical , it raises tensions and hackles unnecessarily . 
  the best thing to do would be to sort out the tax haven status of gibraltar so we can work more closely with your government in the area . 
  we would n't start a war with spain . 
  the war would be started by spain if they invaded gibraltar . 
  we would just be ending the war and restoring peace . 
  i genuinely do n't understand how you 're struggling with this the question on the ballot paper was whether the united kingdom should remain in or leave the european union . 
  we voted to leave the european union . 
  period . 
  there were no further stipulations or conditions or fine print or ` but 's or ` if 's . 
  we voted to leave the european union . 
  if we stayed in the eea we 'd still be subject to * all * the things that leave voters wanted to get away from , e.g. 
  freedom of movement . 
  it would have been interpreted by the british public as a huge betrayal of the democratic vote to take us out of the eu and into the eea . 
  that was n't what people voted for when they voted to leave the european union . 
  and i say this as someone who voted to remain . 
  possibly , but that would have meant accepting freedom of movement , which is a deal breaker for the british public unfortunately - not that i agree with them . 
  ` hard brexit ' is clearly the last resort . 
  obviously we 'd prefer all sorts of agreements and close partnerships , but let 's not pretend that there 's no mandate for ` hard brexit ' , it was right there on the ballot paper . 
  there 's no difference . 
  we chose the option presented of leaving the european union . 
  this is the kind of stupid bollocks a lot of elderly , nostalgic leave voters wanted . 
  of course it was . 
  that was the option presented to ` leave ' the european union . 
  please stop being such a cunt . 
  look , i 'm totally aware i 'm being a prick in this conversation with you , and i 'm sorry about that . 
  but look at the actual comments i 've been responding to . 
  i 've been dealing with a guy who genuinely made the following statements in a thread about animal cruelty , spurred by a video in which pigs were being boiled alive in a slaughterhouse : * ( in response to my point that he had committed the is-ought fallacy by suggesting that nature = moral ) : `` i do n't care . '', 
  * `` i 'm a human so i get to do what i want . '', 
  * `` i do n't need a justification . '', 
  * `` i 'm not defending anything . 
  i do n't need to . 
  i 'm going to keep doing it and no one is going to be able to stop me . '', 
  that 's the guy i 've been being a condescending prick to when you lot jumped in and started criticising me for being mean and condescending . 
  this is not a rational , reasonable person capable of being convinced through rational conversation . 
  their beliefs were not arrived at through reason , which means they ca n't be reasoned out of it , as a few of us have found in this thread . 
  i 've been making rational , well-reasoned , well-sourced arguments throughout this thread which have either been downvoted for no reason or dismissed with ` but muh tastebuds ' . 
  funny how my comments like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/65321o/the_netherlands_government_is_considering_placing/dg7gql8/ ) were either ignored entirely or downvoted and people chose to get their feelings hurt by my one argument with this prick . 
  yeah because many men 's masculinity is so fragile that even the food they eat can fracture it . 
  and people wonder why i 'm being condescending to this guy . 
  his position was n't arrives at through rationality ( he freely admits this ) , so rationality is n't going to change it . 
  oh please , call the wahmbulance if my arguments in a thread about animal cruelty triggered you that badly , then come back to the big boys table when you 've dried your tears and actually have something to contribute . 
  some of my comments certainly were condescending , but i think if you look at the specifics of the comment chain you 'll see that it was always in response to comments which display an abject refusal to engage in reasoned discussion . 
  for example , `` i do n't care . '', 
  it was never deliberately pre-emptively aimed at non-veggies who are open to reasoned debate . 
  why not ? 
  you said earlier that it was okay to kill other animals because it happens in nature . 
  why would that not also justify killing each other ? 
  would n't we just be living in accordance with our human nature and natural law ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's perfectly natural . 
  killing happens all the time in nature . 
  one of the interesting features of the concept of human rights is the notion that they are fundamentally moral , such that even if a particular legal system did not enshrine them , their citizens would nonetheless possess those rights . 
  do you think humans are the only species with moral rights of this kind ? 
  if we grew up in societies that did n't know what human rights are , would it be okay to kill humans ? 
  that would actually be pretty fucking metal . 
  horrendously cruel but ... really metal . 
  okay , sure . 
  but if we set aside the legal side and look at it morally , why is it okay to kill non-human , but not okay to kill humans ? 
  is just just because we 're special ? 
  from your perspective , what do you think the difference is ? 
  is it just because humans are inherently special and superior because of a species-property , and therefore a kind of protected moral class ? 
  would you need an argument or justification to club a person to death in the street ? 
   it 's not a matter of intellegence , just a matter of different moral priorities . 
  you prioritize the wellbeing of animals above the delicious taste of meat . 
  i do n't . 
  two things here . 
  firstly , `` the delicious taste of meat '' is n't a moral priority of any kind - it simply is n't the kind of thing that has any moral value at all , and it therefore ca n't be ranked in comparison with other values . 
  but even if this was n't the case , could you actually justify that in a coherent way ? 
  even from a primitive utilitarian perspective , we can measure the suffering inflicted on animals through this process , and we can measure the pleasure you gain from the taste of meat . 
  it probably does n't work out in your favour . 
   but morals are not an objective standard , they are a quality defined by humans . 
  and i just happen to disagree with your definition . 
  this misconception is probably at the core of the problem in this debate , actually . 
  morality is n't relative or fictional , there 's very good reason to think there really are moral facts of the matter about a whole range of cases including these ones . 
  i encourage you to have a browse of / r/askphilosophy or view [ this faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophyfaq/comments/4i2vec/are_there_good_arguments_for_objective_morality/ ) on the matter . 
   but if your perceived moral superiority somehow makes you feel good , then i 'm happy for you . 
  it 's not about feeling morally superior , it 's about trying to shape a world where we no longer inflict unimaginable levels of suffering on other species for silly , unimportant reasons . 
  no , i imagine it was n't for someone of your intimidating intellect . 
  sure it can . 
  if you walk into the street and club a person to death with a hammer , that 's you sing your self-determination in a highly problematic way . 
  you have n't actually presented an argument , you 've just used your feefees and stuck your head in the sand . 
  when did i call `` the whole meat eating population '' an idiot ? 
  i called * him * an idiot , because he responded to actual arguments with an incorrectly used fallacy and `` i do n't care '' , which is not an argument at all , and shows a total unwillingness to actually engage in rational debate . 
  he 's either unintelligent or otherwise in a position where he 's approaching this issue with his fee-fees rather than any kind of intellectual openness , honesty , and rationality . 
  that 's why i said what i said . 
  i 'm perfectly happy to engage in polite , calm debate with people who are willing to do the same , without belligerently boasting about how much they love ` muh chicken nuggies ' as though that constituted an argument . 
  ** i do n't believe that the meat eating population are idiots . 
  ** most of the most intelligent people throughout history have eaten meat as parts of their diets , and still do to this day . 
  i do nonetheless think that it 's a moral blindspot .
