  it 's bullshit . 
  depends if it pays off , it 's all or nothing right now . 
  he has no right to sign the deal even if he wanted to . 
  greeks did n't elect them to make decision for them but to implement their will . 
  they 're the only credible greek party and the only option if the eu really wants a party able to crack down on corruption . 
  yeah what the imf have been doing the greek economy has been * so much help * to the greek people lmao, 
  if anyone stands to win from that sort of situation it 's golden dawn . 
  maybe something for the germans to think about ? 
  history repeating itself and all that . 
  the issue is n't really worth discussing on / r/europe anymore . 
  everyone knows where they stand already and i for one am not particularly interested in hearing what the other side have to say . 
  i 'm just here for the results . 
  http://ekloges.ypes.gr/current/e/public/index.html?lang=en# { % 22cls % 22 : % 22main % 22 , % 22params % 22 :{ } }, 
  doubt it , syriza and its major figures are still very , very popular , and the opposition lacks any credibility in the face of their responsibility for the crisis greece now finds itself in . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  / u/holygigi goes `` you think * greece * is bad ? 
  wait til you hear about romania ... '' , and when it 's pointed out that greece has higher tax collection than romania you accuse him of a tu quoque ? 
  get out . 
  what leadership ? 
  she 's been invisible . 
  i thought she was supposed to be some kind of \u00fcber-politician ? 
  we elect people to do democracy * for us * , not to entrust us to make important decisions for ourselves !, 
  only when it suits them . 
  most europeans support the eu and by extension are n't particularly interested in democracy or the method so much as the end or results of the project . 
  this is why the preferred method for making important decisions in europe is not by consulting the people but by having a select few largely anonymous individuals make deals behind closed doors . 
  this is why they were so shocked that the greek government actually believed in democracy , showing yet again the ideological gap between them . 
   greece will have some very difficult years to go either way . 
  the only reason it 's being held is because incompetent politicians wo n't make difficult decisions . 
  no , it 's being held because tsipras and syriza have no mandate to make a decision either way without consulting the people given the pledges he was elected on . 
  he was elected to end austerity within the euro and it 's looking like he is going to have to choose between the two . 
  he needs the people 's democratic mandate . 
  a shame so many europeans seem to have so little regard for democracy . 
  to me it sounds like you 're afraid of the people being given any actual responsibility for important decisions . 
  but if we called it that then we could n't simply discredit it and manipulate people 's views could we ? 
  it 's a weird one - why did we vote for pro-austerity parties if we 're against it ? 
  disappointing but unsurprising given the way british voters voted in our last general election . 
  again , ignorance . 
  you have n't even considered that maybe people are opposed to the very idea of a european union . 
  there 's a consistent presumption by users in this thread that if you 're opposed the eu you 're just an uneducated idiot . 
  fuck that , there 's plenty of good reasons to be opposed to it . 
  he 's a cunt and i wish he 'd stop existing . 
  i think he does n't understand the fact that he 's negotiating with idiots with more concern for politics for reality . 
  merkel etc. 
  on both sides . 
  yeah that 's * totally * the logical extension of the argument idiot, 
  yep , right now i intend to vote to leave the eu in large part because of the way they 've treated greece . 
  arbitrary goalposts that you can move any time someone comes up with a counter example though, 
  that 's the whole problem . 
  a ` yes ' vote is a vote for what you see here , continued indefinitely , with no hope in sight . 
  a no vote probably means this for the very near future , but devaluation combined with syriza tackling structural problems like tax collection and corruption means there is at least some hope in the future . 
  the revolution is just around the corner comrades !, 
  the popular people 's front of judea ... 
  the only possible deal is structural reform in exchange for debt forgiveness . 
  structural reform i.e. 
  measures to tackle corruption , increase tax collection , efficiencies in government departments , etc. 
  rather than just kicking the poor and elderly . 
  lol, 
  `` leaving us to clean up their mess ! '', 
  they 'll get the money . 
  they might just have to start borrowing from various non-essential government departments to put it together . 
  do n't worry , they 'll find a way . 
  oh , right , so now the fact that the imf are totally incompetent is the greeks ' fault !, 
  great story brah, 
  this has always been the case . 
  federalists have been kidding themselves , this has just caused the mask to slip from countries like germany . 
   this is just nonsense , how the hell was it the eu or the imf who caused the problem ? 
  it 's a union of nations - until one starts to drag on the rest , and then they 're cut loose . 
  yeah because the cuts have worked * so well * so far, 
   no ez should n't be lenient when the country does n't try or fails to implement the austerity meassures so the ez comes down to ` austerity or out ' ? 
  okay , i 'll be voting out then . 
  wow , such european unity . 
  true federalisation must surely only be a few years off . 
  so now that we 've had time to cut our losses we 're cutting them adrift . 
  what a wonderful union we have . 
  hahaha , `` expert '', 
   if yes , i predict that the next 48 hours the banks will remain closed and some form of capital control will be implemented until the referendum at least . 
  maybe , but : https://twitter.com/yanisvaroufakis/status/615127339102531584  capital controls within a monetary union are a contradiction in terms . 
  the greek government opposes the very concept . 
  greece does n't need anyone 's permission . 
  what 's germany going to do , invade ? 
  write them a strongly worded letter ? 
  over the next few years ? 
  probably not very well at all . 
  but they 've already had their pensions slashed by 60 % and the imf wanted that cut further . 
  after the initial force of independence hits greece there 's actually some hope in the future imo . 
  getting back control over their economy , as long as syriza remain in government , gives them what they need to get sustainable growth out of poverty . 
  yeah , it 's pretty terrifying . 
  i do n't envy your predicament but i wish you and the rest of the greek people all the best . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i 'm watching the way the eu is treating greece very closely and using it to inform the way i will be voting when we have our eu referendum . 
  every day is pushing me further towards an ` out ' vote . 
   the reurozone are going to try and ensure that greece suffers massively . 
  yep . 
  i remember reading a very astute point - the eu does n't fear greece leaving , defaulting , and failing . 
  the situation is now such that the effect on the eu can be managed . 
  the real thing the eu worry about is greece leaving and succeeding . 
  that ca n't be allowed to happen , so if greece decide to leave the eu will do everything it can to make the greek people suffer for rejecting their rule and authority . 
  he 'll take help from anyone who 's willing to offer it , and right now putin is a lot more willing than the eu . 
  greece also has a bit of a friendly history with russia on top of that . 
  if we are unhappy with that then we have only ourselves to blame .
