  working for a textbook publisher maybe . 
  or at an uni as some kind of `` hilfswissenschaftler '' ( graduate assistant ? 
  ) , you do n't earn much though , not enough to live it up , that 's for sure ... 
   social science which one and which kind of degree , bachelor or master ? 
  people do n't get it . 
  they do n't know the difference between a refugee , an asylum seeker/applicant and normal immigrants . 
  also they overestimate the amount of refugees in their respective countries by the millions , it seems . 
  i have answered the question/statement `` but those `` human rights '' are n't real , right ? 
  we can abolish them just like that because we are glorious and mighty europe , we do n't have to listen to * anyone * '' at least three times today , and it sickens me that people * actually * believe they can abolish something so fundamental just like that . 
  simply because they do n't like brown skinned people . 
  also , if you cite statistics from the unhcr , obviously the only real instance for this kind of things , people question it . 
  that 's fine and dandy , but seriously , if there are only 5000 stateless persons in germany , * there are only 5000 of them * and it means that most asylum seekers or immigrants do n't throw away their documents by the millions . 
  it 's not the xenophobia that irks me . 
  it 's the blatant disregard for human rights , statistics if they are n't in their favour , and the complete absence of human dignity . 
  umm ... no ? 
  just because one political ideology disregards human rights does n't make them obsolete . 
  they trace their origins back to natural law . 
  it 's the lowest common denominator and goes hand in hand with denying these other groups basic human rights . 
  of course simply elevating one group above another is not enough to count as fascism ( that would be ridiculous ) , it 's part of a bigger ideology , but an important one . 
  it 's pretty hard to define fascism anyways because there were and are a lot of different fascist movements . 
   living in europe is not a human right . 
  asylum is . 
  umm ... no , they are not ? 
  the very fundament of human rights is that they are unchangeable , they are given to you because you are a human being , no matter who you are . 
  they are universal and egalitarian . 
  denying those rights to certain kinds of people * is * fascist . 
  i know this is thrown around a lot , but the very definition of fascism is elevating one group of people above another , which would be the case . 
  * sigh * if you are a stateless person , which you are if you throw away your documents , you turn up in that statistic as a stateless person . 
  if you do n't you are registered as an asylum seeker or a refugee , but only if you have the appropriate documents . 
  still , there were only 470 stateless persons in italy in 2012 . 
   they throw away their documents to be able to stay . 
  that 's not the case . 
  there where about 550 stateless persons in austria in 2012 , and around 5000 in germany . 
  source : http://popstats.unhcr.org/psq_poc.aspx set to overview , check only stateless persons , choose country . 
   the only one that is an actual argument is 2 . 
  it 's not even a strong one . 
  for one , the eu will never unanimously decide to disregard basic human rights . 
  second , * pacta sunt servanda * , especially if it 's in your interest that other nations will adhere to international law . 
  ( and no , whataboutism is not an argument . ), 
  it 's just a reminder because people like to blame the eu for every problem nowadays . 
  edit : not saying the eu behaves perfect , it 's far from it . 
  it closed a camp in lampedusa because of terrible conditions , alright , good one eu !, 
  but then it left italy alone with ~ 40 ' 000 or something asylum seekers . 
  italy gave them tourist visas and sent them north . 
  of course germany now says that they are here illegaly . 
  but those people did n't know better . 
  it was italys fault to do so and eus fault to push italy to do it instead of opening a better camp or just do * anything * at all . 
  are you really questioning the fact that africa is pretty much the least developed continent ? 
  it 's not eu law , it 's international law , and it 's binding even if malta would leave the eu . 
  people like to forget that . 
  they cite [ this guys research ] ( http://www.canterbury.ac.nz/spark/researcher.aspx?researcherid=86245 ) , [ especially this paper seems to be relevant ] ( http://www.enveurope.com/content/25/1/12 ) , quote :  we found no evidence that restrictions and regulations of gm crops in europe have decreased seed choices for farmers in the non-adopting countries austria , germany and switzerland . 
  in contrast , we observed that in spain , which has adopted gm maize , the seed market was more concentrated with fewer differentiated cultivars on offer . 
  in spain , overall numbers of maize cultivars declined , with an increasing number of non-gm cultivars being replaced by gm cultivars . 
  * moreover , there was no detectable yield advantage in gm-adopting countries , even when we extended our analysis to the united states . 
  * there are some more , but not all of them are accessible, 
   out of curiosity , do you think farmers are idiots ? 
  no , one of my relatives is a farmer , he studied agricultural sciences . 
  but why should he know everything about the newest studies etc ? 
   why not legalize it , then ? 
  because it mixes with classic crops ? 
  and as said in the article , if it causes `` super weeds '' to develop , which are more resistant to herbicides , then every farmer has a problem because they ca n't be contained to one field . 
  i did n't know that : /, 
  hey , i 've never said that . 
  i just do n't think it makes a good comparison because boeing and airbus already are the subject of a treaty/agreement between the us and eu and the wto keeps a very close eye on both of them . 
  well , boeing and airbus are a somewhat delicate matter though , i do n't think you can compare this case to any other . 
  the eu is heavily invested in airbus , and so is the us in boeing . 
  also , [ wto found boeing received federal aid in violation of wto rules ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052748704254304576116051390545350?mg=reno64-wsj&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fonline.wsj.com%2farticle%2fsb10001424052748704254304576116051390545350.html ) ( behind paywall , meh ) , but airbus too received improper government subsidies . 
  all of this , however , has nothing to do with isds . 
  yeah , i do . 
  i have to admit i was misinformed and i can understand why the firm sues quebec , although isds in ttip is portrayed somewhat differently in german media . 
  mainly as a tool for corporate groups to pressure states . 
  then we agree , 
  most gmo coming from monsanto and co are made to be used with their specific herbicide ( for example round up ) . 
  some gmo make sense ( for example rice with more/different vitamins since this is a staple food in a lot of countries where undernourishment is a terrible problem ) , but on the other hand , our current system seems to be doing fine , even better , without gmo . 
  why change it ? 
  especially if it 's against the will of so many people ? 
  if it would yield significantly more crops , then there 's something politicians might want to consider , but not in that current combination . 
  read the article . 
  non-gm leads the field `` we found that the combination of non-gm seed and management practices used by western europe is increasing corn yields faster than the use of the gm-led package chosen by the us , '' said prof. heinemann . 
  the research showed rapeseed ( canola ) yields increasing faster in europe without gm than in the gm-led package chosen by canada ; and is decreasing chemical herbicide and achieving even larger declines in insecticide use without sacrificing yield gains , all this whilst chemical herbicide use in the us has increased with gm seed . 
  heinemann added that `` europe has learned to grow more food per hectare and use fewer chemicals in the process . 
  the american choices in biotechnology are causing it to fall behind europe in productivity and sustainability . '', 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/us-genetically-engineered-agriculture-is-outclassed-by-europes-non-gm-approach/5341518 not diseases but they seem to be not as effective as `` classic '' crops . 
  if our non-gmo agriculture is more effective and yields more crops than us gmo agriculture , why use gmo then ? 
  i did n't use that word to begin with , that was / u/london _ immunologist ... just wanted to make my stance clear . 
  i do think farage is a xenophobe though , and his party is terrible . 
  not only because of that , but you ca n't seriously want to forbid showing a movie about global warming in school . 
  talking about thought police ... 
  i do n't accuse him of being a racist , i do n't even deny that there is a problem with crime . 
  but on the other hand , there seem to be a lot of decent , working romanians in the uk as well . 
  i just do n't think it 's okay to pigeonhole all of them . 
  russia today ? 
  are you even serious ? 
   in an interview with lbc radio , mr. farage , whose wife is german , was pressed on whether he would feel uncomfortable with german neighbors . 
  `` i think you know the difference , '' he replied . 
  and that 's where you answer : `` no , i do n't . 
  could you please explain that to me ? '', 
  and then see what happens . 
  yeah, 
  it only takes a year for a refugee to get a green card in the us since they eliminated the cap on refugee green cards a few years ago .
