i do n't know , it was mentioned in a documentary about internet speed in germany . 
  a rather big journalism organization moved there and they were told that there 's no internet available until 2015 . 
  you might think it 's a joke but there are places in berlin with no internet connection at all . 
  half a kilometre away from the fernsehturm ( that big `` antenna '' like tower ) . 
  volkswagen is huge . 
  [ this ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/jctvp ) is the biggest car manufacturing plant in europe , if not the world . 
   towns like bienne ( biel ) used to be bilingual , with even a romand majority . 
  now it 's 85 % swiss-german . 
  that 's so sad , i was born there and even though i 'm a german speaker myself i liked that it is ( was :( ) bilingual ... 
  there was an independence movement , or not ? 
  it lead to the kanton jura . 
   after successful completion of the phase i sbir contract , we were awarded a follow-up 2-year phase ii $ 750,000 sbir contract by the federal highway administration beginning in 2011 . 
  with this award , a prototype parking lot will be built and then tested under all weather and sunlight conditions . 
  yeah , no basis in reality , that 's why they got 750,000 $ from the fha and built a [ prototype parking lot ] ( http://www.solarroadways.com/prototypeii.shtml ) sturdy enough to sustain a [ tractor ] ( http://www.solarroadways.com/images/hirespics/tractor.jpg ) just because it 's in early development does n't mean it has `` no basis in reality whatsoever '' ... 
  http://www.solarroadways.com/intro.shtml ? 
  i know , just bear with me for a moment . 
  how long will it take to replace every classic fossil fuel based engine / car with an electricity based one ? 
  10 years ? 
  or even longer ? 
  until then solar roadways will most likely be out of development and ready for implementation imagine every street in europe is paved with solar panels , they will produce enough energy for day and night consumption ( and sufficient ways to store it for the night would be available as well ), 
   they can work literally any other unskilled job , but decided they 'd rather have more money for less work . 
  ahaha , are you even serious ? 
  damn ... nobody will hire you if you say you worked as a prostitute . 
  even if you lie , there 's some really big gap in your cv . 
  also , would you marry an ex-prostitute ? 
  i guess most men would n't . 
  not blaiming anyone , but being a prostitute carries a heavy social stigma . 
  it 's not easy to get out of this . 
  if it was easy there would n't be any ngos trying to help women out of it . 
  switzerland has plenty of rivers and high mountain lakes to build pumped storage hydropower plants for providing baseload energy ( so you do n't need coal power plants for that ) , and non-storage hydropower plants as well . 
  in addition to that , there 's some space to build wind farms , biomass plants ... , in 2012 nuclear power plants provided 35 % of energy production , conventionel thermic and other plants 5 % , and hydropower ( combined storage and running ) ~ 59 % , i 'm convinced it 's possible to raise that amount and lower that of nuclear power plants without sacrificing reliability . 
   if someone asks a swiss person to speak high german and they keep talking in swiss german , then that swiss guy 's an asshole . 
  or just old , my mother ca n't speak high german well , she has the worst accent . 
       so basically you can pay for sex if you meet at a private place like your house , but only if you pay directly with no third party involved in sending/connecting you with the prostitute . 
  that 's actually not the worst idea if you want to crack down on human trafficking . 
  no middle man involved , no one there to force you . 
  yet you are still free to work as a prostitute , it 's just a bit harder to find clients . 
  umm , they are humans , you know . 
  it 's build like fukushima , in an area prone to flooding . 
  great . 
  yeah , but he 's talking about guys like [ hans globke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_globke ), 
  irish ( republic of ) 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  south african and  1 . 
  english 2 . 
  german 3 . 
  hungarian that 's nice , i guess ? 
   yes . 
  europeans should totally pay to have the entire africal continent vaccinated , because it can spread to the european continent . 
  you do know that this is the reason why smallpox is considered eradicated ? 
  surely you can see the benefit of worldwide vaccination programs organized by the who ? 
  i am vaccinated , but i was born in 88 . 
  it was discontinued in germany ( and possibly other states in europe , but i do n't know that ) in 1998 because bcg is not completely safe and does n't offer enough protection against pulmonary tb, 
  [ vaccination is enough to trigger a false positive . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mantoux_test#false_positive_result ), 
   1/3 grant and 2/3 loan in germany it 's 50/50 but usually just enough to get by ( 670 $ ) . 
  you are free to earn as much as 400 $ every month though ... 
  most of them are in turkey , egypt etc anyways ... it 's not like 20 ' 000 is a lot compared to 670 ' 000 in turkey, 
  yeah , those refugees are totally gon na steal our jerbs !!!, 
  not that they are allowed to work though ... 
  umm , eritrea has a 14 % growth rate . 
  does n't mean shit if all the money flows to the elite . 
  nobody can actually say whats going on there because it 's freedom of press is even worse than north koreas ( no joke , they are behind north korea at the freedom of press index ... ) they persecute members of other religions than the offical state religions ( which are roman catholicism , lutherism , and suuni islam ) , there are no national elections and they have a one party system , people are being tortured and killed if they criticize the government etc , but that 's happening since years . 
  it 's also in a state of more or less constant warfare . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2012/10/20121013164211672211.html ) is a long but well written article about eritrean refugees, 
  seriously , could you guys just read things instead of starting to cry immediately ? 
  `` they will be allowed to stay and vote '' , no , she did n't . 
  the link / u/demelit provided says the exact opposite :  it builds on the new legal basis introduced in the lisbon treaty for incentives and support to member states ' actions to promote the integration of ** legally residing ** third-country nationals , excluding harmonisation of legislation . 
  it 's not even regional elections . 
  it 's the lowest level you can think of , as i said . 
  edit : maybe it 's lost in translation , but local means town or city district , while a region is something like bavaria . 
  local elections does n't mean national level ... more like middle of bumfuck nowheres town mayor , just like citizens of other eu-countries are allowed to vote for , if they register, 
   facilitating for migrants to vote in local elections local . 
  stop fearmongering . 
  do you even understand what this text says ? 
  i mean , seriously , even the title says : * well integrated * migrants enrich the eu economically and culturally * well integrated *  there is broad agreement on the importance of interaction at work and in schools and on the positive contribution of migrants to the local culture . 
  both groups agree on the factors that make integration work : * speaking the language , getting a job and understanding the local culture * . 
  my point is that it would lead to enormous problems if you were to simply adopt the system in another country and forgetting about the political culture behind it . 
   you have n't experienced an actually bad system i live in germany , as i said , and there 's not a single element of direct democracy in this system , at least at federal level . 
  not a single one . 
  does n't make it a bad system though . 
  germany is ranked 5 on the inequality-adjusted hdi , switzerland 7 . 
  yet i believe if the germans would adopt the swiss system just like that it would lead to a lot of problems because you can adopt a system , but you ca n't transfer a political , debating , social structure . 
  this would need a looooot of time and a significant behavioural change in political debate . 
  i do n't say it 's a bad system , i never did ( despite it 's flaws , it 's terribly , terribly slow for example ) , but as i said , it 's heavily intertwined with swiss debating culture and how the different parts perceive each other . 
  i did n't say it 's bad . 
  i just said non-swiss usually have a pretty onesided view about it . 
   ok so why are you flying a german flag if your swiss ? 
  because i live in germany now . 
  and to the rest of your post , no , it seems you do n't get it . 
  this is not my personal opinion . 
  the swiss political system is based on consensus that entails , if possible , all members of society or a large chunk , not just a simple majority that dictates everything . 
  again , this is not my opinion , every swiss political scientist will tell you the same . 
  this was and is very beneficial to the social climate in switzerland . 
  that 's why i tell you you do n't understand it if you have n't lived there , because theory ( referendum , initiative etc ) is easy to understand , but to practice it ( consensus , debating , finding the middle ground , respecting minorities ) is another thing and most often overlooked . 
  actually , i do , downvoting is not a way of showing disagreement but people use it that way instead of discussing things . 
  it 's childish, 
  well i am swiss and let me tell you something , if you have n't lived in switzerland for a considerable amount of time * and * payed attention to politics then you do n't know anything substantial about it . 
  i do n't want to sound condescending , but reading about it only brings you so far because you have n't experienced the actual political culture , and that 's impossible if you ca n't speak german , french or to some extent italian . 
  because things like debating culture , social consensus etc play a heavy role .
