  greece sets its prices for ( over-the-counter ) medicaments , so why not make them cheaper that way ? 
  why not allow pharmacists to own more than one store ? 
  etc etc , those changes would n't put people at risk . 
  and did you even bother to read the article ? 
  i quote :  however , that does n't mean those reforms are the right thing for greece 's economy . 
  economists have looked for the economic benefits of imf-administered programs , and they have n't found many ; often , in fact , the opposite . 
  a paper published in 2003 ( pdf ) by robert barro of harvard university and jong-wha lee of korea university found `` greater imf loan participation has a direct negative effect on economic growth . '' the next year , research produced a similar result ( pdf ) . 
  `` what i find is , basically , that imf programs reduce growth rates , '' wrote axel dreher , an economist at germany 's university of heidelberg . 
  yale economics professor james raymond vreeland , summing up the research in 2007 ( pdf ) , wrote that `` the most recent studies , using the best available methods , find an historically negative effect . '', 
  i do n't have any problems with the other reforms , just with that one . 
  and even that could be circumvented by classifying `` semi-dangerous '' drugs like paracetamol as over-the-counter , but to be sold in a pharmacy . 
  people would buy e.g. 
  aspirin ( or ass , even cheaper as it 's a generic medicament ) as a pain reliever , which is less dangerous and more widely available then . 
  i was just asking because i only ever had swiss tilsiter until i moved to northern germany and bam , different taste . 
  haha . 
  quite a surprise . 
  did n't want to attack you in any way, 
   those loans came with strings attached . 
  and the troika continues to pull them . 
  in its current round of negotiations with greek policymakers , the troika is pushing them to ease restrictions on over-the-counter drugs , including letting them be sold in other kinds of stores , such as supermarkets . 
  if they do n't want to sell over-the-counter drugs in supermarkets , let them . 
  i think it 's reasonable to do so as some of them can be quite dangerous , despite being over-the-counter . 
  for example paracetamol which is one of the most common causes of poisoning worldwide . 
       did you know that tilsiter is just emmentaler made in sea climates ? 
  that 's a rather big difference . 
  what ? 
   using the re-imported recipe , tilsiter has been manufactured in switzerland since 1893 . 
  swiss tilsiter is mainly produced in 3 varieties . 
  a mild version ( green label ) is made from pasteurized milk , a more strongly flavoured one from fresh , unpasteurized milk ( red label ) , and the yellow-labeled `` rahm-tilsiter '' is produced from pasteurized milk with added cream i do n't think switzerland has sea climate . 
  it 's only different bacteria , molds and yeast ( according to the wikipedia article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tilsit_cheese ) ... 
  it 's so common in switzerland for most of my life i 've thought it 's a genuine swiss cheese ( like gruyere ), 
  the richest ~ 80 people of the world own more than the poorest 1/3 it 's a global problem , not one tied to the eu . 
   on a side note maybe that is the problem of all the marxist/socialist/communist revolutions ? 
  that at some point power has to be given to one group of people . 
  that there is always a vanguard of the revolution . 
  be it the communist party or the proles . 
  when any group has all the power it will abuse it . 
  pretty much * the * problem of leninism , which relies on the party to lead the revolution and the state . 
  that 's why you often hear the argument that this was not real communism , because it certainly was not what marx had in mind . 
  after all , communism should lead to the abandonment of the state after some time . 
  although marxist-socialism is authoritarian in nature , there 's no denying that . 
  on the other hand , council communism is antiauthoritarian in nature and decentralized as well . 
  basically there 's authoritarian socialism and antiauthoritarian socialism , you can put almost every variety of socialism in those two categories . 
  they may have other differences as well , sometimes even fundamental , but all in all they are either for a very strong state or against it . 
  bonus : [ interesting article about anarchosyndicalism during the spanish civil war in catalonia ] ( http://libcom.org/history/1936-1939-the-spanish-civil-war-and-revolution )  in 1937 the central government admitted that the war industry of catalonia produced ten times more than the rest of spanish industry put together and that this output could have been quadrupled if catalonia had the access to necessary means of purchasing raw materials . 
   within workplaces wages were equalised and conditions greatly improved . 
  take for example the tramways . 
  out of the 7,000 workers , 6,500 were members of the cnt . 
  street battles had brought all transport to a halt . 
  the transport syndicate appointed a commission of seven to occupy the administrative offices while others inspected the tracks and drew up a plan of repair work that needed to be done . 
  five days after the fighting stopped , 700 tramcars , instead of the usual 600 , all painted in the black and red colours of the cnt were operating on the streets of barcelona . 
   with the profit motive gone , safety became more important and the number of accidents was reduced . 
  fares were lowered and services improved . 
  in 1936 , 183,543,516 passengers were carried . 
  in 1937 this had gone up by 50 million . 
  the trams were running so efficiently that the workers were able to give money to other sections of urban transport . 
  also , free medical care was provided for the work force . 
  because they always stagnate at the `` dictatorship '' . 
  not even `` dictatorship of the proles '' , simply dictatorship . 
  to those people communism is just an excuse to build up a dictatorship . 
  true council communism could work , so could ( anarcho ) syndicalism . 
  socialism and planned economy are not synonyms, 
  in germany the so called `` final stroke debate '' ( schlussstrichdebatte ) turns up every now and then . 
  that depends though . 
  not just on economics , for example a plant near basel in switzerland had to be closed because it made the ground too unstable . 
   the only replacement for that with renewables would be solar thermal district heating . 
  geothermal heating ? 
   the gdp per capita ppp is obtained by dividing the country 's gross domestic product , adjusted by purchasing power parity , by the total population . 
  that 's not median though ? 
  i can only offer a german newspaper article , which is from 2006 but still up-to-date and quite interesting . 
  quintessence : wages ( at least those of normal employees ) stagnated - means less money because of inflation , those of managers skyrocketed . 
  [ terrible google translation ahoi ] ( http://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.zeit.de%2f2006%2f14%2fgerechter_lohn ), 
   `` through the growing low wages sector and increase in flimsy employment contracts we have created an unfair advantage compared to our partner countries . '', 
  not to mention growing social inequality . 
  but hey , who cares about that nowadays ? 
  certainly not the spd . 
  8 $ 50 minimum wage in 2018 ? 
  yeah . 
  smoke and mirrors . 
  are you aware of the fact that the biggest chunk of that ( marshall plan ) money went back to the us ? 
   i do n't know a single country where it is handled like this . 
  if the drugs are n't legal both the buyer and seller get punished for the deal . 
  a person possessing an amount of drugs equivalent to 10 days of personal consumption is treated as a user , not a dealer in portugal for example i guess it 's almost the same with weed in the netherlands , growing is illegal but using it not . 
  it 's not completely legalized ( though i 'm not sure about this ) . 
  i only know that they have a very liberal drug law in portugal which seems to work pretty well . 
  there was a protest some time ago . 
  [ india already did so ] ( http://www.dw.de/dolphins-gain-unprecedented-protection-in-india/a-16834519 ), 
  one very efficient person , if he keeps everything running just by himself, 
  they kinda do , in my city there are at least 16000 people working full time yet still need money from the government to make ends meet ... and for 4000 of them , it still is not enough to make a living . 
  do n't ask me how or why though . 
  i read it in the news , so take it with a grain of salt ( although i do n't have any reason to doubt these figures ), 
  from the perspective of a well-fed , well-clothed swiss politician , living a cosy , comfortable and safe life in one of the richest states in the world , maybe yes . 
  also , usually switzerland relies havily on decision-making by consensus and not dictatorship of the majority . 
  someone who is not an expert or swiss only sees referenda and initiatives , not the actual political discussion in parliament . 
  right now it seems there is a pretty deep `` r\u00f6schtigraben '' between the french and german part and i 'm pretty sure there will be a huge discussion about the vote ... 
  european or eu ? 
  here is a gallery on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/passports_of_the_european_economic_area#gallery_of_eea_passports, 
  honi soit qui mal y pense - ein schelm , wer b\u00f6ses dabei denkt edit : that tiny , tiny bundesadler on the german one ... 
  ah well , but are they worse than the csu ? 
  if you take into account that the csu ca n't just bluntly say everything they want to ( but still believe in ) , i do n't think there 's much difference between them .
