it 's true though , you do n't . 
  i say this having lived in france , the uk , canada , and the us ( and i 'm proficient in french ) . 
  a decent part of why -- although i enjoyed my stays in both the uk and france -- i much prefer north america . 
  that and less racism -- at least , * overt * racism . 
  although i 'm not black . 
  and i honestly think that anyone who has lived extensively on both sides of the atlantic w / a similar background as me ( upper-middle class , son of 2 immigrants ) would agree with me on that . 
  i 'm not treating `` you '' like anything , i 'm just expressing my thoughts on the matter . 
  do n't be so defensive . 
  or is there a law against that too ? 
  does n't mean it should be * illegal * . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  i do n't think either policy is very sane , how about that ? 
  also holocaust denial is n't denying world war 2 . 
  it 's stupid but not * that * stupid . 
  what does gitmo have to do w / thought police ? 
  the problem w / gitmo is that none of the prisoners have been able to get a trial and have been held indefinitely , not because they were arrested for thinking an event did n't happen . 
  arrest them . 
  france already has laws against holocaust denial , if they already have that form of thought police why is this getting an exemption ? 
  it 's literally advocating to break the law . 
  there are 1.6 billion muslims from senegal to sumatra . 
  do you really expect a single , unified answer ? 
  in france alone there are millions of muslims from many different backgrounds . 
  even in in many `` conservative '' muslim societies , e.g. 
  iran these sociopaths are considered extremist nutjob . 
  this is n't really about `` conservative vs. liberal '' , it 's about mental sickness and authoritarianism in the form of a culture aka saudi-funded wahhabism vs. normal society . 
  and this will continue as long as the west keeps buying saudi oil and validating their regime . 
   except that islam by definition does not view people as equal in regards to sex , gender , orientation , ethnicity or religion . 
  what ? 
  `` islam by definition '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  `` islam by defintion '' is an arabic word that means submission [ to the will of god ] . 
  what does that have to do with anything else you mentioned ? 
  regardless , islam varies tremendously from society to society and you ca n't generalize 1.6 billion people . 
  there is no `` one islam '' . 
  the muslim world spreads from senegal from sumatra . 
  no , its pedantic when it is n't really relevant to the situation and totally ignores the point of my post . 
  the europeanisation and genocide of native americans of north america is in no way comparable to the situation today and you know that very well . 
  my example was to demonstrate the constant immigration into the us and canada ( hence why i said north america ) and how nothing bad came of it despite constant xenophobic panics throughout history . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  it 's not a perfect example at all and is in no way analogous to this situation . 
  i 'm not sure how you could even draw that conclusion . 
  refugees are n't introducing new diseases or outnumbering the native population or engaging in genocidal wars to claim new land . 
  shame on you for making this comparison . 
   islam originated thousands of kilometers away from it yet now controls all of it 's politics and has all but blown away the original persian culture this statement is just so horribly incorrect i do n't know where to begin . 
  do you know anything about iranian culture and the history of iranian culture ? 
  to say that islam has `` blown away the ` original ' persian culture '' is so incredibly asinine its ridiculous . 
  islam today would not * be * what it is today if not for persian culture . 
  this is like iranian history 101, 
  since when is azerbaijan aeuropean ? 
  most of azerbaijan is in iran and iran has more azeris than the republic of azerbaijan, 
  iranian culture is the perfect counter argument to this nonsense . 
  lol invasion after invasion yet iranian culture remains distinct and unique in the world . 
  if your culture is strong it will persist . 
  when has this actually happened anywhere ? 
  it did n't happen in north america . 
  in iran , a nation with almost 1000000 refugees , it hasnt happened . 
  hell , iran has had more invasions than any european country and yet still maintained its distinctive iranian culture that dominated west and south asia for 600 + years ( on mobile , look up `` persianate society '' for more info ) . 
  if you participate in english culture in any way , christianity has a big role in your life . 
  just because you yourself are not a practioner does n't mean it does n't affect you . 
  do n't be dense . 
  like i said in another comment :  that does n't make the culture any less christian . 
  it 's not just about being active practitioners . 
  you ca n't erase 2000 + years of history just because people are more secular now . 
  i would n't say iranian culture is n't heavily based on the practices/customs of zoroastrianism because there are very few modern-day zoroastrians in iran . 
  but if you 're english , then you are part of a christianity-based culture . 
  christianity is an absolutely integral part of the history of england . 
  huh ? 
  that 's great , but my assumption was based on the fact that we 're in r/europe . 
  i 'm well aware there are muslims in europe , and even some muslim nations , but that does n't make my assumption a bad one . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  that does n't make the culture any less christian . 
  it 's not just about being active practitioners . 
  you ca n't erase 2000 + years of history just because people are more secular now . 
  i would n't say iranian culture is n't heavily based on the practices/customs of zoroastrianism because there are very few modern-day zoroastrians in iran . 
   i was simply mocking your silly argument . 
  eastern armenia has been a part of the russian sphere of influence since the treaty of turkmenchay of 1828 when it became a part of the russian empire . 
  it was then a part of the soviet union . 
      in comparison , greece only gained independence from the ottoman turkish ( islamic ) empire in 1829 . 
  by your logic , greece is culturally turkic and islamic . 
  ( and so are the balkans of course ! ), 
  that is n't my logic at all and it baffles me how you even came to this conclusion . 
  1 ) i know very well how armenia came to be part of the russian empire . 
  you are literally proving my point correctly . 
  armenia , for thousands of years before , was within the iranian cultural sphere of influence . 
  that 's why armenians are so common in urban iran even today . 
  a comparatively short period under the rule of the russian empire does n't change thousands of years of history . 
  which is * exactly * why your dumb `` counter-argument '' about greece being under ottoman rule does n't make any sense either ; greece already had a distinct cultural identity and merely switching rulers from byzantines to ottomans does n't get rid of that cultural identity . 
  just like armenia going under russian dominion does n't mean it 's no longer under the iranian cultural sphere . 
  armenians were the first of the indo-iranian peoples to convert to christianity and stay christian . 
  that 's why they are so distinct in iranian culture . 
  2 ) since you evidently did n't read this at all the first time , let me link it to you again : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_iran  on what basis ? 
  your imagination ? 
  no , based on living in iran and europe . 
  it 's incredibly easy to just hop on a bus to yerevan . 
  there are old armenian neighborhoods throughout tehran and many other urban centers in iran . 
  iranians are very familiar with armenian custom because there is such a long history between the two nations and peoples . 
  please , stop being ridiculous . 
  armenians have been an integral part of iranian cultural for millennia . 
  they provide iranians even today with pork and wine . 
  the persian word for `` christian '' is hardly used because literally all the christians in iran are armenian so we just say ... * armeni * or * armenian * plural .
