  it still values free market capitalism , but it 's quick to deride anyone who suggests globalisation does n't benefit everyone , people who may be more socially conservative , people who stand for less government or people who hold libertarian values ( outside of market liberalism ) . 
  it used to be one of the strongest publications out there in terms of writing quality , but it 's gone downhill a bit as of late and i feel like they try too hard to push a narrow agenda , without ever really properly writing about/considering the alternatives to their viewpoints . 
   think there is a bit of an inferiority complex from europeans because america values the uk more could n't have put it better myself, 
   so the growth is essentially 99 % immaterial . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in terms of politics brexit very much dominate the uk political agenda ( as i 'm sure you 're aware ) . 
  i posted this as i knew it would gain traction . 
  just about any post on the uk gets large amounts of comments and upvotes/downvotes ( mostly downvotes on this sub ) . 
  if posts about britain were ignored no one would post them , do n't blame me for playing to the audience , 
  yes and it 's about my country, 
   judging by your post history , you seem pretty clingy to brexit as well ... not really as i 'm talking about my own country . 
  if my post history was nearly entirely talking about , say france , then i would be very clingly ( like this sub with the uk ) . 
  but it 's not as i do n't really care that much about countries outside of my own . 
   the front page has been swamped with brexit this and brexit that yeah , this sub is obsessed with the uk and brexit . 
  kind of like a clingly girlfriend ( eu ) still madly in love with their partner ( uk ) after they 've been dumped xd, 
   but i 'd hold my breath til gdp per capita growth is released . 
  when is it ? 
  he 's a man who 's spent his entire career working in business and/or policy . 
  one of the most respected in his field . 
  exactly man , this sub is full of bitter europhiles who are angry their countries just are n't as good as the uk . 
  they all speak english , use english invented computers , on the english invented world wide web , many of them would bite your hand off for the chance to live and work in a city like lonon . 
  they 're just incredibly angry they ca n't use british power and succes to establish the eu as a future superpower . 
  now the great british public voted brexit they all know the eu has absolutely 0 % chance of acheiving superpower status . 
  it 's pretty sad to see . 
   there are spying like nobody ever before on their own citizens most people are fine with this considering it helps stop mass terrorist attacks ( like the ones seen in your country ), 
  something akin to the 1960s/70s . 
  the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world ( top 0.5 % ) , one of the world 's only two alpha + + cities , leading the world in a number of different areas etc. 
  not bad for a modestly sized country of 63 million . 
  * why is this getting downvoted ? 
  i 'm just stating facts *, 
   britain was soooo successful in the 1960s and 1970s yeah country was doing pretty badly in those post war year , then luckily thatcher came along and made us a world power again :p, 
  lol , you are absolutely right but of course you get downvoted to oblivion . 
  this sub is so petty and jealous of britain 's success . 
  but , personal opinion , given the opportunity , if that means it 'll be good for france , he 'd give the uk a bad deal . 
  giving the uk a bad deal would not be good for france given the amount of trade between the two countries . 
   the scottish see the uk as union between member nations . 
  i would say the majority of scots see the uk as a single entity . 
  it 's only really the die-hard scottish nationalists who see it the way you describe . 
  why is the spanish government so against giving the region a referendum on this issue ? 
  they should give one referendum , and respect the result whatever way it goes . 
  refusing to give them a vote is anti-democratic . 
  is n't he the anglophile with the britih wife ? 
  very interesting if he gets elected , he would undoubtly fight to give the uk a good brexit deal, 
   brexit is probably just going to make the break up of the uk more likely . 
  it 's a possibility , but no where near as likely as people on reddit would have you believe . 
  most people who argue it is likely/imminent are eu federalists frothing at the mouth for revenge on the uk for voting leave, 
   personally i am hoping for an independent scotland in the eu and unified ireland . 
  i 'm personally hoping for a collapsed eu and a german economic system in ruins , 
   the indyref was very close not really, 
   the devolved parliaments having zero input but politicians from those areas do . 
  and they are free to vote how they want in parliament . 
   there really was no debate about how brexit would look like the debate around that has dominated the political agenda for half a year . 
   they barely voted remain 10 % margin . 
  quite a decisive victory for the pro-uk campaign . 
  and that was when the entire country beleived the starry-eyed oil forecasts . 
   `` i could maybe understand others parts of the country , where [ ... ] white english are the majority '' you 've fundamentally misunderstood the comment . 
  my point was an area that has both higher poverty levels and more white english people it is statistically more likely white english people will commit crime , because they are both poorer and there 's more of them . 
  i 'm not saying white english people are more racist . 
  i 'm saying if there 's an area where they make up 98 % of the population it 's more likely a white english person will commit a crime than an area where they make up 45 % , by virtue of the fact there is more of them knocking about . 
  i do find it incredibly odd as i 've lived in the city for more than a quarter of a century and have genuinly never witnessed white english londoners racially abusing anyone . 
  white english represent a tiny minority of the city now , pretty much the only ones that still live here are upper middle class and i do n't imagine them starting fights over race let alone working as staff/security in public places lol . 
  those jobs are entirely taken by immigrants . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  poverty is higher in other parts of the country and i never stated they 're racist because they 're white . 
   anything from fights to staff in places being cunts . 
  so you think this was racist abuse because he was n't white british ? 
   london mostly i 'm sorry but what happened in london ? 
  the only white english people in london are middle/upper middle class and tourists . 
  i 've lived in london my entire life and have never seen a white english person racially abusing someone . 
  i could maybe understand others parts of the country , where poverty is high and white english are the majority , but i find your story very suspect . 
  it probably depend entirely where you are in the uk . 
  i 'm in london and the only time i 've ever seen racial abuse in this city is when it 's minority on minority . 
   / r/europe is just salty as fuck sometimes . 
  / r/europe is just salty as fuck always . 
  the collapse of the eu continues, 
  it 's probably higher than that . 
  these polls have a habit of missing older , more right wing voters who are more likely to prefer the uk than the eu . 
   he eu is the biggest trade partner of the uk right now . 
  you want to cut all ties and orient yourself towards the us , no , again i do n't know why pro-eu people seem to assume orientating yourself away from a certain areas means cutting all ties . 
  we want to continue being friendly with europe , trading with europe etc. 
  we just also want the ability to forge relationships and sign trade deals with who we want in the world . 
   while the eu can actually negotiate them the eu takes upwards of 10 years to negotiate simple trade deals , there are too many different opinions and the block does n't have the political will . 
  the uk will be negotiating them over the next couple of years , ready to sign as soon as we officially leave the block . 
   i 'm old enough to remember japanese goods were deemed inferior yeah , and japan was also once touted as a future superpower . 
  then they hit economic problems . 
  i predict much the same for china, 
   if the uk is completely dependent on the us why would signing a trade deal with the us suddenly mean complete dependency ? 
   the uk surely is n't shifting more towards the rest of the world than the eu . 
  care to explain ? 
  we 've just left the eu and are looking to aggresivly pursue trade deals with countries all over the world, 
   also you are the ones shifting away from asia . 
  the only one who is even slightly shifting away from asia is the us , the rest including the uk is shifting towards the entire world !, 
  ( and away from the eu ), 
   from the eu directly into a complete dependency with the us , so much for `` restoring independence '' . 
  it has nothing to do with depending entirely on other countries . 
  this idea that increasingly close relations = dependency is only really present in europe as multiple countries gain admission into the superstate . 
  yeah , i never said have no trade deals with anyone else lol . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen anyone ever claim that . 
  from the eyes of the uk the more trade deals the better !, 
  but that does n't change the global shift away from the eu and towards the anglosphere and asia .
