  really lol ? 
  once survey from 2001 ? 
  jesus , it peaked very high under labour in 03/04, 
   homelessness was falling significantly in the uk as well - until the tories came to power source ? 
   approximately 25 % of the uk population have irish ancestry ( or claim to ) source ? 
  if a language needs concerted government effort to keep it alive , it 's not important . 
  lol yeah , this sub is so partisan against the uk they will celebrate the death of a terrorist mass murderer . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  yeah i like the logic . 
  the american government ws behind death . 
  let 's use that to excuse 9/11 / s, 
   the original sin lies with the british state . 
  that makes no difference . 
  the eu has inflicted misery on southern europe . 
  does that give them the right to go around murdering innocent people ? 
  of course it does n't . 
  you need to take a long hard look at yourself in the mirror for excusing this behaviour due to what you deem as political mismanagement . 
  disgraceful . 
  very misguided man early in life . 
  i 'm glad as he matured he began to see the benefit in peace and the union . 
  it 's all those muslims surely ? 
  he was also behind the murder of innocent people . 
  he turned a new page later in life , but we should never forget the horror he inflicted on innocent people . 
  in order words , britain out-competed the rest, 
   the parts that they conquered were quite easy tho no they were n't . 
  they were still in direct competition with all the other europeans powers . 
   the blatant classism that comes out of comments like this makes me sympathetic to the far left sometimes , i swear . 
  why the hard left !? 
  maybe it 's different in iceland . 
  but in the uk it 's the left that openly derides the working class nationalist voters . 
  denmark to join the uk!&lt;@?44!?? 
   germany on the other hand has a lot of common ground with japan when it comes to economic problems and enviromental concerns . 
  get over it man . 
  this is n't ww2 lol . 
  germany is not that important to japan . 
  they do n't have some weird special relationship lol !, 
  yeah it is . 
  but why does this chart show france with a higher rate of population growth . 
   britain has always been excellent at historical marketing . 
  that 's because history is written by the winners chuck, 
  yeah , but the title here says population growth . 
  not fertility . 
  exactly what i said, 
  she really has no resolve whatsoever , everything she says just changes constantly . 
  yes , scotland will keep the pound , that 's because they aint leaving the uk sturgeon !, 
  no matter how bad you want them to . 
  looking forward to the increased majority for the union in indy ref 2 . 
  scotland has had enough of that gremlin sturgeon . 
   the british state . 
  you 're talking nonsense, 
  i saw some of this from the house of commons . 
  at first i thought it was a rabble of orcs . 
  for the banter ? 
  britain needs more imo . 
  that 's why i support hs2 and hs3 . 
  she gives up very quickly, 
  the shard !, 
   oh , great , another extra deal for britain . 
  tbh , if britain were ever to rejoin the eu , this is how the movement would start . 
   yes i 'm sure the natives were just begging for the british empire to start a tug-of-war with the spanish . 
  to be fair the south america would probably have turned out mcuh better if founded by the brits , witch a greater focus on enterprise and private property rights . 
   no country shows how to both rise and fall quite like it !, 
  5th largest economy in the world still , high living standards , arguably the greatest city in the world , one of the strongest militaries , arguably the best diplomatic service , huge cultural influence . 
  many empires have collapsed and fallen to much lower extents . 
  britain is still doing pretty damn good . 
   huh , i never knew the british empire controlled oregon at one point . 
  til oregon was the jewel in the crown of the empire, 
  was this before or after britain smashed napolean to timbuktu ? 
  is this accurate ? 
  every other source i read states the uk is growing faster than france, 
  england will sooner vote for independence than wales, 
  eu making friends all over the world xd, 
  what is this article talking about ? 
   perhaps it is just sad sad ? 
  why sad ? 
   china and russia . 
  china and russia have no soft power and very little diplomatic power . 
  china can only really exert its hard strength in its immediate area and russia 's economy is smaller than australia . 
  yeah , no doubt if it was germany or france it would shoot to the front page . 
  yet this article is being downvoted to oblivion with many people questioning the company/research . 
  another guy commented saying he 's reported the article . 
  very sad to see how petty and jealous this sub is . 
   a rule of thumb is that you ignore any company also a rule of thumb . 
  if research by a company shatters your fragile world view , discredit the company and/or the research !, 
  good thinking alasdairgray, 
  yeh !, 
  eu most stronk fing on de planet !, 
  it 's from a company called european geostrategy . 
  they 're based in brussels . 
  lol , i love the graphics the economist do . 
  always top notch . 
  but it 's still not proportional . 
  the uk has a muslim population of 5 % and has n't had a major terrorist attack in over 10 years . 
  france has one of 10 % and seemingly has one every few weeks . 
  uk should up defence spending to 3 %, 
   oh look its a brit with delusions of grandeur . 
  please elaborate ? 
   hard data use google chuck very easy to do, 
  all my opinions are based on hard data, 
  more attacks on france !?
