  is there a source for that ? 
  til hollywood is a city, 
  lol , all the eu federalists have gone rather quiet as of late , nothing shuts people up more than success . 
  wait , the uk is the sinking ship ? 
  and you want to re-enter the eu ? 
  is this opposite day ? 
  is he not in the running to be your next president ? 
  michael howard says this so the country has to leave ? 
  israel is a fantastic country . 
  when reading that i 'm glad i live in cool , rainy england, 
  is it more prominent amongst the elderly or young ? 
  they do n't even have a proper army , they have little cultural influence , i do n't really think they have a huge amount of dipolomatic influence . 
  they mostly just have economic influence on continental europe . 
  are they even a nuclear power ? 
  i think most people would consider the uk and france ahead of them . 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  i was talking on a european level , this being / europe and all, 
  how is it being full of myself ? 
  it 's just stating facts . 
  damn , that is shocking , did n't realise how much london dominated the european scene . 
  it 's because everyone wants to knock the top dog off its perch . 
   probably top5 if london drops , it will drop to 2 below new york . 
  there is no way it would drop lower than that , no other city even comes close . 
  should a governments attention not already be on its citizens ? 
  which you always can , there are always multiple parties running for power . 
  huh ? 
  nobody is blocking the eu army mate, 
  there is no desire to sabotage eu co-operation in anyway provided it does n't effect us . 
  people here do n't dislike the eu in that way , we just do n't want to be part of it . 
  i do n't think you can drink much at all when you 're operating at the top level of politics like boris is at the moment . 
  cameron 's probably tucking into a sangria on a beach in spain . 
  the guardian is n't reliable as it 's absurdly partisan . 
  i can see us becoming the pantomime villain in this sub . 
  much like russia . 
  butthurt, 
  clearly not if you vote for them, 
   if you align with left of centre politics voting for right of centre is hurtful why ? 
  why is supporting a centre-right part akin to drinking poison ? 
   a halfway competent labour leader would have been surging in the polls that 's a pretty big claim to make with absolutely no evidence, 
  blair 's labour was centralist , the conservatives are centre right . 
  becuase the british public have n't elected a left wing leader since the 1970s and all evidence suggests they have no intention of doing so now . 
  in fact , ed milliband was decisively rejected at the last general election as he was deemed too left wing , under corbyn labour have now moved out into the left wilderness . 
  they 're all white countries, 
   greece , spain or italy where the youth unemployment is sky high . 
  yeah , but people from the uk expect our country to be doing much better than those ones, 
   hydrogen is very inefficient to produce . 
  its very difficult to handle . 
  its not easy to store . 
  and its dangerous in case of accidents . 
  you 're just parroting exactly what elon musk said on the matter , which is n't advisable as his company have heavily invested in electric vehicles over hydrogen vehicles , so he is going to be bias . 
  there is problems with hydrogen vehicles for sure , but they 've got decent long term potential . 
   what 's the idea of this ? 
  the idea is hydrogen powered vehicles generate energy on board in a fuel cell , rather than having to charge an electric battery, 
  at times it seems that way lol, 
  yep , with britain on its way out the smaller countries are going to suffer even more now, 
  is she unaware the scottish people just rejected independence ? 
  a non-independant country that is also a region of another country . 
  yeah , the study acknowledges it, 
  was this not the case before ? 
  germany is right next to them and a much larger country , surely there was already more poles going there ? 
  i think op made the map based on independant countries , rather than regions of countries . 
  therefore scotland is counted as part of the uk . 
  u2 is way more successful than those two, 
  frauke petry is a babe , i 'd vote for her, 
  that 's a great pic, 
  i do n't know , they still have the potential to sweep up votes from the socially conservative working class . 
  huh ? 
  what since when ? 
   the royal commonwealth society who else is going to bother doing a poll like this ? 
  i like this idea, 
  inheritance tax below 5 million should be abolished, 
  huh ? 
  knowing sweden , this will almost certainly become a reality . 
  why would this make a british person cry ? 
  that 's the guardian for you, 
  the uk has n't fallen to an outside power in nearly 1000 years . 
  hitler failed , napolean failed . 
  you really think the eu in its current state can buck that trend ? 
   we are in dire need of a unified eu army really ? 
  why on earth do you think that ? 
   it should n't have joined in the first place are you suggesting that agreement was in place when the uk first joined ? 
  mainly becuase the eu refused to give the uk control of its borders . 
  when i search why are the british i get ; 1 ) called poms 2 ) so good at music 3 ) leaving the eu 4 ) so good at cycling, 
  great country , great history, 
  why did you not include the uk out of interest ? 
  that 's what they said as soon as the result was announced . 
  now the anti-uk crowd has pushed it back to when article 50 is invoked . 
  then it will be when article 50 is finished . 
  then it will be 10 years down the line . 
  then 20 . 
  then so on . 
  it 's all a load of nonsense . 
  being in the eu does not make or break a country . 
  i am quite confident the moment has past . 
  the momentum the scottish independence movement had before the first referendum was astounding . 
  it was also at a time when the country beleived the extremly positive long-term economic/oil forecasts . 
  they still did n't manage to persuade 55 % of the country . 
  right , can you actually pinpoint where it is said please . 
  i 'm obviously not going to read all of that . 
  you got a more reliable source than the first one ?
