  yes , hence why i said the internet as we know it . 
  well then sort your own internet out . 
  the uk is easily one of the most internet friendly . 
  we invented the internet as we know it . 
  i am talking more generally . 
  the uk is a much more global country than any other european country . 
  our cultural impact dwarfs all other european countries put together . 
  the world speaks our language , plays our sports , listens to our music , watches our tv etc. 
  this all attracts migrants . 
  not to mention the career opportunities in the uk , and more specifically london , are much better than any other part of europe . 
  living in a country with high taxes and a great welfare system is not what pulls economic migrants . 
  migrants do n't care if an ambulance may arrive 2 minutes sooner in sweden than it does in the uk , what they care about is career opportuny and culture . 
  i 'm sure i will be downvoted to oblivion for this comment . 
  but deep down we all know this is true . 
  the uk is a country for ambitious dreamers , it has been since the 17th century . 
  damn , not far off london prices, 
  how much would the houses cost in the well off area ? 
  come on now , we all know it 's * much * better to live in an english speaking country . 
  how much do the houses cost in the richer part ? 
  i 'm from the uk and i have never really seen an area that looks like the first link . 
  the area you live in looks pretty decent though . 
  on the whole british architecture is pretty nice, 
   to summarise , three main veins   uk big , strong  eu bad  snp bad , scotland economy poor you said it chuck not me xd, 
  incensed me more, 
  there is and i shall, 
  yes , the glorious continent of europe . 
  nothing to do with the eu !, 
  you can see most of northern ireland and some of northern england . 
  no i said ** london ** will continue to dominate , in reference to the number of different industries london dominates in which makes it one of only aplha plus plus cities . 
   where am i wrong ? 
  you 're wrong in thinking it plausibly makes the french economy larger, 
   about the uk 's obsession over it but you 're the only one talking about it here ? 
  why have you brought the uk 's greatness up ? 
  this is northern uk , not just scotland . 
  wow , i 'm amazed how the uk seems to be thriving even more as we move out of the eu . 
   note here that the uk is likely overvalued due to them not having the euro . 
  plausibly the french economy is larger . 
  i do n't think you quite understand how economics/finance/currencies work . 
  something eerily beautiful about rural britain . 
   and early rennaissance german - so `` the architecture '' that you lot so loosely use is actually some european fusion food , yas . 
  english is a fusion of multiple languages , including french . 
  that does n't mean it 's not a british language . 
  your logic makes no sense . 
  no i am talking about london 's economic dominance of a number of different industries , making it one of only two aloha + + cities in the world . 
  not sure why you 're bringing up the uk and its greatness . 
  that seems to be what you 're secretly thinking about when no one else has mentioned it . 
  you finnish really need to end your obsession with the british empire , it 's getting worrying . 
  we will see , nyc has seemingly been on a slight downward trend since the turn of the century . 
   is london average sized ? 
  yeah it 's pretty average, 
  if anything that would disadvantage london . 
  london has somehow managed to grow in stature after the collapse of the british empire . 
  really amazing an average sized city in an averaged sized country can dominate the world in this way . 
  nothing nationalist about what i said . 
  i was simply appreciating the quintessentially british architecture , for which we are world famous . 
  oh god , i just realised you 're the same guy who was desperately defending the snp 's economic record whilst scotland teeters on the brink of recession xd there 's only one nationalist here buddy , and it 's you . 
  yeah , other cities tend to copy a lot of what london does . 
  we should n't really be suprised paris just wants to imitate london . 
  really ? 
  looks pretty regular, 
   we have more of in ireland we have more migrants by far, 
  bait for what ? 
  obsessed with ? 
  london will continue to dominate europe and the world, 
  fantastic piece of british architecture, 
  there was 15 of them and only 2 were sherpas, 
   so mountaineering is not your forte a british expedition summited everest first . 
  it 's basically reporting on the atrocious economic data coming out of scotland, 
  then how do you explain [ this ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/dc4e8cfa-19e6-11e7-bcac-6d03d067f81f ) ? 
  why would we have a pan-european holiday ? 
  europe is full of many different individual countries . 
  one of the cool things about living in london . 
  there 's always a shit ton of cool stuff going on . 
  and what 's your excuse for the scottish economy teetering on the brink of recession while the rest of the uk grows strongly ? 
  let me guess , you 're gon na blame it on anything and everything except the snp ? 
  jesus , scotland needs help . 
  the snp are running it into the ground . 
   well , the eu is or never was simply a free trade area i mean , it was founded as an economic community . 
  * written in english *, 
   sinking turdfest that is left in the wake of brexit . 
  the `` sinking turdfest '' that continues to defy all the * expert * predictions and significantly outgrow the other major european economies ? 
  i 'm a conservative globalist, 
   we speak irish here . 
  keep telling yourself that chuck, 
  is merkel not gay ? 
   keep your selfdestructiveness on your side of the channel . 
  * hurr durr opinions i do n't agree wiv r destruktiv hurr durr left wing opinions iz da best hurr durr *, 
  i 'm still rooting for you, 
  eu swift means 10-15 years, 
  no one gives a damn about this . 
  if this happens the vast amount of money available from british flyers will just go to their competitors . 
  should have made it in english !, 
  yeah , i remember their ceo being very vocal in the build up to the vote about leaving the uk if brexit was to happen . 
  he always seemed to be full of glee when he was saying this , he 's clearly an anti-uk irish nationalist . 
  i for one am glad to see them go . 
  this has been posted multiple times on this sub . 
  funny all the news about inward investment in the uk just gets downvoted to oblivion but this seemingly gets upvoted over and over again . 
  i hope the eu realises the uk is willing to go to war over gibraltar . 
   it 's just one canadian author taking the piss . 
  i doubt he 's taking the piss .
