  it was one of the key factors along with british led allied military attacks . 
  really confused why you have taken such issue with me stating historical fact ? 
   the armenian genocide was not an `` arab revolt '' . 
  no one said it was . 
  but it did happen during the arab revolt . 
  yeah , i 'm a bit confused as to why why this sub downvotes historical facts lol . 
  but you just claimed the entire revolt is a myth ? 
  having a misleading name ( as some argue it does , others argue it does n't ) does n't mean it never happened . 
  you say the majority stayed loyal , but that indicates a huge % fought back against the ottomans under british leadership . 
  if 40 % of americans ( under foreign leadership ) stormed washington , burnt down the white house , killed trump and put their own government in place , would you describe that as a revolt ? 
  * edit * revolt : definition : take violent action against an established government or ruler ; rebel . 
  at no point in the definition does it state it needs to be the majority of citizen to classify as a revolt . 
  so i 'm unsure why you think the name is a misnomer ? 
   the arab revolt is a myth though [ really ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_revolt ) it 's been studied extensively by historians . 
  yeah , as a result of the arab revolt , which the brits aggresively supported !, 
  very interesting stuff . 
  no , the brits wrecked them by coming up from the south , taking out large portions of their army and dismantling the ottoman empire by aggresively supporting the arab revolt . 
  it was all lead by [ lawrence of arabia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t._e._lawrence ) . 
  i suggest you read about it , fascinating ww1 front !, 
  damn , did n't realise how badly us brits wrecked turkey, 
   inflexibility and stonewalling we 've had from the eu has really made me less emotionally attached to the eu same here . 
  i voted remain and since the referendum i 've become convinced our future never belonged in the eu . 
  they do n't care about our country in the slightest and many of them are now willing us to fail . 
   the only winning move is not to play . 
  how did that work out for remain and clinton ? 
  fantastic news, 
  the political left are losing arguments and elections on an unprecedented scale across the developed world and the mep holding the sign is symptomatic of the reason why . 
  rather than debating people and tackling opposing points of view on an issue by issue basis , they call people names , slander their opponent and try to silence them in any way possible . 
  it 's sad to see , i really hope the political left sorts itself out and becomes a competitive force once again . 
  if it does n't i 'm afraid society will lurch further and further to the right . 
   she will probably want to go for the open border but the daily mail crowd wo n't be happy . 
  i do n't think they care too much whether the border is between n.ireland / ireland or n.ireland / gb . 
   she will probably want to go for the open border but the daily mail crowd wo n't be happy . 
  i do n't think they care too much whether the border is between n.ireland / ireland or n.ireland / gb . 
   that is what this sub does . 
  no , this sub does not exist to push forward federalism . 
  thank god there is an actual sub for federalism . 
  hopefully people will begin to realise / r/europe is a european sub , * not * an eu one . 
   i never paid anything . 
  have you not heard of taxes ? 
   `` when mexico sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing drugs . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . '', 
  he was talking about illegal migrants . 
  really hope fillon wins !, 
  cmon !, 
   australia is actually really easy to immigrate to for skilled labor . 
  no it 's not, 
  free movement with all of french speaking africa ? 
  really ? 
   australia is known to be one of the toughest countries on earth in the way they enforce their immigration laws . 
  yeah , it 's imposible to get into the country unless you 're british . 
   a world gouverment really ? 
  he should have a conversation with alex jones xd, 
  lmao australia would never in a million years join the eu . 
  even if it was located in europe it would n't join the eu . 
  without the uk in the fray , the last thing europe needs is a stronger germany . 
  yeah , i found it very odd you lumped brexit in there . 
   bissonette , dylan roof , that psycho from sweden but they all seem to kill for different things . 
  bissonette hated muslims , roof hated blacks , and that swedish guy was a nut job . 
  they 're not all killing in the name of the same holy text they read on 4chan . 
  why on earth is that about ` european unity ' ? 
  * and gain back the supremacy we once held . 
  * god , you federalists are so sad . 
  still clinging onto the days when you had an empire ... 
   as of now , before negotiations have even begun , britain has abandoned seeking single market status , regulatory oversight , ecj primacy and even euratom membership . 
  on top of it , it has threatened to start a tax war . 
    the uk is clearly not open for business . 
  or at least , not with the eu . 
  we 've left all of those because we 've left the eu . 
  the uk stated it would consider lowering taxes to remain competitive ( to something more akin go ireland 's coporation tax rate ) if the eu choose to lock the uk out of trade . 
  not threatening at all , the uk is open for business . 
  british politicians including the prime minister have made it very clear they want to pursue as open and free trade agreement as possible whilst retaining complete control of the country . 
  we are open for business !!, 
  is this england ? 
   people who fire first shot would prefer if no-one shot back . 
  sorry you interpret it that way . 
  it was just the british deciding they do n't want to be part of the eu 's political structure . 
  it was not a declaration of economic war !, 
  britain is open for business !, 
  really hope the eu does n't pursue this route , britain is open for business !, 
  it does n't matter what polling says about a democratically elected foriegn politician . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  i support the right for them to have a petition . 
  i just find it a bit pathetic as everytime trump does something people on the left do n't agree with they try and sign something to stop him when we all know it 's not going to change a single thing . 
   or just stop hate speech towars spain hate speech for thinking a region should be given a democratic vote xd, 
  only when it represent the majority of the voting electorate :p, 
   she has all of the evil but none of the backbone . 
  too early to tell, 
  really hope fillon can get to the final 2 and topple le pen !, 
  this picture and trainspotting 2 makes me want to visit edinburgh, 
   best city in the uk by far come off it , london blows it out of the water, 
  well it does n't matter what you 'd vote for as you 're not british , and you do n't vote to offer a referendum unless you yourself are a politician , which you 're not . 
  also , i 'm a londoner and the london independence movement was a joke , there 's simply not enough demand to even warrant discussing a referendum on the issue .
