  his list of published work includes 50 canadians who changed the world , how the scots invented canada and celtic lightning : how the scots and the irish created a canadian nation . 
  he 's clearly a canadian nationalist with links to the celtic parts of the british isles who would love nothing more than the dissolution of the uk and the strengthening of canada . 
  sad to see !, 
  yes , i simply wo n't stand by and allow rampant anti-british xenophobia to persist on this sub . 
  the historical arc of this sub will bend towards justice , and i intend to bend it . 
   the terrorist was not an immigrant he was still from an immigrant community . 
   yes , we must be firmly united against islam , against immigrants who are not vetted , against muslim communities not wanting to integrate , and against religion in general . 
  ca n't believe this has been downvoted so much . 
  you 're absolutely spot on . 
  islam has fundamental problems and we need to openly acknowledge and talk about it . 
  otherwise this problem will just get worse and worse . 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game, 
  shit happens in the past , we move on . 
  it 's completely off topic and just highlights a rather large chip on your shoulder . 
   because millennials are n't in power yet yeah , but the baby boomers in power have showed an astonishing lack of action on the issue . 
  just because our generation do not yet dominate major positions of power does n't mean our issues should be ignored . 
  millennial poverty is a serious issue across the developed world and no one seems to want to tackle it . 
   i mean ... you used to have an empire . . 
  there it is folks . 
  the daily mention of the british empire by non-british europeans . 
  good !, 
  we must let our allies know we support the cause, 
  wow , what a bombshell, 
   meanwhile the uk is like ` we support u hun xx ' . 
  good !, 
  most people here do . 
  i have a strong suspicion france 's warning will be ignored, 
   due to the obvious fact it has n't ... could you please stop posting these `` will be downvoted into oblivion '' nonsense ? 
  ha no !, 
  this is the first time i have been incorrect . 
  i see this as the sub making progress as a direct result of my regular commenting and i shall keep up the good fight, 
  lol !, 
  not only , but it is a large part . 
  oh god , the fear mongering around france 's growing euroskepticism is in full force . 
  lmao no doubt this will get downvoted to oblivion here, 
  it 's good to see religon decreasing in ireland , maybe this will help all get along rather than dividing down catholic/protestant lines . 
   even though the scottish government has wide-sweeping powers over the economy   not really , no . 
  hurr durr none of it snp fault hurr durr westminster evil hurr durr freedoooom, 
  speak for your own part of the uk . 
  there 's cities all over southern uk flourishing ( london , oxford , cambridge , bristol , bath , birmingham ) . 
  * finance minister derek mackay blamed the contraction on the uk-wide vote to leave the european union in june last year * how on earth can he blame it on brexit when the rest of the uk is continuing to perform well ? 
  it 's a direct result of the constitutional uncertainty generated by him and his party, 
  i feel bad for everyday working scots who are n't obsessed with independence and just want to live their lives like normal . 
  all the uncertainty around indy ref 2 will continue to damage the economy , and indy ref 2 is literally the only thing the scottish government is focusing on . 
  * made ridiculously simple , still not simple *, 
  yeah here they 're required to have degrees . 
  my point is the position does n't * actually * require you to have a degree , in the way robotic engineering requires you to have a degree . 
  a degree to teach young kids is a government assigned prerequisite to make sure they do n't get wierdos walking off the streets and applying to teaching positions . 
  it 's not actually needed . 
  men earn more on average because they work more hours and go into more financially rewarding industries on average, 
   that map is based on the uk 's membership of the un security council no , the map is based on world powers * with * un p5 membership and recognized nuclear weapons status . 
  it also highlights great powers without a security council veto ( germany and japan ) . 
  did you even bother to read it properly ? 
  it 's not me quoting countries as world powers and leaving out india , pakistan etc. 
  it is academia that has decided this , i 'm just linking you through to the compiled list . 
  also , i think you 're confused with your terminology . 
  world/great power is not the same as superpower . 
  i agree the uk is not the power it was in 1945 , when it was generally considered a superpower . 
  the uk is considered to have lost superpower status and become a world power during the suez canal crisis of 1956 . 
  yep , that 's him . 
  amazing he has n't been permanently banned from this sub . 
  yeah . 
  i could potentially see visas being relaxed for highly skilled workers only , but anything other than that and the british public could turn on may . 
   previously it was reported that india would push for easier/free movement of peoples into the u.k. 
  there 's no way in hell the uk would sign a free movement pact with india xd, 
   i know that most of you in europe detest trump what does this have to do with trump ? 
  expect this to get downvoted to oblivion !, 
  this sub does not tolerate any criticism of the snp as they think it makes scottish independence less likely , and they are all aggresively pro-scottish independence because reasons . 
  english : at full moon the black cat hides four fat fish, 
  good !, 
  almost certainly, 
   that 's it basically , it 's a mentality that the uk was a world power and world powers still take an interest therefore the uk is still a world power rather than a regional one anti-uk hysteria aside , the uk is still [ a world/great power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_power#/media/file:great_powers.svg ) . 
  it 's one of only 5 world powers recognised as a nuclear weapons state . 
  i have n't seen any academic realistically suggest this will change in our lifetime . 
  regional power is the tier below this , so countries like australia , brazil and south africa are regional powers . 
   it 's actually a very important job that does n't mean it 's not low skilled . 
  the reason it 's poorly paid is because realistically anyone could do it . 
  the presitige of the job is artificially inflated by governments legislating that someone must have a degree to do it . 
   really . . ? 
  it requires a 4 year university degree a high bar for entry does n't mean it 's a high skilled job . 
  nowadays a job requring a degree does n't mean it 's highly skilled , for most it 's just a prerequisite . 
  yes they would . 
   no company is going to come out and openly say hundreds or thousands of jobs are going yes they would . 
   they will move the bare minimum possible yep , the same for most companies wanting access to the single market . 
  no matter how much grandstanding the eu does , they have no control over this . 
  poor new zealand, 
   primary school teachers are chronically underpaid not really , it 's a relatively low skilled job . 
  most people could do it provided they can stomach both the hours and looking after kids all day . 
  no one gets triggered by that lol . 
  the brits do n't care enough about that to get triggered by it . 
  it 's just a statement of geographical fact to say ireland is in the british isles . 
  you and the ira mob are not going to change that . 
   so far , the only news source is a flickr count , and the telegraph ? 
  the telegraph is pretty well respected . 
  * in before hurr durr it 's right wing hurr durr not to be trusted hurr durr *, 
   why are you so obsessed with the uk ? 
  he lives his life on this sub hating on the uk , it 's pretty pathetic . 
  not yet, 
  lol !, 
  you do n't need to take it personally .
