  what are you talking about ? 
   but you 've completely oblivious to the fact that the only people here being edgy about france always have a british flair . 
  yeah , that does n't happen lol . 
  whatever man , keep on hating !, 
  the brits wo n't hold it against you . 
  we 've got bigger fish to fry . 
  by disliking the eu and pointing out the ridiculous hive mind this sub has ? 
  most of the opinions on here can be summed up with `` hurr durr eu is the best hurr durr '' even though all evidence suggests the eu is a titanic failure . 
   that never really happened . 
  i mean the uk never dared to put a step in continental europe between 1815 and 1914 . 
  right , so you 're putting your opinion forward against all of the academics without really backing it up ? 
  sorry do you speak english fluently ? 
  you seem to put forward lots of information and ideas which have absolutely no relevance to the conversation we 're having . 
  you also seem to greatly over exagerrate the historical role your country has had . 
  sorry man , do n't mean to offend you , but we do n't really care about the french that much , that 's why we do n't really comment . 
  i think it 's the same for the americans . 
  not sure why you guys are so hung up on us though . 
  this is a european subreddit . 
  not an eu subreddit . 
   before these events they expected a healthy grow surely your economy ca n't be that susceptible to terrorist attacks ? 
  fantastic news for the uk , more evidence the fear mongering before the referendum was completly baseless . 
  we will excell in the long run as we always do . 
  major investment flooding into the uk post brexit vote , how are the anti-uk euro-federalists going to explain this ? 
  ok that 's all very well and good but most of it is completly irrelevant and does n't tackle any of the points i 've mentioned . 
  pax britannica was the period of relative peace in europe and the world ( 1815 -- 1914 ) during which the british empire became the global hegemonic power and adopted the role of a global police force . 
  alongside the formal control it exerted over its own colonies , britain 's dominant position in world trade meant that it effectively controlled access to many regions , such as asia and latin america . 
  british merchants , shippers and bankers had such an overwhelming advantage over everyone else that in addition to its colonies it had an `` informal empire '' . 
  none of the above paragraphs are my words , those are the words of academics who have studied this over a number of years and have drawn those conclusions . 
  do you disagree with that ? 
  if you actually thought cameron would stay on after losing the eu referendum then all hope is lost for you . 
  everyone said as soon as we vote to leave investment would flood out of the country and jobs would leave instantly , resulting in instant economic collapse . 
  this sub seems to have collective memory loss . 
   no , the term comes from the pax romana . 
  my mistake on that . 
  * yes the uk had the biggest empire , now its influence did n't go beyond its own borders of influence of what was they called the commonwealth * yes it did . 
  it details the situation in my link . 
  it is reffered to as the [ informal empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal_empire ) . 
  you 've seemed to have gone off on two points here . 
  your point i took issue with was when you said ' * it 's not like the uk ever had a global pax before , not as the us has now anyways * ' , which is just not true . 
  i proved that with both links i 've provded . 
  i never claimed britain was the only coutry with an empire at that time or anything like that , so i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get at there ? 
   it 's not like the uk ever had a global pax before , not as the us has now anyways . 
  [ actually britain did , it 's where the term originates from ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) . 
  thank god for this and thank god the military hawk hilary was not elected . 
  we may just avoid ww3 in our lifetime afterall . 
  large scale migration * why the downvotes ? 
  we all know it 's the reason behind sweden 's economic growth *, 
  uk growing significantly faster than the euro area after the brexit vote , how will the euro-federalists explain this ? 
  i thought us brits would all be living in mud huts by now . 
  * lol at the butthurt downvotes *, 
  yeah , as a british commenter in this sub i 've noticed french commenters mention the uk and the us extremly often , they also tend to have quite loaded opinions about the two countries . 
  it 's odd as british and americans do n't realy think or comment about the french very often at all . 
  ha yeah , farage would n't be my first choice but no other european country would ever have a politician this close to the president . 
  this will certainly work in our favour . 
  germany has less influence that the uk or france on a global level , why would they suddenly become a global superpower ( which is what the term pax germanica suggests ) ? 
   i thought his political career was done after brexit , turns out it has barley begun oh god , this sentence gave me mental images of farage becoming pm in 15 years . 
  i agree with some of the sentiment of this , but every point you make is taken to such an extreme it borders on comical . 
  angela merkel the leader of the free world ? 
  come off it . 
  germany does n't even have a military able to exert force outside its own borders . 
  i like this guy . 
  as a right winger he 's one of the few people on the hard left who i do n't mind listening to . 
  your german humour is lost on me !, 
  has she banged nigel yet ? 
  super needy by leaving your tightknit group of countries ? 
  yes , we are leaving . 
  but the brexit process is extremly complex . 
  britain must first decide what stance it wants to take as a country ( which it is doing now ) , then it must trigger article 50 , which would then give it a 2 year peroid of negotiation . 
  this is n't going to happen overnight , if you think it will i suggest you read a bit more around the subject . 
  it 's much more important for the uk that this process is done correctly rather than quickly . 
  would sarkozy pledge to hold a referendum on the eu to take votes from le pen ? 
  he 's not out of a job , he is still a mep and will be for at least two more years ( unless trump offers him something and he stands down ), 
  churchill is more relevant to global politics, 
  have you not seen video clips of him ? 
  he was as british as they come . 
  so we should tolerate political violence provided it does n't result in death ? 
  it looks pretty underdeveloped and not very impressive so it 's lisbon, 
  yeah , industries cluster in geographical areas for ease of business , go figure . 
   the far right white nationalists need to start being treat like their far right islamist brothers . 
  agreed , aggresive far-left protestors who go around instigating violence also need to be put in the same category . 
  oxford ? 
  cambridge ? 
  manchester ? 
  edinborough ? 
  * brexit will make it harder and less attractive for qualified people to enter the uk . 
  * why ? 
  the main thrust of the anti-eu argument in relation to immigration was giving britain the ability to choose who comes in , and namely to limit unskilled migration . 
  this has nothing to do with highly skilled ai workers . 
  and why less attractive ? 
  again , i could understand this line of argument in relation to an industry that depends on the european single market , but ai does n't . 
  ai is the sort of industry and needs a world class relevant business cluster to thrive , london has this and no other european city does ( berlin and paris are decent , but they 're nowhere near the same level ) . 
  * startups only succeed when talent is cheap * startups achieve when they offer something the market wants and/or needs . 
  if the only achieve when talent is cheap then eastern europe would be a start up powerhouse , rather than say , the high wage usa . 
  * also ever noticed that a lot of machine learning companies only do saas now * do n't have knowledge on this so i ca n't comment . 
  why on earth would ai startups leave the global leader london to spread themselves out thinly across the european union ? 
  i could understand if you were making this argument about financial services , and financial companies which specialise in giving their services to the european single market , but why ai ? 
   it 's going to get worse . 
  africa is turning into hell , especially with overpopulation . 
  they are going to flood europe from the south , saturating countries as they travel north . 
  this is one of the positives of brexit for me .
