   because pre-vote polls show support for independence , maybe those polls were just wrong and they did n't accurately sample the scottish electorate ? 
   geopolitical domination that the old-school british imperials could only dream of not true chuck . 
  read about pax britannica . 
  britain dominated the world for over 100 years , controlling vast swathes of terriroty , controlling every major trade route , forcing their products into other non-conquered countries against their will ( opium in china ) . 
  it was britain who etablished english as the language of international trade and business in this time . 
  over times the english speaking population grew as a result of this colonising , most notably in north america . 
  america 's cultural dominance was the icing on the cake . 
  ignored, 
   pretty sure the scots get cold feet on election day again . 
  why would it be them getting cold feet ? 
  would it not just be the people expressing their majority will to stay in the united kingdom ? 
  awwwwww, 
  no , not between allies . 
  but if the country say , provided military protection to the other region , they would be well within their right to bring this up during negotiations and use it as a bargaining chip . 
   the thread is about what 2nd language people chose to learn these days right , i am now convinced you can not read xd this thread is about english as the lingua franca , not your own reasons for wanting to learn english so you can watch cheap american action movies lol, 
   perhaps it would be less so if leave supporters among our regulars could improve their quality of posting can you give me any examples ? 
   for you to try to argue the modern take up of the language you speak is mainly attributable to the activities on the patch of land you inhabit just smacks of a delusion . 
  i do n't know who 's comments you 've been reading but clearly not mine . 
  i am not attributing the prominence of english to the fact people speak it in the british isles . 
  i attribute it to the last two superpowers speaking english , the first of which spread it to every corner of the globe . 
   combined with their internet tech that achieved that . 
  you mean the internet running on the world wide web ? 
  on computers ? 
  both british inventions xd * `` i will give the british an assist though . 
  but please , stop trying to claim credit that is n't yours . 
  '' * i 'm not , i never once said english is the lingua franca entirely because of the uk . 
  it 's clearly the result of the last two super powers being english speaking , you 're the one weirdly blotting out a hugely prominent part of the languages history and just attributing it to one country . 
  tbh , it just makes me think you 're one of the many anti-uk absurdly pro-eu federalists in this sub who 's been drowning in salt since we voted to leave your precious union . 
  i do n't think you actually believe what you 're arguing . 
  funny , it always amuses me how desperate some europeans are to deny english is the most prominent language in the world due to the fact the * last two * superpowers have been english speaking , the first of which spread it to near every corner of the globe . 
  the lack of historical awareness is astounding and rather disconcerting . 
  damn , even the centrist/left leaning scottish press is turning on sturgeon ? 
  i 'm predicting a blue landslide in the next scottish elections #vivalaruth, 
  it 's because so many parts of the world speak the language , many of them wealthy countries . 
  the us plays a big part in this , but to act like if the us was the * only * country speaking english everyone else would to is just not true . 
  i mean , china is about as economically prominent as the us nowadays , they also produce a shit ton of film and tv . 
  but you do n't see natives all over the western world tripping over themselves to speak chinese . 
  then i would vote for neither as i 'm to the right of centre right, 
   the british will have to learn `` international english '' if they want to do business . 
  the horror !, 
   the game is open again . 
  lmao, 
   that 's something mainland europeans tell themselves to make themselves feel better . 
  yeah , it always makes me laugh the mental gymastics europeans will go through to attribute the prominence of english * entirely * to the us . 
   sure , but without america , english today would n't be any more widespread than say french . 
  yes it would . 
  it would be spoken in all [ these areas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/british_empire.svg ) minus the us . 
   english today owes it 's status as the world 's lingua franca to america , not the uk . 
  [ stop . 
  talking . 
  nonsense . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/british_empire.svg ), 
   it was a desperate grasp by the uk to keep some semblance of financial relevance after brexit . 
  all the banks are going to relocate . 
  likely so will most of the large broking houses too . 
  your knowledge on this is possibly below zero, 
   tory government for 500 years sounds good to me, 
   is actually way less of an echo chamber . 
  now that 's saying something because this sub is also a massive anti-brexit echo chamber, 
   so if china were to threaten the uk militarily to try and leverage a better trade deal with the uk , all 's fair ? 
  the uk is not threatening the eu militarily, 
   the problem is that the uk seems to be ready to literally risk lifes in order to have some leverage . 
  lol , going down the outrage route . 
  look , there is no actual desire in the uk to stop security co-operation with the eu . 
  i may be showing off a bit because of this development but i do n't want to see the co-operation ended . 
  but the british government is * well * within it 's right , considering the rhetoric from the continent over the last 9 months , to highlight it 's own strengths and what it brings to the table . 
  provided all sides are sensible , and concessions are made on both sides , the uk will not be withholding any intel from the eu . 
   economic integration and a security alliance are not mutually exclusive . 
  the uk taking a transactional approach to continental security is indeed blackmail . 
  right , so the eu playing to it 's economic strength is just and fair . 
  the uk playing to it 's security strength is blackmail . 
   the right of the tories will bush for no deal anyway . 
  the tory right is in heaven over this new development . 
  it 's almost like no one realised how important british intel is to the eu until yesterday . 
   trade is not the same as intelligence . 
  we know it 's not . 
  but it 's all on the table and up for negotiation . 
   eu countries need to understand they ca n't cherry pick which type of cooperation it has with the uk . 
  lmao , oh how the tables have turned . 
  all the europhiles constantly remind the brits we ca n't cherry pick what deal we have with the eu , and that we effectively have to take what we 're given . 
  they then turn around and demand they have unfettered access to british intelligence . 
  the hypocrisy is both palpable and hilarious . 
  poles are generally liked in the uk, 
  lol , this sub supports referenda if there 's even a slight minority that support having one ( scotland indy ref 2 ) . 
  but when it comes to brits not wanting to remain in the eu , they become adamant dictators . 
   as i said the lost exports to the u.k. can easily go to different countries the eu near exclusively trades with itself . 
  that 's why it takes it over 10 years to sign a simple trade deal . 
  it 's a protectionist block . 
  those exports can not easily go elsewhere , it would take the eu a generation to sign enough trade deals with other countries to equal the size of the british economy . 
   1.6 % of 16.5 trillion is 264 billion . 
  lmao a 150 billion hole in 264 billion is near enough economic stagnation xd, 
   explain to me how a say $ 150 billion hole in a $ 16.5 trillion economy will lead to stagnation ? 
  that 's way less than the eu economy grew by last year . 
  because the eu is not growing by 16.5 trillion a year . 
  it grows by a tiny % point of that . 
  a hundred billion pound hole leads to job losses , loss of business , loss of net wealth . 
  which will grind growth to a halt . 
  meaning stagnation . 
   our future as humans is to all be united at some point . 
  lol , pretty sure this is an exact quote from 1984 .
