  the life and end of the sterling area ? 
  the large nationalizations ? 
  the pound in your pocket ? 
  the winter of discontent ? 
  the mccrone report ? 
  so and and so forth ? 
  gone or half forgotten , like dreams in the morning . 
  someone knows their british political history !, 
   always striking , work shy , everything shuts down in august etc   that is just such a condescending attitude . 
  if you had known the uk in the 60s or 70s , much worse could have been said about the work moral of british labor . 
  sorry chuck , but it 's the way the anglosphere views france . 
  getting angry about it wo n't change anything . 
   but if it 's macron , that might change with his liberal views , you really think macron will be able to fundamentally reform french labour laws ? 
  french labour laws are reminiscent of gun laws in america . 
  people have tried on many times to change them , but have failed everytime . 
  it 's so deeply embedded in france it forms part of the french national identity ( always striking , work shy , everything shuts down in august etc ) . 
  i do n't see macron being able to change this cultural paradigm . 
  * `` it 's maybe an exaggeration to say , but probably close to reality : eliminating a job takes three days in london , three months in switzerland , three years in paris , '' jean-frederic de leusse , head of ubs group ag 's french unit , told senators in paris in february . 
  `` clearly the new french government 's policy will be looked at and will matter in the choice , '' but so far there is n't `` enough visibility '' to decide on brexit-related moves , he said . 
  '' * interesting quote . 
  think this sums it up as to why paris will not take many jobs from brexiteering britain . 
  why have plaid cymru not elected a new leader yet ? 
  she 's failed on numerous occasions to advance their cause . 
   i would place the chances of the north reunifying with the republic within the next 15 years at 85 % possibility . 
  lmao, 
   generalizing is never the way to go . 
  yeah , this sub definatly did n't generalise all brits who supported brexit ... 
  damn , it 's sad to see france in a state where they 're so terrified of another attack they shoot innocent people . 
  i hope the country sorts out it 's terrorist problem !!!, 
  * why is this downvoted so much lol ? 
  uk stronk, 
  because brits on this sub are very very left wing on average and left wingers tend to dislike their country and have no patriotism whatsoever, 
  wait what , you started off arguing the uk economy will not do well without economic migrants from europe ( not true ) and now you 're arguing the uk has experienced too much immigration and there has been a radical and dangerou culture change ( not true ) . 
  are you just a contrarian ? 
  or do you have a tangible point to make ? 
  it 's more likely other countries will leave at this point, 
  so are you just gon na downvote me or are you gon na answer ? 
  so you think britain wo n't have access to skilled migrants outside the eu ? 
   for the uk economy to barely stagnate what do you mean ? 
  the uk economy has been growing quite well as of late, 
  i love that hardly anyone ever conquers the uk, 
  wow , an overwhelmingly positive comment about the uk from a frenchmen in r/europe . 
  have i entered the twilight zone ? 
  so let me just get this straight , you honestly believe goods and services must pass through the country the company is registered in for tax purposes ? 
  have you been asleep for the era of corporate globalism ? 
   these projections just make the usa 's insanely high gdp all the more impressive what do you mean by this ? 
   if uk companies want to send goods to ireland to sell on to the eu they still have to go through a customs border to get to ireland that 's not how it works, 
  this is a different way to break the data down by looking at regions rather than the country as a whole, 
  because i argue against european federalists who talk very negatively of my country and despite voting to remain , i thought and still think the eu is a flawed institution . 
  also , since seeing the reaction to the leave vote from the rest of europe , i 'm now convinced the uk never belonged in the eu . 
  in this sub if you 're not extremely pro-eu , you 're viewed as the brexiteering enemy . 
  it suggests a certain degree of geopolitical and economic irrelevance . 
  spain has very bad purchasing power density , which is what this map is showing . 
  i 'm unsure why you 're so butthurt ? 
  yes , i 'm well aware what the map is showing , i posted it . 
   the op is a brexiter i actually voted for remain ( no one seems to believe this though ), 
  just because your country is very bad xd, 
  very interesting graph !, 
  our talent does n't want to go to france xd, 
  i think the other guys comment could be correct , about france measuring population in all over seas areas as part of the french population , whereas that link there only measures the population france . 
   there was not ` unanimous agreement ' amongst the `` expert economists '' and politicos at trans-national organizations there was . 
  they absolutely did fail to spot the crash . 
  the imf made very negative predictions for right after the vote . 
  even the pro-eu anti-uk [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/oct/04/imf-peak-pessimism-brexit-eu-referendum-european-union-international-monetary-fund ) reported on it . 
   because all that funding ' where do you think all that eu funding comes from ? 
  the taxpayer !, 
  when it comes to eu funds the uk pays in significantly more than it takes out . 
  the british government will actually have more money to play with in the long run , and they 've already stated they will match eu science funds . 
  i would n't be suprised if they give more as time goes on in order to remain competitive . 
   those nasty experts those nasty experts that unanimously agreed britain should join the euro or risk complete economic irrelevance ? 
  the same experts who * all * failed to spot the 08 financial crash ? 
  the same ones who predicted the british economy would drop off a cliff at the first sign of a brexit vote ? 
  a black chav in london, 
  * key word : could *, 
  for major advanced countries population size and growth is almost exactly linked to geopolitical relevance . 
  which is exactly what we 're debating here . 
   has the uk had a higher pop than france anytime recently ? 
  as of 2017 , yes . 
  source : http://www.worldometers.info/population/countries-in-the-eu-by-population/, 
  as of 2017 the uk is bigger . 
  the uk has well over twice as many net migrants per annum as france . 
  source : http://www.worldometers.info/population/countries-in-the-eu-by-population/, 
  articles reporting on credible studies focusing on long term population and economic growth are all over the internet . 
  below are two for you to read . 
  [ top of the world : britain to outpace g7 for ` next three decades ' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2017/02/07/top-world-britain-outpace-g7-next-three-decades/ ) [ booming britain to become world 's fourth largest economy as france and italy face g8 exclusion ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ), 
   everywhere you look there 's some uk flair getting upset because someone did n't compliment the country no , everywhere you look there 's some miscellaneous european spitting diatribe against the uk and about the greatness of the eu . 
   france also has a very high net migration not to the same extent as the uk, 
   now in total decline . 
  the uk is the only european country set to grow in relevance over the course of our lifetime, 
  no where near to the same extent , and you know it, 
  not really . 
  the first modern computer was the analytical engine , which was created by an english mechanical engineer called charles babbage . 
  google it !, 
  we are . 
  if not the best we 're definatly top 3 or so . 
  the absurd anti-uk circle jerk in this sub does n't change anything . 
  there 's a reason so many europeans come to live here and there 's a reason they 're all so butthurt that the uk rejected them . 
  wtf , france only has 66k migrants ? 
  * `` famous for once being the worlds leading power '' * oh come off it , the uk 's famous for a hell of a lot more than that . 
  evolution ?
