  he gladly put down his guns to work for peace , and certainly many lives were saved because of that . 
  so he actively supported murdering innocent people for a large part of his life , then he started to act normal in his later years ? 
  and we 're supposed to celebrate this as some sort of victory ? 
  no , it 's very well known . 
  they know innocent people were killed . 
  but they gleefully & retrospectivly support the movement because they harbour contempt for the uk . 
  they should be ashamed of themselves . 
  churchill is the greatest man in human history, 
  yeah , there 's huge numbers of french people in london . 
  a very noticable increase over the last few years . 
  richard does n't even live in the uk , he spends most of his time on his private island in the tropics . 
  he rightfully has less say in british affairs than the average worker . 
   there 's a considerable amount of support of the ira in / r/europe . 
  it 's absolutely disgraceful . 
  so many innocent lives lost and this sub gleefully supports people like martin mcguinness because he represents an anti-uk political movement . 
  it 's no better than supporting islamic extremism . 
  jesus christ , all those innocent people murdered in the uk by the ira . 
  and this sub was celebrating the life of martin mcguinness 2 days ago ... 
  he did, 
  you hold a grudge against a 17th century military leader for killing people ? 
  the father of modern democracy . 
  a statue of him stands proud outside westminster . 
  one of the few individuals who truely changed history for the better . 
  cromwell was one of the greatest men in human history . 
   trolling euphiles on reddit amen, 
   not every shitpost deserves a ban , but some certainly do . 
  when it comes to shitposting on terrorist attacks like this , they should all be banned . 
   basque and catalan and welsh are thriving ... right, 
   i would n't want to have gone on the record today , saying that ` no european in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets ' . 
  who said that ? 
  i hope you ban anyone that does . 
  the irish tried to destroy us back but failed . 
  the germans tried to destory us and we tried to destroy them . 
  under napolean the french tried to destroy every country that stood in its way . 
  going way back the italians destroyed many countries/cultures when building its empire . 
  before that it was the ancient greeks and the persians . 
  the point is its part of human nature and happens all over the world at various points across history . 
  holding resentment because of it is embarrassingly pathetic . 
  like what do you want me to say ? 
  `` sorry dude my ancestors were smarter , better at fighting and better at organising themselves than your ancestors and now your language/culture is irrelevant '' ? 
  does that make you feel better ? 
  you 're talking yourself in circles and not making any actual points chuck . 
   we 've a bit to go to replace the population we lost after the concerted efforts of you british tried to eradicate us . 
  fuck off you cunt . 
  london has only just hit the population it had prior to the germany bombing campaigns in ww2 . 
  i do n't condone terrorist attacks by brits against germans because of this and i wish no ill will on the country . 
  you really need to mature with your attitude , collectiveindividual . 
   again , this proves that this is interesting to us , which it is , r/europe loves european geopolitics ( duh ) . 
  how does this prove that we care whether or not scotland actually leaves the uk ? 
  so let me get this straight , you just admitted r/europe loves european geopolitics and the amount of posts about scottish independence proves the topic is interesting to readers on this sub . 
  but then you turn around and ask how this proves the sub cares about scottish independence ? 
  you 've answered your own question buddy . 
   do people on r/europe really care ? 
  yes , articles on this topic are posted * all the time * on this sub , many of which gain hundreds or upvotes and comments . 
   well there was a concerted government effort to destroy it over history there 's been concerted government efforts to destory lots of things . 
  should we bring it all back !, 
   i told you what page to go to - specifically . 
  when you open it up , you can even enter the page number at the top and it will take you directly to it . 
  yes and it does not give the information you claimed . 
  you ca n't just link a massive document after making outlandish claims and expect me to trawl through it . 
  that 's like me saying homosexuality is a sin and then linking you the bible . 
  you need to link concise facts and statistics , otherwise you just look like a dogmatic ideological warrior trying to promote your own political party off the back of no evidence . 
   homelessness fell to its lowest level on record in 2009 , under labour . 
  it rose to its highest level on record in 1991 , under the tories . 
  proof ? 
  so you choose to present one small side of the facts to paint a picture to suit your own narrative whilst ignoring all evidence to the contrary ? 
  now who 's being dogmatic ... 
  your proof showed homelessnese rose quicker under labour than under the modern conservatives and then you blamed it on a tory politician who left office 7 years earlier ? 
  again , i do n't know the details . 
  but you were the one insinuating tory policies lead to increased homelessness and that labour are better on this issue than the tories . 
  the burden of proof is on you . 
  yeah i have no doubt this post ( and probably all my comments ) will be downvoted . 
  it 's important to present both sides of an argument though , no matter how bias the forum is . 
   i 'm not sure what contributed to the rise between 1997 and 2004 . 
  could it be , i do n't know ... labour policies ? 
  lol !, 
  it 's a hard one to grasp . 
  he basically lays into the scottish nationalists about only supporting the will of the scottish parliament when it suits their agenda . 
  to which the nationalists had no real answer . 
  technically yes , but she did n't address any of the points actually raised . 
  wait what ? 
  the rising homelessness for 7 years under labour ( 97-04 ) was a result of thatcher who left office in 1990 ? 
  tepid acceptance and sympathy gives the left-wing radicals momentum , which is how we find ourselves in the situation now where the government is having to intervene . 
  it should never have got this far . 
  proof ? 
   i am 100 % against the sun newspaper , but several universities have banned the newspaper on campus ( no sales of it etc ) ** which i can understand in a sense ** because it lies a lot and is a awful paper but then that sets a dangerous precedent , if you 're part of the problem, 
  yeah , this is a disease british universities have inherited from campus culture in america . 
  it 's disgraceful no one has put a stop to it yet . 
  but in this particular instance labour are n't better . 
  homelessness grew very quickly under them for 7 years until it started dropping . 
  the tories have had 7 years where it has only risen very slightly in comparison . 
  it 's far to early to draw conclusions from that . 
  no sure about the details . 
  but it 's food for thought . 
  rather than the typical hurr durr tories bad labour good hurr durr . 
  but it was increasing quicker before then than it is increasing under the tories now . 
  maybe tory policies to reduce homelessness have n't taken effect yet ? 
  i mean , it took 7 years under labour for it to start decreasing . 
  i funk de uk wud hav dropped off a hurr durr cliff by dat time due 2 brexit !? 
  / europe,
