   it 's a silly way of limited their potential workforce it 's an employers market . 
  there 's a surplus of candidates for every job . 
  it 's not an issue for them . 
   not in a forum where the first rule is that human rights are to be respected . 
  imo all speech belongs in a parliament , provided it 's not actively encouraging physical harm . 
   that is not a debate . 
  it 's the rant of a neanderthal . 
  neanderthals should be allowed to rant , shutting down speech only gives them momentum . 
   lol how are women less intelligent ? 
  they 're not . 
  but there are notable differences in male and female mental capacity . 
  as an example , men and women are spread across the iq quite spectrum differently . 
  women tend to concentrate around the average ( iq of 100 ) , which is why more women go onto university , as pretty much every average student and above does nowadays . 
  men are spread across the spectrum more sparsely , the majority of the extreme outliers tend to be men . 
  this is why there are more male geniuses , and more men in the most rigorous subjects at the top universities , it 's also why there are more men dropping out of school and more men in prison . 
  * why the downvotes ? 
  everything i 've said is factual *, 
  wait , he 's been suspended for speaking his mind ? 
  is this what the european parliament has become ? 
   being part of the eu is important for being part of modern europe so you do n't think switzerland and norway are part of modern europe ? 
  think it 's more of an excuse , turn out in the eu referendum in scotland was relatively low . 
   are you guys sure you ca n't reverse brexit ? 
  really really sure ? 
  unfortunately not . 
  much like trump in america , the rural natives have spoken . 
   it put scotland in a far stronger negotiating position due to the weight of the eu in negotiations with england not really , as scotland 's voice would be only one of 28 , so it would n't count for much at all . 
  no , funnily enough i do n't think wanting to keep overtly religous symbols out of the workplace amounts to being brainwashed . 
  everyone reading/commenting here clearly does . 
  including yourself . 
  no , funnily enough i do n't think japanese women should be able to override company policy and wear kimonos to work . 
  you 're being hysterical . 
  i do n't want to ban all symbols . 
  i simply do n't think workers , particularly in customer facing roles , should wear overtly religous symbols and conceal their identity . 
  i could n't care less what they choose to wear when they 're off the clock . 
   if you do n't like living in london because you hate muslims you are free to leave . 
  muslims and london kind of go together and have done for 400 years . 
  i love living in london , best city in the world imo . 
  i do n't hate muslims , no idea where you got that idea from . 
  i simply do n't think workers , particularly in customer facing roles , should wear overtly religous symbols and conceal their identity . 
  i could n't care less what they choose to wear when they 're off the clock . 
  wearing them in their private life is fine . 
  if loads of people forced employers to let them wear kiminos rather than standard work attire then i would have a problem with that too . 
  as i 'm sure many would . 
  lol , you should try living in london, 
  dude , read the comment chain . 
  i was responding to * `` and for those who wear it because of pressure of their husbands/family/religious leaders it still is a better option to work wearing a headscarf instead of staying home all day . 
  and you do n't think they may be brainwashed ? 
  being brought up in a religon that forces you to wear something , it 's not too far fetched to think by adulthood some of those people will defend said item . 
  having too choose between covering your head with a hijab and going to work or being forced to stay at home by your husband is , in my opinion , religous extremism . 
   many muslim women have argued that it is , together with the burqini , actually a tool for liberation . 
  lmao, 
  no , no one is pushing muslims out of the workforce . 
  in their own minds/private lifes they 're free to believe and worship what they want . 
  what we 're saying is keep the overtly religous symbols out of the workplace , particularly when you 're in a customer facing rule . 
  it 's really not too much to ask . 
   it still is a better option to work wearing a headscarf instead of staying home all day . 
  we should n't adjust western norms to accomodate religous extremism . 
   how about an orthodox jewish man in a kippah or an orthodox jewish women in a tichel ? 
  yep , do n't want that either obviously . 
  keep your religous symbols in your personal life , keep it out of the workplace . 
   and where is the issue with the hijab ? 
  it 's an overtly religous symbol that conceals identity and represents oppression . 
  i do n't expect my opinion to sway the opinion of business owners . 
  i 'm just glad they will be less workers wearing hijabs/burkas . 
  she has good ground to reject it before the brexit process is complete . 
  yeah , and business owners tend to be bright people . 
  they know it 's not in their interest to allow staff to wear overtly religious symbols . 
   have you ever been served by a woman in a burqa/niqab in a cafe ? 
  hijab all the time . 
  very nice, 
  good ruling . 
  when i 'm in a cafe i simply do n't want a woman in a hijab/burka to serve me . 
   if ni and scotland leave the union , look to london next born and bred londoner here , lived in this city my entire life . 
  you 're talking absolute nonsense . 
   because it was n't on the cards the first time round . 
    yes it was and it was a central point of the campaign . 
    the snp left the currency purposefully vague . 
    that was because it was to be decided after independence it is a fairly minor detail considering how there was absolutely no plan whatsoever for another referendum . 
  there is even a good chance that all three might happen . 
  stay in the pound until they establish a new currency and then adopt the euro why they meet all of the criteria . 
    the legal control over the # belongs to england and the uk . 
    the british government ca n't physically stop them from using it plenty of countries do n't use their own currencies . 
  no it was n't , a claim from a politician on the campaign trail does not mean it 's a fact . 
  yes , other countries do n't use their own currencies , that 's their own choice and irrelevant . 
  we 're talking about the uk here . 
  it would be like turkey arguing to use the euro , whatever argument they put forward , it 's irrelevant if the eu is against it . 
  the # is the currency of the united kingdom . 
  if scotland votes to leave the uk ( which is totally up to them ) they would be voting to leave everything . 
  including the currency . 
   in case of scotland leaving and joining the eu , they would keep those deals but the rest of the eu has those deals in place to . 
  scotland would n't be moving into a unique position where only they have access to the single market . 
  they would be in the exact same position as the eu-27 . 
   in the worst case , britain would have to renegotiate every single trade deal . 
  how do you mean ? 
   taxes are the same in scotland and england and they would be drastically different should scotland go independant . 
   given they would be able to work out exactly how to tweak the taxes etc to make it more profitable for english companies to move to scotland and stay in europe , it 's a fair bet they 'll do that . 
  but that would mean lowering taxes , deregulating their business laws , making it easy for companies to hire and fire people etc. 
  basically everything the snp stands staunchly against . 
   how do you know ? 
  blaming the euro is n't proof of that .
