  we 're richer than your crappy country xd, 
  this argument about the brits and the empire is only ever brought up by europeans on this sub . 
  i can assure you no one here lives in the past about our empire , it 's largely ignored in our education system out of embarrassment . 
  the average brit walking down the street knows very little about it . 
  we 're quite content being one of the largest economies and largest military powers in the world . 
  we 'll never compete with u.s / china due to our small population , but we do pretty damn well , 
   france conquers again british islands good luck with that !, 
  how did napolean fair ? 
   we did n't create a ton of disenfranchised amongst the population that votes . 
  then why is front national high in the polls ? 
   wo n't happen . 
  they once said that about brexit and trump !, 
  it can happen in the scottish parliament also, 
  it 's different here because there are many more parties that get a substantial share of the vote . 
  the uk conservatives got the largest share of the popular vote for one party . 
  then you do n't understand what the full document is, 
   well you ca n't be any worse than thr other england at football , we 're pretty damn good at the olympics to make up for it, 
  that 's what they said about brexit , that 's what they said about trump ... 
  this is fantastic news for brexit britain, 
   but do you seriously think trump gives a shit about the common man in the uk , or any country in the eu ? 
  i think he gives a shit about doing a good job for his own legacy . 
  which includes striking good trade deals with like minded countries . 
  no , if trump has a say . 
  he wants to renegotiate all of them . 
  as do the brexiteers . 
  looks like those anglo-saxons are going to create new ones . 
  i think it 's a broader movement in global politics . 
  the uk and the us just happened to be the bellweathers . 
  keep a close eye on france and the netherlands . 
   if that is a very convoluted way of saying it 's a very direct way of saying the will of the people must always be respected * if you think that you can stay in nato and start to pick and chose which situations you can engage yourself in * of course you can . 
  the u.s , uk and france going into the middle east does n't drag all nato members in . 
  your comment is irrelevant because my comment said * ` public opinion , as expressed through the ballot box ' *, 
  `` and start again '', 
   that 's not democracy it is * you elect a representative that seems trustworthy to you * yes , hence the phrase ` through the ballet box ', 
  what does that mean ? 
  individual countries decide when and where they want to get involved in, 
  minimum requirement of 2 % gdp spent on defence, 
   the majority of voters are unintelligent what 's your basis for this ? 
  no , but my country does and that 's all i 'm concerned with . 
  nato should n't protect any country that does n't fulfil their membership requirement . 
  so 1 eastern european country ? 
  you think that 's acceptable ? 
  please elaborate how they are wrong . 
  thank you i wish you all the best with remaining in the eu, 
   taken as policy proposal though . 
  it was only taken as a policy proposal by the hard left/remainers who wanted to score cheap political points . 
   tunnel-visioned mongrel stating facts makes me a tunnel-visioned mongrel ? 
  the tolerant left strikes again . 
  and some of you wonder why the left is losing elections on an unprecedented scale . 
   public opinion should not overrule international treaties voted and approved by national parliaments . 
  public opinion , as expressed through the ballot box , does and should overrule everything . 
  hence democracy . 
  please elaborate . 
  eastern european countries made a conscious decision not to honour their nato pledge . 
  you really thought public opinion would never turn against protecting them in other nato countries ? 
  canada is a market of 35 million , the u.s. is a market of 330 million . 
  they are not the same . 
  * because most american companies also have a location in canada you might as well consider ttip as passed . 
  * what does this even mean ? 
  american companies are located everywhere . 
  why does this mean ttip is passed ? 
  not many people are hoping for a slew of massive free trade . 
  people want * good * free trade deals that is n't detrimental to the native population . 
  this is an area trump and brexiteers are in agreement on . 
  to be honest , eastern europe has n't really honoured its nato pledge . 
  i would be in favour of uk/us forces not helping . 
  control of borders and ability to strike own trade deals . 
  that was never a policy pledge . 
  it was a suggestion on the side of a campaigning bus . 
  ca n't wait for u.s.a and post brexit britain to strike a free trade deal in record time . 
  trump is part scottish , has plenty of business in the uk and publicly backed brexit and said the uk will be at the front of the trade que . 
  sorry euro-federalists , looks like the brexiteers will win xd le pen next :p * waiting for the butthurt downvotes *, 
  ca n't wait for u.s.a and post brexit britain to strike a free trade deal in record time . 
  trump is part scottish , has plenty of business in the uk and publicly backed brexit and said the uk will be at the front of the trade que . 
  sorry euro-federalists , looks like the brexiteers will win xd le pen next :p, 
  next up , le pen in france . 
  tbh the uk has contributed so much more than its taken out over the years i do n't think the eu will mind if we keep this one . 
  * that 's just delusional brexiteer thinking . 
  * i voted for and campaigned for remain . 
  i never said the uk leaving could single handedly destroy the eu , but it could certainly be catalyst for other countries leaving , particularly if leaving the eu does n't hamper the uk in the long run . 
  anti-eu sentiment has risen dramatically over the last 15 years . 
  the eu has problems it ca n't seem to fix ( economic malaise in the eurozone ) and it continues to add new problems ( sloppy handling of migration from the middle east/africa ) . 
  considering these and the fact the uk is leaving ( i know people on this sub like to downplay the uks prominence , but it is the second largest economy and has the largest military budget in the eu ) i think it is quite likely other countries will vote to leave too . 
  only time will tell though . 
  probably not , but i got ta say i never imagined in a million years the uk would vote to leave . 
  i think it is quite likely other countries will vote to leave in the future . 
  what makes you say/think that out of interest ? 
  no , it 's not sarcasm , your explanation does n't make sense and you know it , it 's grade a waffle . 
  your original comment was a random incoherrent moot point which you are defending to the death . 
  sad to see how moronic some can be lol . 
  as predicted , silence . 
  you 're a fool . 
  yeah , had a bad one last world cup . 
  we 've bounced back well by winning the grand slam though , i think eddie jones could do something special with our national side . 
  also , we 're the only northern hemisphere side to win the world cup back in 03 , nearly won it again in 07 too . 
  that does n't happen by accident . 
  please explain how your comment uses irony to mock or convey contempt ? 
  i think you may be confused over the definition of sarcasm , like an irish fool, 
  your incoherent point does not equal sarcasm . 
  why on earth would they have played ireland 's call ?
