  if anything this has made his career . 
   if they wo n't allow it ... it 'll just create a bigger shitstorm not really , the staunchly pro-uk scottish conservatives have recently shot into second place in the recent scottish local election , at the same time the snp lost their majority in the scottish parliament . 
  scottish independence is not a forgone conclusion . 
  * careers of cameron and boris destroyed * boris ' career is not destroyed lol . 
  he 's the most likely next prime minister . 
  * all that needs to happen is for cameron to notify the rest of the eu ministers this tuesday * cameron wo n't do that . 
  he has already decided he 's stepping down , he 'll leave all the work for the next conservative leader . 
  besides , it would n't be right for him to begin negotiations when he campaigned to remain in the eu . 
  article 50 will probably be triggered in october once the conservative leadership contest has finished . 
  i think it 's more because cameron does not want to do any of the work himself , so article 50 wo n't be triggered until the conservative party has a new leader . 
  the title of the link implies the opposite, 
  i ca n't speak for lower skilled workers . 
  i 'm a degree level educated professional and mass-immigration has absolutely not depreciated my wages . 
  i always vote in my self-interest . 
  so they can be part of an english speaking high wage economy with huge opportunity . 
  you 're having a laugh if you think legal migrants in the uk are treated like second class citzens , people may complain about migration but once you 're in you 're golden . 
  not my wish , i voted and campaigned for remain . 
  brexit would have easily been avoided if the eu allowed britain control of its borders . 
  i do n't think it really matters what france wants tbh , germany is the eu state that calls all the shots . 
  they intergrate well , they help to lower britain 's average age , they 're good for the economy and they increase our net population , which gives us more weight on the international stage . 
  yeah , i was talking about workers in the financial centre though , not overall population . 
  unpopular opinion here , but i hope the uk continues taking in large amounts of migrants from the european continent . 
  yes , but that is only one segment of london 's financial sector . 
  london employs half a million workers in financial services , the next largest european centre is less than 1/5 of that . 
  some london finance jobs will go , but no where near as many as the eu federalists in this sub are suggesting . 
  cmon , man , i voted for remain but people who voted leave are not all idiots . 
  they just decided they do n't want the uk to be part of the eus political structure . 
  the eu is to blame * are the downvotes really necessary ? 
  the uk has just voted out and anti-eu sentiment is surging across the continent , and you still ca n't acknowledge maybe the eu is at fault ? 
  i think everyone knew this would happen , even all the leave voters . 
  the argument they put forward is it will be better in the long run , we will have to wait 20 odd years to see if they are right . 
  her early retirement at the age of 65 after being the pm for 11 years ? 
  then did n't her party go on to win the next election in 1992 ? 
  did n't thatcher win 3 landslide elections in a row ? 
  she could n't have been that unpopular, 
  why was it so high in 92 ? 
  are you really oblivous to the huge amount of butthurt radiating from your comments ? 
  there is still a few of us . 
  but these recent discussions have just been armies of angry europeans slagging off the uk and wanting to try and inflict a large amount of damage on the county . 
  if a brit counter-points this and says anything positive about the uk 's future situation they just get downvoted to oblivion , so it does n't suprise me there is n't many british commenters atm . 
  why is that ideal ? 
  rare ? 
  there is loads of us . 
  i campaigned for remain . 
  what industry out of interest ? 
  * bitch please you have no powers * we used to say that about farage , now look at us xd, 
  yeah , the uk will never be a superpower . 
  but i have n't seen anyone realistically suggest it will cease to be a world power in our lifetime . 
  no , there is really not . 
  the only realistic possibility is a second scottish referendum . 
  of course the uk will be a world power on it own , i do n't think i 've seen anyone claim it wo n't . 
  i think us english should join america, 
  * `` because they are objectively wrong '' * we do n't know that yet . 
  let 's wait 25 years and see how it all pans out . 
  `` seriously endanger the european union as a whole '' by having people vote against it ? 
  is that not democracy ? 
  if that happens surely the blame is 100 % on the eu for disregarding the will of the european people . 
  scotland for hong kong ? 
  i 'd take that . 
  that crazy bastard farage has only gone and done it, 
  not necessarily easy , but most people thought remain would clinch it . 
  but then again i 'm in london , so the people i know in real life are n't representative of the uk as a whole . 
  i would vote in favour just for a bit of stability xd, 
  jesus christ , just woke up and seen the result . 
  i am so so shocked . 
  are you referring to politicians or voter base ? 
  i agree it has always taken its politicians predominantly from the conservatives . 
  it has always taken the sweeping majority of its voter base from labour . 
  the idea it mostly took votes off the conservatives was a tabloid myth that has been disproved by voter analysis . 
  ukip absorbing conservatives only applied to politicians . 
  when it came to voter base ukip has always taken from labour . 
  * not when they were bleeding voters to ukip . 
  * the only party that bled votes to ukip was labour . 
  they go to london , it 's the most visited city in the world . 
  favourite is british for sure . 
  roast dinners , full english breakfests , shepard pie , bangers and mash , curry , fish and chips . 
  i love it all . 
  italian is a close second . 
  least favourite turkish . 
  far too ethnic for my taste . 
  yeah , in the uk the baby boomer generation have very large pensions on average . 
  both my parents individual pension pots are not far off a million # ( 1.3 million euros ) . 
  these pensions are completly ring fenced from cuts by the conservative government , it 's why nearly all old people vote tory . 
  considering the overall position of the spanish economy , spain is very lucky wealthy british retirees have decided en masse to live in their country . 
  we are the second largest contributor to the eu and we get very little benefit in return ( especially in comparison to the largest contributor , germany ) . 
  not to mention we are set to be the largest economic power by far over the course of our lifetime , so the future success of europe very much rests on our shoulders . 
  also not to mention the uk gives the eu a huge amount of diplomatic and cultural influence that the bloc just would n't have without us . 
  i really hope we vote to stay , as without us the eu would be a mere shadow of it 's current self . 
  weird to think back then the brits were saving europe through military means . 
  now we appear to be saving them through economic means !, 
  * lol at the butthurt downvotes . 
  they are oh so glorious *, 
  late to what party ? 
  yes , that 's why i said as we know it . 
  what regular people refer to as the internet is just the world wide web . 
  i hope we do n't vote to leave . 
  if we do i just ca n't see the eu moving into the future as a successful bloc . 
  it will even more rapidly sink into economic malaise and high unemployment . 
  i hope for europe 's sake we vote to remain . 
  well then it is one of the best plans available .
