  he 's already left a significant mark on history . 
  because they 're terrified of acting normally lest they 'll be beaten by male family members, 
  right , again all your own opinions . 
  you have yet to supply any evidence for your outlandish claims . 
  * which again unloads the burden on the receiver to sift through it all to find justification * i think it 's time you take your own advice ... 
   original comment has no evidence and no sources . 
  yes it does . 
  up your game or do n't comment . 
  it 's because it 's american, 
  yeah , but when it come to voting the opinions of people who do n't bother to show up on polling day do n't matter for anything . 
  the only thing that matter is a majority of those who did show up voted to leave . 
  french is a damn fine language to learn . 
  if only it were more useful on a global level . 
  in the uk most people view it as a frivolous intellectual pursuit . 
  the only way it will bring about a united ireland is if the republic rejoins the uk . 
  those are all opinions . 
  if you claim london will no longer be number 1 in europe you need evidence . 
   it does n't seem a wise investment unless factory work would be paid way less than european counterparts it 's likely to be more nuanced than that . 
  factories in that part of england have specialist skills which are hard to find elsewhere , that on top of low corporation tax and already existing jaguar business structures in the country . 
  great news , this is only the start, 
  ** jaguar land rover aims to create 10,000 uk jobs in electric car push ** government investment key to carmaker 's expansion plans . 
  jaguar land rover has challenged the government to invest # 450m in midlands infrastructure , saying it could create 10,000 jobs and build electric cars in the region in return . 
  the carmaker is hoping to take advantage of a government pledge to put battery development and electric vehicles at the heart of its industrial strategy . 
  ralf speth , chief executive of jlr , said the uk faced strong competition from other countries in its drive to become a world leader in electric cars : `` the german government wants to be ahead in this [ electric technology ] . 
  we are in a race . 
  either we win or we lose . '' he told a meeting of political and automotive leaders from the midlands on thursday evening that jlr 's planned midlands expansion would require big improvements in local infrastructure , including an extra 12 to 15 gigawatts of electricity per year . 
  the company would also need extra land for development and `` the right legislative framework '' , mr speth added . 
  jlr would require a further # 600m of private investment , according to a planning document seen by the financial times . 
  greg clark , the business secretary , was at the meeting and said the british government `` could n't be more aligned '' with the car group in its ambitions for electric vehicles . 
  the development of electric cars would be `` one of the big features of the world , and of britain 's industrial policy , during the weeks and months and years ahead '' . 
  jlr 's plans are another shot in the arm to the uk economy 's prospects after the brexit vote , which many predicted would deter companies from committing to investing in the uk . 
  a month ago the japanese carmaker nissan announced it would build two new models at its plant in sunderland , boosting hopes that other carmakers would continue to invest in britain . 
  this week the government pledged an additional # 2bn a year by 2020 to fund research and development , while philip hammond , the chancellor , announced an # 80m boost for electric charging points in his autumn statement . 
  the company confirmed it intended to create 10,000 jobs as part of the planned expansion in the midlands . 
  martin yardley , chief executive of the coventry and warwickshire local enterprise partnership , said the first stage of the expansion could potentially create as many as 100,000 more jobs in the supply chain . 
  jlr 's plans include building test centres and research facilities on a 60-acre site close to its coventry headquarters . 
  in the longer term its more ambitious goal is to build a battery manufacturing plant on a new site that could eventually extend to production lines for electric vehicles . 
  mr speth said jlr , which will manufacture its first electric car -- the jaguar i-pace -- in austria using third-party group magna , wanted to make other electric models in britain . 
  `` we want to build our evs [ electric vehicles ] in the west midlands , in the home of our design and engineering , '' he said . 
  `` this is why we must bring battery r&d and production to the uk . '' britain 's largest carmaker is late to join the fast-developing electric vehicle market , where industry upstart tesla is threatening the position of established carmakers , including jlr . 
  however , jlr believes that its new i-pace will enable it to compete effectively against core rivals such as audi and mercedes . 
  although the batteries for the i-pace are being developed in the uk by jlr and warwick manufacturing group , part of warwick university , they will be manufactured in austria -- close to the production of the vehicle itself . 
  mr speth also said it was important to focus not just on existing battery technology dominated by lithium ion but also on alternative sources in which britain could take a lead . 
  warwick manufacturing group , which was founded by kumar bhattacharyya in the 1980s , has developed lithium ion batteries that have 80 per cent higher energy density than models presently on the market . 
  jlr , which will begin selling the i-pace in 2018 , expects 40 per cent of its car range to have an electric option by 2020 . 
  the area around coventry is a hub for much of the uk automotive industry , with plants for jlr , aston martin , the london taxi company and bmw engines , as well as operations for 1,500 car industry suppliers . 
  annoying scots who likely vote snp ? 
  i like trump more by the day, 
  not my favourite , i do n't read it . 
  i just think it 's important there should be a variety of media outlets to reflect all viewpoints and opinions fairly . 
  suppressing free speech only leads to more problems further down the line . 
  i find it funny so many people think this is a bad thing . 
  it 's just a platform for a set of opinions many people agree with but currently there is no media fairly reporting on them . 
  it ' a huge gap in the market . 
  i for one am glad brietbart is around . 
  what on earth do you mean by that ? 
  you equate living in one of , if not * the * richest and most prosperous city in the world with urinating in an alley late at night ? 
  also for anyone wanting to make their mark on the world, 
  best city in the world, 
  why does this have so few upvotes and comments ? 
  if this had anything to do with the uk/brexit it would be front page . 
  he 's not moving there permanently . 
  he is just going on a speaking tour across the uk . 
  he 's set to earn a boat load of money in the process . 
  boris johnson is a master troll . 
  i ca n't beleive eu officials are falling for it . 
  in terms of job/economic opportunity , cultural impact , societal impact , political impact , sports , fashion , food , universities/education , connections to the world , museums , theatres , art shows , history , wages , financial power of it 's citizens , famous/powerful people . 
  all things accounted for , london and new york always come out on top of the world rankings . 
  no other city is even close . 
  it 's why so many people are desperate to live in either one of the two . 
  they are the only two alpha + + cities in the world . 
  if you 're an ambitious , intelligent person there is no other place to be . 
  we all know london is the greatest city in the world alongside new york, 
  right , but there are multiple organisations and studies which always state different countries are the best , you ca n't take one as gospel when they all claim differently . 
  ha , they 're already coming . 
  i expected it though , anytime i praise the uk on this sub i get downvoted to oblivion . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty . 
  my main source is my uncle who worked in the healthcare industry around europe for 50 odd years . 
  he stated industry experts from around the world acknowledge the nhs model as the best system . 
  no , it 's the uk . 
  the uk offers a much wider array of services than any other . 
  an an example you can get treatment on the nhs on anything from a broken leg to gender reassignment surgery . 
  other countries do n't offer this much . 
  how does britain have the best health care system in the world with consitently lower spending ? 
  huh ? 
  alcohol and cigarettes are drugs, 
   drugs are too expensive , they prefer alcohol and cigarettes anyway you 're either very slow , or a master of satire, 
  damn , anti-eu right wing populism is even surging in sweden . 
  can the eu survive this decade ? 
  let 's be honest , bankers are mostly middle aged men rather than teenage girls , they do n't want to swap london for paris, 
  she 's a babe , i hope she becomes chancellor, 
  good thing britain has the economic strength to handle the turbelence, 
  so that 's why all those eastern europeans want to come here !, 
  he was n't associated with britain first, 
  not suddenly . 
  but western european countries not in the eu do much better than western european countries in the eu . 
   iceland even worse for the federalists, 
   every list topped by the us is an argument in favor of federalization it 's not topped by the u.s, 
  why is irelands wealth per adult much lower than it 's gdp per capita ? 
  are property prices especially low over there or something ?
