  those countries together represent a larger % of the world 's economic activity than the rest of the eu . 
  after that we 'd be in a strong position to start courting china , japan , india etc. 
  yeah , i can see an eu without britain moving sharply away from the us though . 
  britain alway functioned as an effective go between and with the uk no longer than atlantic co-operation may take a hit . 
   a - theoretical - european federation with one economic model , one foreign policy and ( especially ) one army would instantly put the eu into `` superpower '' status , thereby challenging the us . 
  i do n't think so . 
  once the uk leaves the eu will no longer be the largest single market . 
  it will also take a long time to unify the rest of europe under one economic model , foreign policy and military . 
  by the time it is unified , due to growth rates the eu will be a long way behind the us and china . 
  it has the potential to be a very serious global player sure , but not a superpower . 
  it 's a video of a canadian man of black descent stating his negative opinion of the eu . 
   the video did not say that eu citizens do n't want the eu but are forced to be in it against their will ; it said it was a bad idea for other reasons no , the video is arguing the eu is a bad idea . 
  the reason a canadian youtube channel is talking about the eu is they realise the tide of public opinion is turning against it . 
  you do realize scottish voters would have to leave the eu if they leave the uk ? 
  there is nothing risk adverse about the scots lol , 45 % of them voted to leave both the uk and the eu only 2 years ago , this came at a time when their oil reserves were dwindling . 
  the fact so many scots voted for independence was an act of insanity . 
  i argue the eu is both economically stagnant and unpopular with voters . 
  those two are not mutually exclusive . 
  it 's the richest continent in the planet for now , very very soon it wo n't be . 
  farage & co want the eu to collapse because they see it does n't work for the european people . 
   see , i do n't know if it did . 
  it did , i think it 's genuinly accepted across the political divide in the uk that thatcherism brought huge wealth to the country . 
  it 's why thatcher is regularly ranked within the top 5 british prime ministers of all time by academics . 
  when she took over our economy was more akin to what spain is today . 
  now we 're a european powerhouse . 
  yeah , whilst thatcherism generated huge wealth for the uk , it certainly did n't do a good job of spreading it around . 
   if richer countries do n't want to pay for poorer countries you said it yourself , it 's all about what the populations want . 
  the english people do n't mind paying to help out scotland , wales , n. ireland a bit because the english have the money and the english make up the sweeping majority of the uk . 
  if scotland want to be independant , they would have voted for it . 
  if they do truly want independence , they 'll eventually get it ( although i personally do n't think they do , rather only a very vocal minority do ) . 
  the whole point about the eu is it has n't really worked and public opinion is very much turning against it . 
  it happened in the uk , i have a strong feeling it will happen in other countries in the eu as well . 
  keep a close eye on the upcoming elections . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i was referring to poor economic performance in the eu , and in particular the eurozone , over the last 25 years . 
  the uk has been performing well , and exceptionally strongly by eu standards , over the last 25 years . 
  best solution for a car that consistently breaks down ? 
  scrap it, 
  is this which country produces the most billionaires ? 
  or is it showing where billionaires live ? 
  i support this idea . 
  we could then bring ireland into the uk fold . 
  great proposal . 
  45 % upvoted xd the butthurt federalists are out in force today, 
   anyone who is n't named le pen and reached the second turn will win the election why ? 
  why ? 
   i wonder how much of that financial services capacity is capacity that is there because it would be in the eu ? 
  if i recall correctly it 's 6.5 %, 
  yes , which is significantly lower than positive business news like this effecting other countries . 
  wow , nearly 50 % downvoted . 
  this sub is a cesspit of pettiness . 
   do the liberal democrats really serve ? 
  they serve wealthy pro-eu urbanites, 
  vote conservative 2020 !, 
  great news for the uk !, 
  no doubt this will be downvoted by the butthurt federalists, 
   except when the objective of migration is to make the island protestant and pro english yeah , you ca n't just change the definition of words to suit your own political leanings . 
  migration definition : the movement by people from one place to another with the intentions of settling , permanently in the new location . 
  it 's migration , no matter what way you cut it . 
  and it 's a perfectly natural part of human history . 
  catholics do n't have a divine right to ireland . 
  * the butthurt downvotes xd *, 
  why ? 
   moving ethnic english and scots to ireland in order to dilute the ethnic make up of the region migration happens , get over it, 
  yes , i 'm talking about clueless europeans , nearly all from countries poorer and less succesful than the uk , who have no real idea how the world works . 
  not a joke , absolutely true . 
  i 'm one of the most anti-eu people on here and i even voted remain . 
  yes , i think europeans on here harness significant bitterness to the uk where they will downvote anything that includes the uk , even the when it 's the pm stating the obvious . 
  it 's incredibly pathetic to see but it 's the truth . 
   the downvotes are coming from mad brexit boys you 've got to be having a laugh ? 
  the downvote are from european who downvote anything and everything involving the uk . 
  there are next to no `` mad brexit boys '' in this sub . 
  because this sub is full of economically illiterate europeans who hate the uk with a passion, 
  yeah , it 's mental on this sub . 
  op talks absolute negative nonsense about the uk , all of it false , and gets 12 upvotes . 
  the way i see it the majority of posters come from countries much less succesful than the uk . 
  therefore they are willing the uk to fail , often convincing each other that they 're right , despite strong evidence to the contrary . 
   the french on the other hand ... ( libya ) what happened with the french and libya ? 
  oh sorry , i thought you meant in the modern day . 
   and declining does not equal irrelevancy . 
  where does this declining myth come from ? 
  the uk is literally the only european country [ set to grow in relevance over the course of our lifetime . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ), 
  interesting to see how much influence the british parliament has on us foreign policy . 
   the far right parties there is only one far-right party of relevance and that is ukip , and they represent 12 % of the electorate . 
  so you 're bitter because of this tiny voting demographic ? 
   the uk market too becomes less and less relevant all the time actually , [ the uk economy is still larger than france ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) . 
  also , the uk is pretty much the only european economy that 's [ set to grow in relevance over the course of our lifetime . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ) predominatly due to strong population growth and very healthy demographics for an advanced nation . 
  but you know , do n't let facts and statistical evidence get in the way of your agenda pushing . 
  but restaurants have been doing extremly well since the vote , due to the lowering of the pound which has increased tourism , and tourists eat out a lot . 
  maybe it 's because his restaurant are not very good ? 
  so why is he bigging up the queen here lol, 
   what ?? 
  maybe you 're surrounding yourself with the pro-brexit lot a bit too much . 
    seriously , who 's upvoting this shit ? 
  lol , this sub is a massive pro-eu anti-uk circle jerk . 
  european federalists who have next to no knowledge how the real world works are upvoting it . 
  i would n't worry about it , there point of view is only the majority here , not in the real world . 
  is he part british or something ?
