  they succesfully painted the eu as inward looking and anti-globalisation . 
  it 's the same context, 
  i do n't think you quite understand what the term centralised means in a political context . 
   it is also very centralised in what respect ? 
  london top , as to be expected . 
  great to see a variety of uk cities doing well too . 
  i think the brexit vote proved he was n't, 
   rather-nastily telling the entire body there that they 'd underestimated you and then tell them that none of them had worked a day in your life well to be fair , that parliament treated him like a deranged extremist for 20 odd year . 
   but do we really want to let them off that easily ? 
  yes , a stand off does n't benefit anyone, 
  can someone explain to me how well ireland is actually doing ? 
  this link implies they 're doing extremly well , but then [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/a/qwqgm#nfspwoo ) posted the other day implies they 're not really doing that well at all . 
  spain , if you mess with portugal glorious albion will come in to sort you out, 
  none individually , they all tend to measure very specific things . 
  you really need to look at a variety of different measurements and take them all into account to get an idea of what a country is like . 
   some who 've moved to the u.k yeah , there are a huge amount of irish immigrants in london . 
  it 's a bit odd considering how small ireland 's population is and allegedly how economically succesful the country currently is . 
   income per capita per capita measurements are really not a good representation . 
  lol , but ask yourself , why was he invited on tv in the first place ? 
  this is how media and the politics work . 
  as soon as you have a following you are invited for tv interviews etc , which gives you an opportunity to spread your message . 
  you ca n't just blame the media for farage 's popularity , and then not blame the media for the popularity of every other politician in the western world . 
   i suspect it was part viewer numbers from the sheer outrage maybe partly , but i think you 're underestimating how many people agree with farage in rural england . 
  a lot of these figures tend to contradict each other . 
  i ca n't help but feel they 're largely meaningless . 
   can someone explain what 's happening in scotland the oil industry . 
  expect it to change over the coming years . 
  i agree , but i was always under the impression this romanticism of the uk only came from the u.s ? 
  i did n't think europeans feel it to . 
   it was insane watching him get more minutes on air than alex salmond it 's not that insane , considering nationwide he had many more supporters than salmond . 
   also in huge part because woman where is the proof for this ? 
  how do you know she did n't just lose because people prefered sarkozy 's policies ? 
   populists winning in uk and us were n't so much far right trump is just as right as le pen, 
   people were worried . 
  so people are n't worried in france after years of poor economic performance and an onslaught of vicious terrorist attacks ? 
  on balance , i would say the average french citizen has more to fear then the average british or american one . 
   it seems to be more eager to give a voice to every tin-pot loony in europe i think it 's because those tin-pot loonys have won in anglo countries . 
  for a long time everyone just assumed they were tin pot loonys but then they actually won . 
  the anglo-media thinks maybe the same might happen in other eu countries . 
  which tbh i think it is quite likely it will . 
   the victorian era romanticism in the uk is real , at least from the outside what do you mean by this ? 
  i think the uk subreddit is fine . 
  what sentiment are you referring that 's more prevalent there than it is here ? 
  if you look in this thread you 'll see another brit complaining about uk hate in this sub . 
  i 'll paste the comment below * i find it very circle jerky . 
  anything about the uk being bad is up voted and people love it , then anything about the eu being bad or uk being good and it 's down voted and people desperately argue it . 
  * it 's not exactly a secret this sub is absurdly anti-uk , particularly post-brexit . 
   only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  * just a front for the us intelligence services * is that not an absolute lol ? 
  and since when is asking for sources on reddit deemed cool ? 
  we 're all well aware the british/american secret services work very closely together through the [ five eyes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes ) agreement ( along with canada , australia and new zealand ) . 
  it 's described as * `` one of the most comprehensive known espionage alliances in history '' * . 
  but can you justify the claim the uk services are just a front for the u.s ? 
  because that link does n't do so . 
   less circlejerk-y it 's extremly circlejerk-y when it comes to anything about the uk, 
  * i see this sub as an oasis of calm people smoking on pipe . 
  * that 's hilarious . 
  as a brit i see this sub as a mob of aggresive europeans with pitchforks vying for british blood . 
   just a front for the us intelligence services do you have actual proof for this ? 
   how popular is mcdonalds in europe anyways it 's an extremly popular fast-food restaurant across europe, 
   only when they let go of the north who 's holding onto the north ? 
   until thatcher arrived as pm . 
  to be honest , her policies etablished britain as the modern economy it is . 
  prior to her the british economy was in terrible condition , we were often referred to a the sick man of europe . 
  and you 're very intelligent for adhering to an archaic and primative ideology / s, 
   a lot of people think the conservative party are racist 1 ) clearly not because of the amount of people who vote conservative 2 ) even the sweeping majority of labour/green/snp supporters do n't think the conservatives are racist 3 ) the only evidence you 've put forward is an old advertising campaign from a by-gone era you 're going to have to do better than that chuck, 
  what point are you trying to make here ? 
  are you offended the country/this sub does not agree with you ( my orignal comment got an absurd amount of thumbs ) ? 
  you have n't really put forward any idea of subtance other than * hurr durr conservative racist hurr durr *, 
   a lot of people care . 
  clearly not that many people because the party are often considered one of , if not the most succesful in the western world . 
  they also pick up their fair share of ethnic minority votes . 
  i was n't offended , i was simply highlighting his lack of political knowledge and his disdain for the country that had given him a fair shot at life . 
  i spoke about his stupidity , and ironically ended up highlighting yours, 
  what ? 
  so do you concede the point that most people do n't care about an advertising campaign that was ran in a by-gone era ? 
  because you 've seemingly conceded it , but you telling me to not get offended by people calling me racist runs against that train of thought ? 
   a lot of people do no , they really do n't . 
  i 'm sure there are a few people on the hard left with a chip on their shoulder , but the majority do n't care at all . 
  * the conservative party 's domination of british politics throughout the 20th century has led to them being referred to as one of the most successful political parties in the western world . 
  * the above quote is taken from the party 's wikipedia page . 
  most people clearly do n't care about one random advertising campaign lol considering they consistently vote the tories into power . 
   they will always be seen that way clearly not , as they are currently in government and won a majority at the last election . 
  you may have a chip on your shoulder because of an old avertising campaign from a different time and era , but most people do n't care . 
   but we had enough of these `` could it fall apart ? '', 
  questions , as we all know the answer , we all know the situation , and this article does n't bring anything new to the table what ? 
  i 've seen very few well written articles on the possibility of the eu falling apart , which examine multiple sources of evidence , particularly post-brexit and the italy referendum . 
  and anyway , this is the europe sub after all , surely here of all places is where they should be shared ? 
   it seems like bbc is joining the clickbait shitposting . 
  i mean , after everything that has gone on recently and all the upcoming european elections , it is certainly a possibility . 
  would yoou rather outlets not write about it to protect your feelings ? 
   more probable situation and interesting question is : not really , the uk is a high wage , advanced , english speaking economy . 
  will it fall apart ? 
  a more accurate question is will it see sluggish economic growth over an extended peroid of time ? 
  for that we will have to wait and see . 
  the eu falling apart , would have huge global and geo-political consequences . 
  to completly cast the possibility aside , after all that has gone on , is foolish . 
  yeah , i am glad the uk is leaving , but i 've never actually imagined the eu disappearing entirely . 
  when on earth is that from ? 
  i 'm not talking about historical narrative , i 'm talking about the modern conservative party .
