  no , the guy who posted that is on this sub posting negative stuff about the uk all the time , he 's been doing so for years . 
  there 's very rarely any truth to what he says . 
  no lol ? 
  one is a geographical location , the other is a political institution . 
   dude your on a eu sub saying that is like saying this is a sub about the continent of europe . 
  it is not an eu sub . 
  yawn more baseless uk hate, 
  lol, 
  completley depends what areas of economic activity the uk chooses to focus on and what trade deals it signs in the future, 
   the uk will be like 20-25 % poorer than the rest of western/northern europe , which is significant and will be visible . 
  also some eastern european country will come quite close to the uk , so the uk might be economically closer to eastern and southern europe lmao . 
  you really need to get off this sub and spend some time out in the real world if you genuinly believe that ( although tbh i do n't think you genuinly beleive it , i think you just say it as you know it will get you upvotes on this sub ), 
   but it makes london less attractive for certain kinds of business . 
  but opens up the opportunity for it to become more attractive to other businesses, 
  what 's going on in luxembourg ? 
  lmao, 
   holy shit he owns the telegraph ? 
  he does n't, 
  wish they did this prior to our referendum, 
   why not ? 
  because the people do n't want it, 
  never knew britain spent that much on defence back in 1990 !, 
   seeing the education system and politics actually following through with that ideal is maddening . 
  how do you mean ? 
   because women are disadvantaged under a patriarchal system . 
  elevating them = equality . 
  it also eliminates male issues by proxy . 
  do some reading . 
  no they 're not . 
  they are benefitted and disadvantaged in different ways . 
  men make up the sweeping majority of suicides , work place deaths , crime victims etc. 
  women face other challenges and both need to be addressed . 
  the idea that feminism is the solution to gender inequality is nonsensical . 
  then why does every feminist claim it 's a movement for equality ? 
   that word , i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  i know what the dictionary definition is . 
  my point is it 's not a movement for gender equality , as it ignores very important issues . 
  it 's a one sided , anti-male pressure group . 
  that 's what everyone thought about the uk a year ago ... 
   they yes for scotland independence got 44.7 % of the votes , before brexit !, 
  yep , when the movement reached an astonishing head of steam , against a very weak pro-union campaign , at a time the entire country bought the absurd oil forecasts put forward by the snp . 
  polls suggest support for independence have not increased , that 's why sturgeon has n't called one yet . 
  why is this guy still only the likely eu ambassador ? 
  why has one not been appointed yet ? 
   do n't care , did laugh , have a nice evening my brittish friend . 
  british , 
  if you take away scotland and northern ireland due to minority independence movements then i take away france , denmark and the netherlands from the eu . 
  let 's see how the eu keep going without them xd, 
  lol , i meant numbered !, 
  your teacher is pretty spot on . 
  you wo n't get the impression in this sub ( as this sub is mostly hard-left pro-eu teenage federalists ) but the eu is dying . 
  its day are numbered . 
  google the eu performance yourself chuck , 
  i think i 'll trust the [ financial times ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/fa1490f2-f909-11e6-bd4e-68d53499ed71 ) over the telegraph xd, 
  it is now !, 
  great british look !, 
   is n't he british though ? 
  yes , aswell as scottish . 
  scotland is in britain . 
  it 's amazing how it has n't stopped anyone from wanting to come here, 
  yeah , it 's not like our economy has continued to outperform the eu xd, 
  lmao the eu is looking more and more petty by the day, 
  it seems far from certain that you would be better off in the long term being economically tied to england as opposed to being economically tied to the european union . 
  at the moment trade with the eu is as open as trade with the uk is ... 
  yet we still trade four times more with them than with every other eu country combined . 
  if we have the choice between the uk 's market and the eu 's , we would choose the uk 's by an order of a magnitude . 
  as someone who voted remain , if we leave the uk i will absolutely vote against rejoining the eu - as it would be hugely important for an independent scotland to keep it 's economic ties with the uk . 
  in the short term it does suck for scotland to lose a lot of exports , but that can be adjusted to by refocusing to other markets . 
  if the market you 're selling to becomes poorer , there 's no way around that . 
  it 's not just a question of refocusing other markets . 
  if that were feasible would n't we have done that already ? 
  the reason we have n't is because it would be a significant downgrade vs our current opportunities . 
  here 's a graph of our largest companies ( by share capitalisation ) . 
  standard life , the third largest , has less than 10 % of its uk customer base in scotland . 
  rbs embraced the bad press last referendum and made it clear that they 'd have to move their hq if we left the uk . 
  they 're too reliant on uk business to do otherwise . 
  the others ( sse , aggrego and cairn ) are all in the energy industry . . 
  which is very reliant on our links to the uk . 
  scotland 's energy supply , taken alone is hugely unstable . 
  a huge amount of the uk 's renewable energy subsidies from westminster and the eu go to projects in scotland ( for things like wind , we 're talking ~ 66 % of the subsidies in an area holding ~ 9 % of the population ) . 
  this means that we massively need the uk for baseload energy ( we 've blocked any new nuclear plants being built here ) and that our strongly performing renewables industry is very reliant on government subsidies . 
  will the scottish government be able to increase its spending on subsidies by several times ? 
  will the uk government be fine with us exporting such large amounts of intermittent power without issue , despite their renewables sector growing fast when those subsidies stop coming north of the border ? 
  will those three huge companies in the energy industry continue investing north of the border when the subsidies are now only available south of it ? 
  weir group are o&g . i doubt they 'll be investing too much in the future ( beyond decommissioning infrastructure ) . 
  in what ways are england and wales economically competitive with the rest of the world , which are n't ruined by brexit ? 
  perhaps i 'll regret asking , but how bad do you really think that the brexit ` hit ' is going to be ? 
  we 're currently forecast to grow at 2 % this year ( that 's been corrected upwards three or four times now ) and then 1.6 and 1.7 % in 2018 and 2019 respectfully . 
  inflation is forecast to peak at 2.7 % ( closer to the boe 's target rate than it was before the referendum ) and unemployment is forecast to rise to 5.0 % some time in 2018 . 
  for comparison , france is forecast to grow at ~ 1.4 % this year and that 's considered to be reasonable for its gdp ( not great , but definitely not bad ) , so even if the uk misses its forecasts , it 'll have to miss by a large amount to be ` ruined ' . 
  you just got rekt xd, 
   soft contact lenses -- otto wichterle god bless you, 
  those are both american not british !, 
  it 's more about acknowledging reality . 
  i mean , do you deny any of what i said ? 
  the french workforce strikes significantly more than most workforces in other advanced countries . 
  and i 've worked with team in france before , it 's imposible to get anything done in august as they 're all off . 
  computers , the world wide web , trains , football , telephones, 
   churchill 's second term ? 
  the suez crisis ?
