  just like churchill was, 
  yeah , i always thought rugby should have more of a foothold in eastern europe/russia . 
  it 's only really popular in georgia in that part of the world . 
  hello !, 
  must be from all the investment flooding into the east !, 
   but those are simply the default terms for anyone outside the eu/eea yes , and that reasoning is absolute nonsense . 
  yeah !, 
  very big in france , i believe it 's the second most popular sport after football . 
  threatening harsh trade terms with britain for leaving a political union , forceing freedom of movement on an entire continent , merkel allowing millions of undocumented muslims into the continent ( with the support of eu officials ) with other countries having absolutely no say , being very economically protectionist and offering very poor trade terms with other countries around the world , locking the south of the continent into economic misery by forcing them to keep a currency which significantly disadvantages them and favours germany , trying to paint anyone in the continent who opposes the eu political project as an extremist , forceing a political union on the continent without getting democratic consent etc. 
  the list goes on and on !, 
  damn , the uk dominates the service economy, 
  this is the american 's we 're talking about . 
  not the french loool, 
  very impressed with the spanish since the brexit vote . 
  they 're one of the only countries on the continent who have responded to the result with dignity !, 
  yeah , the eu needs to realise the uk does not actually want to do any of this . 
  but if they want to play hardball with us , we 'll play right back . 
   but then the eu can refuse to speak to him the eu is nowhere near strong enough to start rejecting ambassadors from the largest economy in the world whilst simultaneously threatening to give the uk a poor trading arrangement which would damage the eu economy significantly . 
  even without these additional headaches , the eu is struggling to stay afloat as it is . 
   darn , i do n't understand the uk and the usa stances lately . 
  you fail to see how any of it is a reaction to the eu being unreasonable ? 
  incorrect . 
  * `` ambassadors are nominated by the president and confirmed by the u.s. 
  senate . 
  [ 2 ] an ambassador can be appointed during a recess , but he or she can only serve as ambassador until the end of the next session of congress unless subsequently confirmed . 
  [ 3 ] ambassadors serve `` at the pleasure of the president '' , meaning they can be dismissed at any time . 
   has the eu ever rejected an ambassador on the basis of representing his government 's views ? 
  no , it 's not in their power to do so . 
  yeah , the scotland ireland result has made the opening weekend very interesting, 
  will do !!!, 
  although let me just make it clear , i 'm not saying he will 100 % be the ambassader as he has not been appointed yet . 
  but the eu has no power on whether he 's appointed or not . 
  i 'm worried about this . 
  as much as i now dislike the eu , i do n't want it to crumble and collapse into nothing . 
  but that is begining to look like a very realistic possibility !, 
  england marches on !, 
  yeah sorry but that 's not how it work . 
  you just linked an article with ' . eu ' at the end , of course it 's going to be biased . 
  the eu has no power on who trump appoints , no matter how much they scream and shout about it . 
   you really think the eu is going to accept an ambassador that 's not how it works, 
  this could spell serious trouble for the europhiles, 
   monolingual anglo-saxons should go and learn few more languages why on earth would we go and waste time learning languages ? 
  all we need is english :d, 
  what maniacs are fluent in 9 languages !, 
  great game , very interesting result, 
  ha yeah , this sub is absolutely mental , full of terrorist sympathisers, 
  lol , a german lobbying group predict jobs moving to germany ( in an attempt to convince people to move ) , shock horror . 
  alan turing was a brilliant man . 
  he did more than any other individual in beating nazi germany by cracking enigma . 
  he also created the first modern computer . 
  if anyone has n't seen it , watch imitation game !, 
  think they tend to seek the council of farage rather than merkel, 
   gunned down 26 unarmed civilians , loss of innocent life is always a tragedy . 
  if you the murder of innocents justifies the murder of more innocents ( most of which were your countrymen ) than i suggest you take a long hard look at yourself in the mirror . 
  the irish terrorists, 
   no one died many people died at the hands of these thugs . 
  mostly innocent irish citizens . 
   they did n't kill anyone . 
  conversation ends here . 
  you have absolutely no idea of the history of your own country and the very `` freedom fighters '' you idiolise . 
  absolutely not . 
  i am not like you . 
  i do n't condone murdering innocents or terrorism in any situation !, 
  yeah , this sub never ceases to amaze me . 
  condoning the murdering of innocent people by terrorists is a step i did n't think / r/europe would ever go to . 
  i just feel bad for all the innocent irish people that were brutally murdered by irish terrorism, 
  no , they killed innocent people . 
  anyone who thinks this is `` cool '' should feel sick to their stomoch and their own warped view of reality . 
  i 'm sure plenty of young kids in this middle east think isis are `` cool '' and should `` be proud '' for taking a stand against the west . 
  yes , that was the once case i was referring to !, 
  how did you not understand this ? 
  this comes at a very important time , only this week an irish republican terrorist was found guilty of planning an attack . 
  i hope the uk and irish government work together to stamp this disgusting extremist movement out of existence , it 's as bad as isis . 
  yeah , only really the odd incident . 
  thank god our security services are so strong . 
  could n't imagine living in a country that ca n't get islamic facism under control !, 
  disgraceful act of terrorism putting lives at risk . 
  anyone who condones this or any irish who think it 's `` cool '' should be ashamed of themselves . 
   just big muslim areas with sharia patrols and young girls getting abused by muslim men all over the place those are a couple of very isolated news stories that you seem to have applied to the country at large . 
  no , as they 're nowhere near a numerous and we have n't had a major attack in over 10 years !, 
  it 's more about taking a no nonsense stance to this murderous ideology rather than nitpicking specific details ... 
  the more attack like this i see , the more glad i am i live in the uk, 
  yeah , a western military power with open borders and a muslim population running at 10 % is bound to cause problems . 
  trump is right ... 
   certainly , but other countries recovered much faster than we did . 
  we had a very delayed recovery . 
  because it was a global financial crash and the uk economy depends much more on finance than other countries . 
  i think it was mostly due to the financial crisis in 08, 
  well , look at the timeline for the graph . 
  i think the uk 's performance is largely down to the financial crisis . 
   why would anyone believe you ? 
  i 'm a rich young londoner , i did n't deem it worth the economic risk to leave the eu . 
  although now we have voted to leave i 'm not too fussed . 
  in regards to clinton , she was a very flawed candidate ( as many people know ) but her domestic economic and energy policies were much better than trumps . 
  but believe what you want . 
  do n't let reality get in the way of your bizarre tirade xd, 
   i am so tired of the delusion typed one-handed by brexiteers and trump supporters that they were the righteous warriors of a noble cause . 
  i voted remain and if i was american i would have voted for clinton . 
  they 've over doubled their forecast from what it originally was . 
  i would n't be suprised if they upgrade it again at a later date , so it is fantastic news indeed .
