  if one left-wing eu leader decides to take in millions of africans , the rest of the eu just has to grit their teeth and accept that many will end up in many different countries . 
  whereas the uk is out of that . 
   either that or muslims become a majority in the uk they 'll be the majority on the mainland long before the uk, 
  thanks for that emmanuel !, 
  now get back to licking merkel 's boot xd, 
   i do n't understand how it is n't . 
  hip , cheap , germany ... because nobody wants to speak german , also high taxation . 
  lol fucking hell i am always filled with confidence in the uk when i see all these different maps . 
  we always do very well by nearly all metrics . 
   but i have a strong feeling you are pushing an agenda here . 
  my agenda is making an accurate prediction based off all the hard data we have . 
  if this upsets you and/or goes against your world view then that 's your own problem chuck . 
  incorrect . 
  data science can do amazing things and population forecasts is one of them . 
  there are a number of variables when looking at long term population trends , but of course these are calcuated in by the experts . 
  also , 2100 is n't 100 years away . 
  it 's not really that wild to speculate if that speculation is based off hard data . 
  looking at native birthrates and long standing migration trends we can get a somewhat accurate picture of future population sizes . 
  of course there are many variables involved which all have the potential to alter the final figures , but these would be calculated into the margin of error . 
  yes , global growth in population will mostly be in asia . 
  but the map in question is of europe , which is what we 're talking about here . 
   does climate change cause france and germany to flood , or is someone planning to invade mainland europe ? 
  neither , but their growth prospects are n't as strong . 
  in fact germany 's long term prospects are very bleak . 
   i do n't buy it mate . 
  what do n't you buy ? 
  the uk 's strong long term population growth forecasts or the assumption that this will lead to strong long term economic growth ( which is nearly always the case for advanced countries ) ? 
  when it comes to advanced countries , population size is a very accurate determiner for the size of the economy , although of course there will always be some variation . 
  i 'm assuming you mean brexit by your final comment ? 
  i hope you have the foresight to see by 2100 the uk leaving the eu will be a footnote in the history pages of the 21st century . 
  the short-mid length growth prospects for the uk are n't great , but i would be very suprised if the uk is n't the largest european economy by 2100 ( assuming russia does n't get their shit together by then , but that is possible too ) . 
  gon na be interesting to see the uk becoming europe 's largest economy as germany slowly but surely loses prominence . 
   french troops were fighting to cover the british escape and p\u00e9tain signed the armistice more than 3 weeks after the last british soldier left northern france . 
  yes , but the government had already effectively collapsed before that . 
  i would hope the french were fighting to cover the brits , the brits risked their neck to go over there and fight with france only for france to fold within weeks . 
  would have been a massive kick in the teeth if the french did n't even bother to help them get away to fight another day . 
   i 'm saying this is not a stretch to understand his reasoning , at the time britain was the country who got crushed like the others when facing germany not really , britain transported troops in france , the french government then surrendered within six weeks and the british army found itself in enemy territory . 
  it was never as hopeless for britain . 
  it looked unlikely britain would mount a succesful invasion of nazi europe on its own , but the fact remained hitler never looked like he could mount an invasion of the british isles . 
  first he would have needed control of the air , which he didnt have , and second he needed control of the english channel , which he did n't have . 
  after the royal air force delivered sizeable damage to the lufftewaffe in the battle of britain it became imposible for him . 
   but if alternate history happened , would you want nazi germany being the sole power , or the soviet union ? 
  neither, 
  hm , maybe it used to be then ? 
  i remember reading somewhere australia 's was bigger . 
  but the main point still stands , russia are weak economically . 
   i study their cases , then their colleagues ' cases oh please come off it . 
  you do n't study individual reports compiled by researchers and then compare and analyse them . 
  you just read the opinons of other people who have done so and then support the side that 's broadly aligned to your political philosophy . 
   a multipolar world , when done right , would most likely lead to peace , multipolar worlds nearly always lead to war . 
  the world is most stable when there 's one dominant power ( pax-americana , pax-britannica , pax-romana ) . 
  russia 's economy is smaller than australia . 
  it has n't been any sort of counterweight to the west since the 1980s . 
  it 's doubtful it ever will be again . 
  right , so how do you explain experts who have opposing opinions ? 
  no as in the example is what you have been arguing in this text , so asking for an example is redundant and nonsensical . 
  i understand `` example '' is shorthand for give me an example lol . 
  keep up the english lessons chuck , 
  no it 's not . 
  just because they research in their day job does n't mean that research has anything to do with politics . 
  in fact it almost exclusively does n't . 
  their opinion is mostly based on the fact the eu takes tax payer money and gives grants to scientists . 
  is english your first language ? 
  just to let you know , your response to my comment here does n't really make sense , 
   the scientist does n't have extra weight . 
  his opinion is referred to so many times that it give the impression of extra weight . 
  they do amongst remainers . 
  they 've always held up the fact lot of scientists and academics support remain over leave . 
  there 's articles popping up focusing on this all the time . 
  my point is we should n't give their opinions more weight than the rest of the populous . 
   teachers are vilified by the right wing . 
  no they 're not . 
  creeping left wing bias in educational institutions are rightfully criticised by the political right , not individual teachers . 
   experts told british people that their country was too irrelevant and weak to go it alone . 
  i do n't think any expert claimed this . 
  i mean , the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world . 
  by that logic 195 odd countries are too weak and irrelevant to by independant ( pretty much all of them are independant ), 
   then should we fire all of consultants that take part in brexit negotiations on either side ? 
  should we not allow lawyers to be politicians ? 
  how have you jumped from giving scientist 's political opinions extra weight to this ? 
   if a scientist says something you do n't like it does n't mean it 's driven by political agenda . 
  what !? 
  are you trying to claim when a scientist gets involved in politics by putting forward political opinions , it 's not driven by their a political agenda ? 
   how exactly does the uk not value facts and scientists ? 
  yeah , bizarre claim to make when the uk has the best the best educational institutes and scientists in europe . 
   could we have civilized debates here and not act like teenagers . 
  how on earth can we have a civilised debate if one side assumes anyone who disagrees with them is part of some far-right online movement ? 
  if someone makes a foolish point , i 'll respond in a foolish way . 
   i love how the neoliberal eu i do n't think you quite know what neoliberal means . 
  as an institution the eu does not favour free market capitalism , it favours regulation and protectionism . 
  portugal has a better rep than the uk and france ? 
  i call bs, 
   scientists are telling ` stay in the eu ' why should we give precedence to the political opinions of scientists over other people ? 
   there are us altright 's trolling swarms clicking down anything which is negative towards brexit , critical to the usa ... hurr durr anyone that disagrees with my hard-left pro-eu opinions is alt-right hurr durr, 
  jesus , the anti-us hyperbole coming from the left-wing media is really ramping up a gear now . 
   we have no idea , because either ( a ) they have n't told us or ( b ) members of the government have made contradictory statements . 
  yeah , it 's a democracy and people have different views chuck , and the specifics of future trading arrangement wo n't be made clear in the way you want them to until we 've actually left the eu because under eu law we 're not allowed to negotiate them . 
   china in nominal gdp is a beast , and you treat it as such when doing business . 
  but per capita is a different story yes , but this is n't a map about living standards in those countries etc. 
  no where does it claim it is .
