  it 's not that bold as i used the words ` anything has the potential to be ' . 
  eu did n't become the biggest and richest marketplace , it 's net aggregate of countries already was . 
  this was n't a grand achievment by the eu , it was an achievment of european countries before the eu was formed . 
  since then it has rapidly lost its economic lead to the u.s and china . 
  once the uk leaves , it will no longer be the largest and richest market . 
   france 's healthcare system is ranked by the who as one of the best in the world there we go , it ' not the best . 
  everyone can afford to go to universities , no matter what some on the far left tell you . 
  they give you loans to go and you do n't start paying back until you 're in the workplace and earning over a certain amount . 
  it 's paid as a small tax and is relatively easy to pay back . 
  they favour anglo-american ones as they offer the best education , suck to be you i guess . 
  i agree u.s unequality is high , hence me saying not all countries are perfect . 
  but provided you have a brain and ambition you fall on the right side of the fence . 
   many of the people that voted for trump or brexit have lived through the `` golden age '' of the 50s and 60s i think the golden age of the 50s and 60s only applies to america . 
  britain was in absolute ruins at that time . 
  yes , but he 's currently the interim leader of ukip as the new one stepped down after 18 days . 
  but he was an official advisor to donald trump over the course of his campaign for the white house and also spoke at one of his rallies . 
  it 's very possible trump will offer him a position of some sort . 
  farage stated he wants to be trumps man in europe . 
  sweden is worse than france for this surely ? 
  never said they were heavens , but they 're undoubtedly succesful countries . 
   you do n't need anyone else what are you talking about ? 
  i never said anything about countries needing each other or not . 
  it 's not me thinking britain and the u.s are more succesful than france , the facts very much prove it . 
  if it makes you feel better you can always ignore the facts though . 
   most generous health care system in the world , free universities and a far better wealth spread debatable about the health system , much much worse universities and less net wealth . 
  just because you would n't leave france does n't mean france is more succesful , plenty of people stay in shitty countries despite having the opportunity to leave ( not saying france is shitty by any means , but just an example ) . 
  on one side yes . 
  on the other global domination , most succesful businesses , cultural domination , relatively safe from terrorism . 
  young french left wingers may dislike the anglos , but the older more experienced right wing voters know britain and america are great countries . 
  different to france , but great in their own way . 
  and anything has the potential to be more appealing than staying in the stagnant , messy eu . 
  that 's just how the french come to terms with tthe fact the british and the americans are more succesful than them . 
  deep down they know both britain and american are fantastic countries . 
  it 's impossible to tell . 
  the last time this happened the west became absurdly rich whilst the rest of the world suffered ( imperialism ) . 
   how this nwo would differ from what we have now ? 
  anti-eu , pro-russia , lower taxes , anti-migration , pro-enterprise . 
  yeah i do n't disagree with that . 
  i 'm more talking about the platform they stood on to get elected . 
  but the exact same thing happened in britain with brexit . 
  right wing populism , driven by white working class voters , is surging across the western world . 
  these are the people who have continiously lost the industries that have supported their towns whilst simultaneously being derided in the media as a bunch of idiots . 
  you ca n't be so obtuse to think this is just people wanting to victimize themselves can you ? 
  they 've been ignored for years and they 're starting to fight back . 
  i 'm not saying she 's anti-male ( as that would mean she is anti all men ) or anti-white ( as that would mean she is anti all whites ) but she is anti white working class men . 
  the whole establishment she 's apart of is , trump 's rise was in part a retaliation to this . 
  the political movement she is apart of is anti-white working class male . 
   brexit is showing signs of never happening it 's really not at all . 
  it 's an extremely complicated process which will take a lot of time and energy , but you have your head in the clouds if you think it may never happen . 
  they both were . 
  but the type of regressive intolerence hilary is ok with ( anti white working class male ) has been around for a lot longer , in part trump 's rise was a reaction to it . 
  there is definatly regressive leftism in western politics , to deny it is to deny reality . 
  corbyn in the uk and hilary standing on an anti-white working class male platform ( which ended up denying her the white house ) . 
   because a majority ( 60 % + ) is against leaving the eu but in favor of a referendum . 
  i remember a couple years ago a substantial majority of brits were against leaving the eu but in favour of a referendum ... 
  not necessarily anti-nato , that 's more of an american thing . 
  the british right are pro-nato . 
  brexit managed it . 
  trump very nearly did . 
  not a case of having stupid voters . 
  it 's a case of having working class voters who feel let down by the system . 
   to be fair , polls are usually right in the predicted order of the candidates/parties in france because we do n't use the same `` method '' that anglo-saxons do to make polls . 
  they said the exact same about the us election after brexit . 
  all the american polling companies claimed they used a different method to the british ones and that there was no way they could get it wrong in the same way . 
  and frauke petry in germany , absolute babe, 
  the uk does , which england contributes the sweeping majority of the medals to . 
  which finished in second place above china at the last olympics . 
   the thing with brexit and trump is that it was always close in the polls no it was n't . 
  brexit was never close in the polls . 
  all reputable places gave remain a comfortable lead , to the point markets starting soaring on the day of the vote before the result was even called . 
  trump was behind in the polls nearly the whole time , at times he was miles behind . 
  it was n't until the week or so before the vote it began to stay close . 
  anyway , you should n't trust the polls after what 's happened this year . 
  people who are likely to vote front national will go undetected by polling companies based in the big cities . 
  i do n't know man . 
  everyone said brexit would never happen in a million years , then it did . 
  everyone said trump would never happen in a million years , then it did . 
  le pen in france is extremely possible . 
  she is riding the exact same wave of right-wing populism . 
  it could be even more pronounced in france due to the wave of terror attacks and sluggish economic growth the country has seen . 
  electing le pen wo n't really carry the fear of the unknown anymore . 
  front national could easily present it as an opportunity for france to join the new world order with britain and america , a position that is arguably more attractive than staying in the eu/eurozone . 
  the british and american right would welcome this with open arms . 
  always assume support for this wave of populism is much higher than the polls indicate . 
  * i feel that it is up to us to start a grassroots pan-european movement to counteract the message of fear and divisiveness * how exactly ? 
  the reason populism is rising is becaue the current system does not work very well for native working class communities . 
  the only way to change this is via policy over a long peroid of time . 
  oh wow , you 've believed the anti-brexit left wing circle jerk . 
  [ educate yourself here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) . 
  unlucky kiddo , even after brexit the uk is still ahead !, 
  have fun cowering in the german shadow . 
  both !, 
  pretty embarrassing for france considering we have a smaller population , a larger gdp and a stronger military . 
  not to mention stronger dipolomatic ties to a network of wealthy english speaking countries around the world through the five eye agreement . 
  sorry frenchie , the last time your country was relevant was under napolean , which we brits put an end to . 
  we then proceeded to save you in two world wars xd the words you 're looking for are thank you . 
   that 's why you are calling back napoleon 's memory ? 
  napolean does not have any direct relevance to the empire . 
  we fought and beat him in a middle peroid when our first empire had collapsed and our second had n't really begun . 
  little we have ?
