   i am saying that the brits are unaware of how their empire persecuted others , and how they are perceived across the globe . 
  hang on a minute . 
  you started out arguing brits still think they 're a colonial power , and now you 're arguing brits do n't know anything about their colonial history ? 
  how can we still think we 're a colonial power if we were never aware we were one ? 
  * both of them were totalitarian regimes designed at exterminating a race of people for their own purposes . 
  * not at all . 
  the british empire did some horrible stuff , but it was princably a capitalist venture concered with turning a profit . 
  nazi germany wanted to exterminate a race of people , which the brits never wanted to do . 
  most ranking systems say it 's either london or new york ( only two alpha + + cities ) , most state london has edged new york in recent years . 
   shows how little an average brit knows about the crimes committed by the empire . 
  you wo n't see an average german not know anything about the nazis . 
  lol , so first you 're complaining brits still think the empire is around and that they 're at the centre of the world , and now you 're complaining brits do n't know enough about the british empire ? 
  very sloppy comparison . 
  comparing a specific term in relation to one part of the british empire against what the entire german empire was known as . 
  a fair comparison would be how many german 's have heard of the nazis compared to how many have heard of the british empire . 
  i would imagine the numbers are similar . 
  * that could apply to other countries as well . 
  for a nyer , ny is the center of his world . 
  but you wo n't see the same condescension that a brit shows towards the world . 
  * actually , new yorkers are famous for acting like they 're the centre of the world and being condescending . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/4d/steinberg_new_yorker_cover.png ) is a famous new yorker cover satirising the issue . 
   how can you possibly explain brexit then ? 
  immigration, 
   most brits i know either have no opinion of the raj or a positive one , and they still think the uk to be the center of the world . 
  genuinly had to google `` the raj '' to find out what it was . 
  because the uk is the centre of * their * world . 
  also , living in london it 's pretty easy to feel like you 're in the centre of the world . 
  i highly doubt if you go to somewhere like sunderland they feel like they 're at the centre of anything . 
   the uk is probably the most crowded country on the planet , with only cities like tokyo and new york coming close . 
  silly to compare countries against cities , but yes the uk a crowded country . 
  but it 's more that public services/housing could n't keep up with the very fast population growth , rather than a lack of physical space . 
   wait few months while eu absolutely dismantles london city financial tradings . 
  we 've been waiting since the vote, 
  it means exactly what i think it means , 5th largest economy out of 200 odd . 
  * they act as if they 're still a colonial power * as a brit , i 've got to say , we do n't . 
  this is something projected onto us in online left-leaning internet forums that has no basis in reality , and to be honest , it 's very confusing . 
  it seems to me the only people living in the past of the british empire are other europeans . 
   tl ; dr could n't read *, 
  london overtook new york in the early 00s, 
  well it 's true . 
  in all honesty that 's the number 1 reason the uk voted to leave the eu , we just could n't handle the numbers . 
  i mean , there are hordes of young men camping in calais risking their lives to get into the uk , when they could easily stay in france . 
  * the uk wants all of the benefits of being an eu member , without being an eu member . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  * * the latest deal with canada involves free trade and free movement of people plus other reciprocal relations . 
  * * the uk wants free trade without free movement . 
  it 's not possible because it undermines all eu members that actually uphold these principles . 
  * * the uk is being a huge cunt by even trying to ask for these things . 
  * there are so many mistakes here it 's palpable . 
  you 're either wilfully ignorant or you 're english langauge skills are just not very good . 
  it could be to do with quality of higher education on offer as well . 
  a degree from a british university is worth more than one from a german one . 
  same situation in uk, 
  uk educated, 
  * and now look at me * 5th largest economy in the world , number 1 city in the world , leads the world in finance , some of the best literature , music and television , very low unemployment , people all over europe desperate to live here . 
  oh no the horror !!, 
  * ha wow , downvotes for truth , stay classy yurop *, 
  it is , people with mental health issues just overcomplicate it, 
   dominatrix lul wut, 
  you did n't bring any facts lol just an incorrect opinion xd, 
  lol eu bitter , jealous , crazy ex xd, 
   the problem is that swinging door hitting you and us on your way out . 
  be a man , take the hit and get back up, 
   it was n't in the minds of whitehall who gleefully took up the phrase `` empire 2.0 '' in relation to trade deals with the commonwealth i suppose what whitehall officials were running around using the term `` empire 2.0 '' ? 
   the eu is quite clear that you ca n't have free trade with the eu without upholding eu membership responsibilities . 
  yeah sorry bud but you do n't really have no idea what you 're talking about, 
   brits really do n't have a sense of humour these days . 
  there seems to be more salty europeans in here than brits tbh, 
   that said , most other top languages are becoming more important not really , the only other language notably gaining in influence is mandarin, 
  english music is way better than greek lol, 
  please deconstruct in detail how the uk did n't stand against hitler for the first days of the war ( which only started as britain declared war on hitler ), 
   to stop the ` uk stood against hitler from the first days of war ' narrative why do you want to stop that narrative ? 
  it 's true, 
  yeah , in terms of blood cost the russians did do more than the brits . 
  but the brits did more in terms of intel ( enigma ) and time ( only power to fight nazi germany right from the start , fought them alone for a year ) . 
  but my comment was that he did more * as an individual * , which i think he did as he rallied the 3 major powers together and was also very influential in dragging america into the european theatre . 
  he was also a staunch anti-nazi in british politics across the 1930s , at a time when the mainstream opinion was appeasement . 
  * in before poles cracked enigma *, 
   and killed millions by doing so you do n't overthrow a facist empire without ruffling a few feathers, 
  yes i am, 
  she 's not representative, 
  the man who did more than any other to topple the nazi regime, 
  yes and conservative remain voters . 
  i 'm representative of conservative remain voters, 
   do you always just shrug your shoulders and hope for the best ? 
  that 's the only way to live my son, 
  the eu is going backwards more , it 's now in a situation where it wants to punish members for leaving . 
  it 's soviet union-esque . 
  the eu should tred carefully in regards to brexit , if they purposefully look for negotiations to break down in order to inflict damage on both the uk and itself , it will be signing its own death warrant . 
  tory voters who voted remain are sticking with the tories . 
  * we 'll see about that . 
  * can confirm , i 'm a conservative remain voter and i 'm voting for may . 
  so are most people i know . 
  there is no other real option . 
  agreed , eu bureaucrats have been acting abominably , mainly thinking about junker , tusk and their ilk . 
  they want brexit talks to break down and fail so the process inflicts mass damage on all involved . 
  they want this so they can point to it and say `` see look , no one else can dare leave '' . 
  if a political institution starts punishing members for leaving , it 's signing its own death warrant . 
  public opinion will turn against it sooner or later . 
   despite all the craziness of the campaign , if you think this campaign has been crazy , you would have been traumatised by brexit .
