  i 'm skeptical india will remain on its current growth trajectory , if it does n't britain will likely take the third spot . 
  although of course it 's very hard predicting this far into the future , all signs look good for the uk . 
  could this be the start of the italian exit from the eu ? 
  i always thought it would be france after the uk , but who knows anymore . 
  the french will always be welcome in our wonderful country, 
  not for me at all . 
  although many people wanted our government to have control of the number . 
  which is n't really too much to ask . 
   and i think the fairly slow and subtle decline of the uk as a global power there was nothing slow or subtle about it . 
  the uk 's global empire collapsed within a few years of ww2 , the entire country was bankrupt . 
  it went from being * the * global super power to a middling regional power in 20 years . 
  it has only really been since the 1980s has the uk risen again to sit at the world 's top table . 
  now long term economic and demographic trends indicate the uk is set to grow to the 3rd/4th largest economy in the world over the next 40 odd years , depending on how india grows . 
  i think it 's this renewed confidence in the country that 's lead many people to decide we 're better off by standing on our own and leaving the eu . 
  of course it has . 
  the decision to leave has been made , that was the key moment . 
  all companies must now plan a long term strategy to deal with it . 
  by the looks of it most are staying put and investing more money into the uk . 
   is still leading his party . 
  no he 's not . 
  theresa may is leading the conservative party now . 
  * he will be back in power sooner or later . 
  his party is still in power but he 's stepped down from his position as mp , meaning he is no longer active in politics . 
  he 's not active in politics as he 's stood down from all of his positions . 
  he 's free to do what he wants . 
  i was more asking about the general region . 
  urban areas , particularly urban areas in the south , you 'll have no problem whatsoever , if it 's in a university town you 'll have no problem . 
  in all honesty you wo n't have any problem anywhere , but i will probably get downvoted in this sub for saying it . 
  the uk will thrive after brexit , just like we always do . 
  but you stated he is still active , which implies he is still working in a position of direct political power . 
  all former prime minister 's hold sway over politics , it 's the same in every country . 
  but that does n't mean they ca n't do additional work once they no longer hold office . 
  more pay attracts a greater variety of applicants , which often ends in more competant candidates , it 's the same in business as in politics . 
  what part of the uk are you looking at ? 
  has the guardian ever published an article that does n't make the uk seem like the worst place in the world ? 
  of course it has . 
  the decision to leave has been made , that was the key moment . 
  all companies must now plan a long term strategy to deal with it . 
  by the looks of it most are staying put and investing more money into the uk . 
  the uk has much more of a history and modern habit of engaging all parts of the globe through trade than the rest of europe . 
  no matter what the anti-uk crowd says , the uk is truly one of the most open and dynamic countries in the world . 
  if you come here to work and contribute , all are welcome . 
  agreed . 
  with brexit , a booming population and record low unemployment it really is an exciting time to be british . 
  you do realise all this media is incredibly hyperbolic ? 
  the truth is no one really cares where you 're from here , they only care about the numbers coming in a more theoretical sense . 
   he 's still very much active is he ? 
  i thought he resinged as an mp . 
  this does n't suprise me that much . 
  lots of former top level politicians do this . 
  you do n't think # 140,000 is underpaid for head of state of one of the world 's major countries ? 
  aww how cute , the continentals still think the eu can be a superpower :'), 
   there were actually loads of jobs but all of them were for very low pay ( # 16-18k ) but what industry is that ? 
  there 's plenty of industries were jobs start on 30k if you 're a qualified grad . 
   simply put , i do not believe that brexit is the apocalypse that many people imagine it to be . 
  however , thinking it will be the best thing ever is also slightly surrealistic . 
  never claimed it is the best thing ever . 
  all i stated was this is further evidence the anti-brexit fear mongering was baseless . 
  then i listed a load of statistics which backed up my claim . 
  judging by the responses i got on my original comment , this sub sure does n't like the uk doing well . 
   your country still has n't invoked article 50 . 
  why are you linking unemployment figures to something that has n't happened yet ? 
  because all the world 's `` expert '' economists and anti-brexit campaigners stated as soon as the uk votes to leave , regardless of when article 50 is triggered , investment/jobs would flood out of the country . 
  they said at best the uk would grow 0.1 % in the quarter after the vote . 
  in reality the country grew 5 times as fast as this , whilst holding onto previous jobs ( nissan plant in sunderland ) and securing new investment ( google doubling their uk workforce ) . 
  now we 're seeing unemployment continue to drop . 
  great news . 
  yet further evidence the anti-brexit fear mongering was baseless . 
  did you pluck this economic theory out of an a-level text book ? 
  all of the world 's top economists stated if the uk did n't join the euro 10 years ago the british economy would fall off a cliff and be permanently locked out of competitiveness . 
  in reality the opposite happened , staying out of the euro has been the single greatest economic decision britian ever made . 
  all the same economists reared their heads again before the eu referendum . 
  they stated * as soon as * the uk votes to leave , regardless of when article 50 is triggered , investment/jobs would flood out of the country . 
  they said at best the uk would grow 0.1 % in the quarter after . 
  the country grew 5 times as fast as this , whilst holding onto previous jobs and securing new investment . 
  now the same group of `` expert '' economists ( as well as people parroting their opinions ) are saying the economic downturn/recession is * just * around the corner . 
  why on earth do you still trust these people ? 
  they are consistently wrong , they live in a theoretical bubble which has no connection to the way the real world operates , it 's why none of them predicted the 08 crash . 
  there 's a reason people are voting against their advice on an unprecedented scale , people have realised their full of complete and utter drivel and they ca n't predict anything . 
  continuing to listen to them does not make you smart , in reality the opposite . 
  what hole ? 
  our economy grew 5 times faster than expected in the three months after the brexit vote . 
  we are outgrowing both the eurozone and eu 28 average even with all of the current uncertainity . 
  we have had major companies electing to stay in the uk ( nissan plant in sunderland ) , we now have major companies pouring more investment into the uk ( google , this is set to nearly double their uk workforce ) . 
  so far the ` hole ' you speak of is a few newspaper headlines and a few graphs shooting up and down . 
  the brexit doomsday prophecies are yet to materialise , it 's looking increasingly likely they never will . 
  not to mention a trump presidency makes it likely the uk will sign a quick trade deal with the largest economy in the world after the country actually leaves ( an economy bigger than the eu 's single market without the uk ) . 
  lol , this is actually incredible . 
  if this was any other european country google were investing in , the story would have * hundreds * of thumbs up and be on the front page . 
  hell , if it was google announcing they are pulling out of the uk , it would have * hundreds * of thumbs up and be on the front page . 
  but a positive uk story that goes against the anti-brexit echo-chamber struggles to get 10 thumbs up . 
  this sub is a hive of low iq bitter federalists . 
   bitter about what ? 
  your food or your ugly people ? 
  the biterness comes out xd your country is bigger and more populated yes . 
  but it has a smaller gdp and a smaller/weaker military . 
  that 's got ta sting . 
  oh , you 're another bitter frenchmen , that explains it xd, 
   but picking a fight with people on a subreddit like this is autistic . 
  by disagreeing with the political consensus on what is largely a political discussion board ?
