  because it was n't on the cards the first time round . 
  the snp left the currency purposefully vague . 
  the legal control over the # belongs to england and the uk . 
  that does n't mean it 's not a nationalised institution . 
   i 'm not quite seeing how giving up the single market is in any way a pro-business economic agenda . 
  i agree it 's not , but everything else about the uk is . 
  my point is if businesses leave the uk and want to stay in the single market , there 's 27 countries competing for that business and i do n't see a newly independant scotland getting a look in . 
   which they already do because they were and are still part of the eu . 
  yes , but they 're currently part of the united kingdom . 
  which has an entirely different , pro-business economic agenda compared to what the snp would put in place . 
  there 's a reason business in the uk is focused in and around london , not glasgow . 
   the bank of england is independent incorrect . 
  it was nationalised in 1946 . 
   currency union with the uk there 's no way this will be allowed . 
  the uk will out and out refuse to share their currency with another nation . 
  epecially after seeing what sharing a currency has done to the eurozone . 
   we 'll gain a lot from companies moving up from england you ca n't honestly a believe a snp lead independent scotland that 's pro-taxation , pro-workers , pro-regulation and lacking in capital , business infrastructure and the appropriate workforce will snatch business from all the other low tax eu countries ? 
  i mean , ireland 's made themselves an attractive option to the point they 're now officially a tax haven . 
  i ca n't see an independant scotland competing with them . 
  at least not for a long long time , and by that time any business opportunities from companies leaving brexiteering britain will have been snapped up . 
   scotland being in the eu on the other hand might find a lot of new opportunities previously taken up by england . 
  but they 'd be competing with all the other eu countries for that business . 
  scotland does n't have the capital , the workforce or the infrastructure to out-compete all the other low tax eu countries . 
  also , businesses like low taxes and deregulation . 
  all signs point to an independent snp lead scotland moving in the opposite direction . 
  are you trying to imply industry deregulation in a city renders a country a tax haven ? 
  if you are i suggest you swot up on your terminology in this area . 
   that 's kinda funny coming from a brit . 
  why ? 
  ireland seems to be doing fine . 
  yeah ireland is doing fine now , after 100 years of struggle and after becoming a tax haven . 
  no matter what nationalists tell you , political independence is not always the land of milk and honey . 
   because the eu is a larger market than england ? 
  not for scottish business, 
   the eu should be funded exclusively by a eu-wide 10 % corporation tax . 
  that would push ireland out the door, 
  but why does that make it unreasonable ? 
  probably should have let him go and campaign tbh . 
  macron was campaigning in london the other week and it was no issue . 
  lol what have i missed !? 
  why are the turks gunning for the dutch like there 's no tomorrow ? 
   japan is still in stagnation , more than 20 years after the burst of its real estate bubble . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the economic problems japan is facing, 
   there is so much potential volatility in the market that you run a serious chance of buying something which in a few years will be worth less than what you had to borrow . 
  but even if that was the case , you 'd have to continue paying rent for years which amounts to throwing money away . 
  despite the possibility of market volatility , you should still try and put down a mortgage as soon as you can . 
  then at least the money you pay for property is going towards something tangible and once paid off will significantly up your net worth . 
  rather than it going to some random landlord . 
   i understand you want control i personally do n't . 
  i live in a big house in london , immigration has no negative effect on me whatsoever . 
  i 'm just telling you how the country feels . 
  ha yeah . 
  just as i expected , only 37 % upvotes right now . 
  this sub really hates anything that challenges their world view . 
   i honestly never understood why the uk ( and ireland ) oppose schengen the uk opposes it because we 're already a small densely populated country , our infrastructure/housing has struggled to keep up with our population growth and over the years we 've proved to be an incredibly attractive location for eu migrants . 
  people just want control . 
  yep , same with anything on scottish independence too . 
  anything that suggests independence is imminent gets upvoted and hundreds of supportive comment , anything that suggests scotland will stay in the uk long term just gets downvoted to oblivion . 
  it 's a very close-minded , one-sided sub on the whole . 
   or they are downvoted so far down i do n't get to see them yep , whenever i post anything positive about the uk or mildly negative about the eu it just gets downvoted to oblivion . 
  this sub is great if you 're on the left/hard-left , are pro-eu and like to talk shit about the uk/us . 
  other than that it 's pretty poor and one-sided . 
  you must drink a lot , this sub is filled with pettiness and venom . 
  it 's his wife, 
  let me guess , you 've never dealt with children, 
  very intereting and revealing poll . 
  no doubt this will get downvoted to oblivion as it goes against the anti-uk/pro-scottish independence circle jerk . 
  yeah , the uk economy on the whole is actually very healthy . 
  although of course acknowledging that in this sub gets you loads of downvotes . 
   moreover , you 've yet to answer me what makes them countries but not catalonia or chechnya countries as well their official status . 
  it 's not my opinion , i 'm not saying they should or should n't be countries , i 'm just telling you the facts . 
   depends on what you call a `` country '' . 
  you can hold your own opinion on what should or should n't be countries , but i 'm just telling you the reality of the situation . 
   explain to me how are they countries and what set them apart from , their official status sets them apart . 
  [ england status : country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england ) [ scotland status : country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland ) [ wales status : country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wales ), 
  not true . 
  england , scotland and wales are all countries in their own right . 
  i think northern ireland is a bit more complicated though . 
  i 'm aware of the arguments . 
  my point is it did n't play much on scottish minds and it was n't much of a vote changer . 
  the independence referendum was entirely about whether scotland wanted to leave a 300 year old union in which scotland became one country with england , wales and ireland ( now northern ireland ) . 
  scotland 's relationship with a 40 year old loose connection of european states was incredibly secondary . 
  really hope he wins, 
   who cares what people understand . . what matters is , what it actually is . 
    it 's a union of countries on an island yes agreed , what matters is what it actually is , which is summed up by saying it 's a country of countries . 
   i do n't get why brits view themselves as a collapsing nation on the whole we really do n't . 
  it 's just on sites like reddit and subs like / r/europe the majority of brits are left-wing , guardian reading millennials . 
  the guardian has carved itself a niche as the paper that shits all over the small c conservative , capitalist uk . 
  this is loved by self-loathing , free-market despising lefties . 
  in the real world the average brit is extremly aware of how good the country is ( despite it having some problems as all do ) and how successful we 've been over the last 300 years or so . 
  yep , as always . 
  despite what the majority of this sub says . 
  god damn , it 's glorious being from southern england . 
   considering one of the main arguments used by the `` no '' side in 2014 was that staying in the uk meant a guaranteed stay in the eu . 
  that really was n't a very big argument at all . 
  i think sturgeon is significantly underestimating scots who support both leaving the uk and the eu . 
  did n't realise how poor the germans are !, 
  lol , well it should be . 
  it 's the easiest way to understand what it is . 
   the uk is not a country the uk is a country , it 's described as a country of countries .
