  again , a pretty pathetic attempt to paint the uk as an imperial enterprie when it 's not . 
  it 's a democratic one . 
  the uk 's empire ended long ago chuck , you need to get with the times . 
   scotland nationalists are political geniuses   1 ) vote for brexit i think a decent amount of them just want independence . 
  from both the uk and the eu . 
   name one thing they all voted for without being outvoted by the english representatives . 
  you do realise scotland has a very small population ? 
  in the uk every individual 's voice counts for the same . 
  obviouly if all of england vote for one thing that thing will pass as england has so many more people . 
  unless of course it 's on a devolved matter . 
   seems to me like this would only serve to increase popular support for a referendum . 
  nope . 
  all polls point to this not being the case . 
  it would only really piss people off who are planning on voting independence anyway . 
  most scots realise it is not the time and support the government 's position . 
   if they blocked it it would all but guarantee that the next scottish indyref would be a success . 
  no it would n't . 
  you 're just stating what you want to happen . 
  public opinion is on the british government 's side . 
   such blatant disregard for neutrality and journalistic integrity from a newspaper lol !, 
  newspapers are never neutral . 
  at least not in britain . 
  everyone is very aware of this . 
  lol , can you blame them ? 
   you guys also have to do something about letting us visit our families in the uk for longer than 90 days . 
  completly agree . 
  the argument that we abandoned our old allies ( australia , new zealand , canada , usa ) was a real vote winner for vote leave . 
  the british public definatly want to see this changed . 
  blocked, 
   well what i mean is that britain should n't get any special deals i agree . 
  but that is very different to deserving punishment . 
   because if the eu does n't , it becomes a slippery slope and why should n't other countries then pursue the same deals with far less obligations . 
  that 's not what you said . 
  you said * `` punishment is exactly what it deserves '' * . 
  why do you want to punish people for not wanting to be apart of a political project that you support ? 
  wait what ? 
  indians rather than polish ? 
  the uk has n't let many indian immigrants in in years, 
   you do understand brexit has changed everything ? 
  scottish public opinion says it has n't . 
  hell one third of snp voters even voted for brexit . 
  why ? 
  no , he tried it . 
  it was called operation sea lion . 
  the first step was for the nazis to get air control over the english channel/southern england , after that they could safely transport their troops across the sea into mainland britain . 
  hitler fell at the first hurdle . 
  the british air force decisively won the battle of britain , after this it became apparent hitler did n't have the means to invade . 
  he then turned his sights to russia . 
  operation barbarossa was not a myth , it began in june 1941 . 
  8 months after the battle of britain had ended . 
  i meant to say 1940 originally , not 1941 . 
  i 'm not moving the goalposts , i am just taking up your comment implying hitler was not only fighting the uk , when in reality he was in 1940 . 
  i do n't know as much about the napoleonic wars . 
   the eu has among the lowest average tariffs in the world . 
  yes , for those inside the block . 
  it 's a very different ball game for those trying to sell into it . 
  that 's why it 's protectionist . 
  wise words from the mayor, 
  the aid from the us was relatively minimal at the time . 
  the us did not get properly involved until hitler realised he could n't take britain , and then turned his sights on russia . 
  the us only properley got involved after they were directly attacked by japan , and by this point the tide of the war had already started to turn in the allies favour in europe . 
  at the time hitler tried invading the uk , nazi europe was only fighting the uk . 
  are you not aware of this ? 
  well , what do you expect ? 
  the eu is effectively a protectionist trade block . 
  of course american and chinese importers will struggle to be competitive within the single market when they 're massively disadvantaged by legislation . 
  this picture more proves why the eu is an anti-globalist institution . 
  pretty sure nazi europe had more man power than the british isles in 1941 . 
  also pretty sure napolean had more man power than the british isles . 
  look how those turned out ... 
   first time i see a brit want to throw scotland out of your union . 
  i 've seen a few around . 
  it 's usually just angsty teens angry at the snp 's constant moaning and equating the snp with the entirty of scotland . 
  when it next presents itself ( it often does ) i will present it . 
   we do not remove based on what we like or do not like . 
  we take our decisions based on the rules . 
  of course you do, 
  yes , that wealthy , diverse , mid-high income bracket . 
  they 're really all a bunch of neo-nazis looking to attack anyone and everyone . 
  scoundrels , the lot of them !, 
   not so much the scots always wanted to stay in the eu no you 're missing my point . 
  my point is pro-independence scots argue that decisions should be made as close to home as possible , and that the scots are the best people to run the affairs of scotland . 
  they then turn around and want to hand powers to brussels . 
  they also argue withdrawing from the eu single market would be catastrophic for the scottish economy ( it make up 17 % of scottish exports ) but they are then more than willing to leave the uk single market which makes up 65 % of scottish exports . 
   not so much the scots always wanted to stay in the eu no you 're missing my point . 
  my point is pro-independence scots argue that decisions should be made as close to home as possible , and that the scots are the best people to run the affairs of scotland . 
  they then turn around and want to hand powers to brussels . 
  they also argue withdrawing from the eu single market would be catastrophic for the scottish economy ( it make up 17 % of scottish exports ) but they are then more than willing to leave the uk single market which makes up 65 % of scottish exports . 
  i have a strong feeling this post will either get downvoted to oblivion or removed by one of the mods as it goes against the anti-uk pro-eu circle jerk . 
  we will have to wait and see . 
   basically everything brexiters use as arguments to defend their position , was pure garbage when scots were using them . 
  same could be said about the pro-independence scots arguing in favour of the eu but not the uk . 
  yeah , it could smash the notion that trade deals need to be drawn out over a number of years . 
  that 's if the australian/us trade deal did n't destory that perception already . 
   i mean i did n't even vote leave but the brexit melodrama here is absurd ... 
  same , i voted remain . 
  but from my comment history you 'd probably think i was a staunch brexiteer just because i argue against the anti-uk europhile hysteria . 
   i do n't really associate premier league football teams with britain either . 
  yeah man , what does ** manchester ** united have to do with the uk anyway ? 
   i ca n't think of much we 're famous for making uk tends to make high end luxury products,
