   why do you want ireland back ? 
  i want ireland in the uk as i think all countries in the british & irish isles are incredibly similar and belong together . 
  ireland, 
  are you talking generally there 's not much glorification in protestant countries ? 
  because there 's huge amounts of glorification in us and uk . 
  republican, 
   i fully support scotish independence , i truly hope you guys can become a republic soon there is no suggestion an independent scotland would abolish the monarchy . 
  i do n't want it . 
  scotland is my country and in my eyes it should stay in the uk . 
  you should follow other sport !, 
  we tend to do better in others . 
  our football team is just terrible year in year out . 
  it 's completely normal . 
  for most countries having both a club and national team to support is the norm . 
  i think most people prefer national over club , especially world cups . 
   there is not much glorification in historically protestant countries why ? 
  i think the us , canada , australia and new zealand are the 4 most desirable countries for brits to move to . 
  definatly the uk . 
  i 've been a couple times and when i went in their winter at times i forgot i was n't in the uk . 
  probably the us . 
  i would say australia but i do n't think i 'd be able to hack the summer heat . 
  it 's been shortened to `` blud '' in british slang , i think `` blood '' is the american way to say/spell it . 
  blud means like mate/brother , mandem means a close group of friends . 
  both !, 
   italians have some weird unrealistic expectations that london for example ( where i 'm typing this from actually ) , is absolutely perfect so that 's why so many italians work in pret !, 
  those young kids that use words like `` blud '' , `` mandem '' and `` init '' . 
  exact same in the uk tbh . 
  rugby union is definatly seen as a middle/upper class sport still . 
  rugby league has more of a working class following though . 
  yeah , both romania and georgia have been very impressive with their performances in recent years . 
  it 's almost a similar situation in england as well . 
  obviously rugby is a popular sport here , but it 's still nothing compared to football . 
   when britain got mad at us for something our team did ( some weeks ago , maybe ) lol !, 
  yes , the italians creatively interpreted the rules in one aspect of the game . 
  it lead to quite the stir and no one really knew what was going on , and it allowed italy to go into half-time in the lead . 
  does the sport have a following all over france ? 
  or is it mostly still in the south west ? 
   saying the uk is the best country in the world is disrespectful and extremely stupid and deluded . 
  not really at all . 
  i think you just have a chip on your shoulder about the uk . 
  lots of people hold the opinion that their country is the best in the world . 
  and all things considered , the uk has a pretty convincing claim to that title ( along with a few others ) . 
  the uk job market is very good . 
  4.8 % unemployment i believe . 
  the problem is a lot of the jobs are low skill and low wage . 
  in white collar industries it is extremly competitive . 
  i 'm assuming from the flag you 're romanian ? 
  if so it 's actually growing quite fast in your country . 
  romania is one of the two teams ( along with georgia ) being talked about as a possible nation to be added to the six nations following romania 's relative on field success, 
  without the uk it will never surpass the us or china in geopolitical power . 
   we always had a bias for the allies though was ireland not secretly in favour of the nazis ? 
  i seem to recall reading about documents which showed the irish government was in regular contact with berlin until the war started turning in the allies ' favour . 
  yeah agreed , they have recently had a few more matches against good opposition like scotland . 
  people have proposed an elimination/promotion system in the six nations , where the losing team would go down to the rugby europe championship , and the winner from the championship would go up to the six nations . 
  lots of people are against the idea though as they think it would kill the game in italy ( who would likely get demoted ) . 
   but because of the assessments , the deadlines , and the constant feeling of being worn out . 
  take 2 days off to recover and you 're already behind on work . 
  going home for the weekend is a huge decision to make because of the amount of work i need to do . 
  damn that sounds heavy going , what uni are you at ? 
  what 's holding it back ? 
  yeah , there 's currently a lot of talk about georgia joining . 
  i ca n't imagine it happening soon though . 
   why do n't you move to poland instead ? 
  it really is n't that bad . 
  being honest , it ' a pretty big step down from the uk in a lot of ways . 
   also , would it hurt you guys to let northern ireland go ? 
  nope not at all . 
  that entirely depends on what the majority of people in northern ireland want , rather than what you or i want . 
  literally drinking a glass of london tap water now and it tastes absolutely fine . 
  i also spend a fair amount of my time in rural oxfordshire , where i drink the tap water and it tastes absolutely fine . 
   london tapwater tastes terrible though . 
  it tastes like water, 
  living it 's probably the queen . 
  all time it 's probably someone like shakespeare or darwin , or maybe churchill . 
   jk rowling jk rowling is english , not scottish, 
  ha damn , austria has some famous people, 
  it 's not unique . 
  most people tend to be really interested in the uk/the british for some reason, 
   and that this whole `` engaging with other countries '' business is decidedly `` un-british '' i agree with most of what you said and gave you an upvote , but i do n't agree with this . 
  in many cases the vote leave side of the referendum argued for more globalisation and more engagement with other countries , and they quite succefully painted the eu as an archaic institution that shunned the world outside of the european continent . 
  spearheading both the scientific and industrial revolutions, 
  yes , in the uk it 's exclusively associated with the political left . 
  realistically it will be very hard for you to legally migrate . 
  europe has taken so many migrants in recent years , most of whom are uneducated young men , there is n't really any need for more and public opinion has very much turned against taking more . 
  anyway , i 'm only saying this as a warning to you , do n't expect it to be easy . 
  best of luck !, 
  australia, 
  lol !, 
  i 've just been scrolling through the sub . 
  * my general impression is that r/europe is maily right wing and anti-eu * what !? 
  that sub is a pro-eu anti-britain hive mind, 
   generalising of course , when talking about the political left and right you have to genralise . 
  but that does n't mean there 's not truth to what i 'm saying . 
  most of scotland 's rich move down to london, 
   some parts being amongst the poorest in the country this is n't really true anymore . 
  some part of london are significantly poorer than other parts of london , but nowadays the poorest parts of london are much richer than poor parts of the north etc. 
  yes you do , the entire political left in europe acted like the millions of migrants coming in where refugees , when in reality they were economic migrants . 
  shaun of the dead, 
  no , i 'm just saying irish accents are so commonplace in my part of the country they do n't seem to generate much interest . 
  hearing an irish accent in london is almost the same a hearing a northern english accent .
