  it does n't work in the real world , it 's certainly not going to work on this sub . 
   because you need more than that to break german people and its determination . 
  you mean like , a propoganda campaign against the jews ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  farage did n't trash him at all , he just has a different opinion . 
  yes we all know his wife got murdered , but that does n't mean he can say anything without people disagreeing . 
  still absolutly baffled why i need to do some soul searching loool, 
   i 'd say mr. cox has a lot more right to speak than mr. farage in this respect it 's not a competition , they both have a right to speak on whatever they want . 
  if you comment on political issues in the media , expect people to disagree with you . 
  can you elaborate why i have soul searching to do ? 
  i 'm very confused by your comment . 
   `` yes of course he would know more about extremists than me mr. coxs , he backs organisations like ` hope not hate ' , who masquerade as being lovely and peaceful , but actually pursue violent and very undemocratic means . '', 
  yes , that organization has a history of controversy , many people who openly support them have been arrested and convicted of violent offences . 
  mr cox clearly wants to be a public and political figure , are you suggesting people are n't alowed to disagree with him due to what happened to his wife ? 
  it 's debateable really, 
  frauke petry is an absolute babe, 
  i encourage you all to read about what was actually said and in what context , rather than getting your information from a partisan headline on a website like the guardian . 
  nigel farage was absolutely right to say what he did . 
  after everything merkel has done with her refugee policy , i am absolutely puzzled she 's still riding high in the german polls . 
   this is mostly about setting up a feeling of being dragged out of the single market screaming but everyone can see the political games she 's playing , maybe it 's why support for independence is dwindling ? 
   it is not an `` official '' name . 
  it is, 
   where and how long it was used for is irrelevant . 
  there is no official name for them no it 's not , it 's the official term used all over the world . 
   are these facts determined by britain or ireland ? 
  they 're defined by global geographical consensus, 
   the british government can not assign a name to an landmass that does n't belong to it the british government did n't name it . 
  the name predates britain as a unified entity by well over 1000 years . 
   the united kingdom does not have the authority to name a geographical landmass that does n't belong to it , the uk did n't name it , the uk has only been an entity since 1707 . 
  the term british isles dates back to the 4th century ad . 
  no it does n't , british political narrative often aligns more with the u.s than the eu , that does n't change geographical location lol . 
  you 're talking nonsense . 
   it 's not used in ireland because it implies that all of ireland is british much like how the republic of ireland often shortening their country name to ireland implies ownership of the entire geographic island of ireland ? 
  even though they do n't own the north ? 
  what about [ ordnance survey ? ] ( https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/blog/2011/08/whats-the-difference-between-uk-britain-and-british-isles/ ) . 
  let me guess , that 's wrong too ? 
  but , geographical fact does ? 
  the political narrative of the 2016 irish government does n't change that . 
  it is . 
  [ please read further ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles ) . 
  just had a quick google check , the middle island on the bottom row is incorrect . 
  the island of ireland is apart of the british isles . 
  although i 'm sure , stating this fact will get me lots of downvotes on this sub . 
  they likely targeted a christmas market to make a point ... 
   eli5 : how did the uk attract so many islamic extremists ? 
  we attract just as much as the next country . 
  the reason you hear about them in the uk is because we have the highest % of muslims for a wealthy english speaking country . 
  the situation is much worse in france , germany , sweden etc. 
  i can tell you which brexit proposals westminster wo n't be listening to ... 
  we all know why this is . 
  the current government thinks the british muslim community do n't beleive in those values , and they want to stress how important the values are by making public servants take an oath . 
  mr javid was raised a muslim himself so he knows better than most . 
  i for one think it is a brilliant idea . 
  no , they 're upgrading their hq as part of a broader business initiative to open 250 new stores across the uk, 
  can you elaborate how it 's like that ? 
  because it 's not really at all like that, 
   though i do n't think it was ever likely that they 'd move their uk headquarters out of the uk no one said they would . 
  the story here is they are upgrading and investing money in a new hq , which is part of a broader business initiative to open up 250 new stores nationwide . 
   it 's about binding initiatives that were passed by the people shhh this is r/europe !, 
  where for some reason everyone is strongly in favour of having a tiny group of elites ruling every aspect of their lives in the name of `` prosperity '' . 
  great news for london and the uk !, 
  i actually voted remain , although i was n't particularly captivated by either option . 
  but yes , resort to personal insults , that will get your point across !, 
   a hard brexit might justify the hyperbole so it is hard to exaggerate the scale of the disaster that 90 % of countries in the world have inflicted upon themselves by not being members of the european union 's single market ? 
  influence breeds enemies, 
  did you read my comment ?!, 
  i was referring to the sentence i pasted, 
  agreed . 
  even if some people do n't agree with her politics , nobody can deny the iron lady 's influence . 
  lol , i 'm actually kind of suprised the uk is as low as it is, 
   is it from a british perspective is dunkirk ? 
  yes, 
  yeah same , i 'd like to see a few more ww2 films from a british perspective . 
  a modern day battle of britain film would be great . 
  the fact nolan is director makes me feel the film will have a unique twist, 
  * it is hard to exaggerate the scale of the disaster * more akin to hiroshima than a democratic vote to leave a political union, 
   but that the tommies legged it too and didnt return to the continent until late in the war well to be fair , france had been overrun . 
  why would they stay , fight and die to defend a foreign country that had effectively already been lost ? 
   young people are n't genuinely religious no matter what religion they 're a member of you think young muslims are n't religous ? 
  to be fair , they have to come to the terms with the fact they 're french , s ` got ta be tough, 
  * it is hard to exaggerate the scale of the disaster the british people have inflicted upon themselves with their decision to leave the european union * no matter your views on brexit , i hope we can all agree the hyperbole of this sentence is insane, 
  so you honestly do n't care at all if your grand-children live in a majority muslim germany ? 
  not saying this will happen , but does the prospect sit well with you ? 
  yeah , to be fair it 's not like she got there on her own merit . 
  her family is a french political dynasty . 
   and it 's telling that it 's basically unkown in europe where did you get this from ? 
  anyone with a baic knowledge of modern history know about it . 
  did you mean to say you were completly of it ? 
  rather than speaking for a continent of well over half a billion ? 
   even at their peak the uk did n't have the same rank the us achieved [ yes they did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ), 
   nobody gives a shit if nigeria speaks english agreed . 
  but when you add india , the uk , pakistan , jamaica , canada , australia , bangladesh , hong kong , south africa , kenya , cameroon , new zealand , sri lanka , barbados , ireland etc to nigeria , it becomes very relevant . 
  but anyway , i can see you have your own narrative to push whereby the us is the be all and end all and you refuse to ask questions about how the situation came about and what came before so it 's not worth my time trying to debate you . 
  the empire has plenty to do with it because it spread english to all corners of the world , including america . 
  and by extension , much of the reason american culture is so succesful ( movies , tv , music ) is the same reason uk culture is so succesful ( tv , music ) , the language it 's all produced in has a built in global audience . 
  you ca n't honestly argue the only reason people learn english is because of the us and then not look at what came before . 
  are you also trying to say if the us was the only english speaking country in the world everyone would be trying to learn it ? 
  i mean china 's nearly as large as the us in terms of gdp and very very few people learn chinese to any decent level . 
  the reason people learn english is due to it global prominence , which is rooted in the fact the last two superpowers have been english speaking . 
  the first of which spread english to all corners of the globe .
