  fucking hell , why is france targeted so much ? 
  that country is on its knees to terrorism . 
   i believe that the eu is a great project and it is doing well with or without the uk , however i also do not deny that the ecb for example was quite irresponsible at times , and that the current arrangement we have with schengen regarding states that have a non-schengen border or sea access ( mainly italy , greece , and spain ) is in need of serious review especially now to address the refugee crisis ( a crisis i disagree a lot with some of the eu 's calls ) . 
  i agree with most of that . 
  the point i 'm arguing is the eu is not a superpower and will not be one in the future . 
   just because a bunch of smaller economies gain % individually does n't give them any more power , while a big economy gaining fewer % means a lot more . 
  it means the bigger economy has a shrinking % of the world gdp , which is what i 'm arguing . 
  do you really not grasp this concept ? 
   `` ever decreasing share '' ? 
  there 's no basis for that . 
  yes there is . 
  the eu economy is still growing , but as a % of the world it is ever decreasing as other parts of the world are growing faster , every stat and economist knows this to be true . 
  please , for the love of god just use google and research yourself . 
  i do n't actually think you believe half of what you 're saying , it runs in direct contradiction with economic and geopolitical reality . 
  * and yet germany , italy , and france are still in the top 10 of the world 's biggest economies . 
  * yes true . 
  does not make the eu a superpower . 
  * ( excluding the uk ) and we are the biggest or second biggest . 
  * you would be the second biggest . 
  soon to be overtaken by china to become the third . 
  * the uk stagnated harshly as well ( to the point you got overtaken by france , and germany is still above you ) * not sure what you 've been reading , but the uk has not stagnated harshly . 
  the uk has not been overtaken by france either , this [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) ( although quite old now ) sums it up quite nicely and points out where the mistake was that lead to people think france was bigger . 
  germany is bigger yes , although on current demographic trends the uk is set to close the gap and overtake germany over the course of our working lifetime ( assuming you 're a millennial ) . 
  are you just saying this incorrect stuff for arguments sake ? 
  or do you genuinly believe some of it ? 
  do you live your life in a pro-eu propaganda echo chamber ? 
  the federalists in this sub salivating over the idea of the eu as a future super power . 
  it 's both pathetic and disturbing . 
  i mean , it 's pretty common knowledge and very easy to find stats on it . 
  but [ here ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/eu-has-shrunk-percentage-world-economy/ ) . 
   it 's the biggest economy in the world once the uk leaves it wo n't be . 
   you know it 's true . 
  not really at all . 
  whilst i know someone who has probably never even been to scotland ( you ) may get the impression from millennial dominated left leaning sites like reddit that scottish independence is inevitable , the reality is much more complex . 
  most polls point towards support for sturgeon/snp/independence either lowering or stagnating . 
  this in my opinion , is partly the reason sturgeon is pushing for a referendum in the next couple of years , as she knows the snp may lose significant political power in the next local and general elections . 
  i know we should n't always go by the polls but polls in the uk almost always underestimate support for right wing , unionist movements . 
  on top of this signs point towards support for the eu dwindling in scotland . 
  add to this the fact that the economic case ( with the collapse of oil and strong british gdp growth ) is looking farcical . 
  i know political votes are not always won on economics , but do not underestimate the amount of people in scotland who identify as british and will fight tooth and nail to keep the union together . 
  i accept an independent scotland is a possibility , but if someone leads an argument with * '' ( soon to be english and welsh ) market '' * then i can see they 're not looking for a rational , level headed debate . 
  rather they 're just trying to scream what they want to happen ( as they know it will get upvoted in this anti-uk sub ) and therefore it 's not worth my time reading what they have to say . 
   the potential to be a superpower sorry but no , it always looked unlikely that the eu would ever reach superpower status . 
  but with the soon to be loss of the uk , and with an ever decreasing share of the global economy , it is now impossible . 
  * lol at the downvotes , angry because you know it 's true . 
  the eu will never join the ranks of the us , the british empire , the roman empire etc as current or former superpowers . 
  it 's just not possible *, 
  uk stronk, 
   the reason is that it is easier to grow when you have less , tell that to southern europe, 
   difficult to have a proper discussion when your foreign secretary what planet are you on ? 
  this is an online discussion board . 
  you 're not talking to the british foriegn secretary . 
   ( soon to be english and welsh ) market did n't read on from here . 
  could tell you 're an anti-uk pro-eu federalist who has no desire for a proper discussion . 
  1 ) i voted remain 2 ) i never said i would gleefully watch the collapse of an economy 3 ) its pretty clear to see the economy has not collapsed . 
  it 's actually doing surprisingly well so far . 
   i 'll be gleefully watching it collapse when brexit arrives you 've got some pretty serious issues if you 'll gleefully watch the collapse of a health service people depend on, 
  yes !, 
  but the british economy can handle some turblence . 
  the eurozone ca n't . 
  she was a reluctant remainer much like i was . 
  you can go now . 
  once we leave the eu you can still go if you get everything sorted on the other side . 
  really hope the eu does n't purposefully damage its own citizens prosperity to try and damage the uk as a punishment for leaving . 
  i do n't think the southern europeans can take anymore economic pain . 
  haha taller than france , unlucky frenchies, 
  yeah , she does n't achieve very good results . 
  but she 's talented in so far as gaining and holding onto power to advance her own agenda . 
   however , looking at george w bush , it seems that legitimately dim people can become us presiden george bush the dim harvard graduate ? 
  very smart man that schaeuble, 
   insulted by him . 
  lol !, 
  how did andrew neil insult him ? 
   regarding most issues , be they political , economic , or social in nature . 
  i do n't see it . 
  she seems disinterested in any issue that 's not independence related . 
  her record speaks for itself as well , all the areas she has the most autonomy over she 's failing . 
   and they have people like angus robertson and alyn smith waiting their turn really ? 
  i 'm staunchly against the snp but i can see that nicola sturgeon is a talented politician . 
  but angus robertson ? 
  that guys a mess . 
  he 's ok at monologues , but once someone starts questioning him he completley buckles . 
  never even heard of the other guy . 
   shame what comes out is a load of shite . 
    says the unionist says the nationalist, 
  most people come across as well spoken if they 're talking about the one issue they 've dedicated their career to . 
   thats some major selective facts . 
  selective facts are facts, 
   it 's just a better alternative to ( hard ) brexit that most of us did not want you genuinly ca n't believe that can you ? 
  does n't the eu represent like 17 % of scottish trade ? 
  whereas the rest of the uk represent like 65 % ? 
   surely that 's a matter for the scottish govt , not the westminster govt . 
  it 's a matter for both . 
  but ultimately westminster has the authority . 
   i knew she would enjoy that comment . 
  there 's women in here !, 
   it 'd give the snp more ammo , `` evil english are trying to silence us !, 
  oppression !, 
  anti democracy ! '', 
  the posters write themselves that would only rile up people who will vote independence anyway .
