   but available jobs are often 0 hours contracts , or only part time work cmon man stop spreading these lies , less than 3 % of the workforce are on zero hour contracts . 
  many of that 3 % are students and want to be . 
  lol xd i 'm right wing , but that comment even puts me to shame, 
  yeah , they may not have the best job prospects , but people in the north of england still live very comfortable lives, 
   forget north of the m25 exists . 
  i do n't think that will happen , the conservatives realise voters in the north of england are disenfranchised with labour and very much up for grabs . 
  completly ignoring them and pushing them towards ukip/back to labour would be an act of lunacy . 
   thanks to the american hegemony yes , [ `` american hegemony '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/british_empire.svg ), 
  i already started chuck, 
   retail sales are n't a measure of economic health of course it 's a measure of economic health , what are you talking about ? 
   pretty sure your government wants to desperately remain as close to the single market as possible so the eu ca n't be all worthless the uk government has always wanted to remain close to the single market , provided we get controls on immigration . 
  there is no reason a single european market ca n't exist without a political union behind it . 
  yes it is and that 's not the average, 
  no , it 's paid , everywhere it 's paid, 
  the u.s has the highest salaries in the world . 
  you ca n't compare a country to the u.s and then conclude the country has low salaries because they 're not as high . 
  yeah , eu federalists want britain to do terribly because they know if britain does well , citizens from around europe will realise they do n't need the eu for anything . 
  yeah , and they 're mandated into the official working hours , making 35 hours a week . 
  i agree to a certain extent . 
  all countries are on a scale and in terms of freedom of speech the us is one of , if not * the * most free . 
  mainland europe is beginning to look like a lost cause . 
  there 's still hope for the uk though . 
  8 hour work day minus 1 hour for lunch , so 35 . 
   and you guys seem very at ease with inequality well , british people are aware uk left-wing media can be incredibly hyberbolic about inequality ( think the guardian ) so we tend to distrust opinion pieces that state the uk is a horrible , unequal society . 
  also on top of that , british users in this sub are very aware the sub has a strong disdain for the uk ( it 's been incredibly prominent since brexit ) . 
  we 're aware european posters exaggerate british problems to try and make themelves feel better about their own countries . 
  so we do n't take the criticism seriously . 
  also historically , the uk has more of a winner takes all capitalist system , so it 's a bit more ingrained in our culture than it is in some other countries . 
  what 's funny about that ? 
  it 's common knowledge the german economy runs more regulation and has higher taxes , particularly business taxes , than the uk . 
  not to the same extent, 
  britain averages a 35h work week also, 
  got to love the ballsy confidence the british have shown through all of this . 
  all the world 's experts say the uk is on the brink of economic ruin and what does the public do ? 
  ignores it all and goes shopping, 
  the uk is a free-market economy , nobody is promised an easy ride . 
  yeah , it 's incredibly petty, 
   im pretty sure that french people live better than uk people for example . 
  i think it 's the opposite actually, 
  it 's amazing how low ireland is , considering all the articles you see stating how ` amazing ' the irish economy is, 
   verage wage in the finance industry with workers aged 25-29 was 42 200 nok or 3950 gbp a month . 
  this equals 47 400 gbp a year . 
  my statistics were graduate salaries , graduates are usually 21 . 
  they will be earning a large amount more than that by their late 20s . 
  finance graduate jobs in london ( which is where they 're nearly all located ) [ average 37,500 gbp ] ( https://www.totaljobs.com/salary-checker/average-graduate-salary-london ) as a starting salary . 
  i ca n't find any data for norway but i would be suprised if graduates are flooding out of london ( as you suggest ) to work in norway 's financial industry due to much higher salaries . 
  we 're not talking about average wages lol , i know norway operates a more socialist and less free-market model , which means redistributing wealth from high earners and giving more to the average joe/average graduate . 
  operating on this system will always skew average salary statistics upward . 
  * in the u.s i would agree . 
  but i 'm not sure the uk is at the same level * maybe not quite as high as the u.s , but the u.s and the uk are considered the big two for highly specialized professionals . 
  there 's a reason skilled workers from around the world want to live in those two countries , there 's also a reason why those two countries receive more migrant applications than any other . 
  un-regulated , free-market economies attract the most talented workers . 
  highly socialized economies attract the most average joes . 
   wages in norway is much higher than here in the uk and many students feel it is easier to start a career in norway , the `` safe '' because , says kitmitto . 
  but you specifically mentioned financial students go back to norway as the wages are higher , you were n't talking about the job market as a whole . 
  also , i agree low-skilled jobs/entry level jobs that graduates enter into are generally better paid in norway . 
  my point is that when people get further into their careers and become more specialzed , they have the opportunity to earn more money in more free-market economies like the uk and the us . 
   norwegians studying finance in london end up going back home after their studies since the wages in the uk is much lower than back home i 'm sorry but this is just not true . 
  wages for financial jobs in london are some of the highest in world , london is arguably * the * global financial centre . 
  where did you hear this from ? 
  having an opinion there are too many migrants in a country is fine and should n't be punished . 
  stating my opinion why this sub dislikes the uk is fine as well . 
  i do n't really know what point you 're trying to make ? 
  why have you connected my comment here and a comment i made over a month ago ? 
  you mean punishing free speech with legal convictions strengthens the resolve of citizens to protect free speech ? 
  well i never, 
  amazing what this tiny little island has accomplished . 
  if there 's one thing the uk knows how to do , it 's win important conflicts . 
  this sub ca n't be that petty ? 
  surely ? 
  i mean , it 's just a well made mini-documentary, 
   like it or not we live in a global connected world yes but it is very different if a country has an independant currency or not , if a major eurozone country goes south it 's good night vienna, 
  why ? 
  original house of cards, 
  yes , i wanted the banks to be alowed to fail , and i think it was a mistake the uk bailed them out . 
  but the uk has a stronger economy than italy , so the country 's economy is less likely to fail . 
  on top of that the uk has always had its own independant currency , so the uk could fail and not drag an entire continent to the brink of ecnomic misery . 
  in my opinion italy going down will bring about an end to the euro , and possibly an end to the eu as a whole . 
  that 's all been made much more likely by this development . 
  yes , we 're all aware of that , your point ? 
  right , we know athelete from around the world have cheated before ? 
  what does this have to do with you thinking the british olympic team are a bunch of drug cheats ? 
  i 'm still waiting to hear any convincing evidence . 
   you think somehow british athletes became great at cycling and athletics britain getting better at the olympics is due to the dramatic increase in funding in the mid-1990s . 
  since then , as british funding has gone up , our medal count has got better and better . 
  do you have any proof that our success is due to cheating rather than all the money we 've invested ? 
  yeah , the worst part is thinking about the athletes who were bumped out of medal positions by russian cheats . 
   you have a larger economy than any of the other colonies but we still managed to beat other countries that have larger economies than us , most notably china . 
  whatever way you cut it , britain 's performance in rio was incredible . 
   have much higher wages , especially among lower-skilled workers it 's not especially for lower-skilled workers , it 's only for lower-skilled workers . 
  the more skilled/specialized you are in scandinavia , the less you 'll be earning in comparison to skilled/specialized workers in the uk/us . 
  i think you understand it wrong . 
  the problems brit have with the eu is that it 's too protectionist , it refuses to fully unify the services single market ( something britain would benefit from ) and it props up local businesses at the expense of businesses from other parts of the world . 
  all the while being detached from the average voter and demanding all countries give up control of their borders ( something britain has trouble with due to it being a densely populated country and a very attractive location for eu migrants ) . 
  it 's quite easy to see why the brits voted to leave , and even easier to see why a leave vote was , in many cases , a vote for increased globalisation . 
  yeah , i posted that as well but for some reason loads of people are downvoting it . 
  oh god , italy will collapse within the next ten years , what a terrible move this is . 
  why is this getting downvoted so much ? 
   already turning against globalisation and brexit is a symptom of it . 
  but there was also a strain of the leave campaign that put forward a pro-globalisation rhetoric .
