  the last time the british isles fell to a foreign power, 
  re-nationalizing the railways is the one corbyn policy i support, 
   but there is not a single constituency in the uk which ever put a ukip candidate ( farage included -- he tried multiple times ) in parliament incorrect . 
  i think all rational minded people realise the 2014 vote was * the * vote . 
  there wo n't be another one for a generation , if ever . 
  it 's not the new year until london rings it in, 
   does n't uk need more babies now ? 
  like aging population not really , by western standards the uk has very healthy population demographics . 
  it 's pretty common amongst native brits . 
  the brits who still live in london are mostly middle/upper middle class . 
  many of them learn a foreign language as they think it may give them a competitive egde in the job market . 
  at my old company the majority of brits spoke another language ( french , german , spanish , russian , mandarin etc ) , some spoke two . 
  breakfast means breakfast, 
  really ? 
  it 's fairly common down in london, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  always great to find high quality youtube channels like this, 
  yeah , this is only one study as well , i can see logic in most of what is said although i 'm also very skeptical s.korea will rise in the way predicted here . 
  the general consensus is india will rise towards the top , whilst germany and japan will drop down due to a decreasing populations . 
  britain will rise due to strong population demographics whilst france will chug along at roughly the same rate . 
  according to economic/population forecasts the world economic order by 2050 will look something like this ; 1 ) china 2 ) usa 3 ) india 4 ) uk 5 ) japan although this should all be taken with a pinch of salt . 
   post-brexit britain is like that one neighbour on meth who 's destroying the reputation and value of a really nice neighbourhood . 
  you mean building the value of the neighbourhood lol ? 
  the british economy has grown suprisingly strongly post-brexit vote, 
   from a political cultural point of view , having a female and muslim as a pm would have been a step forward , no doubt about that . 
  why would this be a step forward ? 
  hi henri , good survey on the whole . 
  i think the political slider question thing was a bit misleading though . 
  you place labour/the us democrats and the republicans/the british conservatives on the same political number , when in reality they are really quite different . 
  ( e.g. 
  republicans are much further right than the conservatives , the democrats are much further right than corbyn 's labour . ), 
  yeah !, 
  it 's really good !, 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's directly relevant lol . 
   so over half the migrants are from non-eu countries , can someone explain how migration from outside the eu to the uk has anything to do with the eu or single market ? 
  half of uk migration comes from a pool of 6 billion people . 
  the other half comes from a pool of 500 million . 
  now do you see the problem ? 
   whose judgement led him to gamble with the fate of his own country you mean he sensed the country 's democratic will for a referendum and granted it ? 
   you guys political establishment are second only to the u.s at sucking up to big business and can hardly be expected to keep them in line . 
  ha , this really highlights the divide between the uk and the rest of europe . 
  here catering to big business is a good thing as it brings wealth and jobs . 
  uk population pyramid looks pretty healthy in that 2030 graph, 
  the ippr is a left wing think tank that 's part funded by the eu . 
  anything they say take with a truckload of salt . 
  you mean you do n't look at posts like this upvote/downvote % ? 
   but everybody goes to see auschwitz , wtf people ? 
  it looms large in europe 's collective conscious, 
  not being sarcastic or anything , but the harry potter studio tour is extremly impressive, 
   but i think it 's worth appreciating in the space of one lifetime britain went from being a global power to a regional one . 
  no we did n't , we went from being a superpower to a [ global/great power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_power#/media./file:great_powers.svg ) . 
  i understand your line of argument , but i 'm a bit puzzled who finds the situation hard . 
  it 's not like the british isles descended into anarchy , we 're a developed , advanced economy and we still have one of the largest economies and most powerful militaries in the world . 
  and considering our geographical position and close ties to the anglosphere and europe , we 're just as safe as we ever have been . 
  the only real difference is we have less foreign policy clout than we did 75 years ago . 
   when you 've been on top for so long it 's hard to be eclipsed by another country is it ? 
  who finds the current situation difficult ? 
   projections 50 years + from current day are usually way off . 
  population forecasts are usually very accuratem you 're thinking of economic forecasts, 
  great news for the uk and by extension europe , i wonder how many downvotes this will get as it does n't suit the federalist agenda . 
  i 've got to say , russia are really making the u.s look like a right bunch of idiots with all of this . 
  putin has even ended up taking the higher ground by not expelling u.s diplomats . 
  great to see the best language in history dominating as per, 
  is 100 not the average ? 
  so everyone in europe is dumb ? 
   for the same price you could get a really nice 4 bedroom house a few minutes away from the centre of any mid-sized city in the north of england . 
  it 's because all of the career opportunity is in london . 
   the majority of those churches are now converted into clubs and pubs . 
  yeah , there 's a massive church at the top of my road and it 's been converted into flats . 
  the actual church operates out of a small town hall now . 
  hmm , you 've persuaded me to believe it is more important than i initially thought . 
  but some of the things you listed at the end were valued in other european countries before the french revolution . 
  anglo countries have a strong history of property rights that predates 1789 . 
  the founding of the u.s was very much built on the idea of property rights for the everydayman , which lead to political representation . 
   any respectable historian will tell you that the french revolution was more important than either of the world wars . 
  ww2 is much more important than the french revolution , it 's not even a comparison . 
  in all honesty , it was a hell of a lot of bloodshed for very little difference . 
   it 's not like it possible or worth it to try and create an administrative body that is n't born of those ideals . 
  come off it , the eu is just nationalism on a transnational scale . 
  people in this sub are dripping at the mouth for a future european superpower , with a unified armed forces to exert its will around the world . 
  says the same people who stated the economic turmoil will start as soon as the uk voted to leave , they also claimed the uk * must * join the euro all those years ago , they also failed to spot on 08 financial crash . 
  europhiles have a spectacular track record of failure behind them , i think i fancy the uk 's chances tbh . 
  woo uk stronk, 
  this is another thing i 'm completly baffled about , he 's a dickhead for disagreeing with jo cox 's widower ? 
  i think some of it comes down to shock value . 
  after the france attacks people were * shocked * at what had happened , and therefore there was an outcry . 
  people around the world have sort of been expecting something to happen to germany since merkel 's refugee policy , so there is no shock value to it . 
   how can anyone take this guy seriously after all his lies ( especially the nhs ) ? 
  he had nothing to do with that, 
  got to love this sub . 
  in one thread everyone is claiming there is no free speech in europe , in another those who speak freely are labelled as poison lol . 
  i have confidence the uk is slowly clawing it back , the rise of farage/ukip was a sympton of this, 
  we 'll see , she recently lost her majority in the scottish parliament . 
  she benefits massively from the fptp system as the independence vote ( slightly below 45 % now if polls are to be believed , which only equates to around 1.5 million people ) is near exclusively with the snp , whereas the unionist vote is split amongst a number of parties . 
  i think the scots are beginning to catch on that whilst she may be as a talented media figure and debater , she has little interest or aptitude in actually governing . 
  good !, 
  nicola sturgeon gets away with acting like a child in british politics , i 'm glad other countries wo n't tolerate her nonsense . 
   without non-ukip backing leave they would 've got destroyed in the referendum obviously , ukip generally only muster around 12/13 % of the electorate, 
  i do n't know if you 've realised , but faking outrage is no longer an effective political argument .
