   the hydrogen has to come from somewhere sorry i assumed a basic level knowledge from you on this as you were arguing back . 
  hydrogen is incredibly abundant in both the world and the universe . 
  we do n't even know what to do with it there is so much . 
  i was explaining to you the proces by which energy to actually power the car is created . 
  this is the key difference between fcev ( hydrogen cars ) and evs ( electric vehicles ) , electric vehicles have to charge up at stations and then carry the energy around with them , hydrogen cars create it themselves via a process on board which utilises hydrogen as an energy creator . 
  we 've done it !!!!! 111 !! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  but why do they often have distant cousins in the uk ? 
  france has a much much larger middle eastern/north african population than the uk . 
  surely by that logic they must often have family in france ? 
  yeah , it 's amazing how germany has next to no pull for migrants even though it is a pretty decent place, 
  on a per capita basis china are terrible, 
  because those two countries are poor . 
  no time for white guilt when people are starving . 
  * second, 
  we blow you out of the water per capita . 
  as far as first world countries go , the us is pretty poor at the olympics considering the size of your population . 
  you do realise australia is a white country ? 
  britain does n't have as many as mainland europe, 
  why are these people so focused on getting into gb ? 
  is france really that bad ? 
  what does that prove ? 
  i can just as easily paste this ; http://www.techinsider.io/why-hydrogen-powered-cars-are-better-2016-1 i do n't doubt electric vehicles have had more money put into them and their financial backers have paid big money to pr firms to flood the market with pro-electric information . 
  but in recent years the science has begun to suggest hydrogen may actually be better than evs in the long run , companies are only starting to pick up on this now . 
  hydrogen cars create energy in an on-board fuel cell . 
  electric vehicles are the ones that store energy rather than create it , in an electric battery . 
  hydrogen vehicles have much better long term potential . 
  the only problem with them is the lack of re-fuelling infrastructure atm . 
  what ? 
  it must be all that bloody investment in the east, 
  hydrogen cars are a better long term option than electric vehicles, 
  the rest of europe are butthurt we are blowing them out of the water xd, 
  british security services are world class . 
  because this sub is full of old low iq 17 year old european federalists, 
  you can never keep us brits down, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  ooops :p shows how deep-rooted that sterotype is lol, 
  did they not surrender in ww1 as well ? 
  have fun not getting listened to by the germans !, 
  fast food in london is the same as fast food everywhere . 
  yep , the french should have performed when it counted, 
  cmon on man , at that point in history everyone was attacking everyone and us brits just happened to be the best at it . 
  no work in britain needs to be done in thinking of our own past . 
  yeah , it 's ironic as france actually have a good track record in war . 
  but they just did n't perform when it really mattered ( both world wars ) . 
  kind of like that team that looks great for three years , then the world cup comes round and they get knocked out in the groups . 
  agreed . 
  they 're the worst airline i 've ever flown on by a country mile lol . 
  i think the point is the olympics is a very uneven playing field as some countries have huge populations ( china , usa ) so they have a significant advantage over the likes of uk , germany , france etc. 
  this just puts the games in a bit more perspective . 
  if europeans competed as one , which would be a more comparable population size , it shows how well they would do . 
  no , the official method is the way the olympics does it which is where you only count golds . 
  yeah , i think it 's a bit bizarre just how many medals are on offer for it . 
   china back ahead though not anymore . 
  only gold medals count in the standings . 
  yeah , i think gb will do better than that prediction though , but overall china will certainly get 2nd . 
  will change again once velodrome sprint final is over * edit * britain back in 2nd, 
  have you not been following the gold rush tonight ? 
  we 've got a good chance with murray in the tennis final too, 
   but certainly the best eu team lol, 
  yeah , all countries significantly up their funding ahead of a home games though . 
   if they wait for their trip to germany to cut their hair , please tell me this is some sort of satire . 
  you must have lived a charmed life . 
   so most of the time you eat `` chain food '' no you do n't . 
  that 's a random rule you 've seemingly imposed on yourself . 
  in a city like london you can eat whatever you want as everything is available . 
  having enough money to live in london makes you wealthy . 
  some people may spend a lot of their money on rent , but the fact they have the ability to do that means they 're wealthy . 
  there are billions of people who would love to live in london but ca n't . 
  kensington & chelsea , richmond upon thames , kingston , harrow , parts of hammersmith , parts of ealing , parts of islington , parts of sutton etc. 
  there are many nicer areas than holland park lol , i do n't think you explored the whole city . 
   food mostly bad i do n't understand this at all . 
  london is a global city with people from all over . 
  every type of food imaginable is available in london , on top of every major food chain you can think of . 
  it has some of the best restuarents in the world as well . 
  if you do n't like london food , you do n't like food . 
   so much visible poverty . 
  utter nonsense . 
  even the poorest in london are relatively wealthy . 
  you have to be to live there . 
  i 've always considered britain both western and northern europe . 
  yes , but the referendum was not about that . 
  that 's a minor footnote . 
  the referendum was about whether the people of scotland wanted to remain a member of the uk or become independent . 
  and it was a decisive result . 
  no it did n't . 
  staying in the uk meant staying in the uk . 
  that 's what the scottish people voted for . 
  yes , they also voted very differently to what you seem to want only 2 years ago, 
  yep , which there will be one referendum for rather than a string of referendums . 
  just like the scottish issue , 
  there 's significant change all the time everywhere . 
  it does n't mean regions of countries have independence referendums every two years lol, 
  no they would n't , all of the senior people would have the option to keep their jobs in the new location , it 's how the business world works . 
  sure they may hire a new army of desk slaves , but everyone with a degree of seniority will keep their job . 
  forget the yougov poll . 
  the scottish people made a clear descision two years ago . 
   in this business noone speak only one language the sweeping majority from the anglosphere do, 
  stop beating your head against a table man , scotland does n't want another referendum . 
  you need to accept that . 
  * there needs to be a referendum on unification .
