  in other news , france 's sapin is talking nonsense . 
  yeah , i actually voted remain as well . 
  but since seeing the reaction to the vote from europe , i 've come to the realisation we never belonged in the eu . 
  our true allies are australia , us , new zealand etc. 
  the eu , its residents and indeed people on this sub have made it very clear they want the uk to fail since the leave vote . 
  for that i will never forgive them and i hope the eu fails . 
  trump may indeed prove to be a key asset in topling the eu , 
   if the scottish people want a referendum , you 'd be a hypocrite not to give them one . 
  you 'd also be a hypocrite to constantly support the idea of a second vote even when the first was only 2 years ago and all measures of public opinion shows support for independence has not risen . 
  yet more incredibly vague words from sturgeon as she does n't want to admit defeat on the independence issue publicly , as she knows if she does she stands to lose the electoral support of the die-hard scottish nationalist . 
  nothing better than seeing a politician you dislike slowly crumble , 
  i ca n't wait for germany ( with the eu following as per ) to be at logger heads with trump 's america . 
  the uk stands to benefit hugely :d, 
  what on earth does that have to do with anything ? 
  i do n't know what poll you are reffering to , but there are also polls showing the british have not changed their position since the vote . 
  the key point i was making ( which you have have chosen to miss ) is polls are not always accurate , and it 's not feasable nor democratic to re-run votes if they do n't go your way , otherwise there would be no point in running them in the first place , so once a descision has been made in a referendum you stick with it for the long term . 
  i 've pasted the whole article in a comment on this thread, 
   because britain wants only anglosphere folk from now on we want our old allies back , of which portugal is included . 
  probably not for another generation , if ever . 
  may made it very clear in her speech , the uk government always respects the will of the people and they do n't ask a second time . 
  she was reffering to brexit , but the subtext was the scottish no vote two years ago . 
  ultimately its westminster 's choice if scotland has another vote , and all signs point to them not permitting a second vote . 
  of course sturgeon could try and stage one herself , but pro-independence would need to be riding exceptionally high in the polls for a long peroid of time else staging an illegal second vote would be political suicide . 
  as of right now independence is less popular than it was 2 years ago . 
   yes but leaving the market will make exports and imports harder sure , but thats completly up to the eu if they choose to punish the uk ( and inadvertently themselves ) for the uk leaving . 
  the uk will pursue the most open trade arrangement possible . 
  the ball is in brussel 's court . 
   it will be an interesting one . 
  i would n't be surprised if the popularity of a united ireland increases over this ... but that 's also one hell of a mess . 
  yeah , especially if the eu plays hardball with the uk , ireland will be the main eu loser . 
  if that happens i can certainly see irish public opinion swinging against the eu and possibly even towards rejoining the uk as a united ireland . 
  only time will tell . 
   put it like this - i was a huge european federalist for the majority of my life . 
  when we voted to leave the eu , i was absolutely devastated and you can probably find my semi-drunk reddit posts against people who voted to leave from the night of the election if you 're bothered . 
  now , having seen the response online and how i 've felt when i 've been in other countries of europe this year , my only regret is the economic clusterfuck that it 's going to be - it could n't be more apparent to me how hated we really are . 
  exact same as me man . 
  i voted for remain , was very shocked when we voted to leave . 
  but since seeing the reaction from the eu , its residents and people on this sub , i 've come to the realization we never belonged in the european union , we were only ever wanted for the money and prestige we brought . 
  i voted remain , i realise how challenging the next few years will be for us , but i am absolutely certain we 're moving in the right direction . 
  countries like australia , new zealand , usa are our natural allies who wish us well ( as they 've shown since referendum day ) , the europeans are willing us to fail . 
  for that i will never forgive them . 
   thought they did n't want global . 
  the leave campaign actually often argued for increased globalisation, 
  merkel seeks urgent talks after president\u2011elect condemns nato , eu and germany . 
  angela merkel is pressing for a meeting with donald trump after he caused `` astonishment and agitation '' among european leaders with broadsides at nato , the eu and the german chancellor herself . 
  mrs merkel has been unable to arrange an appointment with mr trump in new york or washington and has spoken to him only once . 
  in an interview with the times published yesterday the president-elect praised brexit and predicted that other nations would follow suit . 
  he criticised mrs merkel for the `` catastrophic mistake '' of letting in more than a million `` illegals '' over the past two years . 
  he singled out the german car giant bmw , which is building a plant in mexico , with a threat of 35 per cent tariffs on imports to the united states . 
  bmw shares fell 1.5 per cent yesterday . 
  the president-elect also called nato obsolete in a statement that was applauded by moscow . 
  he said that he wanted to reduce economic sanctions on russia in exchange for a reduction in nuclear weapons . 
  taken together , his remarks have deepened concerns in berlin that his presidency threatens europe 's postwar bond with the us . 
  mrs merkel , who in the times interview earned mr trump 's praise in the past tense -- `` i 've had great respect for her , i felt she was a great , great leader '' -- has offered to meet mr trump in her capacity as chairwoman of the g20 leading economies , according to sources in berlin . 
  however , they suggested that a meeting was unlikely before spring , perhaps weeks after theresa may makes her debut at the white house . 
  the german chancellor responded to mr trump 's criticisms yesterday by warning that europe would have to fend more for itself during the new era in washington . 
  `` we europeans have our fate in our own hands , '' she said . 
  president hollande of france dismissed the criticism of germany 's liberal migrant policy . 
  `` [ europe ] has no need for outside advice to tell it what it has to do , '' he said . 
  frank-walter steinmeier , the german foreign minister , said on a visit to brussels that europe was shocked by mr trump 's words on nato . 
  `` the interview statements of the american president-elect caused , indeed here in brussels , astonishment and agitation , '' mr steinmeier said . 
  `` i have just come from a conversation with the secretary-general of nato , [ jens ] stoltenberg . 
  the comment by president-elect trump , that he thinks nato is obsolete , has been met with concern . '' mr stoltenberg 's spokeswoman later said that he was `` absolutely confident '' of mr trump 's commitment to the military alliance . 
  senior eu diplomats responded by appealing for european unity . 
  `` the best response to the interviews given by the us president-elect is the unity of europeans , to come together as a bloc , '' jean-marc ayrault , the french foreign minister , said . 
  `` there was much talk about europe in this interview , as well as about brexit . 
  the best way to defend europe -- and this is mr trump 's invitation -- is to stay united , to stand together , not to forget that the strength of europeans is their unity . '' he said that the world needed to stick to `` multilateralism , and not to return to nationalism and everyone out for themselves '' . 
  federica mogherini , the eu foreign affairs envoy , warned britain against starting trade talks with the us . 
  `` as long as a member state is a member state there are no negotiations bilaterally on any trade agreement with third parties , '' she said . 
  john kerry , the outgoing us secretary of state , said that mr trump had been wrong to criticise a `` courageous '' mrs merkel , calling his remarks inappropriate . 
  he said : `` i thought , frankly , it was inappropriate for a president-elect of the united states to be stepping in to the politics of other countries in a quite direct manner . '' the kremlin said yesterday that it agreed with mr trump 's assertion that nato was `` obselete '' . 
  dmitri peskov , president putin 's spokesman , said : `` nato is truly an anachronism , and we agree with this . 
  we have long been expressing our views on the organisation , whose systemic objective is confrontation . '' the military alliance was not `` pursuing the ideas of stability , sustainable development and security '' , mr peskov claimed . 
  speaking of eu sanctions on moscow over the ukraine crisis , mr trump said : `` they have sanctions on russia -- let 's see if we can make some good deals with russia . 
  for one thing , i think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially , that 's part of it . '' his vaguely expressed initiative on nuclear weapons prompted scepticism in moscow . 
  two senior pro-kremlin mps appeared to dismiss the idea that russia could disarm in exchange for a softening or lifting of sanctions . 
   i personally know swedes ( and finns ) who have been ( verbally ) attacked for speaking finnish or swedish in the uk care to elaborate ? 
  yeah , it 's incredibly protectionist and undemocratic to boot, 
   i 'm not the one saying i want to convince the other party , you are . 
  right , but the fact you 're arguing tell me you are . 
  in fact , this is by and large a political discussion board , one of the key reasons people come here is to put their ideas forward , with an end goal of bringing people around to their point of view . 
  yes , you 're clearly not used to people on this sub disagreeing with you , but i 'm here and i am , and as a matter of fact i represent the majority opinion across the world . 
  the eu has been an abject failure , it 's in the process of collapsing and it likely wo n't be here in 25 years . 
  you need to wake up and smell the coffee young buck . 
  maybe you just were n't good enough ? 
  if the eu plays hard ball , the uk will play hard ball right back . 
  this is hardly a suprise . 
  * we are discussing topics relating to what the eu is ( or is n't ) there for on this subreddit daily * come off it . 
  there is no real discussion here , every post just ends with * hurr durr we need more eu hurr durr eu is the best * nothing to do with thin or thick skin . 
  it 's everything to do with calling out complete and utter nonsense when i see it . 
  if you ca n't handle me disagreeing with you maybe you should grow thicker skin chuck . 
   and saying ` all signs point towards a crumbling eu and thriving uk outside of it ' is n't exactly an effort to build bridges in that respect . 
  i do n't intend to build bridges , i intend to knock reality into the minds of misguided federalists . 
  they do n't all need to be locked into economic stagnation and absurd levels of unemployment their entire working lives . 
  it can get better for the eu , but its citizens have to actually start questioning what the eu is there for . 
   but yes , the incessant whinging from brits when anyone is even remotely critical of the uk or brexit is becoming rather annoying to say the least . 
  i 'm sorry , but i have every right to point out absurd levels of anti-uk bias in this sub , it used to be only a minor annoyance , since the brexit vote it 's been so full on you have to be blind not to see it . 
  any negative uk news is upvoted to the front page , any positive news is downvoted to oblivion . 
  it 's like the europhiles in this sub ( who make up the majority ) all have their heads in the sand and refuse to acknowledge reality . 
  in the real world all signs point towards a crumbling eu and a strong uk , but of course you wo n't get the impression from this sub .
