  can you provide anything that is relevant ? 
  right , so you do n't consider yourself lucky that you 've been educated in the british system ? 
  i mean you 're an adult at the age of 18 , there is nothing keeping you in the country . 
   considering what the tories have done to immigrants it 's completely justified . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   no somali feels lucky to be here . 
  yes they do , you may be too young/immature to realise this but there is a reason elderly somalies choose to bring their families here ( if the uk lets them in ) . 
  the opportunities given to you here are some of the best in the world , and certainly much better than anything back in somalia . 
  you could work a mediocre job here and still be 50 times richer than 99 % of people in somalia . 
  * because of their meddling in somalia * this is a very weak argument , the uk has ` meddled ' in nearly every country in the world . 
  why is it , despite all of this , somalia is arguably in the worse shape of them all ? 
  hell , the uk went toe to toe with germany not too long ago , where both countries were flattened to the ground , but they rebuilt to what they are today . 
  also , the reason the west last went into somalia was because it wanted to stablise the region in order to deliver humanitarian aid , as it was already lawless and poverty-stricken . 
   i would of rather lived in saudi arabia well , what is stopping you moving there now ? 
  you clearly do n't like the uk , and i highly doubt the british public will be upset to see you go . 
   i 'm a somali living in the u.k , and the reason we ca n't go back to somalia i do n't know what this has to do with anything i said . 
  i was not telling all somalian immigrants to go back to somalia . 
  i was saying somalian immigrants who do n't intergrate well and hold their host country in disdain ( in this case the uk ) should leave that country and go elsewhere . 
  the uk does n't owe spiteful , disrespectful welfare-dependant somalian immigrants anything . 
  in fact , those immigrants are absurdly lucky to be here , they should show respect . 
  in school a somalian kid i knew found out i support the conservatives ( i say found out , i likely told him ) . 
  for the rest of the year he continued to make jokes about how i actively support the murdering of immigrants because of this . 
  he would also make constant jokes at anyone who supported the england national team ( football or rugby ) as if he was completly oblivious to the fact he was in england and pretty much 100 % culturally english . 
  in my experience , somalian muslims often have the largest chip on their shoulder . 
  i do n't mind people from different backgrounds coming and living in england , but if they resent and dislike many things about the country i begin to wonder why they choose to stay here . 
  * 7 % blaming the jews and only 4 % saying al-qaida was responsible . 
  it depends what you value , if you value a psuedo feeling of pan-european geo-political relevance above everything else than by all means continue to support the eu . 
  i personally value democracy , transparency , less-regulation and my government having the ability to control its own borders . 
   except this referendum has nothing to do with the eu . 
  are you trying to argue there was not significant disatisfaction with the establishment/euro/eu attached to the no vote ? 
  no , not in a geo-political context, 
  i predicted this , i wonder how long it will be for people on this sub to realise pretty soon the eu will only exist in history textbooks . 
  us brits have lead the way , my intuition tells me france will be the next to go . 
  oh man , that 's a great opener for a game . 
  felt like i was watching a film . 
   every day italians wake up and think ` man i hope some day we can be in the same league as germany and france ! ', 
  people do n't think about it everyday when they wake up lol , but surely there 's a sense in the italian collective political conscious that italy has n't really been as prominent as it could be in recent years ? 
  considering italy 's population size , modern day cultural impact and history ( roman empire , the beating heart of the renaissance etc ) there 's no reason italy could n't be as relevant as france , or even the uk or germany , in the 21st century . 
   it is like pushing clinton in a donald trump site . 
  not really because this sub is for europe , not the eu . 
  they are two very different thing . 
  if this was the official eu sub then i would n't comment , but it 's the sub for the continent i live on . 
   i am glad i warrant 3 replies in a row . 
  obviously i hit a nerve . 
  or maybe because this is a political discussion board ? 
  you may or may not beleive this , but i actually voted to remain . 
  i 'm not moaning about the eu , i 'm arguing the point that the uk is still the second largest eu economy , which it is . 
  then you choose to pursue the argument on whether this is a pro-eu sub , which it is n't . 
   whatever dude , my point is , do practice some of your british politenesss and stop whining i could say the same to you . 
  you 've seemingly conceded by point and then accused me of whining ? 
  how am i acting like a small child ? 
  my original comment stated britain is still the second largest eu economy , which it is , the rest of my comments then argued that this is not a pro-eu sub , which you 've conceded . 
  what point are you trying to make now ? 
  by readership , yes , by design or structure , no . 
  i mean , an article on a major webite is dedicated to it , clearly some people are, 
  does he realise this probably spurs le pen on ? 
  oh and by the way , that is the [ flag of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) . 
  it 's been the flag of europe since before the eu even existed . 
  lol , you really do n't understand the point of this sub do you ? 
  let me copy and paste what the sub is about * / r/europe covers all european-related content ; as such you will come across content , views and people you disagree with * it 's a european sub , obviously it crosses over a lot with the eu but that does n't mean the sub is dedicated to supporting the eu , where on earth did you get that idea ? 
  in the sub 's official rules it states you will come across people you disagree with , if you ca n't handle that maybe the internet is not the right place for you chuck ? 
  such a misleading title , typical left wing msm . 
  it was the children of illegal immigrants !, 
  somebody 's children have to be bottom of the list , i 'm glad she would n't put people who are legally here at the bottom ... 
  thought you were op when i wrote that . 
  no one is disputing salaries here so i 'm not too sure why you 're fixated on that ? 
  there is a lot more to standard of living than a salary . 
  ok , but you made the claim the standard of living is definatly better for software engineers in the u.s than the uk . 
  you need to provide more evidence than just the u.s average starting salary for computer science grads from a few years ago . 
  what are the current figures ? 
  how do the current figures compare for the two countries ? 
  what is the housing/rental market like in the areas they 're likely to work ? 
  how much do they pay for healthcare or is it included in tax ? 
  what benefits are they likely to have ? 
  if you do n't know these you ca n't really make the claim . 
   what success have those who have been priced out of their homes known there are always winners and losers in life . 
  is that success ? 
  well , it depends on your definition of success . 
  but to get financial success and make your mark on the world that 's often what it takes . 
   if them nationalist brits wan na feel `` empire that never sets '' wut, 
   projecting as far as 2080 is quite pointless and guessing at best long term population forecasts tend to be relatively accurate , provided nothing major happens ( e.g. 
  nuclear war ), 
   standards of living for a highly paid job like a software engineer are really high in the us . 
  definitely higher than in the uk , at least . 
  can you provide stats for that ? 
  those are all common side effects of success . 
  the eu is not a continent, 
  the description of this thread it * `` 50 ( +6 ) countries , 230 languages , 743m people ... 1 subreddit . 
  '' * it 's a european thread , not an eu one . 
  maybe you 'd have a warmer reception at / eu instead ? 
  i do n't know about the austrian one , but both trump and brexit were within the margin of error, 
  the polls were neck and neck right before the vote, 
  maybe if the office operates/has ambitions to operate internationally, 
  why 's that interestting to note ? 
  the uk is on the opposite end of the spectrum to france and austria in this regard . 
   half of them did n't finish high school and a third were illiterate in their own language but these people would be the next rocket scientists and nuclear technicians never underestimate people, 
  do most offices in greece operate in greek or english ? 
  nope , both are the uk . 
  is this not just average student rent ? 
  rather than the market as a whole ?
