  only deadbeat retirees who do n't have enough money to retire comfortably in england . 
  i 'm pretty rich, 
   i 'm a young person and i 'm voting tory . 
  nice one so am i make sure all potential young tories register to vote !, 
   i find it weird , considering that it 's the same country where access to porn is limited and some cities are nightmarishly full of cctv . 
  lol the salt from you and this sub in regards to the uk is mental . 
  just face it spaniard , your country will never be as good as ours . 
  yes , register and vote conservative on june 8th !, 
  i 'm sure people willing to spend money to listen to him will not be deterred by that, 
   that 's thatcherism for you !, 
  can you please explain the link between thatcherism and low productivity ? 
   what shocked me most about this is that people are ready to pay # 63 to see nigel farage speak he is very high profile . 
  arguably the most recognisable british politician on a global level , he was also in the running to be time magazine 's person of the year in 2016 . 
  anyone that famous can command a decent fee from someone, 
  not a fan of the direction may is taking the tories in, 
   the area that was pro-remain ? , hmm strange that not really at all . 
  wealthy areas like london trended towards remain as those areas are content with the status quo , migrants tend to be attracted to the wealthy areas of a country like london . 
  great to see the conservatives making inroads in scotland and wales, 
  good luck france !, 
  us brits tried but we found the union unreformable, 
   working in everything from pret to finance jobs . 
  mostly pret though , along with italians . 
  it tends to be the french working in finance . 
   i 've never actually met a spaniard in the uk now that i think about it . 
  met lots of germans , french , and tons of poles and bulgarians , but never once a spaniard . 
  it 's always been more brits moving to spain than the other way around . 
  there 's quite a few in london, 
  cmon , i know this sub is generally a pro-eu echo chamber , but does anyone actually believe articles like this ? 
  or do people just upvote it because they want it to happen ? 
  the eu share of the global economy is dropping year on year and has been for an awfully long time ... 
  um that would be moronic due to how complex international trade is and it would likely cause significant damage to our continent ? 
  surely you know this ? 
  well then chuck do n't throw your toys out of the pram when we abide by the rules in what you deem to be a `` dick move '', 
   it 's still a dick move . 
  it 's a dick move by the eu to not let britain negotiate new trade deals . 
  * the office ( uk ) , despite being a comedy , very accurately portrays life as an average office worker in a mediocre english city * i disagree with this . 
  the office uk is a satire on * the most * boring office in * the most * boring , run of the mill area . 
   too many people singing in english it 's like that every year chuck, 
   way to let down your country why on earth would this let down the entire country of australia ? 
  strength of currency does n't mean anything . 
  as i said in my first comment if you bothered to read it , any * percieved * negatives , in this case a weaker currency , is offset by other positives , in this case stronger exports . 
  so in other words , the eu is reliant on the british , french and scandinavian markets . 
   the ridiculously over-inflated value of houses meh , it 's only over inflated because so many people want to live here . 
  none of what you 've said is based in facts , it 's just opinions you 've head in left leaning media that you 've swallowed whole . 
  as of yet nothing bas has * actually * happened , it 's all just wishy wash hear say like * massive constitutional crisis * which means absolutely nothing . 
  not being funny , but the us and the uk figures `` beheading '' themselves with the populism guillotine implies trump and brexit have caused damage to the countries , but the fact if as of right now they have n't . 
  looking outside the rhetoric coming out of left leaning media , not a huge amount has changed . 
  both countries are stable and growing strongly , whatever percieved negatives there has been from the two movements it has been offset by other positives . 
  for the uk a slow down in services has been met with an increase in manufacturing . 
  * downvotes for truth ? 
  so this is 2.2 % drop in 3 months ? 
  damn, 
   fields , fields and more fields with old stone walls and farm houses scattered about . 
  amazing how england is such an economic powerhouse when most of it is as described, 
   but if the scientists decide they do n't want to live in the usa anymore they 're going to have a problem . 
  you 're pissing in the wind if you think succesful scientists at established american universities are going to get up , learn a new language , move to a new country and re-establish themselves on the other side of the world in a country with notably worse universities and research standards because of a temporary president . 
   i know universities !, 
  i have the best universities !, 
  one of the few things he 'd be right on, 
  research , academia and higher education are of a much higher standard in the u.s. 
  is this not the news for every large economy ? 
   when i head to london to study in september . . what you studying and where ? 
  bit of a step down for scientists at the best american universities to go to france though, 
   you have done pretty well not really , i was just born into a wealthy family, 
   sorry , i don \u00b4 t buy that you are a remainer , you do n't have to , many people in this sub do n't . 
  but i own property in london , leaving the eu is one big financial risk for me . 
   after the dissolution of the uk that could happen if brexit really wrecks the british economy . 
  it 's this attitude that revealed itself after the brexit vote that shows me ( a remain voter ) that we never belonged in a political union with europe . 
  you only wanted us for the added prestige and money we brought . 
  the country has now rallied behind the brexiteers . 
  we will never be back . 
   it 's a rival to us hegemony . 
  lmao, 
   europeans keep getting cast as americans in movies . 
  is this not more of a british thing ? 
   i do n't really know what they want , in clear , concise detail to this da control on eu migration, 
  he 's probably eluding to the fact the anti-eu vote has grown to around 35 %, 
  is le pen really extreme right ? 
  i 've read her economic policies are very left leaning, 
  is the result always announced this fast in france ? 
  the title asserts it 's an anti-brexit mural , and that 's what i 'm queerying here, 
   but isnt this actually a bad thing ? 
  not really . 
  no matter how much you scream about billionaires , at the end of the day they pay vast amounts of tax compared to a regular worker , they often employ huge numbers of people and they use private healthcare and privately educate their children ( so they do n't rely on the state ) . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with a wealth gap, 
  has banksy made a statement saying it 's an anti-brexit mural himself ? 
  it could be interprated either way tbh, 
  thatcher 's market liberalisation *, 
  would love to see a battle of britain sequel to this by nolan too, 
  oh man , i 'm excited for this one, 
   ca n't just refer to them as french soldiers ? 
  the film people are probably worried that would risk excluding the american market . 
     nominally , as a result of the inflated pound . 
  down to 9th behind indonesia and brazil if you look at the ppp figures . 
  no , economic size is not decided by strengh of the currency . 
  it was that sloppy thinking that allowed many people to think the uk had dropped behind france into 6th after brexit , [ read this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) for clarification if you 're still confused . 
  again , when people talk about overall economic weight , they do n't talk about ppp . 
  you 've just picked that one particular figure because it makes the uk appear lower than it is on normal gdp calculations . 
  pretty poor debating tactics . 
   i 've seen a lot of grumbling about `` those pakis '' have you just stepped out of the 1970s ?
