  lucky for you the uk simply wo n't return to full blown membership . 
   if women are inherently equal to men and face no societal discrimination , would n't the male-female ratio be around 50-50 anyways ? 
  men and women often have different interests and choose to go into different fieldds . 
   they 're often not taken seriously , looked over for promotions , but they 're often given opportunities in different circumstances as parties are desperate to look progressive and put forward more female candidates . 
   if there were no women interested then the jump from 26 % to 42 % would not be possible . 
  there 's obviously women interested , but the problem is there is more men than women looking for a career in politics . 
  so if there 's a sudden surge in female candidates , it raises questions around the selection process . 
   could you imagine the uproar on here if it was only a quarter men ? 
  that 's because this sub is mostly male , as men tend to be more interested in politics , which would cause an uproar as all the blokes would be wandering where the hell all the male candidates are . 
   nothing , which is precisely why it was a bit weird to have three times as many men as women . 
  maybe more men seek to have a career in politics ? 
   i find him moderately amusing but it annoys me sometimes how much he plays up inaccurate british ( and other european ) stereotypes to please his us audience yeah , i do find the non-stop british stereotyping ott , especially because 99 % of those stereotypes are negative . 
   `` it 's a good cake , look , it 's made in britain . '', 
    said no one ever in the history of france . 
  put your petty nationalism aside . 
  britain makes very good cakes and sells many in france , i beleive you 're our largest export market . 
  the scottish tories positioned themselves and messaged the issue much more clearly than labour . 
  but the labour vote was very small in the local elections, 
   but i would n't doubt that a significant percentage of people in kensington are n't able to vote in uk elections ( 48.1 % were born outside the uk , of which a large percentage probably have n't yet acquired citizenship ) . 
  how do you know a large percentage have n't acquired citzenship ? 
  the areas statistics are n't that dissimilar from the rest of londons . 
   the scottish independence situation , this has pretty much been resolved, 
   dup bizarrely want a hard brexit . 
  they want a hard border with the rest of ireland . . no they do n't , they want a soft border with ireland and a hard brexit . 
  pretty odd position to take , but this is the dup . 
   are you assuming they do ? 
  it 's quite a well known phenomenon, 
   so may 's gamble backfired spectacularly and now her coalition partners will likely force her to seek a soft brexit which would be complete and utter humiliation as the uk i do n't know man , the dup were very pro-brexit and quite hardline on the whole issue . 
  if the tories went into coalition with the lib dems again that would have been more likely . 
  also , i do n't think that 's a humiliation . 
  let 's not forget 48 % voted for remain and i highly doubt everyone who voted leave wanted a hard brexit . 
  the prospect of staying in the single market is quite appealing . 
  we get it eu !, 
  you 're ready , but we 're not !, 
  so chill, 
  that could have played a part , but labour did pretty terribly in the scottish local elections , so i do n't think it was a major factor . 
   meanwhile the poorest areas of glasgow voted conservative in the local election . 
  that was more driven by the prospect of a second indy ref , rather than them ideologically aligning with the conservatives . 
  oh god , i forgot how militant the anti-uk crowd are in this sub xd, 
   the rich house owners of kensington are increasingly not actually inhabitants of kensington - entire swathes of housing have been bought up by people who are n't resident ( often not being british citizens or residents ) who do n't or ca n't vote . 
  i live in kensington and this is nonsense . 
  you get the odd house which may be empty for a month or two at a time , but the sweeping majority are inhabited by families who reside there permanently . 
  any house that is n't inhabited by the owners is almost always rented out , those people are rich for a reason , they do n't just throw away money . 
  i can already tell the dup will be the left 's new boogeyman for the next few years , before it inevitably goes back to being nigel farage, 
  what headcoverings do the dup legislate for ? 
  the british isles really are beautiful * why downvotes ? 
   labor 's up 32 seats , torries are down by 13 . 
  not the question he asked . 
  labour lost by a margin of 60 seats , which is a significant margin . 
  i could have told you this in 2014 . 
  you do n't just rerun referenda because the losing side wants another pop . 
  lol number 5, 
  i do n't know if he realises but the uk is definatly not ready, 
   not the impression i got from living in scotland . 
  60 % of scottish voters voted for parties that vowed to block another independence referendum , most of them made this their key manifesto pledge . 
  your impression of the situation does n't mean anything in face of the facts . 
   i would n't exactly say clear rejection because the conservatives do n't have a majority there , the pro-independence vote share has dropped to 37 % , it 's a complete rejection, 
   i 'm very disappointed to see sarah olney lose richmond , she 'd just won the by-election like 4-5 months ago meh , she was absurdly lucky to get in the first time, 
   that is some kind of anti-indyref2 pro-brexit message right ? 
  it 's an anti-indyref2 message entirely , has little to do with brexit, 
   if scotland had n't shat the bed and handed a 22 seat swing to the tories blame the snp for continually banging on about another indy ref, 
  mean the uk stays in single market and accepts freedom of movement etc, 
  ha yeah , i 'm hoping for a tory lib dem coalition, 
  keep telling yourself that chuck , 
  that argument massively overestimate support for the eu in scotland , turn out for eu ref was somewhat low . 
  the union with the rest of the uk is * much * more important to them , as these results show ( assuming exit poll is correct ) . 
   germoney pls rule us for a few years looks like england will continue to rule you , 
   it 's days like this that remind me how fucking boring our politics are . 
  lol , in recent years i feel like british politics has really given american politics a run for it 's money in terms of sheer entertainment, 
  if this exit poll is correct the uk will almost certainly stay in the single market, 
  they refuse to accept the democratic voice of the majority of scotland, 
  good , fuck the snp, 
  lol oh man , if this exit poll is correct uk is staying in the single market . 
  also snp losing huge numbers of seats in scotland xd, 
  tories will gain 40 seats or so imo, 
  damn , this one hits home for me . 
  attacking people my own age in my own city , only round the corner from where i was on friday . 
  were you near where it happened trucidator ? 
  we are in the eu, 
  [ hurr durr , let 's all link stuff ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/bbc-election-debate-left-wing-bias-jeremy-corbyn-labour-audience-theresa-may-conservatives-a7766311.html ), 
  yes , as they know they 've been heavily in favour of labour up until this point so it 's a poor attempt to balance it out . 
   rightwing policies can not be defended in an open is that why the conservative party is one of the most succesful political organisations in western history ? 
  no , bbc officials have said it 's even possible hard-left labour activists pretended to be tories to get into the audience of the leader 's debate . 
  it 's a national disgrace ... 
  good !, 
  the anti-right wing bias in bbc audiences has been a problem for years , but this election campaign it seems to be off the scale . 
  the organisation is supposed to represent the country , but it is so heavily skewed towards the political left . 
  dude , just google the negotiating teams from both sides and look into their backgrounds ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  about half of the eu and uk brexit negotiating teams are career diplomats and civil servants . 
  elected officials have too much stuff to do to do it all by themselves , they all have vast teams behind them . 
  how do you not know this lol ? 
   why is noone excited for these ? 
  it 's covered non stop on this sub, 
  no , elected politicians will negotiate alongside career bureaucrats . 
  all the intelligence and ground work on what specifics to push for will be fed through to the people at the negotiating table by an army of civil servants . 
  it 's the same for every country chuck . 
  the government and the civil service are different things . 
  it 's the civil service who will do all of the leg work . 
  no , uk will let scotland vote again once brexit is wrapped up provided it looks like the majority of scots want a vote ( as of right now they do n't ) .
