  based on their policies . 
  le pen wants to stop all immigration ( which would only be possible outside the eu ) , she wants to take france out of the euro . 
  macron wants to stay in , and if anything wants deeper ties ( which is the general direction of travel for countries on the continent ) , the only real change he wants to make is the relaxation of french labour laws ( which is what the global establishment is lobbying for ) . 
  i know his party is new , but the message he is campaigning on is pro-establishment , whereas le pens is vehementaly anti-establishment . 
  not to mention macron is a former economic minister to the french president , he 's also a former banker and was educated at france 's top school which is a breeding ground for future french presidents . 
  the idea macron is anti-establishment is laughable . 
   because no one within britain seems to like britain , except for england . 
  that 's not true at all , you only think that because most brits who comment on internet forums like this are left wing millennials , britain is well liked and respected by the majority of people in all parts of the uk . 
  of course he 's the status quo candidate in comparison to le pen, 
  yes , and i was referring to my comment . 
  do you really lack the intelect to not see that ? 
  not for long :p, 
  wonder how the eu elite will act when the uk takes military intel off the table xd, 
  great part of the uk, 
  absolute nonsense . 
  the uk has had healthy demographics for a long time , long before mass eu migration started in the early 00s . 
  you 're just saying that , despite it having no basis in reality , as it backs up your * eu = good * ideology . 
  you 're hoping no one would bother to correct you , but you 're wrong buddy . 
  try again . 
  the eu you mean , r/europe loves the eu . 
  the eu is not europe . 
  this sub loves meaningless statistics, 
   ireland could be missing other factors that make it business friendly . 
  have you not followed the new these past few years ? 
  ireland has literally done everything to make itself business friendly . 
  oh god , we 've got another one desperate to discredit it as it runs against the mantra * hurr durr uk weak eu stronk hurr durr *, 
   but if you think uk will go back to what it was before joining the eu , that is also not gon na happen you mean a post-ww2 bankrupt burning pile of rubble ? 
   also japan is in the risk of being engulphed by south korea and china economies that 's because china and south korea were both recently third world and are now rapidly developing , pair that with very strong population growth for the two and population stagnation/decline for japan . 
     nevertheless , japan has suffered from two `` lost '' decades of economic stagnation . 
  that 's mainly due to terrible demographics ( more elderly people , shrinking workforce , less consumer spending ) , whereas the uk has very healthy demographics for an advanced country . 
  germany on the other hand are likely to experience the same as japan very soon . 
  ha yeah , or maybe , you know , like all sensible people he knows membership of the european union does n't make or break the prosperity of advanced economies . 
  he gave one reason , i made a point that made that reason null and void , he then changed the goal posts on his original point and then tried to discredit the ranking system . 
  it 's pretty desperate . 
  to be fair i do n't know about that sub , i have heard very bad things so i tend to stick to r/ukpolitics but either way , this sub is a massive circle jerk as well, 
  the truth need to be said chuck, 
  lol , you seem pretty desperate to discredit the ongoing success of british business, 
  which uk sub ? 
  and a circle jerk for what ? 
   between 2012 and 2015 a time when an eu referendum was on the horizon ? 
  then why does ireland have so few in comparison ? 
  * adjusted for size of population of course *, 
  great to see the uk right by germany , despite having 15 million less people !, 
  somehow i do n't think this post will gain traction , as despite being interesting and comprehensive data from a reputable source , it does n't fit the pro-eu anti-uk circle jerk . 
  suprised how few france has given size of population, 
  strength of currency does not dictate size of economy . 
  i do n't blame you for making that mistake , many people did . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) article explains quite clearly why many people made the mistake you just made , and in fact france never overtook the uk . 
  it 's not just a slight lead , the lead the uk has over france is now quite sizeable ( some could say this is the reason two anti-estbalishment candidates have made it to the final round ) . 
  the uk economy is closer to germany in size than france is to the uk . 
  that economic data is from 2013 , as of [ 2017 ] ( https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/03/worlds-biggest-economies-in-2017/ ) the uk has a sizeable lead on france . 
  again , that military data is flawed as it only takes into account number of personel , tank etc. 
  the uk has more advanced technology and * much * better military intelligence . 
   what is the premier league ? 
  is it that league which is made up of foreigners ( immigration  ) ? 
  the top teams are made up of lots of the best players around the world . 
  the teams lower down tend to be mostly british . 
   i still wonder why he , as a left wing leader he 's not , he jut overtook a left wing party . 
  he 's more of a centrist like macron . 
  it does n't matter what a pm would want , it 's entirely down to the vote in the commons . 
  as we saw when parliament rejected action in syria a couple of years ago . 
  lol , using language brexiteers will understand !, 
  good luck with that macron !, 
  the eu would n't form when it 's second largest economy and largest military power was about to walk , sadly it looks unreformable . 
   from the ena school is that like the french version of oxford/harvard ? 
  how 's that positive or negative ? 
  germany has been an economic powerhouse my whole life . 
  seeing it 's economy shrink due to poor demographics , whilst france and the uk power ahead , is going to be odd to say the least . 
  uk is the one who has no friends but is set to go to oxford so he does n't care, 
   uk acts like he 's from money , he actually lives in a semi in the suburbs . 
  second richest in the class, 
   france is a dude with a massive dong . 
  and all the girls knows it and want to be fucked , even tho they wo n't ever admit it . 
  your comment sums up what france really is . 
  a sleazebag that creeps everybody out xd, 
  gon na be odd to say the slown economic decline of germany over our lifetime, 
  lol , your writing gives me a headache . 
  * i do n't buy this horsepuckey . 
  you either did n't vote remain or you regret your vote and switched . 
  * you do n't have to buy it . 
  this sub tends to be a pro-eu echo chamber so when someone is n't aggressively anti-brexit people get suspicious . 
  i 'm an educated professional working in london , i own property here and my family owns even more . 
  it 's not in my interest to leave the eu , and the economic disruption is a headache . 
  but if i 'm being honest , i think we 'll do absolutely fine in the long run . 
  take from that what you will . 
   they are still not even close to the snp yeah , never claimed they would gain a majority , but they will likely make significant gains in scotland . 
  * ni is falling apart politically * incredibly overdramatic . 
  there 's some rumblings from nationalists for reunification , which is exacerbated by the left wing media , but it 's nothing unheard of . 
  there 's no indication anywhere near a majority want independence or any sort of referendum . 
   what i 'd call an endorsement of the may government . 
  i never said she 's going to get a majority of mp 's in scotland . 
  i just said she 's riding high in the polls , which she is . 
  she 's dominating in england and set to make significant gains in scotland and wales . 
  most polls vary , some go up to 12 atm . 
  just stating the facts chuck . 
  i voted remain . 
  i just never believed the anti-brexit hysteria and i continue to argue against the hive mind on both sides . 
  yes , scottish conservatives set to take up to 15 seats off the snp as support for sturgeon and another referendum slumps . 
  conservative do n't seriously contest northern ireland , but the large party in ni most similar to the tories is set to win . 
  also , the uk is not just scotland and northern ireland .
