   she is popular as ever in scotland . 
  no she 's not . 
  opinion polls for her have dipped , snp lost their overall majority in the scottish parliament last local election . 
   but if she starts straying into blocking it outright territory then that 's when things get very risky for her , yeah , may is very calculating , i think she 's too smart to do that . 
  lol , may has backhanded sturgeon back into place, 
  really feel sorry for france . 
  the amount of attacks you guys have had to endure . 
  a man who 's made billions of dollars and got elected to the most powerful position in the world with no political/military experience against the entire washington/media establishment is not smart ? 
   there are some genuinely dumb people in politics , even in top positions such as ? 
   no , it 's enough to be an opportunist with sociopathic tendencies . 
    you do n't have to be intelligent to abuse fear and hate to control people , it 's always been like that . 
  tell your people you 're attacked and they will look for the `` strong '' one , the one with the easy answers , the one that threatens the current enemy whoever that is at that point in time . 
  it 's hardwired in the human brain , remnants of thousands of years of always the same group dynamics . 
  americans knew that in 2001 , they knew it in november 2016 , the germans knew it in 1933 , the turks knew it in 2016 . 
  you just need to not have any morals or scruples . 
    source : every despot in human history , born into wealth or power . 
  it 's really not . 
  stupid opportunists with sociopathic tendencies become serial killers . 
  smart opportunist with sociopathic tendencies become dictators . 
  yeah , they 're mostly born into wealth and power to begin with . 
  we all know that 's a massive advantage . 
  but it completly ignores all the other people born into wealth and power who never make it anywhere near the top of their respective industries on their own merit . 
  many of them exists , you just have no idea as they never garner any attention in the media . 
   he might be insane . 
  but that does n't change that fact that he is intelligent yeah , i always find it odd when people claim politicians they do n't agree with are stupid . 
  if you 've made it to the top of politics , you 're highly intelligent . 
   then make motherhood a good paying job with vacation and sick pay . 
  wo n't work . 
  it already is quite an attractive option across large parts of europe . 
  but the feminists have drummed it into young women 's heads that their career must always come first . 
   it was more or less in reference to birmingham being perceived as a post-industrial shithole with not much to offer that stereotype does n't really apply to modern birmingham . 
  it 's the uk 's second city , it 's had lots of inward investment in recent years and its local economy is pretty strong . 
  the mythical wage gap being a result of the mythical patriarchy came from gender studies academic research, 
   it is a mathematical fact that a sample of roughly 1,000 provides a 3 % margin of error with 95 % confidence lmao, 
  yeah , that 's why i said it used to be much more respected than it is now . 
  it 's still good now , but you have to be aware there 's a load of pseudo academics/psuedo research which is financed and published with the purpose of pushing an agenda . 
  that 's turn out for everyone , not young people lol, 
   wow this sub is brigaded by the right lmao , this sub is entirely dominated by eu-federalists on the hard left, 
  why is tusk so insecure about the eu ? 
  it 's not a threat to say we can leave with no deal , it 's a fact . 
   70 \u2105 of young people opting for independence . 
  but young people turn up to vote in such small numbers it never really matters what they think compared to the oldies . 
   70 \u2105 of young people opting for independence . 
  but young people turn up to vote in such small numbers it never really matters what they think compared to the oldies . 
   70 \u2105 of young people opting for independence . 
  but young people turn up to vote in such small numbers it never really matters what they think compared to the oldies . 
   well scotcens is an academic collaboration . 
  yougov is a polling company i would trust the polling company more than the academic collaboration tbh . 
  academia is nowhere near as respected as it once was . 
  it 's given birth to modern feminism . 
  lol it 's hilarious this post makes it to the front page . 
  but the post citing yougov polling from today ( more reputable ) stating support for independence has actually dropped is downvoted to oblivion . 
  this sub is such an echo chamber it 's enfuriating . 
  there 's never any room for proper discussion . 
  [ yeah man ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/841778219338612736 ) , i clearly do n't understand the polling industry at all, 
  so sturgeon now wants a scotland out of the uk * and * out of the eu ? 
  after being aggressively pro-eu yesterday ? 
  scotland to be the next iceland ? 
  the telegraph is pretty well respected . 
  it might be right wing , it does n't mean it 's not worth listening to . 
   that 's dissapointing news it 's brilliant news !, 
  the union will endure !, 
  above all , this shows us sturgeon has no coherent plan for an independent scotland . 
  she just wants independence at all costs . 
  this wo n't play well with floating scottish voters who would only back independence with a concise , well thought out plan . 
  wow , this could spell the end of the snp forever . 
  northern europe best europe, 
  from all i read about the irish economy , i thought ireland would be higher than that . 
  as a remainer , i 'm genuinly impressed at how well the uk economy is doing . 
  i know nothing 's officially changed yet , but everyone knows we 're leaving the eu , scotland is almost certainly going to have another referendum at some point . 
  yet despite all this uncertainty , the uk economy is still doing well , creating jobs and growth etc. 
  pretty impressive . 
  * 46 % of the 1,237 people surveyed between july and december of last year now back independence * that 's a pretty small sample size to conclude support for scottish independence is at its highest ever level . 
   there is n't an integration or religious radicalism problem with sikhs , so its different . 
  very true . 
  there 's a large number of sikhs in london and they 've have never caused problems in the way muslim communities have . 
   i targeted my statement at op because i believe his approval of the decision is n't in the spirit of the court but rather only directed at the symbols of certain faiths . 
  completly wrong . 
  you 're projecting your own insecurity on to me . 
  i do n't think muslim women should be allowed to wear hijabs when working in customer facing roles . 
  much like i do n't think japanese women should be allowed to wear kimonoes , or orthodox jews wear their own gear , or christians run around with ash crosses on their forehead . 
  i assume by your acceptance of religous symbols in the workplace , you also support people wearing political symbols ? 
  should starbucks workers in your country be able to wear `` vote afd '' t-shirts instead of the standard uniform ? 
  whatever you believe is fine , but keep it out of the workplace . 
   should i be arrested stopped by the police ? 
  am i being overtly mysterious about my identity ? 
  if you are in a working environment and you are wearing a hoody , then yes you overtly mysterious about your own identity . 
  my problem is not with people wearing hijabs , it 's with them wearing hijabs whilst working , and particularly in customer facing roles . 
  * your problem is with ethnicity * lol , if you could see me in real life you would laugh . 
   the problem is yours . 
  clearly not with this ruling , 
  lol , of course a thug in a hoody is concealing his identity . 
   why would it conceal identity ? 
  is a cancer patient wearing a wig concealing their identity ? 
  is a thug in a hoody ? 
  really hope he pulls through , fillon is the only choice for france !, 
  wonder what effect this will have on the dutch elections, 
  it 's my opinion . 
   do you think that this difference is biological or societal ? 
  i think biological .
