  most `` predictions '' considered you 'd leave shortly after the vote , yes but all of those negative predictions stated * as soon as * we voted out we would be plunged into oblivion , that has n't happened . 
  we were never going to leave shortly after the vote , despite what the odd person might have said , to do so would be complete madness . 
  for starters there is a two year negotiating window once article 50 is triggered . 
  and of course britain was always going to take some time before triggering article 50 to sort out what position it wants to take . 
  it 's much more important the uk does this correctly rather than quickly . 
   considering zero hour contracts only 3 % of the uk workforce are on zero hour contracts . 
  they 're really not the boogeyman they 're made out to be . 
  in fact they 're incredibly useful for small-medium size businesses and students . 
  all the u.s. ones are basic and unoriginal, 
  central london ?!, 
  how 'd you afford that lol, 
  what city do you live in now ? 
  what do you do for a job ? 
  damn , in the uk the only downside to the countryside is the lack of career opportunities . 
  no , they 've been reporting on the failure of the euro for 15 years . 
  and if we 're all honest with ourselves , they 're right . 
  damn , i 'm impressed the uk is so high, 
  they 're all in the uk !, 
  it 's also nice to spend time with your parents , they 're not going to be around forever . 
  what 's the industry ? 
  out of interest, 
   i do feel quite sorry for people born in london you should n't , most people who are born in london are born to parents who own property in the city . 
  meaning their parents often have net worths over a million , which many parents are willing to share with their kids to help them get on the property ladder . 
  you should really feel sorry for people born outside london who then move to london to work . 
  uk house prices are only really unaffordable in the south east , everywhere else they 're fine, 
  1 ) it depends where you are , in london you 'll be fine . 
  go to a post-industrial town up north and you may not be . 
  2 ) people who are racist wo n't be racist to your face . 
  3 ) people may not be able to tell you 're polish . 
  you 're only saying that because you 're a federalist from another european country . 
  you deal in lots of absolutes which leads me to beleive you would have backed leave had you been born and raised in the uk . 
  if you were a brit , you would have voted for brexit xd, 
  do i detect a smidge of butthurt ? 
  agreed . 
  although as a brit i 'm very glad other countries are going to have to figure out how to run a country succesfully with an aging population before us . 
  no doubt it will require much trial and error . 
  was only a joke !, 
  british politics 101 : the french are never mentioned xd, 
  yeah , merkel 's definatly a better leader than hollande and her handling of the brexit situation has proved that . 
   passable english , also called globish , is the language of business . 
  no english is . 
  if you enter a boardroom with anything less than perfect english you get laughed out of the room . 
   and some people say the guardian has an obvious bias it 's acknowledged by all the guardian leans heavily to the left , not just some, 
   will speak at least passable english passable english is n't acceptable at the highest level of business . 
  * why is this one downvoted ? 
  you really think stumbling through in pidgeon english is acceptable when sitting across a table from business titans of the english speaking world ? 
  not to mention in paris most businesses do n't use the international language of business * butthurt downvotes as per on this sub xd *, 
  the working class tried to build political opposition . 
  none of the major media outlets cared nor none of the major political parties ( this was when labour has already begun to abandon the white working class in favour of the migrant vote ) . 
  the anti-gentrification movement has only gained traction now as the guardian supports it , as that paper always fights tooth and nail for migrants . 
  no such paper exists for the working class . 
  only now with the rise of ukip does this group have any sort of political representation at all , although this only amounts to one 1 parliamentary seat for 13 % of the electoral vote . 
  not really at all , although i was speaking about gentrification more generally rather than just germany . 
  [ 600,000 white brits ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/9888310/lets-talk-about-the-exodus-of-600000-whites-from-london.html ) , predominantly working class , left london across the early 2000s , no one said a word . 
  now minorities are going through the same thing and suddenly gentrification is the root of all evil ? 
  people wonder why brexit succeeded , why trump is leading the republicans , why lepen is surging in france , it 's because the white working class are treated much worse than newly arrived migrants . 
  the situation is shameful . 
  why was n't anyone worried about gentrification when it was white working class people being pushed out ? 
  it 's only become an issue since it started affecting minorities . 
  are england going to pay for this ? 
  or does it come directly from scottish taxes ? 
  but most english ( who know much more about all of this ) do n't . 
  ukip only manage around 12 % of the vote usually , vote leave managed 52 % . 
  it was a mistype , but i hope you 're not implying the snp is n't a nationalist party ? 
   most people outside of england see ukip as the living embodiment of english nationalism . 
  but only a small minority of english people support ukip , in comparison to a very sizeable chunk of scots who support the scottish nationalist party . 
  nationalism is stupid wherever you find it , but it is undoubtedly much more prevalent in scotland than in england . 
  well it is a rejection , she is the one who has ultimate authority on whether it happens or not . 
  * lol at the butthurt downvotes , this sub can wish for an independant scotland all it wants , it 's not going to happen . 
  the once in a generation vote was two years ago . 
  deal with it *, 
   could there not be a separate minister for that sort of thing ? 
  minister for foreign interventions ? 
  nope , it 's in his remit, 
  the department that handles brexit and the department that handles foreign wars are completly seperate . 
  using military force overseas will not lessen governmental focus on brexit negotiations . 
  to wipe out terrorist fuck heads, 
  bbc have never been impartial . 
  they hate any party/ideology that is n't towards the political centre . 
  why would the queen dying make any difference ? 
  scottish independence from the uk and whether scotland wants to have a monarchy are two completly different issues . 
  skilled yes , at least in the south east it is v easy . 
  uk here , can confirm it 's very easy to find a full time job, 
  oh come on , farage is a likeable character , it 's why he 's been so successful . 
  he says some pretty bad stuff , but he reminds you of a friendly drunk you meet down the pub . 
   coming from northern england really ? 
  the political pendulum in northern england seems to be swinging away from the left and toward ukip . 
  the snp are regressive , anti-english and anti-business . 
  pretty much , both are as bad as each other just different ends of the spectrum . 
  she is living proof that people in their 20s do not belong in parliament . 
   one of the major reasons a lot of scots voted no was because they wanted to stay in the european unio this is such a nonsense argument . 
  the scots are not a bunch of simpletons . 
  they knew exactly what they were voting for in the independence referendum . 
  that was to stay in the uk , everything else was absurdly secondary . 
  it would be shambolic if they did, 
  not really basking , i voted remain . 
  but i had a strong suspicion leaving would be nowhere near as bad as many people were suggesting , and no one suggested such an apocalypse like situation as federalists on this sub . 
  i just find it amusing they 've all gone rather quiet now they 've seen the uk chugging along strongly . 
  i think that , along with the tax problems with the eu , will lead ireland to leave the eu . 
  the uk has a smaller economy than california ?
