  lol british polls are so useless . 
  we all know the tories will win a strong majority . 
  yes , because let 's use the entire negotiating forces on both sides to do one treaty at a time , good idea chuck !, 
  conservatives will win a strong majority, 
  lmao , a trade deal between the eu and india , negotiations will last for 78 years before they inevitably break down due to pressure from lithuanian farmers . 
  it 's actually an extremely high turn out no matter what way you cut it , a record in recent british history . 
  scotland 's turnout on independence was higher because it was a much larger issue for them , deciding whether to remain in the country they 're in or break off and become independent . 
  whereas the brexit vote was voting whether to remain or leave a loose political network of european states . 
  i agree it was a close result , one which i lost on , but the suggestion we should cast aside a democratic result because it was closely is laughably moronic . 
  i agree the campaign was full of lies , there 's lies in every political campaign , to suggest there 's not is again , laughably moronic . 
  the referendum was democracy at it 's peak . 
  the vote was called , both sides fought tooth and nail , and one won . 
  care to explain ? 
   hat 's neither responsible , nor dependable . 
  you think politicians facilitating a democratic vote is not responsible ? 
  i think her lead was narrowing anyway , and it just happened to coincide with the attacks . 
  but polls in the uk often underestimate the right wing vote , i 'd be highly suprised if she does n't win a landslide . 
   our enemys will not come by ships . 
  that 's what they want you to think, 
  britain rules the waves !, 
  damn , did n't realise how weak the eu navy is without the uk !, 
  sad to see, 
  the germans are wierdly good at following orders and laws . 
  i mean , these were the people who followed the nazis afterall . 
   they would be more left wing than the `` new labour '' part of the labour party or the lib dems for example . 
  we do n't really do extreme politics in ireland like you have in the uk you think new labour were extreme ? 
  why ? 
  is it really that hard to spend 2 % of the government budget on defence !? 
  cmon europe fix up ... 
  great news !, 
  the right wing irish lion is rising !, 
  oh good , as long as they 're right wing , i always knew the irish were smart, 
  both, 
  who on earth are fine gael ? 
  are they different to sien fien ? 
  someones looking to get offended ... 
  well , at least everyone is in unanimous agreement that your women are very attractive . 
  pretty sure these pictures are the uk, 
  great news, 
   bill clinton had to be briefed about this concept on his way to visit blair . 
  did n't bill clinton study politics at oxford university ? 
  i find it hard to believe he was clueless on the concept, 
   still funny that the polls are showing a closing gap . 
  polls in the uk nearly always underestimate the right wing vote, 
  god yes, 
  * even in the most progressive countries , homophobia , misogyny and racism happen very often . 
  including in job applications . 
  * i 'm assuming english is your second language , as the above sentence says they happen very often in job applications . 
  yes , you said they all happen very often in the job application process . 
  which is a claim i 'm asking you to defend . 
  as quite frankly it sounds like horse shite . 
  really ? 
  one example from `` pink news '' ? 
  this is your evidence homophobia , misogyny and racism happen * very * often in the job application process across the western world ? 
  right ok , you deflected the question so i 'll ask again . 
  what proof do you have that homophobia , misogyny and racism happen very often in job applications in western countries ? 
  lol !, 
  the amount of salt i 've seen in this sub as the depraved europhiles slowly start to realise scottish independence will not happen . 
  just look at the downvotes xd, 
   prager u is a terribly biased `` source '' they 're one of the few outlets that are willing to speak truth on this issue, 
  * even in the most progressive countries , homophobia , misogyny and racism happen very often . 
  including in job applications . 
  * proof ? 
  what ? 
   and to inform the public that does n't mean post picture of anything and everything whilst a police investigation is going on, 
  of course they do , i do n't know anyone who * does n't * think muslims threaten uk culture, 
  let me guess , your city has no muslims ? 
   start building low income housing / social housing in better places , fund schools and you will tackle the extremism problem at its root but why does low income housing in bad areas with poorly funded schools not cause extremism in other minority groups ? 
  it 's clearly not a money problem, 
  god damn , southern england really is the greatest patch of land on this great earth, 
  oh there we go , an irish nationalist with a chip on his shoulder . 
  i could have written it myself . 
   especially after the way britain rudely ignored st petersburg 's own attack trust an irishman to throw salt at the uk at a time like this . 
  trust r/europe to upvote it . 
  rip ca n't help but feel his death has been completely overshadowed by the manchester bombing, 
  is that picture the new french government !? 
  2 blokes and 11 women, 
   what 's your opinion on people in work who are unable to pay for food , rent , utilities then ? 
  they need to budget, 
   new york city disagrees . 
  meh , new york 's been on a downward spiral since the turn of the century . 
  do n't think it ever got over 9/11 . 
  agreed , that 's why we need to life them out of tax and encourage them to work hard . 
  rather than making them dependent on state handouts . 
  yep , you 're a teenage corbynite who has not yet entered the working world . 
  your opinion counts for next to nothing and your terrible debating style is not persuading anyone . 
  in fact , i think it may be driving people to my side . 
  keep going champ , 
   if you are struggling for cash , besides some cheap chicken shops and weed ... you are not going to have a good time . 
  in other words , do n't be a loser, 
   i do n't get the appeal of london . 
  it 's mostly the career opportunity and the potential money to be made that attracts people . 
  it 's also a city where old meets new . 
  it oozes with history whilst leading the world in many different areas . 
  greatest city the human race has ever constructed, 
   i still hate people like you who ruin the future with a smile on their face yes , because constant spending , borrowing and debt will leave future generations in a great place . 
  whether you like it or loathe it , the conservatives are the only grown up party that make the hard decisions and force the country to live within its means . 
  i pity left wingers like you , walking around with so much pent up rage and hatred for anyone who disagrees with them . 
  it just makes you look petulant . 
  anyways chuck , have fun living in tory britain for at least the next 10 years .
