  non-eu european country leading the way , followed by america , followed by european country about to leave the eu . 
  that 's got ta sting for the federalists . 
  source : https://www.credit-suisse.com/us/en/about-us/research/research-institute/news-and-videos/articles/news-and-expertise/2016/11/en/the-global-wealth-report-2016.html, 
  ha , that 's a great idea for a sub, 
  well , his mother came from scotland . 
  it 's a bit of a stretch to call him scottish . 
   it will however , be quite interesting to see what the us position will be visa vis the idea of scottish independence i doubt the u.s will take a position . 
  the referendum was two years ago and they did n't take one then . 
  it would be a bit odd to suddenly come out and support one side . 
  is it bad i really want him to get the job ? 
  is this really the right sub for it though ? 
  i do n't know the rules but i 've always assumed this was a political/european news sub . 
  i 've never seen anyone else post trailers to movies before , it just seems a bit out of place . 
  overseeing consistent economic growth coming out of one of the worst recessions in history ? 
  cutting unemployment to record lows ? 
  leapfroging france to become the world 's 5th largest economy ? 
  legalising gay marriage ? 
  significantly decreasing the uk 's national defecit ? 
  does none of that register at all for you ? 
  or do you purposefully ignore it to suit your own agenda ? 
   ca n't you just leave once and for all ? 
  yes , that is what is happening , but of course it 's a lengthy and complex proces . 
  have you not been paying any attention at all ? 
  schauble can say whatever he likes . 
  i for one am in favour of the uk significantly lowering its tax rates . 
  why have you posted this here ? 
  lol , so the uk 's rich are mega mega rich ? 
  because the longer they wait the less money they 'll make from the move . 
  if they own office space they 'll make significantly less money when they try to sell it on , if they wait to move to an economic cluster in another country whilst many companies are moving there it will be much more expensive to buy office space and establish themselves in an ideal part of the city once they do take the plunge and move . 
  there is absolutely no benefit in waiting if you 're sure your business is going to move in this situation . 
  did you pick that up in a russel brand video ? 
  lol , i love all these pro-eu article talking about so many companies leaving the uk , in reality next to none have left . 
  what on earth does that mean ? 
  very strategic move by erdogan . 
  he realises the eu is decaying fast and he 's moving turkey away from it . 
  very smart . 
   not to mention , jo cox was just a mediocre politician , not a `` great '' woman . 
  in all honesty , she had only just started her career as a politician . 
  she could have been a great one . 
   a list of `` illustrious women '' whose names will be used for squares , streets and buildings to `` feminise '' the city i 'm all on board for this , but the reasoning is just ridiculous . 
  why are they trying to feminise the city ? 
  this is one of the many reasons the uk voted to leave . 
  the argument is they want to serve readership in france which has been underserved for years . 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  yes please young buck, 
   but please do n't be so rude , if possible how was i being rude ? 
  thank you for the saracastic comment . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware , but the theorising of gravity is one of the largest leap forwards in scientific history . 
   actually ( and luckily ) , yes , luckily the italian constitution prevents democracy . 
  very intesting . 
  i was more thinking about the big important breakthroughs and inventions , like the theory of evolution and computers . 
  not the parking metre and postage stamps lol ... 
  evolution , gravity , time , the big bang , computers , the world wide web , telephones , trains , etc. 
  it 's definitely the brits . 
  but brits have made the best scientific discoveries and technology, 
   this is somehow something english speaking medias love to repeat i 've read it in french and spanish media as well . 
  but you make no mention of it in your own personal write up ? 
  why have n't you mentioned it ? 
  so let me get this straight , if the referendum is a no vote ( which is the likely outcome ) , it will likely lead to an eu referendum ? 
  the anti-brexit crowd have n't waited for negotiations to be over , so why would the pro-brexit crowd ? 
  it 's the winds of change my friend , it 's only the start . 
  it may be a bitter pill to swallow for some of you , but companies are starting to realize the eu is the past . 
  this will be reflected in their business decisions . 
  the writing is on the wall . 
  * haha oh wow this comment gained some attention . 
  truth hurts guys ? 
  keep telling yourself that champ as muslims flood into your country by the millions . 
  poor germany . 
  volkswagen will probably end up moving all those jobs to britain the way things are panning out xd, 
  you 're being absurd . 
   you never had to actually live without some form of government watching over in the first place . 
  yes i have , i 'm completly off the grid . 
  never had government watching over me and they never will . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  is this anecdotal story about another country supposed to convince me i need the state to function when i 've never needed it in my life ? 
  just because you rely on the state for large parts of your life does n't mean everybody does . 
   pray that you never need healthcare or retirement or police healthcare i always go private . 
  i 'm set for retirement , i could retire now if i wanted . 
  i do n't need the poilce as i live in a low crime area and no one in there right mind would mess with me anyway . 
   if they cut disability payments now , nothing tell you they wo n't cut utility subsidies in 10 years what an absurd unfounded leap to make . 
  i do n't rely on the state for anything , i will be alright regardless . 
  this is one of the reasons the government refused to take a substantial number of refugees . 
  they do n't want more muslims in the country . 
  we already have a prominent minority , we do n't want to end up in the same situation as france/sweden/germany etc. 
   cuts ends up hitting you too in the end . 
  why would cuts end up hitting me ? 
  because i 'm an independant thinker , the economist only hires people who are infected with pro-globalist group think, 
  got something to hide chump ? 
   so maybe it wo n't matter that much . 
  the actual brexit date wo n't be that significant . 
  it 's more the build up ( which started the day after the vote ) when companies decide whether they want to stay/continue investing in the country or not , so far nearly all companies are electing to stay and invest . 
  britain will grow faster than that for sure, 
  french and spanish are more common i believe, 
  this is why britain has n't had a major terrorist attack in over ten years , we take surveillance and security seriously . 
   the only really bad experiences i had in england , was getting mugged twice . 
  damn , twice in 4 years ? 
  i 've lived here my whole life and have never been mugged . 
  it 's significant as it 's reversed the trend of brexit . 
   if renewed confidence means abandoning the union in which recovery occurred , recovery occured due to the policies of thatcher ( sorry if this is unpopular but it 's the truth ) , eu membership happened to coincide with uk recovery , it did n't create the recovery . 
  [ booming britain to become world 's fourth largest economy ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ) [ uk tipped to become world 's fourth-largest economy in 2030s ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/uk-tipped-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-2030s-1534942 ) [ uk could overtake germany and japan to become world 's fourth biggest economy ] ( http://www.cityam.com/231501/world-economic-league-table-uk-could-overtake-germany-and-japan-to-become-worlds-fourth-biggest-economy ) most claim it will be the 4th , stating germany and japan will drop due to a declining population and india will rise to third .
