lol @ that picture , full on bromance, 
  wow , this is odd to see . 
  nigel went from being a small time isolated british politician , to convincing the entire country to leave the eu , now he 's rubbing shoulders with the most powerful man in the world . 
  imagine if trump takes him on in a prominent position , he really would have the last laugh over the eu ( that 's if he has n't had it already ) . 
  germany/eu turning on russia , germany/eu turning on the us and its new president , germany/eu turning on britain for leaving . 
  the eu really needs to change its tone or risk complete geo-political isolation . 
  good !, 
  ridiculous meeting . 
  i welcome president trump and the opportunity it brings to our continent . 
   sure but somewhere is always a line . 
  there should not be a line put on free speech , ever . 
  * this many downvotes for supporting free speech ? 
  no wonder this continent is dying *, 
  the experts who claimed the uk economy would drop off a cliff as soon as the uk voted to leave the eu ? 
  the experts who claimed the uk economy would drop off a cliff if it did n't join the eurozone ? 
  the last thing i 'm going to do is listen to them . 
  we do n't want to replace the eu 27 . 
  we want to be able to trade freely with everybody !, 
  lol , i love the downvotes on your comment when you 're absolutely right . 
  power is shifting away from the eu dramatically and the fedralists on this sub ca n't handle it . 
  they 're all already gone . 
  it 's more so the mass movement of people voted against in the uk , rather than globalisation . 
  in fact across the campaign a number of brexit campaigners spoke very positively of globalisation and stated a desire to sign multiple free trade deals . 
   if you 're british , the storm is far from over . 
  what storm ? 
  our economy is continuing to perform well . 
  so far the storm is a few newspaper headlines and a few graphs shooting up and down . 
   not once does he come up with a credible and viable alternative to the eu . 
  yes he did , you just do n't listen . 
  he put forward the idea of nation states trading together , working together , but having complete sovereignty and not subjecting the lower classes to the large scale movement of people . 
  have you had your tv on mute the entire time ? 
  what ? 
   about what ? 
  really ? 
  about the euro being a bad idea , about open borders being a bad idea , about the uk leaving the eu , about trump winning the presidency . 
  he 's been right on absolutely everything . 
  his next prediction is another eu country will have a referendum and leave , although whether it will be france , netherlands , denmark , italy etc we just do n't know at this point . 
  why should you have ? 
  i like websites like this , breaks everything down and makes it very easy . 
   that wo n't happen . 
  ha , they used to say that about us, 
  the eu will crumble . 
  farage was right all along . 
  irrelevant , there is still very few irish in financial services , especially compared to other nationalities . 
  your assertion is completely wrong . 
  where on earth did you hear that ? 
  it 's not true lol . 
  that title would go to the french and/or the americans . 
   meanwhile , ireland will just stagnate on the sidelines . 
  nooo way , leave the eu and come and join your anglo bros in forging the new world order !, 
  ohh cool , good to hear !, 
  it would be nice to have a couple of anti-eu mods in here !, 
  think it may help to balance out the political discusion , and would make sure anti-eu commenters are not banned without reason . 
  no idea if any of those guys fit the bill or not , but just a suggestion . 
  i hope you 're not insinuating the irish run the uk ? 
  most of you guys work in nightclubs and bars over here !, 
  nothing against irish immigrants , but you 're not the most entrepreneurial group i 've seen . 
  low_discrepancy , you appear to spend your life on this sub hating on the uk ( along with collectiveindividual ) , yet you keep getting proven wrong over and over again . 
  will you ever just be quiet ? 
  our population is 13 times the size . 
  so per capita you send many many more people over, 
  i do n't think it 's ignored , i just think it all gets grouped as one . 
  i view darwin and alexander graham bell as british scientists , rather than an english and a scottish one . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard people hating on that type of house . 
  looks like an ideal place to raise a family . 
  by and large people like eastern europeans actually . 
  beautiful women and hard working blokes . 
  they 've just been uncomfortable with the numbers that have been coming here . 
  no , we 've learnt having a vagina and being involved in politics does n't mean you 're the right choice for president . 
  you must have realised this ? 
  hilary only got as far as she did because the dnc was rigged in her favour , bernie was pushed aside because the democrats are desperate to get the ` first female president ' notch on their belt . 
  ultimately they paid the price for this by handing trump the white house . 
  god , i despise obama and his smugness . 
  him and his clan held my country in contempt , i 'm glad to see their meteoric downfall . 
  we did n't expect anything . 
  although we are undoubtedly going to try our luck . 
  membership of the single market is not the be all and end all , sovereignty takes priority . 
  i think it will work in the uk 's favour . 
  he has made promises of limiting free trade deals , but this was said with the implication of bringing back/protecting manufacturing jobs in america . 
  a free trade deal with the uk will not threaten american manufacturing in anyway whatsoever . 
  on top of this trump will be looking to forge a new path in the world for america as will the uk , this will benefit us massively having the world 's strongest country and a close ally of ours in the same boat . 
  he also had a british mother , is friends with farage , has lots of business in the uk and his language suggests he is 10 times more pro-british than obama ever was . 
  of course this is trump so i do n't really have any idea how it will pan out , but i am optimistic . 
  of course . 
  if membership of the single market means paying into the eu budget and giving up control of borders , then the uk will opt for hard brexit . 
  this has been clear from day one . 
  as a brit i 'm kind of embarrassed . 
  but i had no idea of the scottish enlightment , i never even heard the term before !, 
  you send most of your people over, 
  well , you 're speaking the uk 's language , on a uk invention ( computer ) , commmunicating via another uk invention ( the world wide web ) . 
  is that not a reason ? 
  not a bitter brexiter at all , i voted remain . 
  i just do n't view the eu with rose tinted glasses . 
  i think as an idea it 's honourable , but it 's very flawed and even though on balance i voted to remain , i think britain leaving the eu presents a huge amount of opportunity for us . 
   the british have and always will undervalue ourselves not true . 
  the british political left undervalue the country . 
  the british political right love the uk and everything it stands for . 
   that 's just a bold comment . 
  that stagnant , messy eu became the biggest and richest market on the planet .
