   pretty much any even vaguely negative post about scottish independence on / r/europe will be a sea of union jack flairs . 
  scotland has done some amazing things in the past . 
  out of all the small countries in the world the scots have accomplished the second most after the greeks . 
  but as much as i like scotland , and as much as i want them to stay in the uk , i ca n't see them achieving that much again in the future unless something massively changes up there . 
  the country seems to be far too pro-regulation , anti-free market , pro-taxation , aggressively politically correct and too willing to spend money it does n't have . 
  i also get the impression rather than working to fix problems the scottish government prefers to scapegoat the english . 
  i hope the political , cutural and social climate changes up there , i would love to see scotland become the entrepreneurial , free thinking , free market powerhouse it once was . 
  what big survey proved to be complete rubbish ? 
   if it is so prominent , how come ireland does n't want to enter the union ? 
  you could say the same about any country anywhere , ever . 
  just because canada does n't want to join the u.s does n't mean the u.s is not a prominent country . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make ? 
  the eu is not a superpower , it 's a loose community of nations with a lot of regional power , but who 's global power projection is limited to the uk and france , niether of which are a superpower . 
   it 's the unionists who have been going on and on about it every day since the announcement was made . 
  maybe because it signifies the scottish government are planning on ignoring the will of the scottish people and pursuing independence at all costs ? 
  rather than accepting the reslult and working to better the country . 
  short term currency fluctuations mean very little, 
  i would argue the eu , with it 's second largest economy and largest military power leaving , with anti-eu right wing populist movements surging all over the continent , with entrenched economic stagnation and staggeringly high youth unemployment in the south , with public opinion shifting against free movement and merkel 's `` welcome the muslim third world '' policy , is in no position to willingly hurt it 's member states by playing hard ball . 
  it could generally bring about the end of the eu , the straw that broke the camel 's back if you will . 
  the uk , with its high wage , advanced , english speaking economy , the 5th largest in the world , can afford to go through a bit of economic turbulence . 
  especially when in the long run it means the country having control of its borders and having the ability to strike trade deals when and where it pleases . 
   the only people who are talking about indyref2 are the unionists , sturgeon literally said a second independence referendum is back on the table as soon as the brexit votes were counted . 
   like the scots speak english everybody speaks english , including you . 
   eu has more potential than a tiny island . 
  i would argue the eu is dying whereas that tiny island has all the potential in the world, 
  no , they are proud members of a union of countries which forms one of the most prominent countries in the world . 
  thank you !!, 
  yes , new york and london are the top two by far , no other city even comes close . 
  the rest of your comment was incoherrent rambling . 
  thank you !, 
   uk economy leapfrogged france as they accounted for black-market transactions and we 've already dropped to 6th several times this year . 
  [ reality check chuck , you 're wrong . ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) . 
  * london is not the most prominent city in the world , no more than berlin or tokyo , and less so than say new york or shanghai . 
  its not 1890 anymore mate , empires dead . 
  * london has become more prominent since the british empire , it 's the rest of the uk that 's dropped off . 
  [ it 's one of only two alpha + + cities , alongside new york ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_city#alpha.2b.2b ) . 
  most state london has overtaken new york in the last few years . 
  is there anything else you want to be wrong about ? 
  keep telling yourself that chuck !, 
  maybe us brits can get another referendum on the eu , maybe the yanks should vote again for president ... 
  the majority of scots value the uk over the eu . 
  i know you probably do n't get that impression from this sub/the internet , but that 's the truth . 
  yeah , i 've had a feeling this was the case . 
  independence referendums are usually a once in a lifetime thing at most . 
  scotland has had theirs . 
  strong economic growth , lowest unemployment ever , leapfrogged france to be the world 's 5th largest economy , legalised gay marriage , overseen london continue to grow to the most prominent city in the world . 
  hate all you want , but there 's a reason the conservatives won a majority last election . 
   that isnt just conservatism . 
  this is greed , egoism and a damaging kind of ideological blindness that ruins peoples lives and the environment . 
  i do n't think you realize just how moderate british conservatism is . 
  this is n't a pro-eu thread . 
  the thread has nothing to do with the eu . 
  it 's a european thread . 
  we 're talking about a motorway being constructed here , the only thing that matters are absolute figures . 
  tories also want to lower taxes for low earners . 
  you know how cameron 's administration significantly reduced the rate of income tax for the lowest earners ? 
  or did your liberal bias choose to ignore that because it ran paradoxically to the ` all tories are evil ' mantra ? 
  you 've also got to ask yourself who can go through more pain and who ca n't . 
  i would argue the eu , with it 's second largest economy and largest military power leaving , with anti-eu right wing populist movements surging all over the continent , with entrenched economic stagnation and staggeringly high youth unemployment in the south , with public opinion shifting against free movement and merkel 's `` welcome the muslim third world '' policy , is in no position to willingly hurt it 's member states by playing hard ball . 
  it could generally bring about the end of the eu , the straw that broke the camel 's back if you will . 
  the uk , with its high wage , advanced , english speaking economy , the 5th largest in the world , can afford to go through a bit of economic turbulence . 
  especially when in the long run it means the country having control of its borders and having the ability to strike trade deals when and where it pleases . 
  [ second ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) * edit * collectiveindividual i can always rely on you to come and spew hatred against the uk . 
  it 's about time you got a life . 
   i also seem to recall your performance was not really solid and it took just a simple glitch in the currency exchange code to make you the 3rd highest economy in eu . 
  yes , the uk going from the 7th to the 5th largest economy in the world with the 22nd largest population is not solid and all down to a simple glitch in currency exchanges . 
  you 're talking absolute nonsense and you know it . 
  no , just informing you of facts !, 
   how about the tories pay for it for the most part they already do . 
  tories tend to be wealthy and the wealthy pay the highest tax . 
  shock horror , the second largest economy in the eu leaving the eu will hurt other eu members . 
  the only place this is not accepted as fact is this sub . 
  lol , this sub is full of economically illiterate unemployed europeans . 
  it probably implies they are prone to giving in without much of a fight * calm down / europe !, 
  it was only a joke . 
  are we no longer allowed to joke about non-uk eu member states ? 
  u.s only 8th for education , and the uk only 6th for education ? 
  i know primary and secondary schools are included , but surely the quality of universities those countries have should push them higher . 
  it really depends how you define well off, 
  what 's with the facepalm ? 
  i understand the data is from before brexit , i posted it . 
  or the uk was just growing strongly, 
  it could be worse , we could be like france , sweden , belgium or germany . 
  no , it actually is true . 
   drinking culture is huge in the uk that 's only really true for 21 year olds . 
  once you get older people drink less and less . 
   looks like it was taken in some 3th world country . 
  all countries have areas that look like that, 
  not saying that , but the single market does exist independently from the eu . 
  there are countries in one but not the other . 
  looool, 
   it 's amazing the amount mental acrobatics that go into pretending that the single market exists independently of the eu . 
  it does, 
  but most of the retired brits have a sizeable net worth/pension package . 
  most working age european migrants in the uk are poor . 
  if there was a swap the uk would do better . 
  also , the uk already has a young population as it is , the jobs vacancies the loss of the migrants would create would be filled very quickly with little detriment to the society as a whole . 
   i do n't see his name being assigned any particular significance with regards to brexit . 
  come off it, 
   but he 's still desperate to leave his mark on history .
