  had they done that remain would have won a majority easily and the eu would still be on track to be a future super power , but now that will never happen ... 
   by word , not deed . 
  no , by deed . 
  if they did n't support it it would have been scrapped whenever the tories have been in power, 
   you 're an echo chamber . 
  much like this sub xd, 
   uk govt should have done something about it then they could n't do anything about it, 
   the eu reimburses countries that were disproportionately affected . 
  * the taxpayer * *, 
  poor germany , they do n't even know what they have ahead ... 
  no , ethnicity is race . 
  you ca n't just make up definitions loool . 
  anyone get edit stuff on the internet , if you actually pick up a book you 'll see i am right . 
  i 'm a rich young londoner , it was very much in my intrest to vote remain to reduce economic uncertainty . 
  it 's only since i 've seen the reaction from the vote have i realised we never belonged in the eu . 
  but believe what you want ... 
  their ethnicity is white , what are you talking about ? 
  european are white . 
  it 's not racist to want to control immigration lol . 
  you know what you did . 
  i used to be pro-eu , i even voted remain . 
  but seeing the reaction in the media/on the internet from europeans , i am very glad we 're leaving that wretched union . 
  i am looking forward to a uk-us-russia alliance . 
  we will topple the eu , just like we toppled a german europe in ww2 , 
  who 's been bullied because of their ethnicity ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yeha you 're i agree with the swedish guy you 're completly overreacting, 
   but it 's so fucking disgusting when british/americans the attitude the eu has diplayed towards breixtering britain is fucking disgusting, 
   so we have us , uk and russia , all loving the idea of eu failing . 
  great . 
  the uk only starting loving that idea when the eu/supporters of the eu made it very clear they want the uk to fail ( to prove the eu is necessary ) and they want the uk to split up into multiple seperate countries . 
  you 've disrespected the uk and now the us is against you too , russia has just tagged along for the ride , 
  1 ) the opinion of one tory politician does n't change the fact conservative policy has supported the nhs since the thatcher years 2 ) douglas carswell ( ukip ) is the author of that book . 
  i 'm skeptical as to how much jeremy hunt actually wrote and what he was arguing . 
  i would n't trust the indepdendant at face value . 
   tories have been trying to privatise the nhs for a long time no they have n't . 
  that 's just left wing propaganda . 
  the only part of atlee 's welfare state thatcher kept was the nhs . 
  any any route to dublin goes through british air space, 
   invade england was a dutch guy . 
  not it was n't it was william the conq, 
  * de grasse was defeated the following year by admiral rodney ( british ) at the battle of the saintes , where he was captured * a true french hero !, 
  no i thought trains and air travel . 
  both of which would go through the uk . 
  william the conq , the last frenchman to get one up on england !!, 
  connections from dublin to paris/frankfurt will run through the uk, 
  that 's just the way the world is going . 
  britain is an advanced economy and produces services rather than manufactured goods . 
   it is in the europeans interest for britain to fail only in their ideological intrest ( assuming they 're pro eu ) . 
  economically it 's very much in their intrest for the uk to succeed . 
  i voted remain, 
   the uk is more insignificant than ever before the uk is in the top 0.5 % in the world in terms of raw economic size . 
  it 's more significant now than at any point in its history with the exception of pax-britannica, 
  really hope germany gets over their history and play hard ball with these migrants . 
  they 're in germany , they should adapt to german life in all aspects . 
  can someone explain to me what 's going on here ? 
  a non-offensive video about the uk posted by a continental ? 
   i do n't like his politics much but i 'd have a drink with the guy . 
  yeah , he 's got a very good reputation around westminster ( so i 've heard ) . 
  despite being so profile he has a habit of speaking to and getting to know everyone at events and conferences , no matter how junior they are . 
  it 's not something you regularly see from high level tory politicians . 
  not quite lol !, 
  i met jacob in an event at parliament not so long ago , very nice man , although admittedly he 's a bit stuffy !, 
  no :p, 
  really hope this does n't completly derail his presidential bid . 
  he 's by far the best person for the job . 
  do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 
  this sub clearly cares a lot considering the amount of comments and votes this submission has . 
  it will likely be quite favourable considering trump dislikes the uk , a number of people in his immediate circle have made it quite clear they want it to disband , the best way they can acheive that is by offering the uk an attractive deal , proving european countries can be succesful outside the eu . 
  i actually did post it in the uk sub reddit at the exact same time i posted it here . 
  the one in the uk subreddit currently has 8 comments and 3 upvotes ( 60 % upvoted ) . 
  whereas the one in this european subreddit currently has 76 comments and 29 upvotes ( 63 % upvoted ) . 
  clearly europeans care much more about british economic news than brits do . 
  which further proves my point this sub is * obsessed * with the uk xd, 
  but that 's my main problem . 
  the economist is * not * your run of the mill tabloid . 
  everyone knows the spectator is right wing and it 's articles are often comedic , it 's never changed . 
  the economist built a reputation over a number of years as being a balanced , centrist publication whose articles were always thoroughly researched and they gave a platform to competing viewpoints . 
  that 's how it built it 's subscriber base . 
  it 's recently moved away from that and that 's my problem with it . 
  it used to be better than most publications , but it 's seemingly thrown that away in order to push an agenda . 
  sad to see . 
  but i do think publications go down hill when they begin to continually push the same narrow set of viewpoints whilst deriding those they do n't agree with . 
  yeah , i 'm very confident the uk and canada could sign a trading arrangement relatively quickly , the political will is certainly there on this side ( but then again what do i know , i 'm just a random guy on the internet ) . 
   ever since micklethwaite departed it 's gone downhill sharply when did he depart ? 
  but why is that a bad thing ? 
  you 're probably slightly butthurt as you fit the decription of the person the article is satirizing ( could be wrong on this , but i 'm probably quite close to the mark ) . 
  how do you mean go ? 
   the real title :   u.k. brexit boom still sees economy plagued by old problems the anti-uk title *, 
   but in this situation you are in fact weak and trump is going to dominate you what does this even mean ? 
  so whenever a smaller economy signs a trade deal with a larger economy they are being `` dominated '' ? 
  is autralia dominated by the us ? 
  is iceland dominated by china ? 
   it 's a really poor article . 
  it being poorly written is part of the satire , see the title, 
  ha oh man that is so accurate, 
  in what way ? 
   since when is `` the economist '' part of the left-wing press ? 
  what kind of drugs do you do , and where can i get some ? 
  i 've got to be honest , as a long term subscriber of the economist , i feel it 's become more left leaning in a number of areas as time has gone on .
