  it 's only a stereotype !, 
   do n't even know what stereotype you are talking about referring to the stereotype that italians do n't really know much about anything outside of football and wine . 
  and also partly the one that italians are incompetent ( in this case incompetent on knowledge ) . 
  not that i believe these , but you are not helping your fellow countrymen !, 
   tbh , british media are acting like children here yes , spain is the one with war ships in british waters and the british media are the ones to blame . 
  you really are n't helping the italian stereotype , are you rinasciment ? 
  lmao, 
  so you think there 's more nationalism in the uk than say , hungary ? 
  so neither of those exist in other eu member states ? 
  so we 're now in a situation where the eu `` tolerates '' democratically elected leaders ? 
   pretty much confusion and disbelief over statements alluring to a war . 
  yeah , spain has that reaction because they know if it actually came to war they would be demolished . 
  do n't go around causing tension if you ca n't handle the heat . 
  why would anyone learn german ? 
  do n't mean to be rude but is it not a dying language and everyone who speaks germany already speaks english ? 
  no , but the way the eu has acted is very worrying and it 's plain for the whole world to see, 
  so the eu wants war with the uk ? 
  god , the eu is becoming a dictatorship that threatens anyone who does n't want to be part of it . 
   hey and their overseas islands are by far the biggest in the game of tax avoidance ireland does not belong to the uk anymore lol, 
   i would n't be surprised if they have more pubs per capita than anywhere else . 
  they probably need it , living in scotland and all, 
  it 's actually quite amazing how well the vast polish communities have intergrated into british life . 
  especially when compared to other imigrant groups that have been here much longer . 
  do n't believe me if you do n't want to . 
  but i was a reluctant remainer . 
  i just never bought into the brexit doomsday forecasts . 
  you just think i 'm a brexiteer because i argue against the pro-eu anti-uk hysteria in this sub . 
  i voted remain, 
  it also helps when you have a culture that you export to the world . 
  many migrants already have a nuanced understanding of what britain is before they even enter the country . 
   it does n't downvote opposing views to oblivion are you kidding me ? 
  this sub downvotes anything pro-brexit/pro-uk/pro-us / anti-eu to oblivion . 
  this sub is probably the worst for that out of all the subs i visit . 
  as a british person who was a reluctant remainer i can tell you this place is an absurdly pro-eu echo chamber . 
  sure there 's the odd anti-eu opinion , but it generally just gets downvoted to oblivion so not many people see it . 
  i find the echo chamber mentality quite often boils over into aggresive xenophobia , mostly aimed at the uk , but sometimes also aimed at the us and russia . 
  if anyone denies this i would have to question their critical thinking faculty and self awareness , i ca n't begin to imagine what this sub would be like for out and out brexiteers . 
  europe needs to control the african coast and make sure no boats leave those shores, 
  of course we would !, 
  i would support us going to war with spain over this 110 % . 
  if you mess with a nuclear power 's sovereign territory , expect to be hit . 
   this board is n't quite as bad as / r/unitedkingdom it 's just as bad , possibly worse . 
   but for the general population sees a historically unprecedented improvement in living standards . 
  that 's only because the country was building from an all time low . 
  it 's very easy to make gains in living standards when most of the largest cities lay in ruins . 
  the point is britain lost standing in the world compared to other countries , which is why its seen as a peroid of national decline . 
  lol , pretty soon this will be representative of the german & french domination of the eu ( nearly entirely german ) . 
  the word titanic has more than one meaning, 
  yeah !, 
  all those other really simple ones implying brexit is bad are so incredibly clever and original . 
  but this one is just too far !, 
  i think the euros hate whoever dominates them the most . 
  so in this case it 's the anglos . 
   no , it 's relative to the nation itself . 
  not just the nation itself . 
  national decline very seldom means a country * actually * shrinking in terms of population and gdp . 
  more often than not it means a diminished global standing due to other countries growing at a much faster rate . 
  you do n't think national decline is relative to other nations ? 
   ou wrote `` national decline '' not `` did n't grow as quickly as others '' . 
  that 's what national decline is . 
  by its nature national decline or national assent is in relation to other nations . 
  that 's because those parts of the country relied on inefficient industries that should have begun to been phased out decades earlier . 
  across the late 50s and 60s , despite higher economic growth , the uk performed relatively poorly compared to our major competitors , such as germany , japan and us roared ahead uk productivity growth was relatively lower due to several factors . 
  such as : * lack of willingness / ability to innovate * poor industrial relations with a growing number of days lost to strike action . 
  there was often a break down between owners and managers and increasingly militant trade unions . 
  some argue this was exacerbated by britain 's class system . 
  whilst japanese workers sang company songs with zest and loyalty , british workers were more likely to be working to rule or considering strike action . 
  * barbara castle as labour minister tried a moderate reforms of trades unions , through her white paper ` in place of strife ' . 
  however , the unions effectively lobbied labour ministers and the reform bill was blocked . 
  * complacency . 
  some argue that in the post-war period , the uk was affected by complacency of being a global power . 
  this complacency was in stark contrast to the defeated countries of germany and japan , who put greater energy into business . 
  the uk was also hampered by coming to terms with letting go its empire and trying to join europe . 
  in the 1960s , two applications to join the eec were vetoed by the french . 
  * lack of public sector infrastructure . 
  burdened by high post-war debt , the uk struggled to invest in new transport and technologies . 
  for example , the uk was still relying on steam trains until the mid 1960s - later than many other countries who made switch to cheaper and more efficient electricity and diesel . 
  [ source ] ( http://econ.economicshelp.org/2010/02/economy-in-1960s-and-1970s.html ) . 
   1950s and early 60s are considered a golden age for britain 's economy i do n't know where you 've heard that , but it 's wrong . 
  1945-1980 is generally viewed in the uk as a time of national decline . 
  the uk was blighted by economic problems in that period and struggled to adapt to it 's new post-empire economy . 
  the british economy only started to grow in strength again when thatcher came along and took the bull by the horns . 
  god , the economist has really gone downhill in recent years . 
   but it 's a little island without much resources . 
  it 's also a densely populated high wage high skill economy . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be fine . 
   uk economy was in the shitter in the 70s , one could easily say that was all a hangover from ww2 and the loss of empire , and the economic rise was a result of thatcher 's deregulation in the 80s . 
   going from `` millions to billions '' is n't really too impressive yes it is . 
  most people i know come from families with net worths in the millions ( much of it comes from property prices ) , yet i do n't really see anyone building significantly on the wealth they were born into . 
  i honestly do n't think academics in school is a good reflection of how much someone should/may earn in the future . 
  especially judging from my group of friends . 
  someone may be suited to studying and writing essays , but put them in a fast moving business environment and they shrivel into themselves . 
  others may struggle to pay attention at school , but get them in a working environment they 're passionate about and they thrive . 
  this insistence on having a link between academia and success in the real world has always puzzled me . 
   i see a lot of english people in this thread correcting scots about how the scottish feel towards independence . 
  well , most english people have connections to scotland in one way or another . 
  i have family up in edinburgh , i spent probably half of all my school holidays up there when i was a kid and i still visit regularly . 
  i 've got a better idea about the scottish feeling towards independence than pro-eu/anti-uk european federalists in this sub . 
  i tend to comment on this a lot because judging from this sub/reddit/the internet in general it 's easy to get the impression all of scotland is craving independence and wants a second referendum , but from my experience spending time in the country that 's simply not the case . 
   i 'm to the right of centre right   / r/jesuschristreddit huh ?
