   when did i say that ? 
  your comment implied the uk 's economic performance is a due to the eu , rather than fundamental strengths in the british economy . 
  you also are active in this sub and have an eu flag as your flair , from that i guessed you 're an economically illiterate europhile who praises the eu non-stop despite its many failures ( like the majority of this sub ) . 
  i may be wrong , and i 'm sure you 'll say i am wrong , but statistically i 'm probably very close to the mark . 
  you seem to be confused between domestic policy and a free trade agreement . 
  right , so your wildly guessing what the us would want to get out of a free trade deal with the uk ? 
  and you 're wildly guessing what the uk would sign up to ? 
  and no matter your off the mark predicitions , it is irrelevant . 
  what matters is the legislative agenda in the uk will be set by elected british officials , rather than the unelected european comission . 
  yes , but in this sub people very seldom say anything different . 
  it 's generally european federalists consistently praising the eu no matter how many times it blunders , and constantly talking down the uk no matter how much it continues to prove all the europhiles wrong . 
  it 's absurd , this sub is maybe the most clueless , petty and close minded sub on reddit . 
  it 's no suprise public opinion is turning against the eu all across the continent if people like this are the ones supporting it . 
   you will have the shit us food safety standards , labor laws and the same company tax rate by tommorrow . 
  says who ? 
  so , in your eyes , anything that goes wrong is because the uk voted to leave ? 
  and anything that goes right is because of the eu ? 
  and you wonder why europhiles have zero economic credibility, 
   it will be the us not the eu which will set your domestic and foreign policy the us wo n't do anything of the sort , it 's up to elected british officials what legislation the country follows . 
  this is absolute nonsense . 
  i 've lived all over the uk and i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone say a bad word about the swedish . 
  hell , i did n't even know there were many swedes in the uk at all . 
  no , i 'm saying there was different schools of thought within vote leave which allowed it to get a majority . 
   in before uneducated nonsense about low currency being good for one of top 10 economies low currency is not intrinsically good for a top 10 economy , no idea where you heard that . 
  it is good however if the currency is overvalued to the point its crippling businesses from having competitive exports , which the # was . 
  we 've seen the benefits of the devalued # with our strong growth rates since the vote , when all the world 's experts and europhiles claimed our growth will significantly slow as soon as a vote leave is announced . 
  or perhaps this sub has been wrong about everything so far in relation to brexit and will continue to be wrong in the future . 
   the vote itself caused chaos . 
  see all the racist attacks on poles those attacks were not attacks whatsoever . 
  it was all massively overblown by the left wing media . 
  it 's the same crowd of people who accused the british home secretary of hate speech for saying the british economy should look after british workers . 
   they were told that article 20 would be triggered the next day they were also told that it would n't be triggered the next day . 
  lots of different people said lots of different things . 
  but considering how complex the process of an economy the size of the uk leaving the eu is , i think anyone who followed politics realized the british government would not trigger right away , as they would need time to set out their position before the formal two year peroid of negotiation started . 
  no , it is very easy to understand . 
  op said someone should tell trump the uk have not left the eu , i pointed out trump simply said the uk is doing great after the `` brexit vote '' . 
  there is no reason to expect grave differences ? 
  this entire sub expected grave differences the moment the uk voted to leave , which have n't materialised . 
  ` donald trump says uk `` doing great '' after brexit ** vote ** ' can you not read ? 
   it 's the uk . 
  literally nothing happens quickly much quicker than anything in the eu, 
   with us and canada , very unlikely [ donald trump : i 'll do a deal with britain ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/edition/news/donald-trump-interview-brexit-uk-trade-deal-theresa-may-phthbjsmw ) . 
  yes , the us is `` very unlikely '' . 
  this interview confirms trump 's pro-uk anti-eu leanings . 
  donald trump : i 'll do a deal with britain \u2022 exclusive first uk interview \u2022 ` we should be ready to trust putin ' \u2022 europeans could face us travel curbs donald trump will offer britain a quick and `` fair '' trade deal with america within weeks of taking office to help make brexit a `` great thing '' . 
  speaking to the times in his first uk interview as president-elect , he revealed that he was inviting theresa may to visit him `` right after '' he gets into the white house and wants a trade agreement between the two countries secured `` very quickly '' . 
  mr trump also predicted that other countries would follow britain 's lead in leaving the european union , claiming it had been deeply damaged by the migration crisis . 
  `` i think it 's very tough , '' he said . 
  `` people , countries want their own identity and the uk wanted its own identity . '' he revealed that mrs may had written to him just after christmas with a gift of a copy of winston churchill 's address to the american people shortly after the japanese attack on pearl harbor . 
  in the letter the prime minister told mr trump that she hoped the sentiment of `` unity and fraternal association '' between the two countries was `` just as true today as it has ever been '' . 
  in the wide-ranging interview , mr trump revealed : \u2022 he will agree a nuclear weapons reduction deal with president putin of russia in return for lifting us sanctions . 
  he was highly critical of russia 's intervention in syria , however , describing it as `` a very bad thing '' that had led to a `` terrible humanitarian situation '' . 
  \u2022 orders will be signed next monday to strengthen america 's borders , which could include travel restrictions on europeans coming to the us as well as `` extreme vetting '' for those entering america from parts of the world known for islamist terrorism . 
  \u2022 he believes that angela merkel made a - `` catastrophic mistake '' when she let more than 1 million migrants in to germany , adding that the eu had become `` a vehicle for germany '' . 
  \u2022 he will start off by trusting mrs merkel and mr putin , but that might not last long . 
  mr trump was deeply critical of america 's foreign policy . 
  he described the decision to invade iraq as `` possibly the worst decision ever made in the history of our country '' , saying it was like `` throwing rocks into a beehive '' . 
  he added that afghanistan was `` going badly '' and that attempts to recapture mosul had turned out to be a disaster . 
  on russia , mr trump indicated that he hoped that a deal could be done to reduce nuclear capability in return for dropping some sanctions on moscow . 
  `` they have sanctions on russia -- let 's see if we can make some good deals with russia . 
  for one thing , i think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially , that 's part of it . '' but it was mr trump 's offer of a rapid trade deal with britain that was one of the most eye-catching aspects of the hour-long interview at trump tower in new york , in which he said : `` i love the uk . '' `` we 're gon na work very hard to get it done quickly and done properly . 
  good for both sides , '' mr trump said . 
  `` i will be meeting with [ mrs may ] . 
  she 's requesting a meeting and we 'll have a meeting right after i get into the white house and it 'll be , i think we 're gon na get something done very quickly . '' the interview comes as the uk adopts an increasingly hard line on brexit before a speech mrs may is due to give tomorrow . 
  philip hammond , the chancellor , issued the government 's starkest warning yet of what would happen if the eu attempted to impose tariffs and trade restrictions on the uk once britain had left the eu . 
  mr hammond told a german newspaper that a `` wounded '' britain would not lie down and accept economic damage incurred by a harsh brussels deal . 
  instead , he said , the government would change its economic model to regain competitiveness , pledging that `` we will do whatever we have to do '' . 
  his remarks were interpreted as a threat to lower corporation tax aggressively to undercut france , germany and italy further . 
  any potential trade deal with the us would be a powerful weapon in the uk negotiating armoury as it would open further a huge market for british goods and services . 
  mr trump said he thought that `` brexit is going to end up being a great thing '' and welcomed the fall in the value of the pound for having helped to boost the attractiveness of british products abroad . 
  the president-elect , who will be inaugurated on friday , said he was also looking forward to visiting britain , saying his scottish mother was `` so proud of the queen '' . 
  `` any time the queen was on television , an event , my mother would be watching , '' he said . 
  he also quipped that his scottish ancestry meant he liked to `` watch my pennies '' , adding : `` i mean i deal in big pennies , that 's the problem . '' however , he was far less warm towards the eu and said he understood completely the sentiment behind the leave campaign which , he believed , was largely driven by immigration . 
  `` i do believe this , if they [ eu countries ] had n't been forced to take in all of the refugees , so many , with all the problems that it . 
  entails , i think that you would n't have a brexit . 
  it probably could have worked out but this was the final straw , this was the final straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  `` i think people want . 
  their own identity , so if you ask me . 
  i believe others will leave . '' he was also less warm about mrs merkel despite saying he had `` great respect '' for the german leader . 
  `` i think she made one very catastrophic mistake and that was taking all of these illegals , you know , taking all of the people from wherever they come from , '' he said . 
  `` and nobody even knows where they come from . 
  so i think she made a catastrophic mistake , very bad mistake . '' mr trump also confirmed that he would appoint jared kushner , his son-in-law , to broker a middle east peace deal , urged britain to veto any new un security council resolution critical of israel and repeated his criticism of president obama 's handling of the iran nuclear deal . 
   what leverage does the eu have over us at all ? 
  they do n't really have that much . 
  this sub will try desperately to tell you otherwise . 
  any `` leverage '' the eu has will wither away over the coming months . 
  is britain the only european country with a nuclear deterrent ? 
   and recently voted to block compulsary lgbt education in schools voting against lgbt education in schools doe n't mean you 're anti-gay, 
  using the word `` may '' in political headlines confuses me greatly nowadays, 
  i think it will be easy with australia as as soon as the referendum result was announced the australian ambasador to the uk was on tv stating his countries intent on signing a free trade deal with britain once eu negotiations had finished . 
  [ you had an army of negiotiators in the uk just after the vote aswell . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/10/08/australian-negotiators-arrive-to-begin-post-brexit-trade-talks/ ), 
  wait , i thought the rest of the eu was intent on stealing london 's finance industry and not offering it any access to the european market ? 
  at least that 's what this sub told me ... 
   long term i can see the banking sector moving to paris or frankfurt so the eu will come out of this as the clear winner . 
  assuming you 're reffering to the 4.8 % of london banking activity linked to the eu market ? 
  not the whole market , as i have n't seen anyone suggest that and it would be pure insanity to do so lol . 
  it depends on the individual trade deals what industries/products would be allowed to access the other market . 
  i would imagine the uk would look to prioritise market access for its service industries , particularly finance , as that is a strength of the british economy . 
  i 'm confident the uk can sign relatively speedy trade deals with australia , new zealand , usa and canada .
