  it 's really not, 
   europe needs a single , competent and strong leader/party to pull the continent out of the current demographic sinkhole you think centralising power will reverse demographic trends ? 
   turns out when you have long workweeks , low salaries and high cost of living but southern europe does n't have long workweeks or high costs of living, 
   nhs does not seem to be competitive much longer ;-) public sector never is , 
  you probably work in a weird artsy part . 
  come to the square mile chuck . 
  the uk and scotland are ranked as diferent things on the chart ? 
  scotland is part of the uk, 
  i work in central london . 
  * they do *, 
  tell us something we do n't know . 
  spanish and portugese doctors serve my coffee . 
  it 's going to be interesting watching germany slide into economic irrelevance due to a decreasing population as france and the uk power ahead over our lifetime . 
   nothing has changed so far buddy except everybody , including all companies know we 're leaving the single market , and there 's only rumours a few finance jobs might be moving abroad . 
  i mean , inward investment has continue strongly . 
  it 's the polar opposite of what was predicted as * soon as * the brit voted leave . 
  god , will the uk ever stop winning ? 
  i actually voted remain , i just never bought into the anti-brexit hysteria , and so far i 've been proven right in not buying into it . 
  also , what does a british person 's stance on brexit have to do with the amount of islamist terrorist attacks france falls victim to ? 
  man , france is such a great country . 
  it 's such ashame to see what route they 're going down . 
  lol , completely unaware they 're still trying to dispute this, 
   but no matter how you look at it , uk is going to lose more still waiting for our economic growth to slow down, 
   20 years ago we had a right wing pm , what are you talking about ? 
  the left won the argument on immigration, 
   yes france is highest but places like the uk also have high numbers as a % of the population , france 's number are over double that of the uk . 
  it 's a mountain of difference . 
   why does france get such a high amount of these compared to the rest of europe ? 
  because france has by far the most muslims as a % of the population of the major western powers, 
  so over 2 % ? 
  you 're telling me , if offered , not 1 % of poles would take a job and a 1 bed flat on the outskirts of london ? 
  it 's an expression , obviously not all . 
  but an incredible amount do . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  if the eu wants to cut ties in everything that gives us any benefit , than the uk will likely reciprocate . 
  the eu ca n't have it all its own way . 
  that looks nothing like the paintings of newton . 
  regardless , one of if not the greatest scientist in history . 
  if this is warsaw , why do all poles want to live in a dingy 1 bed flat on the outskirts of london ? 
   too bad they threaten to stop doing that . 
  you europeans must realise you can not pick and choose what cooperaton you have with us, 
   / r/europe is political ? 
  i thought it was geographic . 
  please, 
  it 's going to be a shame to withdraw our intel from our european allies if they want to cut off all ties in brexit negotiations . 
   its a bad idea to call for a independence referendum but its ok for a ge ? 
  yeah , they 're very different . 
  ge 's come and go all the time , an independence referendum * should * be once every generation at most . 
   this is her biggest card she is now playing it makes wonder why ? 
  history shows it 's worthwhile calling a ge when your this far ahead in the polls, 
   is the nsh really that destroyed compare to a few years ago ? 
  no , waiting times are slightly longer . 
  that 's mostly just propaganda from left wing parties like the greens/labour, 
   you can bet scotland snp is not scotland, 
   can somebody explain what implications will it have ? 
  tories likely to increase majority . 
  labour likely to loose significant amounts of seats . 
  lib dems likely to gain a far few seats . 
  snp likely to remain dominant in scotland , but the scottish conservatives could gain ground . 
  they wo n't . 
  unless corbyn chooses to resign , but he wo n't , otherwise he would have done it already . 
   it certainly should n't have any impact on politics . 
  so you think anyone in politics should be banned from mentioning religon ? 
  i 'm not really sure what impact you think this speech has on politics in general , it 's a christian politician mentioning her faith in an address on a christian holy day . 
  they only want that insofar as they want control of immigration . 
  outside of that even the most staunch brexiteers are quite open to cooperation in a number of areas . 
  it 's the eu acting extreme here and wanting to end everything , which is funny because if we do end everything it 's going to be european civilians dying in large scale terrorist attacks . 
  i never thought the eu would actually push for this but here we are . 
   there was way too much religious talk for my liking in that speech i mean , it is a christian holy day ... 
   `` eu to strip britain of . . '' is so annoying . 
  its more like the uk decided to leave the eu and all that comes with . 
  yep , much like the uk will strip the eu of all the intelligence we usually share . 
  which will almost certainly result in an increase in deaths from terrorist attacks on the continent . 
  the eu has to understand if they want to stop * all * cooperation , then britain will oblige . 
  really ? 
  a few mistypes by journalists ? 
   claiming irish celebrities as british such as ? 
   but having one with absolutely no intention to every even come to ireland to be fair , i do n't really know anyone in the uk who actually wants to go and live in ireland . 
  i 've never seen someone type so much and say so little, 
  please elaborate, 
  there is no battle . 
  only london stands a chance of competing with silicon valley and it 's leaving the eu . 
   the eu comes up more often as an answer the european taxpayer *, 
  why are european federalists so obsessed with the idea of europe being a superpower ? 
  well , when you have a culture and national identity as strong as the ones we have here , it 's hard to `` feel '' european . 
  polish women are the real benefit to polish immigration, 
  [ removed ], 
  london, 
  scotland , although the movement appears to be waning, 
  liverpool, 
  the climate was the exact same when that film was released in 10, 
  r/europe has made me dislike the rest of europe as i now see how xenophobic they are towards the uk . 
   that means you 've never eaten any of real german or austrian food . 
  well , i 've travelled around both and eaten in a number of different places in what was billed as traditional local food and i did n't like it . 
  i 'll say germany/austria . 
  they 're all pretty niche . 
  china, 
  you need to go to london, 
   maybe if you put the capital in dublin ( which would annoy everyone else ) or move it around all the time ( which would be impractical ) . 
  maybe we could put it somewhere random like wales,
