  * agreed . 
  ireland should definatly re-join the uk . 
  ireland to join the uk ? 
  of fuck off trying to blame this on discrimination , muslim women 's failures are completly down to islam and nothing else . 
  * ` uk establishment talks as if it still were `` dat empire '' ' * yeah , as a brit i only ever see this opinion said on this sub by foreigners . 
  no one in the uk thinks we have an empire . 
  in fact it is very seldom even discussed , we do n't really learn about it in school or anything . 
  to most people it 's as if it never happened . 
  i do n't know why this idea keeps popping up , but it is completly false . 
  medal table can be quite misleading at this stage , let 's see where they finish, 
  depends how you define terribly poor . 
  by global standards they are all terribly wealthy . 
  so paris is more important to france than london is to the uk ? 
  i would have guessed the opposite . 
  what do you mean by american english ? 
  as a native speaker i do n't consider ` british ' english and ` american ' english seperate . 
  i just view it as english . 
  are you just reffering to dropping the odd u off a word ( humor instead of humour ) and switching the odd s for z ( globalization instead of globalisation ) ? 
  name checks out, 
  i was talking generally . 
  what would productivity be a better measure for ? 
  gdp per capita can be a very misleading measure, 
  how would you become nordic out of interest ? 
  the uk will make a success of the situation as we always do . 
  vote for ruth, 
  that certainly contributes , but the real elephant in the room is the lack of good jobs for young people . 
  france : the country that can not win a war . 
   you ca n't be the leading economic force in the world when your country does n't have anything to sell all countries sell stuff, 
   one month of bad results does n't mean that the euro is to blame are you trying to suggest the euro has only produced one month of bad results ? 
  what does your comment have to do with anything ? 
  my point was the financial strain the collapse of the empire put on the uk threatened english-scottish unity . 
  you 've just gone off on an unrelated anti-british empire tangent . 
  stupid left wing shit like this drove britain to leave, 
  fantastic choice . 
  churchill is the greatest british statesmen of all time . 
  yes , it left us in financial ruins, 
  story of the 21st century, 
  * demographics and attitudes are changing * this is a mistake made by young liberals over and over again . 
  they seem to assume because young people often think a certain way once the older people die out their ideology will become the dominant one . 
  in reality the majority of them change their viewpoint as they age . 
  by and large northern ireland is strongly pro-uk and republican liberal thinking will not change that . 
  and 100 years later a large chunk of it is still in . 
  the loss of the american colonies ? 
  two world wars ? 
  the collapse of the british empire ? 
  the post empire economic slump ? 
  the referendum two years ago ? 
  sorry but you are talking gibberish xd, 
  yeah , you 're rambling nonsense . 
  northern ireland will not leave , they are the most pro-uk part of the uk . 
  why wait for time when polls can tell us now ? 
  the union will endure like it always has . 
  yeah , as a londoner i 've noticed an upkick in economic activity since brexit . 
  turns out ukip were actually been right xd, 
  british nationalism is the best nationalism , 
  obviously , these things take time . 
  yeah , let 's please be realistic , no way will northern ireland leave . 
  scotland is a faint possibility . 
  they really do n't . 
  most of them stay in the uk xd, 
  no it does n't stop talking nonsense, 
  huh ? 
  by having the young , educated and ambitious leave the poorer countries never to return ? 
  you ca n't possibly think the disparity between west wales and london is the same as the disparity between the uk and bulgaria ? 
  you do n't actually think that do you ? 
  no , no reason what so ever . 
  the eu will destroy itself before it admits free movement does not work when there is such a colosal disparity in living standards between member states . 
  not really . 
  the reason scotland and northern ireland both voted to remain is because the average scot or north irishmen does n't have to suffer the negative side effects of immigration as very few people move into those parts of the uk . 
  everyone who comes into the uk wants to stay in england . 
  * downvotes for the truth , how typical of this sub *, 
  that strikes me as rather petty, 
  loool stop lying collectiveindividual , no one is messaging you on linkedin . 
  you 've been hating the uk on this sub for years . 
  black british urban youth tend to identify more with black american culture than they do with british culture . 
  so they take all the shit going down with black americans as if it 's happening to them . 
  if only they realised how good they have it in the uk . 
  but if he is interested in that it does n't make a difference what you think . 
  i 'm in the working world and let me tell you , studying something you are not interested in because you think it 's more employable is the most stupid fucking thing you will ever do . 
  all the global university ranking tables . 
  britain has the second best higher education in the whole world ( after the us ) . 
  why is establishing mutually beneficial trade deals `` begging '' ? 
  under your logic australia is already begging us for a trade deal . 
  any degree is valuable if you enjoy man . 
  i just do n't buy into this stem degrees are the only way to go circle jerk . 
  usually it is only said by people who are n't even in the working world yet . 
  i studied a social science and now i work in central london at one of the best public affairs consultancies in the world . 
  london because it is ranked the highest in the world for quality and quantity of university . 
  or britain more broadly because we have the best higher education in europe . 
  have the french surrendered yet ? 
  is this article satire ? 
  i think the british government will just end up ignoring the snp if that 's the case . 
   they do n't seem enthusiastic to take part in designing the exit . 
  nearly 40 % of them are, 
  do n't all western countries represent that ? 
  they gave us brits the credit in the imitation game , 
  yeah , poland certainly helped . 
  but if the credit has to go to one country , it would be the uk . 
  yeah , hate on his policies all you want but cameron was damn good at the dispatch box . 
  may takes over as the pm tomorrow,
