  why are you commenting when you clearly have n't seen the movie ? 
  the french soldiers were shown holding the line in the opening scene as one of the british soldiers retreated . 
  the rest of the film then followed a few select british soldiers as they retreated . 
  what more do you want them to show ? 
  mindless battle scene portraying the french as glorious soldiers dying against a tricolour backdrop ? 
  it 's not that type of movie , you need to shut up and go watch it . 
   haha not really you 're still so butthurt xd, 
   there 's a reason many people say things like `` d-day was an anglo-american effort . '', 
  instead of `` d-day was an anglo effort . '', 
  anglo encompasses the uk and canada , but not so much the us . 
  no it does n't , anglo just refers to the uk . 
  the canadians fall under american in the term `` anglo-american '' when referring to d-day . 
   we are talking about how hollywood wo n't make movies from a pov that 's not british or american this was only made from a british perspective because the writer/director is from the uk . 
  if the french want more big budget ww2 movies focused on them they should produce more top quality writers/directors who would be able to gain funding in hollywood . 
  the future is bright * the butthurt downvotes xd *, 
  london really is the best city in the world, 
  but let 's be honest , they 're not . 
  you know it , i know it , we all know it . 
  for some reason some random political communication company is paid to produce these reports annually , they ca n't just give it to the same country every year so they have to alternate . 
  2 years ago it was the uk , last year the us , now france . 
  you really think the soft power super power changes hands so often ? 
   they 're going to love it when minorities become more than 50 % of the vote . 
  gon na be a while , iirc the uk is around 90 % white, 
   again , it 's not volume but effectiveness and image . 
  agreed , my point is france 's cultural exports are not * particularly * effective, 
   the study itself points out that brexit is a threat to the uk 's soft power . 
  and if the uk responds to it by becoming protectionist and isolated , then it will definitely fall in the ranks , it already has fallen . 
  i posted this exact study from a couple years ago when it placed uk as number 1 . 
  it got downvoted to oblivion on this sub . 
  all of a sudden france is number 1 and it shoots to the front page . 
  us cultural export are a hell of a lot more effective than french ones . 
  how many french singers does the average joe listen to compared to american ones ? 
  how many french films does the average joe watch compared to american ones ? 
  it 's really no contest . 
  it did n't . 
  to suggest the us is not number 1 for soft power is laughable . 
  yeah uk went down . 
  uk was number 1 a couple of years ago , possibly even last year . 
  i posted the same report and it got downvoted to oblivion . 
  now all of a sudden france is placed at number 1 and it shoots to the front page . 
  lol !, 
  i love when i posted this study from a previous year ( same company who did it ) when it said the uk was number 1 in soft power it got downvoted to oblivion and completely ignored . 
  only a few people commented on it , and those comments were mostly discrediting the source . 
  now all of a sudden the same company compiles the same report for this year , which places france as number 1 , and it shoots to the front page with a tsunami of upvotes and comments . 
  this sub is so anti-british it 's absurd . 
   that 's what i was thinking . 
  it 's like 24h job of being somebody , others expect you to be . 
  trying things ? 
  expressing yourself ? 
  being too honest and receiving honest opinions from common people ? 
  there seems to be no place for that . 
  sounds like a perfect recipe for mental illness, 
  france does n't make top 3, 
   the north atlantic archipelago jesus christ that 's a mouthful, 
   russian gas definitly is preferable to pumping toxic chemicals into the soil . 
  i do n't think you understand the fracking process . 
  monitered fracking can be very beneficial for our country . 
  minimal impact on environment , good source of energy , often provides jobs to more rural communities etc. 
  a country like ireland , considering how sparesely populated it is , could benefit massively from it . 
  he seems very angry theresa may is trying to hold onto power but what other situation would he propose ? 
  the conservatives finished the largest party by 60 odd seats , it 's their right and their duty to form a government anyway they can as no one else has the ability to do so . 
  most eu migrants seem desperate to stay, 
   brexit going to be a fucking disaster for the uk , you 're deluded if you believe otherwise ok i 'll play ball . 
  i think it will be fine , why does that make me deluded ? 
   not biggest trading block , biggest single market . 
  it wo n't be either after the uk leaves, 
  god , the eu is looking more and more protectionist by the day . 
  sad to see . 
   british redditors keep on telling me that the days of the empire are so far gone that today 's brits ca n't even remember what it was . 
  that narrative seems to be at odds with british politicians who hold on to the remnants of the empire by their bare teeth . 
  daily misguided comment from a european about how the brits still cling onto their empire, 
   i was under the impression we depended on nato for defense , not uk . 
  yes , and the uk is one of the most prominent militaries in nato, 
   why should anyone support uk in this ? 
  because we 're britain so we 're always right, 
   we should have just asked politely for independence , i wonder why we did n't think of that ... 
  pretty much , asked politely and waited for the national mood to change in gb, 
   why is n't it touched ? 
  i think it should be as it 's a massive part of both british and global history . 
  but i suppose the people who decide the school syllabus think it 's `` too controversial '' as it may paint britain in a bad light . 
  nope , the empire is n't really touched in british school , most people know next to nothing about it !, 
  but i 'm just a history buff , 
   independence is what the rest of the world fought against the british for . 
  actually the sweeping majority did n't fight for it , britain just gave it to them . 
  * suprised this has received so many downvotes , it 's just a statement of historical fact *, 
  strong performance from the uk as per, 
  strong performance from the uk as per, 
   members of the royal family , some politicians and reporters a serving pm has higher security demands than them, 
  theresa may is much more likely to be attacked than the queen . 
  as proved when she went to visit the residents after being criticised for not visiting the residents , and the residents attacked her ... 
  british music really is incredible, 
   hat do you think the different interests and `` choices '' are influenced by ? 
  exactly , they 're partially influenced by how society views and acts towards people based on their gender . 
  or you know , maybe they 're just into different things on average . 
  women are more interested in careers in communications , men are more interested in careers in finance . 
  such is life . 
  not salty , i 'm now hoping for a soft brexit . 
  which i think is entirely posible :p, 
   yeah , but ... no . 
  your opinion does n't really matter on this , the eu would bite their arm off to have the uk back .
