  she is all dominant in rural england and set to gain significantly in wales . 
   uk car manufacturers would be slaughtered because they would be faced with a 10 % tax in europe and would be subject to intense competition at home . 
  competition breeds world beating companies . 
  protectionism breeds mediocrity . 
   so , you are suggesting the uk has the same model used by eu member states ? 
  yes but with the world rather than a small number of european countries, 
   maybe the uk will just become our second or third largest trading partner . 
  considering proxmity and strong uk demographics , i do n't think this will happen . 
   yes but even so it 's just 16 % of exports that go to the uk . 
  that 's an absurdly high number to not have as a priority . 
  yeah , tusk is a disgrace of a man . 
  anyone with two brain cells can see this is political posturing to try and further his own career and nothing more . 
   it seems to be more about spinning any story to reassure the public they are n't fucked pro-eu media seems to be spinning any story to reassure the europhiles the british public are fucked . 
  it goes both ways , if you ca n't see that you need to examine your own bias . 
   theresa may ca n't even unite the uk over brexit . 
  she 's riding record high in the polls, 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/19/ethiopian-spice-girls-given-5m-british-foreign-aid-despite-previous/ - ethiopian girl band reference jesus christ 5 million, 
   labour need a leader like liz kendall t liz kendall would not appeal to them * at all * . 
  someone like andy burnham might . 
  this just in : politicians are human and make mistakes when speaking to large crowds, 
  agreed , it 's all them romanians, 
   why ? 
  because he 's an anti-uk pro-eu nutter, 
   an uk think tank it 's a pan-european think-tank, 
   on what basis ? 
  just trust us, 
  uk should read `` pret job factory '', 
   no debates for a national election ? 
  is that a normal thing for u.k ? 
  yes , tv debates are a relatively new thing here, 
  uk stronk, 
  i 'm sure this will help make europe economically competitive by requiring employers to provide * yet more * stuff to their workers out of their own pocket ... * sigh *, 
  in other news , isis say western civilisation `` at risk '' post-second coming of muhamed . 
  what ? 
  how is my comment at their throat , i 'm saying we like ireland/the irish . 
  we just do n't pay attention to ireland in a political sense at all , which means any referendum they have wo n't make much difference . 
   for a one a size of poland on the other side of the globe canada , australia & new zealand has a larger population and a * much much * larger gdp than poland . 
  also , brexit may allow closer ties to the us as well . 
  which would mean sacrificing one smaller trade block ( eu ) for another ( us ), 
  as much as us brits like ireland , we just do n't listen to them or pay attention to the country at all . 
  damn , sweden 's really gone downhill in a number of areas in recent years . 
   majority of them obviously will vote macron but some of them are acting like spoiled kids . 
  are they not more closely allied with le pen 's protectionism than macron 's neo-globalised capitalism ? 
   not if he lives in london i live in london and his explanation has no basis in reality, 
   you also ca n't compare a referendum and a presidential election when they 're both contested on a simple majority vote , you can compare them . 
   a region full of rich retirees i forgot to mention , wealthy retirees got both votes over the line , especially the brexit vote . 
  * the president is elected by direct popular vote , cliton would have win with this condition * but brexit would have . 
  [ check here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-us-2016-37450661 ) , in early-mid october trump was well over 10 points behind . 
   this comparison are not relevant at all . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's all based on the support of rural , white working class communities who are worried about immigration terrorism and have n't been able to compete in the increasingly globalised world . 
  polls fluctuate a lot . 
  at various points on the campaign trail trump was over 10 points behind . 
   polls give macron a 20 + lead over le pen yeah man , i do n't know . 
  it all just feels remarkably similar to brexit/trump . 
  macron is cut from the same ilk as clinton and the remain camp , le pen from trump and leave . 
  i think it 's going to be much closer than people think . 
   they know she wo n't win . 
  hmm , after brexit and trump , you 'd be a mad man to count her out already . 
   these alt right tears are delicious :d keep em coming !, 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , but are n't the alt right supporting le pen ? 
  who 's just got through to the final round, 
   6/6 past pms and 3/3 other candidates just did . 
  as proven by trump , that means absolutely nothing . 
  what matters is how the people feel . 
  only my analysis of you my friend !, 
  there must be some deep , inner mental turmoil you 're going through to dedicate so much of your time to hating on a country and that 's just my take !, 
  this is n't to do with brexit , you 've been spewing shite against the uk since way before brexit . 
  i think you have an inferiority complex about the uk , you 're jealous of british cultural and political relevance because ireland has absolutely none . 
  the mental gymnastics you do is both pathetic and astounding hahaha . 
  enjoy living in our shadow chuck , 
  but that makes no sense . 
  you could move to * any * country with a currency weaker , as strong as , or slightly stronger than the euro ( which the pound is ) . 
  why pick a country you 've dedicated half your life to hating on an online internet forum ? 
  i mean , you support the ira , yet you 've chosen to move to the uk . 
  it makes zero sense . 
  hahahahahaha why visit a country you talk shit about 24/7 ? 
  all these wonderful counties should be united under the british flag !, 
   where i am at the moment in england tell me you do n't live in england !? 
  you seemingly spend your life on this sub talking shit about england . 
   i never once saw any mention of st george 's day . 
  most people did n't even know it existed . 
  i call bs . 
  it 's mentioned every year and everyone knows about it . 
  sure , it 's not as big as say paddy 's day , but you 've massively over exaggerating . 
  the polish government have stated poles * may * return home after brexit , after years of wishing they would return home . 
  but all signs point to this not happening . 
   they will choose countries like canada/austrlia they wo n't stand a chance of getting let in, 
   while you wait for the next welfare check i work in the city of london, 
   brexit voters in action . 
  i voted remain chuck , but whatever helps you sleep night, 
   i am afraid i have not read that book . 
  it 's based on the russian revolution . 
  it 's really the premise that whenever too much power gets concentrated in the hands of a select few individuals ( in the case of animal farm , the pigs ) then rights get violated . 
  as has been proven across history . 
  * nothing will be done quickly if everyone has a say and everyone 's views are to be debated and accommodated as it is being done now * did n't napolean say this in animal farm ? 
  * ours * labels it at ours xd * butthurt downvotes ahoy !, 
   scotland parliament and british parliament are different things . 
  but then why not include the welsh assembly ? 
   scotland is the best part of the uk .
