  ha uk number 4 !? 
  what !, 
   it was of great benefit for the uk have all those migrant workers . 
  the uk can easily have those anyway . 
  i do n't need validation . 
  i voted remain , but i was n't hugely enthusiastic about either option . 
  however i think it 's plain to see their are opportunities with brexit . 
  the only place that denies that is this sub , and that 's why i argue in favour . 
   i 'm sure they 'll be glad to get rid of you too . 
  the last referendum and most polls point to no, 
  it depends if it 's economically viable to extract or not . 
  if it 's deep sea there would have to be * a hell of a lot * there to make it worth scottish overheads . 
  it 's mostly because europeans on here always try and argue an apocalyptical situation for britain , many are also gleefully willing on the prospect of the uk itself breaking apart . 
  i think both of these stem from an insecurity about the eu 's future and it 's standing in the world post-brexit . 
  as a brit you tend to just argue back because so many of the claims by people on this sub are utterly ridiculous , but they always seem to get upvoted by the hoardes of europhiles no matter how ridiculous or inaccurate they are . 
   but you think you have an easier time getting the deals you want we you are independent . 
  yes , for the simple reason the uk is unable to sign deals as part of the eu . 
  it would be much easier . 
  i 've never seen anyone realistically argue the opposite . 
  * while abusing wto rules because there ca n't be any opposition against such enormous economies . 
  * oh god , you really do n't have any idea about international trade . 
  the main reaon wto rules exist is to make global trade fair , so large economies ca n't take advantage of smaller ones lol . 
  what on earth are you harping on about they abuse the rules because they 're large economies ? 
   i understand that you 're seeking validation for your position on brexit i voted remain, 
   oh he 's so rich and dreamy !, 
  i must worship him !, 
  worship no . 
  but anyone who has amassed a net worth of 4 billion is worth listening to on business issues . 
  especially over angsty lefties posting in r/europe . 
   dyson is the perfect example of a guy who got rich of globalism you talk as if the entire brexit campaign was anti-globalist . 
  i do n't blame you as a foreigner for being mislead on this , the farage lead campaign was the one that gained all the headlines . 
  but there was a sizeable strand of vote leave that was actually pro more globalisation . 
  they succesfully painted the eu as a diminishing , protectionist economic block ( which it is ) . 
  this was an argument that really cut through to a lot of people and helped get brexit over the line . 
  expect britain to embrace globalisation to an even greater extent over the coming years . 
  much to the annoyance of team ukip . 
   no , i said james dyson sorry , but are you suggesting a man with a net worth of 4.2 billion usd is not a succesful businessman ? 
   this is what experienced business people are a leading campaigner for brexit is saying . 
    dyson has been campaigning against the eu for donkey 's years . 
  you mean a succesful business person with a nuanced understanding of international trade and regulation was in favour of brexit !? 
  but r/europe told me only poor , uneducated working class folk backed brexit ... 
     good thing inexperienced anti-eu millennials are there to gobble op bullshit i tend to take advice from experienced and accomplished individuals , rather than angsty guardian journalists !, 
  in other words , despite what inexperienced pro-eu millennials think , the eu single market is n't that important and businesses can be highly succesful and competitive on wto rules . 
  or at least this is what experienced business people are saying . 
  who 'd have funk it, 
   hydrogen produced ? 
  it 's produced in an onboard fuel cell . 
  yeah , it 's amazing that despite the collapse of the british empire at that time , london has become * even more * economically dominant . 
  seemingly nothing can hold the city down . 
   the eu would have to be willing to accept us back let 's be honest , the eu would take us back at the drop of a hat . 
  i say never !, 
  interesting vid, 
   skyscraper booms are usually followed by an economic downturn . 
  the opposite is true, 
  interesting . 
  is there any reason why nearly all of them are being built in east london ? 
  wait , are they all currently under construction ? 
   this sub ( and the awesome people over on / r/acteuropa ) have made me feel more european than anything else . 
  i actually feel like we 're all part of the same country :d interesting , this sub has actually made me feel entirely less european and has pushed me from a reluctant remainer to a staunch brexiteer . 
   not many females reached the upper limits of the finance industry that 's because far more men choose to work in finance than women . 
  and women often have time off work across their career , which is unacceptable if you want to reach the top of finance . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  it 's one of the things the uk is known for, 
  not all , but plenty from far flung areas do . 
  you 'd be suprised , i used to work with someone who commuted from norwich . 
  the uk is more of an out and out meritocracy . 
  on the one hand we do n't give women/minorities as many handouts as say , sweden . 
  but on the other hand there 's nothing stopping a women rising to the top on her own merit . 
  that 's the price you pay for the best university education in europe, 
  good !, 
  women should n't be paid by employers to take time off having children . 
  why 's that odd ? 
  in future they should all just debate in english, 
  uk would be the really smart one who does n't get along with the other kids but does n't care as he 's on straight a 's and is set to go to oxford . 
  * downvotes for truth *, 
  he was the only high ranking ukip politician with the potential to win more voters for the party . 
  with this move it 's clear ukip have no intention of stepping out of farage 's shadow . 
  lol at the europhiles begging trump to like them . 
  he hates all you europhiles !, 
  in europe he only likes the fantastic united kingdom !, 
  get over it folks . 
  uk good . 
  let 's cut more business rates !, 
  let 's get that number down to 1 !, 
  because london has become so economically dominant the entire south east is generally seen as its commuters belt . 
  yep , good thing i own !, 
  lol !, 
  yeah i think dublin will benefit from brexit tbh . 
  on the downside for ireland if the british economy slows in the short - medium term ( it probably will ) ireland will suffer more than most . 
  probably !, 
  two world wars could n't stop london from leading the global economy , i highly doubt brexit will . 
  * downvotes for truth *, 
  feels good to be a londoner , 
  hurr durr democratic accountability is going back in time hurr durr, 
   terrible weather , have a robot personality , live less , have more diseases do not have artistic talent and the men being effeminate ? 
  where a large part of their own women reject , and seek foreign men because they are more virile and interesting ? 
  huh !, 
   but what does it tell exactly ? 
  it tells the nominal gdp of european countries ' capital regions as of 2017,
