  big bang ? 
  gravity ? 
  computers ? 
  world wide web ? 
  football ? 
  cricket ? 
  trains ? 
  the rolling stones ? 
  english language ? 
  shakespeare ? 
  industrial revolution ? 
  scientific revolution ? 
  harry potter ? 
  lord of the rings ? 
  kings & queens ? 
  2 world wars ? 
  churchill ? 
  tea ? 
  oxford ? 
  cambridge ? 
  james bond ? 
  the beatles ? 
   if she disagreed with the requirements laid forward by the mufti , she should have just cancelled the meeting ( which she asked for ) yes , cater to the facists !, 
  that 's the true left spirit !, 
   we would probably struggle to defend our own borders right now lmao, 
   make sure the protocol is discussed prior to the meeting there should be no protocol over making women wear headwear in governmental meetings . 
  even if it is a pr stunt , it highlights a very important point that the left have failed to adress . 
  the uk has more expertise than france, 
   the us works ? 
  i mean it 's nothing compared to portugal ... 
  this makes me respect le pen . 
  puts the `` feminist '' swedish government to shame . 
  what do you do for work ? 
  that 's what i imagine all of eastern europe looks like xd, 
  yes , we become more enlightened . 
  damn , feel sorry for the swedes . 
  used to be such a nice , safe country . 
  oxford have denied they are doing this . 
  wishful thinking from the french lol . 
  why do swedish men allow this feminist nonsense ? 
  it 's just a bunch of man haters who want to give women the upperhand . 
  at least that 's what the movement is in the uk . 
  yes i 'm aware they voted to remain in the eu . 
  but voting to remain in a 40 odd year old loose network of states around europe does n't mean they want to leave the uk and rejoin spain lol . 
  yeah , i think one of france 's key advantages is it 's climate . 
  not too hot , not too cold . 
  * the daily litany is familiar by now : terrorist threats , national decline and politicians behaving like villains in a front national propaganda film about grabby elites . 
  * i think that quote says it all . 
   spain is more than willing to take it back . 
  what spain wants is completly irrelevant . 
  it only matters what the people of gibraltar want . 
  and their is no evidence to suggest anywhere near a majority wish to leave the uk and rejoin spain . 
  good news for the uk !, 
  not so good for germany and other european countries . 
  sorry guys !, 
  i remember watching bbc coverage live from a migrant camp in europe . 
  the presenter said all the children standing along the wall behind her are in need of a home . 
  i looked behind her and it was a bunch of 20-40 year old men . 
  children my arse . 
  not for long !, 
  west london !!, 
   i forgot that my country is being taken over not taken over , but it 's got noticeably worse in a very short amount of time, 
  just stating facts , continue to bury your head in the sand if you wish, 
  - introduction of western medicine , dramatically increased african 's average life span and quality of life . 
  - liberal ideas on race ( for the time ) . 
  meaning the french had no moral issues with educating african 's to the same standard as frenchmen . 
  also , the road to french citizenship was open as being an ethnic african did not disqualify you ( giving africans the chance of a better life ) . 
  - they also built key infrastructure . 
  - french africa ushered in an era of peace in the region , which meant all countries could focus on advancing themselves rather than engaging in tribal warfare . 
  there 's also a number of reasons i have n't mentioned . 
  but as far as empires go , the french was the most humane and beneficial to the conquered people . 
  no , all the others should be dead as in reality they have no functioning military xd ( except france ), 
  sad to see what 's happened to sweden . 
  it used to be a country everyone admired . 
  now it 's one everyone fears their country will turn out like !, 
  britain !, 
   i love how bitter the uk is . 
  whatever bitterness there is in the uk , it 's nothing compared to the biterness from europe . 
  just look at this sub as an example xd, 
  anyone who actually reads up on french imperial history will see the french presence in africa was a god send . 
  great city !, 
  blows 99 % of continental cities out of the water !, 
  nope, 
  oppp yeah japanese aswell !, 
  but no french usually !, 
  no , no one watches french cartoons here !, 
  only british/american/canadian / australian !!, 
  * this many downvotes for this comment ? 
  sorry europeans !, 
  us brits just are n't that interested in the pop culture you produce !, 
   i wo n't downvote you you defo downvoted him, 
  and russia does ? 
  amazing how much mainland europe relies on the us considering how they bad mouth the country 24/7 !, 
  yeah , probably hard to get data from there !, 
  do n't really know why the eu would concern themselves with this , it ' entirely up to the individual countries, 
  damn the eu is in trouble !, 
  great news for britain !, 
   why would it ? 
  because it 's an entertaining physical winter sport with a global following and those countries have quite macho/patrichal cultures and cold winters, 
  he must be a high functioning alcoholic then !,
