  london dominating as per . 
  i often forget how economically prominent paris is though . 
  the guardian really is a misleading , incompetent publication . 
  yes it can and it does, 
  damn , it looks weak and feeble, 
  junker is a left wing trump, 
  beautiful !, 
  best country in the world !, 
  this needs to stop happening . 
  europe needs to make sure those boats never leave africa . 
  the uk has a great film industry ( one of the best ) and i support it wholeheartedly . 
  good luck getting the brits to pay that junker !, 
  they 're just gon na laugh in your big ole face !, 
  let me guess , you read that in the guardian ? 
  60 years old and the eu is on life support . 
  it must have smoked when it was younger . 
   british manufacturing has gone down since the vote and the drop of the pound . 
  it takes time to develop industry , a low pound in the short to mid term just means those quickest to adapt will reap the reward . 
  i trust british business !, 
   it 's mostly bad . 
  lmao, 
  for business . 
  currency fluctuation does n't mean anything other than a boost for exports . 
  and besides , i 'm rich !, 
  makes no difference to me :p, 
  you should just join the uk !, 
  problem solved . 
  good !, 
  farage spot on as per, 
  northern europe dominating as per, 
  the uk will likely agree to this provided the eu is flexible in brexit negotiations . 
  nice building, 
   i 've had a moan in the past regarding their coverage being decidedly pro brexit lmao, 
  somewhat , the british press is very partisan on the whole . 
  but the guardian is the worst for complaining by far . 
   these relentless `` woe is me '' guardian articles come across as over dramatic and cloying . 
  that 's what the guardian exists to do . 
  complain and moan and whinge . 
  jesus , irish terrorism is back, 
  i have a friend who works at an irish polling company . 
  he 's reported a dramatic surge towards unionism in recent years . 
  it has yet to be picked up by one of the major parties . 
  with brexit and the prospect of the eu enforcing a hard border , many irish may want to leave the crumbling eu . 
  there 's certainly a strong and growing desire for a return to british rule , watch this space . 
   / s , surely ? 
  no , why ? 
  and everything else , the legacy of the mighty brits, 
  rome as well no doubt . 
  but britain much more for sure . 
  rome never left europe . 
  britain went all around the globe . 
   let 's hope brexit does n't fuel a return to that with a hard border . 
  though i really think that wo n't happen . 
  yeah , it looks likely ireland will leave the eu and rejoin the uk as time goes on . 
  only time will tell . 
   loyalist paramilitaries killed more civilians than the various versions of the ira . 
  proof ? 
  it 's amazing to see how much influence britain has had on the course of human civilisation when you see maps like this, 
   you must hate thatcher and a myriad of other british politicians then ? 
  i always support modern day british poltician over foriegn aggression, 
   less than a minute after i wrote that , you replied i am a fast reader, 
  yes , those actions were abhorrent . 
  but you need to look at them in the context of history , it does n't make it right but it makes it more forgiveable . 
  a man who supported slavery in say , the 15th century ( when everyone supported it ) is more forgiveable than a man who planned and advocated for murdering thousands of innocent people in the modern day . 
  there 's no questions about it . 
   so a man who committed genocide on a mass scale in my country ` changed history for the better ' whilst mcguinness , a man who was instrumental in bringing peace to northern ireland , is an evil terrorist with no redeeming qualities ? 
  what a completely reasonable opinion !, 
    the irish and the brits are both white northern european . 
    it 's good to know we 're white now :   http://brokeassstuart.com/wp-content/pictsnshit/2016/03/antiirish4.jpg yes , as a head of state hundreds and hundreds of years ago at a time when most countries were at war you 're bound to have some blood on your hands ( predominatly soldiers who fought against your army ) . 
  that does n't take away from the fact he was pivotal in establishing modern democracy . 
  a man who actively supported murdering innocent people in the late 20th century due to political differences is scum and will certainly rot in hell for eternity . 
  wow , harking back to the past again to try and justify your prejudices today ? 
  there 's only one person who 's mindset is still in the past , and it 's you . 
   but i do understand the context that drove them to terrorism which is ? 
   i mean you are clearly just doing this to piss off irish people . 
  i said that because he established the modern day form of democracy which is used all across the world . 
  also , what are you talking about racial and ethnic supremacy ? 
  the irish and the brits are both white northern european . 
   low intensity war tell that to the families of the innocent people who never came home due to ira terrorism, 
   did uk denounce all the kings and queens that supported and sanctioned colonialism ? 
  yes , any british monarch who advocated for the murdering of innocent civilians due to political differences should be renounced for that . 
  absolutely . 
  although , of course we hold post ww2/modern day figures to a different standard than medieval ones . 
  the ira is much , much worse . 
  overrated, 
   and what about all the loves lost thanks to the british army ? 
  the british army was just as bad considering they were state backed . 
  very few civilian lives compares to the civilian lives lost at the hands of the brutal ira, 
  no , i would rather we do n't celebrate a man who murdered innocents in the first place . 
  is that really too much to ask ? 
   yes . 
  because how else were we suppose to resolve the conflict ? 
  through the work of people who never support the mass murder of innocents, 
   i think you overestimate how well it is known . 
  they know enough to know innocent people were brutally murdered in the name of a political ideology , and they still choose to support it . 
  that , to me , is unforgivable . 
  please provide one example, 
   i have yet to read one of your racist anti-irish tirades in awhile , where have you been ? 
  excuse me ? 
   well , i think mcguinness is a complicated case .
