  the second one is behind a paywall . 
   i find stating `` northern ireland '' equally as `` provocative '' how can that be equally as provocative when that is actually what it is ? 
   that 's because cameron said invoking article 50 `` would happen straight after the vote '' he never said that, 
   our country once had as its motto `` back turned to the world , proudly alone '' . 
  a nation of iliterate , starving peasants , your country was also once a world power with global trade links . 
  i would say being part of the eu has significantly reduced your relevance . 
  obama comes from africa , i do n't think he cares too much about the special relationship xd, 
   many of uk regions have lower gdp per capita that some of poland 's you got stats to back that up ? 
   please keep your isolationist grubby hands out of us . 
  why grubby ? 
  being in the eu clearly has n't worked for you guys . 
  going it alone may actually be what 's best for you . 
   wait . 
  what ? 
  the eu going after tax evasion makes you favor them less ? 
  absolutely , the eu has no right dictating to countires what tax laws they put in practise . 
  that is crossing over into a full on political union , if the eu wants that they should ask european citizens in referendums whether they want to be in that union or not . 
   may hehe, 
   i 'm sure big players know more than we do about what uk is planning no they do n't . 
  the government clearly does n't even know their own position yet . 
  yep , even since i posted that comment new information has come out stating the british service sector has grown quicker than expected since the vote . 
  has it ? 
  most british economic indicators thus far have been quite good whereas eurozone ones have n't . 
   why did france declare war when they were not willing to fight anyway ? 
  the french are n't particularly skilled at the art of warfare , that 's why, 
  how is ww2 taught in italy out of interest ? 
   the concept of a unified europe the concept of a unified europe has suffered multiple massive blows due to the incompetance of eu leadership . 
   no shit ? 
  disunion is worse than union ? 
  who would have thought ... clearly not this sub . 
  after the vote happened most federalists seemed to beleive brexit would weaken the uk but strengthen the rest of europe . 
   no one is completely independent a country can at least have a sovereign parliament if they are independent from the eu, 
  i 'm entitled but i would never get one as the uk is the best country in the world , ireland 's good , but not the best . 
  you may as well be pissing in the wind waiting for that, 
  you got evidence to back up all of your claims ? 
  or is this just anti-uk speculation ? 
  yeah , i ca n't grasp why southern europe is a cesspit of mediocrity considering how great it used to be . 
  ancient greeks , roman empire , renaissance etc. 
  even in the european dark ages regions of italy were by far the most wealthy and dynamic on the continent . 
  interesting point but i would still imagine the average avid reader has a higher iq than the average avid tv watcher . 
  yes , especially considering the recent positive economic figures, 
   incidentally , this shit right here is a direct illustration of the whole `` we need the eu because otherwise european countries individually do n't have the same weight against the usa , china , etc. '', 
  argument . 
  that 's the most french argument i 've ever heard xd, 
  good job merkel , that 's the attitude that pushed the uk out the door, 
  there are women in this sub !, 
  where 's home to you ? 
  i do n't really, 
  why has brexit changed your mind ? 
   in fact everything about austria do n't forget hitler, 
  * says two swedish websites *, 
  lol , somehow i do n't think the uk will listen to sweden, 
  good thing the mighty brits never fell, 
   the entire point of human rights is that they 're universal and apply to all humans that 's not really feasible when there is a large wealth disparity between countries though . 
  a rich country like the uk can offer better human rights than poor countries . 
  which it would n't as it would hurt the eu economy, 
   the majority voted for nigel farage i think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of uk politics, 
  the middle classes prefer immigration from europe . 
  the working classes dislike immigration regardles of where it 's from . 
  oil price is seemingly never permanent though . 
  i would n't be suprised if it hits $ 100 a barrel again . 
  germany will be the biggest eu loser if britain does n't get a beneficial trade deal . 
  inheritence tax should be abolished for everything under 5 million, 
  ww2 did it for my family 's wealth , we used to have our own ship and everything, 
  you 're talking nonsense, 
  because it 's newly received information ? 
  lots of grads live there and commute into london, 
  nope , it 's this sub, 
  the way this sub bangs on about london you get the impression 90 % of the city is the impoverished underclass serving the banking elite . 
  this could n't be further from the truth . 
   they are more likely to be in sports no one else really cares about the salt is real xd get your medals how you can old boy . 
   i do n't know why the british always think that there is a rivalry between us oh cmon man . 
  i like france and french culture ( i 'm currently learning your language ) but there is a definately a rivalry between the uk and france . 
  it stretches back to the medieval ages , for large parts of history war was a permanent fixture between us . 
  we 're very similar in population size and wealth as well . 
  both of us are former imperial powers with a very impressive history . 
  the countries are very comparable , this breeds rivalry . 
   the average right-winger has a very limited grasp of geography i would say the average right winger is more intelligent than the average lefty, 
  as always , 
  when will ireland bite the bullet and re-join the uk ? 
  as a brit i had n't even noticed germany did well this olympics as well . 
   not that british rule was all sun-shine and roses . 
  could n't have been that bad , there 's pro-uk independence movements there, 
  futility + a burnt down whitehouse, 
  yeah man , the amount of swimming medals on offer is shocking . 
  * the lengths the eu goes to convince europe it is not a basket case, 
  nope , no one should feel guilty . 
  i think that notion is retarded . 
   i would be very hesitant to use the word colonisation for hungary well i just did , 
  vehicle range and refuelling time, 
   hydrogen is pain to store . 
  it needs to be compressed , a hydrogen car does not need to store much hydrogen on board to create power . 
  the vehicle stores it to go through a fuel cell which mixes the hydrogen with atmospheric oxygen which in turn generates electrical current and powers the car . 
  it 's much more efficient to have a vehicle that creates energy on board rather than loading up a battery to store it all . 
  that 's not how gases work, 
  [ have a read ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary ), 
  lol i find it amusing this has 5 thumbs up but is actually false . 
  the ev pr campaigns have clearly worked a bit too well . 
   they have no legacy of colonisation hungary does, 
  i work at an energy consultancy , i was bound to win ,
