   you do not get to decide on international competitions . 
  i could care less if brits want to have a uk team or separate teams . 
  why should the rest of us agree to it ? 
  well we can and we do . 
  it does n't matter what you agree to , we do it anyway xd, 
   i dread the fact that in the next two years every piece of news like this one will be on a clear path to hot on r/europe yeah , and every good piece of british economic news is downvoted to oblivion as must people on this sub never see it . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the finance industry if you think jobs getting shifted about is some new , scary thing . 
   even if brexit reduced exports to the u.k. by 50 % it would n't even scratch the eus economy . 
   what do you have against the eu ? 
  nothing , provided it does n't include my country . 
   sure it was decided long time ago that people in britain should use coal to warm up theyre houses but is not like you are still doing it anymore  but you seem to be mising the point . 
  jut because * you * want this situation to change does n't mean people here do . 
  people are content for the sporting situation to continue like it is as it 's been that way for so long and it does n't hurt anyone . 
  some sports we play individually , and others we play as one . 
  i mean , england vs scotland is the oldest football derby in the world . 
  the fixture was first played in 1872 . 
  sporting rivalries have built up over that time and people do n't want to change it . 
   and many of those xenophobes are from uk . 
  and most from the rest of europe, 
   wahts that ? 
  no that is silly you can not do that you say ? 
  why can you ? 
  uhm cuz were british ... fair . 
  see me edit on previous comment , not entirely unique to britain . 
   no , but eventually they will be the same . 
  keep telling yourself that chuck xd, 
   they dont have history ? 
  they do , but every country 's history is unique . 
  when i said history i was referring to british history , not german . 
   regions inhabited by the same nation . 
  scots , welsh and irish are own nations . 
  not the same thing . 
  if they are not why are they all having football teams , rugby teams etc ? 
    the rugby tourney is called the 6 nations right ? 
  and they have scotland , wales and no clue if norther irish in it but definately ireland . 
  wheres the united sovereign british team then if brits are a nation ? 
  yes , the uk is confusing and unique . 
  it 's effectively a country of countries . 
  northern ireland plays with the rest of ireland in rugby . 
  the united british team in rugby takes the form of the british & irish lions , again confusing as ireland is not even part of the uk . 
  * edit * this in sports is n't entirely unique to britain though , as an example the west indies is a multi-national cricket team . 
   yeah i think people would hate you from such ridiculous statements already . 
  true though, 
   it sometimes sounds like people here feel like they 've lost a kidney when the uk left or something . 
  as a brit it 's really bizarre to see as the eu * never * carried that much emotion for us , it was always just economics . 
  it 's kind of funny to see how much the federalists valued the uk in the union , despite talking shit about it 24/7, 
   otherwise , no . 
  and nobody wants to hurt the uk . 
  plenty do on this sub , the xenophobia is palpable, 
   why not have a national team called uk in sports then ? 
  because history, 
   so why would the scotts , the welsh and the northern irish accept to be ruled by a parliament they did not vote for ? 
  you can literally ask the same about any region in any country whenever it votes for a different government than the one it has . 
  europe is not the eu, 
   what does it mean to you ` being reasonable ' ? 
  giving the uk everything it wants ? 
  then we 'll probably have to disappoint you . 
  reaching some sort of trade agreement ? 
  then i believe that 's possible , but obviously both sides will have to make concessions . 
  yes i agree , reaching a trade deal with concession on both sides . 
  i see this as the likely outcome , although i have heard argument put forward from the eu side suggesting it should block the uk out in order to make an example of them . 
   uk has the power to inflict economic stagnation upon the eu , and not just the eu on the uk . 
  cutting off trade ties with the uk ( the eu 's largest export market once we leave ) would absolutely cause economic stagnation in a eurozone which simply * ca n't * go through more economic woes . 
  not to mention the number of eu citizens who would die in future terrorist attacks if the uk decides not to allow the eu to use british intel . 
  she 's the safest pair of hands at this turbulent time imo . 
  jesus christ , this is what the anti-uk hysteria on this sub is producing ? 
  crackpot theories that run in the face of economic reality . 
   going to a greek beach , for some nude sunbathing , with my eastern european girlfriend , in my german car . 
  remain should have campaigned on this, 
   europeans fund interpol and uk will lose access to it do you literally just say stuff you have absolutely zero knowledge on ? 
   tusk has specifically ruled-out trading military cooperation for economic cooperation jesus , i guess tusk is willing to see more eu citizens die in terrorist attacks then . 
  i did n't think he had it in him . 
   may is going all in on security , that is interesting . 
  yep , wise negotiating move . 
  highlight our strength in that area . 
  make it clear what the eu stands to lose if negotiations go south . 
   hopefully it wo n't come to this . 
  it would only come to that if the uk thinks the eu is trying to punish the uk ( an argument i 've seen consistently put forward on this sub and in the media ) . 
  if the eu is reasonable , then they will have access to british security services . 
   i see that may might try to use the uk 's security engagement in europe as a bargaining chip yes she definatly will . 
  it 's one of the uk 's strength . 
  if the eu wants to pursue economically assured stagnation , they wo n't have access to british security services . 
  the ball is in the eu 's court ... 
  british isles looking like a pretty good place to be, 
  jesus , if this does n't confirm the eu will pursue mutually assured economic stagnation i do n't know what will . 
  * downvotes for truth , stay classy r/europe *, 
  so you do n't think there is a desire , to say , ease up the flow of skilled migrant between the countries , or pursue less regulated trade relationships ? 
   i just do n't think its possible for the commonwealth to actually do anything substantial unless we start helping the africans out in a more direct way than we currently do . 
  why ? 
   precisely why they should n't be devolved ...   devolution of a smaller neighbor is the effective equivalent of imperial pedophilia ... 
  they can talk and object all they want ... but they still get fucked . 
    what other country has this set of arrangements with devolved powers ? 
    did you really understand nothing from the circumstances that lead to the existence of the republic of ireland your opinion on whether they should be devolved ** does not matter ** . 
  the scottish want to be apart of the uk ( despite what this sub will have you belive ) . 
  they 've been apart of the uk for 300 years . 
  it would be the equivalent of '' * imperial pedophilia * '' if scotland was held against their will ( like catalonia in spain , or hong kong in china ) , but they 're not . 
  they had a vote 3 year ago on this issue , and they 're likely to have another one in a few more years . 
  ireland and scotland 's time in the uk is not equivalent . 
  if you think they are you really should read up on this topic ( assuming you 're interested ) . 
  scotland chose to join a union of countries in britain , ireland was conquered by a foreign power and treated like dirt .
