  so you 're comment makes absolutely zero sense . 
  wow , look exactly like the white cliffs of dover in the uk with an english fort on top !, 
  looks a bit like the uk !, 
  look like england !, 
  well then , offer the region a referendum and settle the issue once and for all ... 
  god , this is so sad . 
  reminds of of all those scottish nationalists screaming for a second referendum lol . 
  you just know whatever they do , no matter how many online signatures it gets , it just wo n't change anything . 
  yeah , somehow everything always works out terribly for the eu and very well for britain xd they must all be absolutely fuming ( probably why you see so much uk hate on this sub ), 
   may is caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  canceling the visit could jeopardize relations , as trump takes those types of actions very personally . 
  not really . 
  all the people complaining about it already dislike may anyway . 
  it will blow over in a few weeks . 
   if the only thing we did was what `` the public '' wanted we 'd all still be living in mud huts in africa . 
  yeah that 's just completley wrong, 
   if we 're moving towards a federation - why not ? 
  you 're not, 
  there 's castle everywhere !, 
   well maybe you should give up on gibraltar , malvinas and gtfo of the union without any negotiation because you voted for it and have your monarchy dismantled so you can have a republic and vote different parties because bipartidism sucks and ... . 
  if that 's what the public wanted then that would happen . 
  if there were calls for independence in the falklands and gibralter then the uk would offer them a vote , just like it did for scotland . 
  i mean , are you honestly suggesting a region who 's majority want to leave spain should be forced to stay due to an outdated constitution ? 
   you made your choice , i wish independent england the best and i wish you guys would move on . 
  the fact that you chose to leave , however , does n't mean it is a trend in all of europe . 
  keep an eye on the upcoming european elections chuck  brexit and italy are just the start . 
  sad to see really , the eu was a fantastic idea but it 's been overtaken by power hungry bureaucrats and it seem to be unreformable . 
  fantastic part of the uk !, 
  bet the water 's cold !, 
  the point of the question is to highlight how absurd that viewpoint is . 
  all signs point to the exact opposite happening , yet you claim you * believe * federalism will happen . 
  i do n't think you honestly believe it , i think you 're just stating what you want to happen on a very out of touch pro-eu forum on the internet . 
  * anonymous left-wing european politician virtue signals *, 
  yeah , mental logic !, 
  spain should really give them one vote , and whatever way it goes listen to the result and move on . 
  it 's the only fair thing to do . 
   come back in 4 years , and you could possibly make an assessment as to where it is a failure or not , but it 's far too soon right now . 
  4 years really is n't enough . 
  it will take time for britain to settle into it 's new role as an independent country . 
  we wo n't really get a good idea if brexit was a good idea or not until 20/25 years have past . 
   the solution is more integration , even to those problem caused by excessive integration public opinion turning against intergration ? 
  * more intergration * i mean , it 's the rationale of a mad man, 
   i do believe that , one day , federalism will happen . 
  is this based on reality or is it more just what you want to happen ? 
  verhofstadt seems incredibly out of touch with how regular europeans feel about the eu, 
  he said it was payback for the russian hooligans attacking innocent english football fans at the euros, 
  looks like england !, 
  the russian bear is growling !, 
  yes !, 
  the uk wants to work with everyone including our european allies . 
  we are open for business !, 
  british military intelligence !, 
  thi is good !, 
  paris is a great city but it 's become so irrelevant as of late , they need the jobs more than london does . 
   we dont give a fuck . 
  i even dont want a single us soldier in germany . 
  have fun being incorporated into russia , 
   pretty interesting how schizophrenic european attitudes can be towards the us . 
  not need for consistency when the goal is to bash the us from any angle . 
  ca n't give the us credit for anything , always have to blame the us for any failures in the relationship agreed , the europeans act the exact way towards the british too . 
  the eu is desperately needy as they know they 're geo-politically weak and their union is dying . 
  fantastic pragmatic leadership from may !, 
  let 's keep doing deal , britain is open for business !, 
  very good , possibly the best, 
  fantastic news for anglo-turkish relations, 
  well then , you need to get out of your echo chamber !, 
   ireland 's got nothing . 
  they included the best part of ireland !, 
   so far the eu has sealed 86 free trade agreements , more than any other country or bloc in the world . 
  stats ? 
  what about the uk signing fta with those countries ? 
  ha , love trump !, 
  he will be an excellant president for anglo-american relations !, 
  and he dislikes the eu as well , 
  yeah , and i very much hope it 's the opinion of the french people !, 
   for most of them the uk has always been the cancer of the eu . 
  yes , the cancer they were all begging to keep ... 
  pretty much !, 
  times change . 
  empires come and go . 
  countries adapt . 
  to think of britain now compared to 500 years ago , we 're in an incredibly strong position, 
  looks like england !, 
  yeah , reeks of insecurity !, 
  lol at all the salty fedralist in this thread , they 're jealous the world is moving on from the eu and the uk and us are continueing their close relationship like they always have done . 
  hilarious , we no longer wish to be ruled via brussels so we 're a u.s vassal state , the argument from the continent are looking increasingly desperate, 
   guessing because we speak english ( elsewhere they would probably have to learn a third language ) . 
  and we 've got a strong economy , very high wages , very good career opportunities , a strong culture that 's exported globally etc. 
  all of that on top of being english speaking makes us the land of gold and honey to migrants . 
  the eu, 
  hopefully he does n't drop out and become the president , by far the best candidate, 
  yeah , the government is not privatising the nhs , sorry to burst your anti-tory left wing bubble, 
   this time you are not . 
  a crumbling stagnant eu says otherwise, 
  you disrespect britain , you will pay the price . 
  the uk always get one up on the rest of europe , 
  right , so you think the tories intend to slowly privatise bits of it with no one noticing ? 
  if this is their intention why have they not started in the vast number of years they 've been in power ? 
  eu really should have given britain an opt out on freedom of movement considering how popular the uk was as a destination and how very few brits ever wanted to live elsewhere in europe . 
  if not an opt out then at least at emergency brake or a temporary opt out .
