  laws like that made people vote leave, 
  `` horror cuisine '' i 've been to austria and yours is hardly better xd, 
  * eu and other european organizations would be the means to ensure that europe will remain competitive in the 21 . 
  * but so far the track record of the eu points to the opposite . 
  i thought world power refers to any country that has the ability to exert its will anywhere in the world . 
  two world wars more like, 
  yeah , tbh there is still a possibility but it is unlikely . 
  considering how disunited the eu is on many fronts , considering many europeans are not happy with the way the eu is run and considering it is a declining power in all those statistics compared to other parts of the world . 
  it has the potential to be a future superpower , but all things considered it is looking less likely by the year . 
  * and possibly china and the eu to come * china yes . 
  with the uk gone i just ca n't see the eu ever reaching super power status . 
  oh yeah , i 'm not denying that . 
  but to imply it is not a world/great power now is incorrect . 
  [ academia considers these countries as the great powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_power#/media/file:great_powers.svg ), 
  you 're incredibly far off the mark, 
  exceptional at surrendering xd, 
  * britain , on paper at least , could have been a world power at the end of the second world war * britain is a world power now according to all academia, 
  * he seems like the sane one now * well , he always was a very moderate conservative . 
  closer to blair than thatcher . 
  yeah , i have warmed to the americans even more since brexit . 
  they have certainly showed themselves to be a true and valuable ally . 
  the europeans on the other hand ... * except germany , by and large they 've responded with class *, 
  because they 're angry we 're leaving their european friendship group . 
  they 're bitter we 've never liked them as much as they like us xd * sorry butthurt eurotards , you know it is true *, 
  the uk generally is n't worried about ttip . 
  some live in the past yes , mainly right wing intellectuals . 
  but the sweeping majority do n't . 
  the reason brexit actually got a majority was because of immigration . 
  irish are considered anglos are n't they ? 
  i do n't know , they may all disgaree with his politics , but he seems like a funny guy, 
  it 's the rebellious anglo genes, 
  blame ireland, 
  would never work . 
  a union with uk , australia , new zealand and canada is more feasible . 
  it 's probably just remain voters angry their country voted to leave so they wa n't to get their own back on the leave voters by leaving the uk . 
  it will all settle down in a few months . 
  * very unlikely to become independent anytime soon * very unlikely to become independent . 
  * if we are soft with the uk , other parties all over europe could use the uk as an example of a successful exit * if countries can be much more succesful outside of the eu , they should n't be forced to remain a member, 
  let the unraveling of the eu begin , 
  no they did n't . 
  the german empire was driven by racial ideology . 
  the british empire was driven by a desire to trade and make money . 
  agreed , in the uk the empire is never even thought about , schooling completly ignores it . 
  it 's as if it never happened . 
  yet whenever i come onto this sub i constantly see mainland europeans bringing up the british empire in every thread . 
  it seems they are the ones who are struggling to move on , not us . 
  * for the uk however , if we count the eu , will now be the 7th * if you count the eu as one then the uk would be 5th . 
  * the uk ( without scotland or even with ) will struggle to remain in the top ten powers * yeah ok , you 're really pulling stuff out of the hat now . 
  very large economy , huge export market for the eus largest and most powerful country ( which is also the country that calls all the shots ) . 
  also considering how intertwined the uk and the eu markets are already , any effort by the eu to drive a hard bargin for the uk to punish them for leaving will ultimately hurt the eu as well . 
  it 's simply not in anyones interest for the uk to get a bad deal , which puts the uk in a strong negotiating position . 
  5th largest economy in the world ? 
  massive export market for the largest and most powerful country in the eu ? 
  *commondreams.org *, 
  you mean the snp will attempt to declare independence for scotland , then scotland will continue being part of the uk as they do n't have the legal power to do so . 
  the uk has got a pretty strong negotiating position in all honesty . 
  i hope you know the independent pushes a strong left agenda . 
  read it if you want entertainment and/or you want your views to be confirmed by other like minded individuals . 
  but stay well away if you want neutral informed news . 
  it means he sleeps around . 
  no , it is very obvious to anyone whon follows politics boris was done over by gove . 
  without gove 's support johnson had no chance of gaining enough support from other tory politicians to make it to the top two candidates to be out to the party membership . 
  no , gove made it so johnson had no chance of getting enough support from other conservative politicians in order to make the top two candidates to be put to the party membership . 
  johnson would love a chance to make history by becoming pm , no matter how tricky that might be . 
  yep , the political left hate the uk and generally have no knowledge of history . 
  with countries like mexico they will be the exact same . 
  out of 200 odd countries britain has one of the largest economies , those deals will be very good for the uk by and large . 
  damn , we have an impressive history . 
  yes . 
  gove is very well connected within the conservative party , johnson has always been widly popular with the public but lacking in internal conservative support . 
  to become the conservative leader other conservative members of parliament must elect you , then the two leadership candidates with the most votes from the mps get put to the general party membership , where the party members decide who becomes leader . 
  johnson knew without gove 's support he had no chance of getting into the top 2 to be put to the party membership . 
  why do you seem to think the opinion of one random politician is some sort of trump card in this ? 
  the opinion of an individual does not matter in this case , it is the opinion of the majority that matters . 
  it 's not a case of needing . 
  the people of britain decided they dont want to be apart of the eu political project . 
  the writing had been on the wall for years . 
  trade deal will be established , the markets will recover and pretty soon everything will go back to normal . 
  the only difference being the uk will have no involvement on internal eu matters . 
  the eu has never been able to impose austerity measures on the uk , poorer eu nations like greece were generally on the receiving end of that . 
  * they just showed how racist and ignorant they are * for not wanting to be part of your political union ? 
  this is payback for all of europe falling to the nazis xd, 
  the us objective was to push the british out of n.america . 
  the british ended up chasing you across the border , ransacking new york and burning down your white house . 
  this article is so typical of the guardin it borders on satire . 
  software engneering . 
  some companies ( predominatly in finance ) are moving some jobs abroad , but the companies are n't leaving the uk . 
  delusional about what ? 
  yep . 
  if you notice , all articles about the uk that reach the front page are always incredibly negative , expecially so after brexit . 
  the federalists in this sub ca n't accept the eu may well be dying in front of their eyes . 
  yeah , very true . 
  unfortunatly this sub does not welcome a difference of opinion . 
  if you say anythign anti-eu you get downvoted to oblivion . 
  i work in tech in london and 95 % of the staff are british, 
  i think that was to be expected though . 
  it is only right a pro-brexit conservative begins the negotiations . 
  no , i voted and campaigned for remain . 
  yes , but he will still be pm , which is his ultimate goal . 
  * he 'll have one term but not more * i do n't see how becoming prime minister for one term means his career is destroyed .
