yea , that 's actually a pretty good example of chinas push for more influence on the world stage . 
  i guess that 's fair , but i still think that the old system of a nation state is out-dated . 
  unification is the way to go , not even more separatism . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm just bitter since our education system is out-dated and pretty ineffective . 
  ** imho ** china will outpace us and form the world just like the usa did the last 100 years . 
  and looking at chinas current behaviour . . 
  i 'm inclined to say that china will force the world to follow their lead . 
  the eu has the potential to be a world power , which is what we need to be to hold on to our ideals . 
  why are there so many anti-europe people ?!, 
  am i the only one that sees the eu as our only hope to stay relevant in the chinese century ? 
  who is the best at memorizing stuff you 'll never need in real life . 
  germany is the only thing that saved this shitty continent and keeps saving it from a true disaster . 
  you guys are just mortally offended that the broken germany of the past now rules your asses . 
  seriously , you want a fucking war in europe ? 
  you must be out of your mind . 
  it 's a good thing that we are in control and not you warmongering folks . 
  keep hoping for war , if worst comes to worst , the north will get sacked anyways by the bear . 
  edit : by the way , a war is the only thing that would actually save russia . 
  it 's the only thing that would stimulate their economy . . bigtime . 
  and if the shit comes down hard for them , what do you think will they do with their wmds ? 
  wow you must be fucking retarded . 
  the `` smart way '' is trough diplomacy you unbelievable moron . 
  i know that the north is scared of russia . 
  but your cynical stance makes me laugh at your mentality . 
  oh yeah , and if it makes you feel any better , whats really smart is letting russia conquer those second world countries until it 's collapses ( again ) . 
  but no , let 's start a war because sweden is scared . 
  yeah sure , and not the other way around . 
  care to share your source ? 
  careful with that edge . 
  i think not bombing our civilisation back to the stone age is a pretty good step in that direction . 
  until then , we should wait until the oligarchs feel the sanctions . 
  money trumps pride nowadays . 
  good . 
  europe has had more than enough of war . 
  we will do it the smart way . 
  that was an insightful article . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i really do n't think that 's a fair comparison . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  this gamble will cost russia way too much in the long run . 
  some people here implied that the military behind him is actually pulling the strings , which is the only thing that would explain this insanity . 
  they do n't give a crap about long term consequences . 
  all in all it always comes back to pettiness and greed for more . 
  if humanity at large did n't learned it 's lesson after two world wars , then we probably never will . 
  and of course you are right . 
  given the right circumstances it could bloom , but i do n't see that happen with the russian bear looming over them . 
  one would think that experiencing the hope and joy of the people in east germany after the fall would change your perspective for the better . 
  guess at some point ones view of the world ca n't change anymore . 
  i guess i was a bit naive , and hoped that russia learned it 's lesson from history . 
  sadly you 're making perfect sense . 
  i see . 
  first of thanks for the clarification . 
  what i get from that is that democracy always has to come from within , not that it 's a perfect system by any means . 
  i have to admit that i 'm a bit scared for europe and it 's peace , and uncomfortable that we have to yield some of our principles to uphold stability . 
  sounds reasonable until they start a war over this , which might be the original precedent for other nations with wmd to annex what they want . 
  nope , that 's all . 
  thanks . 
  i really do n't get his obsession with the ukraine . 
  what does he think it will do for russia ? 
  is russia so desperate for a buffer state or are they scared of the european union and it 's implications ? 
  exactly . 
  i honestly can not imagine what the israeli government expected . 
  * let 's go for a step by step genocide , but we hide in in so much semantics that no one knows what 's true anymore . 
  anti-semitism ? 
  really ? 
  every sane human sees without a doubt that israel is the terrorist organization here . 
  edit : [ more downvotes please you disgusting fucks . 
  welcome , brave soul . 
  you apparently have just left bizarro world . 
  like many before me already said , i think we should just stick with european union . . 
  i mean , why not ? 
  never touch a running system . 
  whatever the general opinion here is , i think it 's not only a great idea but this actually has to happen if we want to stand a chance in this century . 
  otherwise countries like china or india will stomp us economically . 
  but please a different name haha, 
  oh i forgot how prejudiced the english speaking hemisphere is in this matter . 
  everything has to be in the extremes . 
  i 'm a religious person with fickle psyche or i 'm a 16year old , fedora-wearing atheist . 
  that 's a great basis for discussion . 
  i 'm agnostic and concede that maybe something greater exist , but saying that creationism is n't bullshit is like saying that the theory of evolution is n't real because some links are unknown . 
  i do n't see any reason to be sensible , because that 's the very reason something like political correctness could bloom . 
  please keep your emotional state out of discussions . 
  i 'm getting sick that this body of thought takes hold in europe . 
  but atleast we can agree that the human mind is indeed complex , so much so that people have to invent the craziest theories to protect their beliefs . 
  atleast we can agree on southern germany . . even we hate them . 
  well now i 'm kinda perplexed . 
  i always thought the brits were too cynical to believe in a god . 
  it 's sad that the brits are regressing again . 
  and it 's common sense because every sane human would agree that creationism is bullshit . 
  yay for common sense . . 
  so modern anarchists care about political correctness ? 
  okay . . 
  traditional values like hating people that are different , and oppressing the weak . 
  that article is total bullshit . 
  i 'm german and everyone i know is fucking angry because of russia 's invasion . 
  i even wish that our government would do more than using rhetoric . 
  maybe they should ask more people than 60 year old ddr-lovers . 
  how very brave you are , being against the eu and all . 
  ama please .
