love/hate . 
  its a crime drama based in dublin . 
  it 's pretty much the only good show to ever come out of ireland . 
  i guess phil hogan did n't get his headshot in before the deadline . 
  flights direct from ireland to iceland are coming next year so i cant wait to check out reykjavik . 
  it 's more that the uk government did n't want to be a part of schengen , ireland is n't a part of it because if we are and the uk are not , then we would be required to have checkpoints at the border . 
  we are of course not willing to do this . 
  does it make a difference ? 
  i hung a picture and then hanged a man . 
  latvia and estonia have lots and lithuania has very few . 
  any reason ? 
  also i would have expected the uk to have a way higher number than ireland . 
  irish is the first language of ireland . 
  hence eire is on the money . 
  who is the genius who decided light grey and white go well together . 
  maybe we could stick in some bright yellow to spruce it up as well . 
  ireland . 
  only call us eire if you 're ag caint as gaielige . 
  looks pretty good . 
  i 'll give it a go so long as it 's subtitled . 
  yea , there is way more tech jobs than we can fill , people come from all over . 
  you should have no problem getting a job with a cs degree . 
  european history is really poorly taught in irish schools . 
  suck it other countries . 
  we still love you poland . 
  it seems like most of the poles stuck around , there just hav n't been many more new arrivals . 
  love you guys !, 
  i 'm hearing great things about low low prices in crimea . 
  the celtic phoenix baby !, 
  i have no idea what that is . 
  however ` woohoo !!!!!, 
  perfidious albion shall never again lay claim to irish soil !, 
  did n't you guys just get rid of all of your tanks ? 
  the ireland - poland love affair continues . 
  seriously though you guys and gals are awesome . 
  i like the ` european federation ' as a name . 
  is this a standing force of 10,000 or a force that will form up when needed ? 
  the two sweetest words in the english language : de fault , de fault , de fault . 
  a central army means the eu will need the power of direct taxation . 
  there is no other way to do it . 
  they can just peg a scottish pound ( punt ? ), 
  to sterling . 
  that what ireland did for a very long time . 
  if irish people felt in any way threatened we would be banging on natos door immediately . 
  neutrality is policy , nothing more . 
  globalresearch.ca is not a reputable or reliable news source [ link ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/globalresearch.ca ), 
  dammit germany , not everything is about currywurst . 
  i missed the ` native ' in there . 
  we really do hate him though . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_cromwell ), 
  we have gone from 0 incidents to 2 overnight . 
  if this exponential rate continues all of europe may be under quarantine by next week !, 
  the law has the option of a custodial sentence . 
  it would be very unusual for such a sentence to be imposed in a case like this . 
  it 's not america with mandatory minimum sentences . 
  no ireland ? 
  not going to happen , and the us is our single biggest trade partner taking 23 % of our exports where the uk takes 16 % . 
  also we will continue to be able to trade with the uk if they leave the eu . 
  it 's highly unlikely that they would even consider leaving the eea which switzerland and norway are also a part of . 
  there is nothing oddly precise about a german , my fine fellow . 
  i like it . 
  it 's very bold , europe needs bold . 
  damn spain , you are looking good . 
  we 'll be rich forever this time , right ? 
  i 'm going to get a massive loan and buy a boat . 
  if you live in dublin , you can definitely get by without a car . 
  in the rest of ireland a car is a necessity . 
  are they tax deductible though ? 
  hook up a tow cable , we want to come too . 
  park us next to new zealand . 
  apologies , i was sure i had seen it written with 2 n 's before . 
  are citizens of the isle of man able to travel freely in europe and vice-versa ? 
  ireland agrees . 
  the idf says it 's ok . isreal says its ok . 
  they say this by doing it again and again and again . 
  israel is not being bullied , she is the bully . 
  killing 1500 civilians and then saying it 's ok because we did n't target them deliberately is not acceptable . 
  i do n't know why you ca n't see that . 
  ireland has half the population of israel so the ` one of most tiniest country in the world ' argument does n't hold much sway . 
  the fact that there are lots of shitty people and places in the world is n't licence for israel to do as she pleases . 
  israel is considered for the most part to be a modern western nation please try to act like it . 
  i dream of the day we 're out from under the thumb of the oil producing countries . 
  spain we 're looking in your direction . 
  what if there are 2 shitloads of people who want to get the bus ? 
  do half of them have to wait for the next one or is it ok to sit beside each other then ? 
  i do n't know if a 3in1 really highlights the best of irish cuisine mate . 
  although i ca n't blame you for craving one 10 hours ago . 
  russia exercises its veto . 
  where is iceland in their accession process ? 
  that will never get built while the americans are taking care of everything pretty much for free . 
  remind us why they 're there exactly . 
  ireland has always been all volunteer . 
  i do n't really see the point in conscription these days . 
  armies are no where near as large as they used to be . 
  by the time a conscript has learned enough to be useful their term of service has ended . 
  belgiums colonial history is not exactly steeped in valour either . 
  the past is the past . 
  learn it , remember it , but do n't try to live it . 
  [ crossbones ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2400631/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_2 ) imdb incorrectly has him down as only being in one episode . 
  he is in fact a lead character .
