  so were 130 people in paris in november . 
  dublin is by a wide margin ireland most expensive city . 
  living cost are far lower even a 45 minute journey from the city centre . 
  i doubt this is true in london . 
  direct foreign investment has been hugely beneficial to ireland . 
  some people just like to whinge about everything and anything that they can . 
  we can sell you as much butter as you need . 
  is the cost of living in london the same as in ireland ? 
  i say yes . 
  lions for all . 
  why is the spanish population so concentrated compared to other european countries ? 
  not tourism , we certainly do n't want to make investments that might increase numbers from the richest country in the world . 
  that 's how not why . 
  why is because ` they 're only irish ' . 
  online airsoft stuff probably . 
  or they just got some black clothes and sew ` garda ' on the back . 
  i very much doubt its a genuine eru uniform . 
  also the eru isnt the only armed response unit . 
  the [ regional support units ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/garda_regional_support_unit ) are also armed . 
  who would you prefer ? 
  they 've been doing it for a while . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.englishwineproducers.co.uk/ ), 
  there are about 6,500 people on jobbridge schemes out of a workforce of 2.2 million . 
  this ruling will probably also scupper plans the irish government have for minimum alcohol pricing . 
  [ so you 're telling me there 's a chance . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmrrny0pxfm ), 
  ireland only has about 50,000 muslims . 
  many of those are transient . 
  students etc. . . 
  or else we will be forced to ask politely again . 
  how else do you keep the 24 hour news cycle going ? 
  it 's unfortunate that reality caught up with these girls . 
  most of us get a pass on the stupid decisions we make when we 're young . 
  javelins are expensive . 
  old tows that would otherwise be destroyed when they 're past their shelf life do n't cost much at all . 
  yay !, 
  we 're not completely fucked anymore . 
  for now anyway . 
  que ? 
  that is actually quite common . 
  files are prepared by the dpp ( public prosecutor ) and then suspects are rearrested . 
  two eastern europeans are in custody regarding this murder . 
  gender imbalance among younger people in rural areas is a social issue everywhere . 
  young women are more likely to go to university and permanently migrate to urban areas . 
  customs fees are the hidden killer . 
  i only watched the first 30 seconds but the title is very misleading . 
  these guys want 300,000 signatures to force a referendum on the association treaty of ukraine with the eu . 
  it has nothing to do with expansion or membership . 
  its actually 7.9 % as of september . 
  is no problem . 
  in glorious russia no one gets sick . 
  thats the foch . 
  cdg was n't built in 1992 . 
  that looks like it took some effort . 
  well done . 
  i do n't understand the attitude towards polish people in the uk . 
  ireland has many polish people living here . 
  they 're great , we do n't have any problems with them . 
  it 's more of an issue for people who in border areas . 
  you 'll address me by my proper title , ya little bollocks . 
  the beatings shall continue until morale improves . 
  central banks will usually have a fund available to buy up said cash in order to control a fall in value . 
  selling a large amount of a currency can cause the value of that currency to drop . 
  rip french soldiers . 
  good article . 
  thanks . 
  50 's are the most used denomination throughout the eurozone . 
  the second one links to a few farms . 
  there 's pretty good info on both links regarding permaculture in ireland . 
  it already exists . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.permaculture.ie/ ) [ another link ] ( http://www.hannahmole.com/links.html ), 
  is there a full breakdown of the nationalities of the 1,500 anywhere ? 
  in 1966 who could have imagined what the world would look like today ? 
  no one has a clue . 
  anyone who says otherwise is in denial . 
  ireland could really use a southern colony . 
  just saying . 
  yes it will . 
  we 're not leaving the eu . 
  no way . 
  we 're also not going to back down on controlling our own tax rates . 
  we are in an economic and political ( kind of ) union together , but we are also economic competitors . 
  yea , that attitude has been working out well for unions lately . 
  all i know is that my gut says maybe . 
  thanks for the little civics lesson there . 
  ireland would not . 
  to try an exclude another european nation from the eu because we might have to compete with them goes against the principles of the eu itself . 
  we are consistently the most pro european people in the eu . 
  your argument is nonsense . 
  then whats the point of leaving at all ? 
  we would do nothing of the sort . 
  being downgraded has less to do with availability and more to do with the interest you have to pay on the borrowing . 
  thanks, 
  would you post the text for us please . 
  holy shit . 
  was there really a maoist party ? 
  thanks for contributing . 
  a police officer and his wife murdered at home by an islamist . 
  the ` suspect ' has apparently being killed by french police . 
  someone would have to be pretty careless to think that .
