  sweden is obliged to join , but there is no given time frame if i understand correctly . 
  can we hand border control to orban ? 
  yea , i hope he did n't give her a lecture on grammar . 
  glock is austrian . 
  and irelands ... we would really like some gold too guys . 
  is the series any good ? 
  where can i watch it ? 
  how dare those little shits drown in our ocean of bullshit . 
  does that figure include the aircraft ? 
  the chinese , a great bunch of lads . 
  lc irish is a requirement for most public service jobs . 
  exceptions are made for non irish people i think though . 
  damn it man , you cant just price someone out of a bet like that . 
  supermax in the irish sense mean very high external security , not brutal internal conditions . 
  the prison itself is run by the prison service but the prison perimeter is manned by armed defense forces personnel 24/7 . 
  honestly i think europe would be better off with germany taking a more leading role . 
  $ 3 for a beer . 
  you poor unfortunate souls ... : /, 
  sounds good to me . 
  can you elaborate please . 
  heretic !, 
  part of co. . kerry in ireland is apparently one of the best places in the world for stargazing ( where there is no cloud cover . 
  that 's one pack a week per person on average . 
  if 1 in 7 people smoke then that 's one pack per smoker per day . 
  not that absurd . 
  irelands smoking rate has dropped significantly over the last decade . 
  from 29 % in 2004 to 22 % last year . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/life-and-style/the-health-effects-smoking-rate-falls-from-29-to-22-in-10-years-1.1733892 ), 
  snatch then . 
  lock stock is great as well . 
  ken , i grew up in dublin . 
  i love dublin . 
  if i grew up on a farm , and was retarded , bruges might impress me but i did n't , so it does n't . 
  they 're going to call it the satan particle , are n't they . 
  what is this ` too hot ' you speak of ? 
  yes . 
  they will still be legal tender in the entire eurozone . 
  they just wont be issuing any more of them . 
  cool . 
  how many launches will 900 satellites take ? 
  also what sort of internet speeds will be available and is 2 way communication possible ? 
  more than likely . 
  we tend to go along to get along . 
  i do n't think most of our european friends use ` stone ' as an system of measurement . 
  if they want their lives to improve they can start by allowing their children to attend the schools that the rest of us provide for them . 
  they want to save the world , but all they do is smoke weed and smell bad . 
  [ flegs !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8jqkxrloqq ), 
  preclearance is awesome . 
  you guys will love it . 
  all men must die . 
  come to ireland . 
  we love banks . 
  actually ... maybe not . 
  do they have oil ? 
  the falklands have oil . 
  the a400m is a new design , built by airbus military for several european countries . 
  shots fired . 
  i 'm going to buy 5 houses !, 
  and a boat !, 
  ummmmm , no . 
  how did the rest of us do ? 
  assholes . 
  a night or two in a czech prison might teach them some manners . 
  that band is fantastic . 
  now go tell ivan :p, 
  metal . 
  anytime i 've had to deal with the psni i 've found them to be very polite and professional . 
  that 's probably a thing too . 
  yea , they fit the parliament perfectly . 
  to be fair the british government has apologised for the famine . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/blair-issues-apology-for-irish-potato-famine-1253790.html ), 
  it worked 200 years ago . 
  it can work today . 
  you assume correctly . 
  ` resist the move . 
  comrade , we will provide all the peace keepers ! ', 
  only greece can protect us from the greeks . 
  fartrim , cum , slutsend , bastardstown , dicksboro , and my personal favourite ... muff . 
  turkey has a very long way to go before they are ready to join the eu . 
  thanks . 
  pardon my ignorance of the german legal system , but why does merkel have a say in whether a legal case can be brought . 
  in my country ( ireland ) politicians have no input on which cases are brought forward for prosecution . 
  for a politician to even comment on an on going prosecution is heavily frowned upon . 
  more than washington or madison ? 
  i would watch a tv series about him . 
  is no invasion . 
  am tourist . 
  guns for protection . 
  the podcast is great . 
  i really have trouble with the inflection she puts at the end of every sentence though . 
  i should n't move to oz . 
  western armies generally do n't equip illiterate peasants with old soviet equipment . 
  the russian revolution began and ended in 1917 . 
  the loan came later . 
  part of the russian crown jewels were given to us as collateral on that loan . 
  we gave them back in the ' 50 's but they never paid us back . 
  that 's quite the epitaph . 
  ` statistically , i 'm ok . ', 
  34 people in belgium were probably more worried about being knocked down than being killed by a ` teroorist ' as well .
