  this would happen : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8nhbgfklhzq, 
  it 's quite descriptive , like other differences between american and british english . 
  like sidewalk and horseback riding . 
  apparently people kept walking on the street , because it was paved . 
  they we 're instructed to walk on the side . 
  as was riding horse , people kept dying because they did n't know they had to sit on the back of the horse . 
  hence horseback driving . 
  should be handegg instead of football though . . 
  it 's not technology taking over , it 's us putting a lot of time in stuff . 
  currently a lot of this stuff uses technology , but we 're not spending the time because it is technology . 
  it might be because we 're ` addicted ' to tiny bits if information which acknowledges . 
  ( checking for mail , being upvoted and such ) . 
  i do think we have to be really aware that technology is a tool and not a means in itself . 
  technology , or automation has a lot to do with efficiency but this not the only measure of ` quality ' especially if it comes to ( human ) life . 
  for example , we do over-consume but with more efficient production methods and less food-waste we could be ok . we also could sterilization people involuntary or choose to not cure malaria or zika . 
  i should have , especially because we 're working in utrecht . . 
  in the netherlands too , but could have to pay a negative sum , 
  i had a colleague once , also from catalonia . 
  we had a good relationship so one time i reset his password ( he had forgotten it several times already ) to vivaelrey1337, 
  guessing you did understand the radio you 're listening to , do you understand belorussian because it 's close to polish ? 
  or close to you regional dialect ? 
  or did you learn belorussian due to your proximity to belarus ? 
  yes , abundantly so . 
  i 've been playing ingress for two years , but suddenly there were all these kids hanging around portals . 
  so the conclusion should be apparently and obviously that being born , or living in a region does n't automatically mean that you would share some kind of values . 
  i meant to say ` if the language i speak with my brothers in law counts as our slang ' , the your is about ` me ' talking to ` my ' brothers in law . 
  not you talking with your non-existing brothers in law . 
  * plays english-is-not-my-native-language-card, 
  yes , slang is influenced by sranan , arabic , papiamento . 
  but this depends on the region or city where it spoken . 
  i would guess rotterdam slang is more influenced by sranan and papiamento but utrecht slang might be more influenced by arabic/berber . 
  slang is however used in ( rap/hiphop/dunnodontcare ) music so there tends to be a slanga franca , so to speak . 
  slang also influenced the common dutch language , but it sometimes takes a while . 
  i 'm not someone who would speak slang , but i would you doekoe and pattas , but my parents wo n't . 
  my parents would however use quite a lot of words oringating from bargoens , amsterdam slang influenced by jiddish . 
  they do n't even live close to amsterdam ( osnabruck germany is closer ) . 
  my family in law is of indo origin but living in the zealand-area , so they sometimes use a bit of malay . 
  i 'm originally from the eastern part of the netherlands , so my dutch is influenced by low-saxon . 
  which sometimes causes some confusing . 
  someone from zeeland could say ` laat maar doen ' which sound to me like ` doe maar ' ( let do it ) but means ` leave it be ' . 
  how does tschusch sound ? 
  i ca n't figure it out , it sounds like tsch\u00fcss in my head ? 
  well , if the language you speak with your brothers in law counts . 
  they use suka blyat and kurwa quite often . . 
  but they play way to much counterstrike, 
  and me, 
  only if spain becomes protestant !, 
  on the europcar.com website you can filter for transmission types . 
  maybe interrail is the dutch roadtrip alternative ? 
  no , do n't think so . 
  we would laugh because it 's a really stupid thing to say . 
  but was it the american budweiser or the czech ? 
  does n't that depend a bit on what and how they 're drinking ? 
  idk if my kids ( do n't have kids yet ) would drink beer or wine when they 're 16 . 
  binge drinking , drinking in groups , drinking games or drinking spirits is something different . 
  i think i 've the same view about weed , but weed stinks up de place like crazy . 
  really dislike the smell , to a lesser degree this goes for cigarettes and cigars as well . 
  depends on who is home from work earlier and has the energy . 
  so we tend to alternate . 
  since my wife is pregnant i would say we go for the easier options , a little bit more take away ( maybe once in two weeks ) or cook something easy . 
  we currently have a dutch grown , ( organic ) vegetable subscription so i have to check what we 're going to eat . 
  i also need to chop most veggies so it sometimes takes some time . 
  for europeans : this is how big montana is . 
  http://thetruesize.com/#?borders=1~!mtq0mdkwmda.mtmzmtg3mtq*mja2mjc1mtc ( mtcyodk4nze ~ ! us-mt * oda5ndu5mw.mje2njm2otk ) mw for american : this is how small luxembourg is . 
  i do n't think so , if the reputation of muslims is ruined , it 's because of terrorism not because of the refugee crisis . 
  just after 9/11 the syriac church in my hometown of rijssen was vandalized . 
  they spray-painted ` afghan ' and ` bin laden ' on the church . 
  the name of the church was written in arabic script , but has been changed to the latin script . 
  apparently people do n't know that mosks do n't have crosses on their roofs . 
  reputation is lost due to the lack of knowledge , 
  nope . 
  i 've restricted myself . 
  i 'm allowed to leave europe when i 've visited all countries in europe . 
  i 'm only allowed to go to a country if visited a neighboring country . 
  flying trough airspace does n't count , stopping on a train station does n't count as visiting  http://m.maploco.com/visited-europe/mine.php?euro=at-be-bg-ch-cz-de-dk-fr-gb-hr-hu-it-li-lu-nl-ro-rs-si-va, 
  it 's hard \u00e1nd sour !, 
  memmen in dutch, 
  palm sunday is also called palmpasen . 
  good friday is called goede vrijdag , i think you accidentally skipped it , 
  it 's not hard when you 're used to it . 
  in dutch we 've je/jij ( du ) and u ( sie ) . 
  it sometimes changes sentences a little bit , i think this way more difficult in german . 
  i know it 's `` du hast mich gefragt '' but i think it 's `` sie haben mich gefragt '' , but i 've had german lessons for three years . 
  we have a more egalitarian society , so the difference between u and jij are n't causing huge issues . 
  like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt4dfa4foey, 
  i 'm a dutch hophead i wore a n\u00e5rke brewery to an ingress anomaly . 
  a swedish guy thought i was swedish as well . 
  he told me something about the shirt being funny the way they wrote is . 
  apparently the brewery is from a region with an accent , could you tell me more about it ? 
  this is nice to do , but it is actually quite difficult . 
  i have to say , i 've been to romania , croatia , serbia and bulgaria . 
  i 've had a greek-dutch colleague and a few years back an other colleague worked closely with some russians , so that 's my current palette . 
  the talk show is like russian with a german accent ? 
  the epic is ` generic slavic language ' the rap . . its about the police , i ca n't stop thinking about 5 ` nizza folk is uhm ... musically almost ` turkish ' ( i 've noticed that with azis , bulgarian something :| :| ) language is gsl again . 
  the romantic song . 
  i would n't have guessed it was slavic ? 
  it 's like gutteral-r-italosomething-with-zsje-sounds, 
  you could take a train to moscow , then to vladivostok and fly from there . 
  would take 14 days i guess, 
  those are very different languages !,
