  why do care if westerners call it terrorism ? 
  it 's unnecessary violence from groups against groups . 
  the pkk is on the european list of terrorist organizations . 
  i think that if there are sympathies , it 's not with the pkk but with kurdish independence . 
  when i was younger ( like 12-20 ) i read a lot about the farc , sendoro luminoso , pkk , eta , plo and raf/brigate rosse most of them are left-wing/communist groups wanting independence . 
  they all had something romantic about them , but there was so much violence . 
  who are ` them ' ? 
  kurds or the pkk ? 
  although i 'm a christian , but mary gave birth when she was around 13-15 year . 
  which would be considered ( at least ) quite young to be a mom . 
  religion : depends , the netherlands is historically christian , the part ` above the great rivers ' is protestant , the part below is catholic . 
  i 'm born and raised above the rivers and grew up in a orthodox calvinist/reformed church . 
  however , i see the netherlands as a secular country , so although i 'm still a christian i do n't consider it a ` traditional choice ' . 
  food : not really , do love me some * bakleverworst * and * stamppot boerenkool * and such but tend to eat more ` generic european/western ' . 
  and as there is a bit of an ` dutch east-indies ' influence in my wife 's family ... 
  fashion : the last person i knew with traditional clothing was my great aunt . 
  which looked like [ this ! ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bc/1a/5a/bc1a5a5a0e8508b046a32e8a728501e2.jpg ) . 
  i work in it , i wear sneakers , a shirt and jeans . 
  gestures : i nod for yes ? 
  point at my head with my indexfinger to point out ` your crazy ' . 
  sweat - and or yoga-pants . 
  as in ... if you cross the road without a ` designated crossing ' you 'll be fined ? 
  i do n't believe that 's the case ? 
  the leftover concrete is well suited for artificial reefs . 
  for example mussels , oysters and rays seem to like them . 
  afaik the concrete is n't the same stuff shell currently faces dismantling brent delta . 
  but even environmentalist groups are n't sure what is safe to leave and what is n't . 
  and if you 're vehicle is registered to the emergency services , it flattens ? 
  but maybe the ambulance has to drive a lot less because of less accidents due to speeding in urban zones ? 
  in the church i grew up in women had to cover their head . 
  the church i 'm currently attending is less strict when it comes to this . 
  still about 30 % covering their heads . 
  in the province frysl\u00e2n ( friesland in dutch ) they have bilingual sings . 
  frisian first , dutch second like this : http://www.noordoostfriesland.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/eernewoude_-_kombord.jpg, 
  we do have two ( or three ) police forces . 
  the regional police ( regiokorps ) , which is ` the police ' you 'll see most often . 
  like on streets , when you got robbed , or when you had to much to drink . 
  beside that we have the korps landelijke politiediensten ( national police services agency ) this agency for example does security for the king and government ( like the secret service ? 
  ) , human trafficking , drug trafficking ( like the dea ? ), 
  terrorism and such . 
  we also have the koninklijke marechaussee ( s royal military constabulary ) , the military policy and like the gendarmie . 
  it looks like ` gore slet ' in dutch ... which um means ... filthy bitch, 
  ftfy, 
  so the conclusion has to be that division and coorporation are n't synonymous nor mutually exclusive . 
  for some reason a whole lot of countries , with cultural differences and languages are cooperating better than three countries on the north american continent . 
  gambia , but for that exact same reason i was thinking about the au . 
  we do however have student corporations for students at universities and high schools . 
  there are study based corporations ( like interactief in enschede ) , secular corporations ( like veritas or het corps ) and religious corporations like csfr or navigators . 
  i think it depends , about ten years back it would have been . 
  but just a baseball cap is n't touristy , combined with an slr and an slightly oversized t-shirt it might , 
  ok , but still , 
  is n't the bishop of urgell one of the heads the andorran state ? 
  i think that 's actually a good example of where church and state are n't separated . 
  to separated ideology or religion is something different . 
  that 's the shortest verse of the bible . 
  john 11:35  and a christian hardcore punk band, 
  according to the bible , jonah cried and prayed in whales, 
  for me cool is n't something i associate with nationally . 
  there is a lot of cool stuff , like uhm blockchain technology and uhm zfs . 
  but this might be something different . 
  if it would be about people , i would by almost synonymous with laid-back , chill and easy-going . 
  which i do n't automatically associate with americans . 
  but with newe zealanders or people from spain ? 
  it might depend on what kind of meeting it is , if it is a meeting with e.g. 
  a sales representative or an account manager . . 
  there would be a humongous amount of noise/small talk/socially required formalities . 
  that 's why i do n't like these meetings  i know ` building a relation ' with a supporting company is important , but i would do it by doing good work . . 
  when it comes to meetings with my team or departments , i tend to have short meetings where decisions needs to be made between a , b or c. i really dislike meetings with a plethora of options , opinions or with a specific subject . 
  we can chat , brainstorm and such with a beer after . 
  this sometimes causes me to react ` cranky ' to colleagues who obviously ` want ' something , but take about five detours before asking me where the actually came for . 
  typically , i 'm working on some project or issue , someone comes by and ` disturbs my mental process ' to start asking me about ` my weekend ' and ` how 's your wife doing ' . 
  well ... still pregnant , my weekend was busy . 
  come on , i 've got shit to do , yes ? 
  you want a server ? 
  no problem , do you have specs ? 
  no , why did you ask me then . 
  * sighs, 
  compared to what ? 
  the dutch ? 
  that 's funny , a colleague of mine has a conservative protestant friend in his role-playing group . 
  if they play one specific game , where they play ancient gods this person does n't play . 
  * quite conservative protestant myself , i would n't have issues with that . 
  focus is more on the excessive talking while watching a game . 
  but yes , also about my beliefs . 
  i do n't actually care if someone wants to talk about my , or their beliefs/ideology/vision even if do n't share his beliefs , ideology or vision . 
  it would annoy me like crazy if would be watching a game with you , and keep bugging me about this . 
  filibuster, 
  apartheid ... 
  no , but hopefully the new government contains groenlinks ( green party ) and/or d66 ( lib . 
  dem ) or christenunie ( they 're ethically conservative , but environmentally equal to groenlinks ) . 
  i feel we , and the whole world are lacking the sense of urgency . 
  we know this since at least the 80 's , we did n't do that much . 
  we have to reduce like maniacs to keep global warming increase under 1.5 celcius . 
  i work in it at an environmental ngo , but i do n't actually see how the f * ck we 're going to do it . 
  not on the governmental level , but the sense of urgency or political will is n't there . 
  liberals keep saying that ` this has to be fixed by corporations ' but they are hesitant to enforce strict laws , because of ` free market bla bla ' . 
  the other side is that they push it onto consumers ` consumers should consume less meat ' for example , but they do n't want to tax meat because they do n't want to choose for people . . 3 . 
  i 'm very pissed about it , especially wen you do n't have the means to do something about it and apparently corporations do n't give that much about it as it is all about making the most money in the least amount of time , no matter resources , spilling , impact , poverty or all of the above . 
  working at an environmental ngo , pushing for stewardship/green churches in my church , less plastic , less waste , renewable energy ( atm no budget for solar , but there are 100 % green energy companies ) , recycling , local food , less meat , more organic food ( is n't holy either ) organic cotton , hemp clothing . 
  okay , i 'll settle for footegg,
