  this is something like saying moldovan and romanian or croatian and serbian sound a like . . 
  no , because it 's geographically not in europe , culturally it 's closer than kazakhstan or probably turkey . 
  also , they have capital punishment ( in certain circumstances ) , it is a secular state but judaism is privileged . 
  i do n't exactly know if it really differs from secular countries with state-churches . 
  besides that . . kosovo exists , transdnestria exists , ngorno-karabach , abchazia exists . 
  a constitution is beautiful but backed by a strong ally ... things tend to change . 
  if russia would back frysl\u00e2n in it 's war for independence . . would we want to keep it no matter wat ? 
  or of cura\u00e7ao would be annexed by venezuela or something . . we all know you should n't run a red light . . but still, 
  * cries in spanish *, 
  but i think the dutch might even watch more cs : go championships than previous mentioned acronyms . 
  i feel like this should have happened a few years back , but it did n't . 
  i do n't think more violence is the best way to go , but especially usage of these kind weapons should not just be frowned upon but also acted upon . 
  there is no law without enforcement . 
  i do n't now the details , but i feel like destroying the base where the attack was initiated maybe destroyed evidence ? 
  was that the wisest target or thing to do ? 
  a lot of western people might think something along the lines of ` that 'll teach him ' . 
  eisenbahnkreuzunghinundhergleitergedenknistag made-up compound word for ` memorial day for pointsmen/switchmen ' , 
  but the dutch already have liberation day on the 5th of may . . ok , once in five years it 's an official holiday but still . . 
  spain , french coast , italy and sometimes greece . 
  that 's it ? 
  i do n't think so ? 
  we do n't speak no latin in church !, 
  that 's the papal tongue, 
  i 'm dutch . 
  i think it would be more like argentina and chile . 
  not that i know that much about them , but they have the same language , like riding horses and eating meat . 
  we consider them ` latin america ' . 
  i know russian and polish are different languages , but we do n't run into each other that often . 
  i know polish is traditionally catholic , russian is n't . 
  but , for example when it comes to cuisine it would be hard for me to really now differences . 
  both have awesome dry-cured sausages , love pickles , onions and v/wodka . 
  for a ` western-european ' like me , it 's a combination of geographical distance and a lack of deep insight in the cultural differences . 
  eastern or western european does n't mean that much , i do n't feel ' a western european ' . 
  he is ze man !, 
  nah , mary was n't forced to have sex with members of the congregation , 
  it 's has an other rhythm than danish . 
  danish is trickster-german . 
  when in the train , i hear something talk german , and think ' i wonder how much i could understand them ' . 
  try to listen , it 's german right ? 
  hmm maybe english ? 
  no , hmm ah it 's the danes again . 
  swedish is more like . . danish on an old tape recorder . 
  skipping , fast forward and rewind . 
  in my hometown there was quite a large syriac orthodox community . 
  in the region twente there are quite some . 
  there 's even a syriac monastery in glanenbrug . 
  beside that , the eritrean orthodox church as had some media attention , because some girls got pregnant under , uhm , curious circumstances . 
  where are you from in germany ? 
  im our region we call ` sint maarten ' ( dutch ) sunte martn , 
  well there are n't that many non-latin alphabets only languages used in europe ? 
  bulgaria , macedonia , ukraine , serbia ( ? ), 
  and russia use cyrillic . 
  greek uses the greek alphabet . 
  do we count countries on the caucasus ? 
  but culturally we might be more english or even german-like . . but those are more hierarchical, 
  they want the gulden back , they want foreigners out and they wo n't change zwarte piet . 
  i think it 's illegal , exact maybe if you would work for a organization with a specific cause . 
  like saying you dislike the israeli state and work for a zionist organization ,, 
  no because the question is where the language is based on , not which dialect differs the least . 
  it 's like children , they might look the same , does n't mean they 're based on each other . 
  well ... 
  i do n't think it 's much of city when it comes to the netherlands ( haarlem nor antwerpen ) but regions . 
  algemeen `` beschaafd '' nederlands ( common `` civilized '' dutch ) is somewhere between the low-franconian dialects of brabant and holland , but it also has some influences from the low-saxon regions . 
  between 1200 and 1500 there was a language called ` diets ' , also know as middle dutch , this was an low franconian language . 
  the reformation came along but there was n't a proper translation in dutch ( quite hard , there was n't a single language , just a continuum between low-franconian ( dutch ) and low-saxon ( kinda like german ) . 
  so they created the statenvertaling ( state translation ) which was quite an influence of the development of the dutch language . 
  that might have been the case , but i think that was the case the last 700 years or so . 
  orthodoxy and catholicism did have their influences in both east and west . 
  the north-west is currently mostly secular/protestant and i think catholicism  protestantism  secularism  individualism  ` capitalism ' or the major difference in a whole spectrum . 
  currently dutch culture seems to be quite far away from turkish culture . 
  both geographic , diplomatic as cultural . 
  i just googled volkstuin in dutch , according to wikipedia it 's either an allotment or a community garden . 
  they might be community gardens ? 
  i try to use as much expressions , proverbs and such in my daily language use as it keeps them alive . 
  which sometimes means i need to explain myself . 
  these are some i 've recently heard or used . 
  `` zo dikke as doezend man '' ( low-saxon : `` very drunk '' , literally : `` as drunk as a thousand man '' ) `` mooi dikke en nit bang '' ( low-saxon ; `` inebriated and not afraid '' ) `` voor de kat z 'n violen '' ( dutch ; `` doing something for nothing ( as in meaningless '' ; `` literally : ( doing it ) for the cats violin '' `` ijs en weder dienende '' `` if the weather is fine '' , literally '' ( if ) ice and weather are favourable '', 
  i was thinking . . hmm what 's the name for ` novalja beach ' . . , 
  i went to germany with my brothers in law , we did n't like the pilsners but we bought a few crates of dunkel weizen . . pricing was quite nice , i still travel with a friend of mine to trinkgut in emmerich ( 45 minute drive ) . 
  eastern europe is something else , went by train to hungary/romania/serbia / bulgaria . . 
  in bulgaria they had those 1.5 litre pet-bottles of beer for about one euro ? 
  for a 33cl glass of beer in the netherlands , on the neude square in utrecht , where i lived , i would have payed $ 3,75 . . had a lot of shumensko and zagorka . 
  i think that the european property laws are also a bit different . 
  afaik the few meters of soil i own ( nah . . the bank owns it ) are mine , but it does n't mean i can do anything i want with it . 
  so if there would be a gold deposit , i might not mine it , or consider it my property . 
  there are also restrictions on pumping groundwater and such . 
  and i 'm sure i 'm not allowed to disable a drone , just because it 's above my property/in my airspace . 
  your government should 've invested more in ` long term ' maintenance approach instead of fixing minor issues . 
  what i 've read about it is belgium ( or brussels , walloon and flanders ) have invested more in cycle-paths and intersections , but not in highways which the dutch visit often  in the period between 2010 and 2013 belgium invested the least in infrastructure of europe . 
  the judiciary based on legislature ? 
  i was thinking about something like this . 
  i would like to see if europe could emulate something like this . 
  but it could mean more power for corporations , ( even ) less privacy and no net-neutrality . 
  europe of course is n't one nation , so maybe we should focus our tech-efforts on decentralized solutions ? 
  like decentralized clouds , smart grids , energy distribution . . 
  in the village i live there are quite some intersections where the bicycle and pedestrian crossing have traffic lights . 
  most of them would turn green at the same time as the traffic light turn green for cars turning right . 
  for me ( cyclist ) green is ` go ' i do n't like to triple-check if the car speeding up is going to notice me . 
  so if they would implement ` turning right on red ' i 'm okay with is , as long as they do n't put the bicyclists lights on green in the same period . 
  even if nasa builds rockets , most of the time they 'll use russian made engines ( rd-180 ) .
