  the battle of the bulge ( wwii ) and the battles of somme ( yes , france ) , verdun , passchendaele and ypres are some huge battles in a tiny neutral country . 
  blue wheelie for paper . 
  brown wheelie for vegetables/fruit/garden waste orange wheelie for plastic , tins , juice cartons grey , general waste . 
  for glass , bottles and batteries i need to cycle to a central point . 
  i 'll start ( vermi ) composting asap, 
  everyday , just living in small city in the middle of the netherlands . 
  yes there is , or there is for me . 
  in the states people would travel two or three hours for a concert . 
  i 'm skipping a concert if i need to travel more than an hour and a half . 
  by car and or train , the netherlands is two-and-a-half-hourish from west to east , and four hours form south to north . 
  it 's semantics , but it does n't legalize growth , it just regulates it . 
  the production is still ` illegal ' but you wo n't get fined/jailed for growing under specific circumstances . 
  this way the whole chain is regulated , growth , retail and consumption . 
  and forget their ` own ' language , culture and traditions ? 
  or add them and use them as well ? 
  i 'm from a tiny country , but even our culture , language and traditions are n't the same in all the parts of the country . 
  we 've frisians , who speak frisian . . 
  in the germany bordering provinces we have low-saxon dialects , which are more related to dialects in germany as there are in our own country . 
  in the southern parts they 're historically catholic , in the northern part they are protestant . 
  but most of us understand each other when we speak dutch , 
  i do n't actually know that much about ` the issue ' but i 've always found it interesting . 
  i actually do n't really get the whole issue . 
  why are there croats living in the serbian republic , which is part of bosnia herzegovina ? 
  why are there serbian living in kososo , why are there bosnians living in croatia . . and more ... why the hell is it an issue ? 
  it might be , because i do n't really connect ethnicity , nationality , religion and language that much ? 
  i 'm ethnically dutch , my nationality is dutch , i 'm a protestant , i speak dutch ( ok , and low-saxon ) . . 
  i really do n't get it , could you explain this ? 
  if you 'll go far west enough ... you 'll end up near the jewish autonomous oblast . . 
  vhere is the money leebouwskie, 
  i just wrote in an other post , i 've done 7 days travel in 3 weeks . 
  went from utrecht ( near amsterdam ) to berlin  budapest  bucharest  sofia  belgrade  vienna  utrecht . 
  you could try berlin  prague  budapest ( catch sziget )  bucharest  sofia  novi sad ( catch exit festival )  slovenia  vienna ( or skip that one )  paris and fly back ? 
  i 've done two interrail trips about 5 and 7 years back , and used http://www.treinreiswinkel.nl . 
  the first trip was : utrecht  berlin  budapest  bucharest  sofia  belgrade  vienna  utrecht . 
  the second one was utrecht  prague  budapest  trieste  florence  interlaken  utrecht . 
  i really liked sofia , we planned to stay there for two days , but stayed for five days . 
  we stayed in the art hostel , i do n't know if its still there . 
  cheep beer , nice people , beautiful churches . . and i felt quite far away from home . . due to the cyrillic script . 
  i would love to make an trip in the berlijn  wroclaw/warsaw/krakau /  bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest  brest  minsk ` region ' . 
  i think daily , in our area are two or three asylum-seeker-reception-centers ( i do n't know what they are called ) and there are quite a lot somali and eritrean people . 
  in our region there are n't that many dutch people of surinamese or caribbean descent . 
  when i still lived in the twente region of the netherlands , we used to have a boake . 
  a huge eastern bonfire . 
  it 's not restricted to this area , but i live currently in the centre of county , and afaik it 's not common here . 
  it 's means that i did n't read my own reaction . 
  should be ethically not ethnically . 
  illegal , but tolerated for personal use ( 5 grams of weed ) cultivation for personal use is not persecuted ( maximum 5 plants ) . 
  most of the time it 's no problem , most of the time there are bulkbeds available . 
  this might be purely anecdotal , so maybe someone with some knowledge of dutch history could help me out . 
  a few years ago i was on a festival in deventer , where this story was told . 
  hopefully i remember it correctly . 
  currently the netherlands has a standard language called ` modern dutch ' , but around 1600 this was n't really the case . 
  we spoke a few diffent dialects belonging to three separate language groups . 
  frisian , low franconian and low saxon . 
  these dialects and their regional languages still exist , but we all can speak ` modern dutch ' . 
  one of the major influences was the creation of the dutch statenvertaling translation of the bible , into dutch . 
  but dutch actually did n't exist . 
  so the ` created ' modern dutch from the holland en brabant dialects . 
  deventer was quite an influential city in the netherlands , in the low saxon speaking part of the country . 
  this was also an calvinist city , for some reason i do n't remember prince maurice of orange decided to have the synod in dordtrecht ( low franconian , between brabant and holland ) instead of in deventer . 
  our language might have sounded quite a bit different if the statenvertaling was more influenced by low saxon , instead of low franconian . 
  i was born in the city of rijssen , the netherlands which was first mentioned 829 years ago . 
  i currently live in a village found as peat colony in the 16th century . 
  so it 's like calling a guy a d * ck ? 
  ` bevindelijk-gereformeerden ' in the netherlands , they are a calvinist/reformed presbyterian christians ` minority ' related to puritanism and pietism . 
  they 're both economically and ethnically conservative . 
  mostly found in the biblebelt . 
  they have 3 seats in parliament ( sgp ), 
  i ca n't find the appropriate term or wikipedia-page . 
  but you 're almost following the route of the ` burgundy highway ' . 
  i actually do n't know the precise term but back in the days the netherlands was part of habsburg spain and trying to secede . 
  spain however had some issues to reach the netherlands over seas . 
  i thought because they where at war with the uk and france . 
  so they had the ` burgundy highway ' from genua , via burgundy , lorraine , alsace to luxemburg and the netherlands . 
  it is n't called the ` burgundy highway ' , but i ca n't find the correct name . 
  i found it when researching our citytrip to brughes , which tied with history of the house of burgundy . 
  short : amsterdam might be a bit overrated ( or . . 
  i 'm dutch , do n't get it ) . 
  cologne is quite nice , cochem is beautiful , but you could also visit trier . 
  i do n't know that much about france ( only been to paris , calais and dunqerque ) but zurich , grindelwald and lauterbrunnen are awesome . 
  i would visit brughes , but is really touristy . 
  if you 're into ( protestant ) christian history , you could go to echternach ( luxemburg , near cochem ) st. willibrord is buried there . 
  you could also visit worms and heidelberg . 
  worms is ` know ' for declaring the teaching of luther ` wrong ' and heidelberg for the ` heidelberg confession ' . 
  if you 're into beer and christianity . . visit a trappist brewery on your way from france to the netherlands . 
  yeah , but to what extend ? 
  i do identity as ` tukker ' , i 'm not living in twente anymore . 
  but if i would have kids , they would n't identify themselves as ` tukker-dutch ' , 
  frisian might be closer related , to some extend , does n't mean it will be easier to learn . 
  frisian is closer related to old english , before it was influenced by norman . 
  but i do n't want to live in other european countries :(, 
  well it actually is n't . 
  holland is just a part of the netherlands . 
  holland comprises of the provinces of north and south holland . 
  but the other 10 provinces are n't holland . 
  it 's like saying england but meaning great brittain . 
  ( which the dutch quite often do . . ), 
  i know , but ryanair does n't do trains nor cars , 
  i guessed so , but he still said it that way  . 
  i know the spanish did n't grind every single building to dust , but the city center of utrecht ( or amsterdam , brughes ) is quite intact , still used as is .
