  the first between ` american-baptist ' the second being the movement . 
  evangelisch in germany is lutheran . 
  evangelisch-reformierte might be considered evangelical , evangelisch-altreformierte might be considered reformed, 
  s funny , i read you 're czech and suddenly remembered reading an article about it . 
  the article is almost 5 years old , i love how memory works . 
  [ how your cat is making you crazy ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/03/how-your-cat-is-making-you-crazy/308873/ ) article about research into this by a czech scientist, 
  i think our sgp might come close . 
  it 's probably one of the reasons we do n't have a government yet . 
  d66 wants to push the voluntarily end of life bill but the christianunion does n't want anything to do with it . 
  so vvd , cda and d66 do n't have a majority vote . 
  well kampen currently is n't anymore , they do n't have a direct connection to sea since we build flevoland and closed the zuiderzee, 
  i 'm not that pro-eu , but just ca n't name a country for no apparent reason to kick out of the union . 
  we need a buffer zone against the ottoman empire , we wo n't let you leave , we 'll sacrifice you , 
  about 20 years ago , we used to take it back with us to the netherlands . 
  now we have it also , multivit or multivitamine, 
  i can keep circling back and keep on going for the sake of the argument . 
  the orginal question was ` do austrians seriously consider themselves not german ? ', 
  in this comment 's thread the focus was that austria has never been part of germany . 
  english terms might be partly be blamed here . 
  not al germanic people are german , dutch is not deutch , and speaking german does n't make you german . 
  but , back to the orginal question . 
  i would say , austria is obviously not germany . 
  austrians are n't germans ( neither are citizen of gstaad ) . 
  the question if austria has ever been part of germany might be a bit harder as it is heavily dependent of your view on the continuity between states . 
  saying the dutch or austrians are germans is anachronistic , but saying the dutch or austrians were n't back in the days . 
  i actually do n't now if the ` dutch ' considered themselves ` dutch/diets ' when we 're part of the hre . 
  identity might have been based more on region than on state . 
  i do n't think so either to be honest . 
  i do n't think we 're particularly good programmers , but i do n't think an emergent ai would evolve from some syntax errors either . 
  i do think that if something like this would start it would be because we start interconnecting a lot of different part together . 
  which is what happens a lot in tech and automation . 
  i do n't think it will be ` before you know it the ai overlord takes over the world ' , but we might automate a lot of stuff away , forgetting/not thinking about all the implication in might have especially if there is n't a ` human controller ' around . 
  it does n't have to be sentient to be fearful . 
  think automated pattern/person recognition and automated , armored drones . 
  you keep mixing up a shared history or shared ancestory with current affairs . 
  you also identify germany with the historic nations , federations or countries . 
  present day germany is ` just ' one of the conclusions of history . 
  ` the netherlands ' was part of the holy roman empire , so was ` germany ' does n't mean the netherlands = germany , or germany = the netherlands . 
   sry i do not speak my ancestors tongue anymore i do n't think it has been , exept if you ancestors where dutch-speaking migrant to berlin ( based on your username )   you 've been a german nation speaking a low-german tongue like all of north germany . 
  i am actually , but that 's because the eastern part of the netherlands speaks a low-saxon dialect . 
  the majority of the dialect ( and even standardized dutch ) is low-franconian based , which is not low-german . 
   and you spitted when the habsburgians gave you as a gift to their spanish family part so actually you are one step further away than austria but still of the same origin and part of our historical familie of nations . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  does n't make austria german , nor the dutch spanish . 
  if history , nations , states , languages and what not would work this way , all germans should be considered nazi 's , as germany was part of the third reich . 
  indonesia should be considered dutch ( do n't know why they so opposed to that idea ? ), 
  and are humans and monkeys the same , as we have a shared ancestory . 
  we might not want to , it still could happen . 
  one day your tesla might wake up and due to some programming glitches an emergent code arises . 
  if it could randomly happen in a biological system , why could n't it in a technological system , 
  that 's a whole other definition of a person . 
  psychopaths are legal persons , as are children . 
  parents are often obliged to teach their children so they are able to become legally responsible for their own actions . 
  to acknowledge an animal is a legal matter , no one is holding you back when you see your dog as a person who empathizes and loves you . 
  if it would become a person , would n't it be slavery ? 
  are the dutch german ? 
  i do n't share my ` deepest ' religious convictions as they are unnecessary to share . 
  but id i 'm asked my opinion about something , it could be partially based on religious convictions . 
  i 'm dutch , reformed , bible belt , born in a very religious village in one of the orthodox reformed denominations . 
  but i 've moved to an other city , changed denominations , still biblebeltish but for me there is quite a difference . 
  in a small village the influence of religion is larger and there is a difference between the political views of ( members ) denominations . 
  this can be seen in the dutch sgp , cu and cda parties . 
  rightleaning , ` left ` leaning and dunno  i 'm only one saying grace in our office restaurant , but i wo n't recite bible-verses in the train , preach on stations of pray out loud in public . 
  i do n't think being religious os considered weird , odd but rather exotic . 
  i t could be that i 'll try to explain my beliefs or convictions , and do n't focus on ` us being right ' . 
  or so i think , but you would see me ranting against capitalism than against sinful homosexuality ( or something ), 
  i think dutch muslims do n't see them self ac christians . 
  having a day of on a day which was considered a christian day does n't say that much about the country being secular . 
  op probably ( for me : obviously ) just means ` countries with a majority of people not having a religion ' . 
  that might be because they 're not responsible , so their parents probably are . 
  i 'm not sure how this works with people who are profoundly disabled . 
  i do n't think it necessary for non-humans to become natural persons . 
  as noted this comes with both rights and obligations . 
  wo should be held accountable if a non-human person commits a crime ? 
  how do you know if a chimp committed manslaughter or murder ? 
  same goes for ai or self-driving cars ? 
  not bad , 
  bouncy ? 
  dunno , probably ... 
  not spirally but maybe [ these ] ( https://www.snoepkeuze.nl/webshop/snoep-online-kopen/schep-snoep/detail/108/heksenhiel-zout-200gram.html ) and we call it salmiakdrop  or many salmiak coins [ like these ] ( http://www.klene.nl/geldlijn/salmiak-riksen ), 
  neverish ? 
  has been down for a few ours for planned maintenance , but otherwise i do n't remember . 
  at work two times in six years , they cut the power-line twice while doing roadwork causing several hours downtime, 
  i 'm 30 , male , married for five years and expecting our first . 
  but technically not a newspaper . 
  but it 's quite difficult to name one newspaper . 
  probably nrc/trouw/volkskrant ? 
  just build al wall from gibraltar to morocco ? 
  well , the few times i 've been in amsterdam and you arrive by train , the smell is quite weedy . 
  but mostly tourist i think . 
  i think ( do n't no about other less strict countries or states ) but it 's allowed to smoke weed where you 're allowed to smoke . 
  so it 's ok to smoke weed on the street , but not in a pub . 
  also weed is publicly available , and for sale , you wo n't get fined . 
  just because it 's legal ( it is n't ) does n't mean everybody does it . 
  europeans expect american to wear guns all the time . 
  where does ` k\u00f6ping ' in city names stand for/come from ? 
  and let them pay for it ? 
  i think it would work like ` ye stereotypical east-european country ' . 
  corrupt and alcoholic . 
  lol / s,
