  i think i 've read somewhere that the us is about to start designing and manufacturing an engine of their own , as it is quite a ` single point of supplychain failure ' when russia decides to stop delivering them or something . 
  i do n't know if the 24/7 thing is especially very american , but shiftworking/wageslaves/mcjobs / temporary/flex jobs is something to like . 
  we should build a society where it 's okay to come in an hour late/take a few hours of and come in to work later . 
  i 've struggled with this , as i work in quite a small team in which everybody has his role and it can be quite annoying if someone is n't there . 
  even for a few hours . 
  but we do n't live to work , we work to live . 
  but those are pretty much only used for pilsner style beers . 
  and i think most of the time the default size is 33cl . 
  if you ` dd order ` een biertje ' you 'll get a vaasje from the default draft . 
  english ales are most of the time by default served as pints , and weizen ( german wei\u00dfbier ) are by default served in 50cl weizenglas . 
  witbier is most of the time served in 25cl glasses . . last but not least , the grolsch beugel ( also know as ` halveliter ' ) does n't contrain half-a-liter , but 0.45 cl . . 
  which drives me nuts , 
  that 's not true , otherwise the church would n't have ` anathema sit ' the living daylight out of luther , and excommunicated him . 
  never , i only use deo volente, 
  i think the magnificat also know ( to protestants ) as mary 's hymn . . 
  but nomad son - sigma draconis is also very nice and catholicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfezrry7ieu, 
  for once , we could try to be ( come ) christians/like christ instead of just proclaiming to be ' a continent with a judeo-christian heritage ' whatever that may mean . 
  do n't know for credit cards as i 'm using debet cards , but i would n't bring that much money . 
  i would just travel there , search for a atm and download some money . 
  most of the time that 's less expensive , but i do n't know the dollar/euro or dollar/forint exchanges rates, 
  i would n't cheer for belgium , germany though ... 
  easy . 
  logic dictates don juan carlos is n't a spaniard . 
  it 's just the way you 've learned it , but you 're just finding excuses for it being more practical . 
  as if you would carry a 1 foot measuring stick in your backpack . 
  besides that , we 're so used to multiply/divide everything by 10 , 100 or 1000 it 's quite easy to relate . 
  driving on the highway there hare hectometer signs , so every 100 meter . 
  a destination is 20 kilometers away , which is 20000 meters . 
  the exit is 600 meters away . 
  when i 'm driving in the uk it 's quite hard for me to estimate the distance , as i do n't instantly know the inch , feet , yard and mile relations instantly . 
  last but not least , i would n't take chances with human anatomy nor memory when it comes to measurements . 
  imperial is just way to esoteric for me, 
  especially since the catholic church does n't profess young-earth creationism . 
  just across the bosnian border in croatia you 'll find plitvice lakes national park . 
  i used to work at rd.nl, 
  in dutch we would also stress the second syllable . 
  it would stretch significantly the closer you get to the german border , 
  what about the gele rijders ? 
  someday would like to travel either from new york to san fransisco , or from san diego to vancouver or do a southern trip ( dunno washington dc to el paso ? ) . 
  or quebec vancouver the distances are mind boggling for me though . . if i would travel from home to moscow , i would be halfway between quebec city and vancouver :| and i live in the netherlands , not in belarus . 
  i think is partly based in history and maybe a bit in what people 's interests are . 
  for once i like history and i like the uk . 
  i 've been there on holidays on several occasions . 
  i had to search for the vojvodina , but i 've actually been there passing trough . 
  did n't know it was an autonomous region . 
  do n't have that much of shared history with that part of europe . 
  i 'm not really used to think in countries versus nations , they 're interchangeable in my mind . 
  i do separate regions , not necessarily nations or countries . 
  i would work with the terms wales and scotland , less with england ( i would use cumbria , northumbria or devon ) . 
  i would go to germany , east-germany ( yup . . do n't even remember the ddr ) and bayern . 
  i would use belgium ( not flanders ) and walloon . 
  when i would go to barcelona , i would use catalonia , in spain . 
  i would use the netherlands , not holland  do n't know why , of what makes me choose between terms . 
  they would be viceroys to the primus inter pares , the pontifex maximus . 
  i 'm working at the it dept of wwf netherlands . 
  so i 'm obviously biased , but to name a few . . rewilding europe , it 's a ngo initiated by wwf and a few other ngo 's . 
  their focus is rewilding europe and europeans ecotourism . 
  ranging from croatia , poland it spain . 
  traveling in europe ? 
  check them out . 
  https://wwwrewildingeurope.com haringvliet.nu ( http://www.haringvliet.nu ) ngo intiated by wwf and a few other organisations . 
  they 're working on the haringvliet area which is currently a freshwater area . 
  this will change in 2018 when the haringvlietdam is opened to enable fishmigration etc. 
  bits of freedom ( https://bof.nl ) dutch equivalent of the eff . 
  a rocha christian/religous conservation organization , especially pushing church for stewardship and sustainability projects with ngo tear ( http://www.groenekerken.nl ), 
  nothing a crowdfunding campaign could n't fix, 
  hutspot with gehaktbal . 
  ( hotchpotch with meatballs ), 
  or from his preferred reseller . 
  i would n't order servers ( or other stuff ) without approval from our tech company . 
  i would them handle it , otherwise it could be a humongous hassle when comes to repairs , warranty , support and guarantees . 
  not working at some point ? 
  no problem , you 'll have warranty . 
  just send it to poland . 
  might be annoying when your freezing to death in grimm an frostbitten denmark . 
  excluding neighboring island , i only can think of suriname , which has been independent since 1975, 
  yup and technically the netherlands does border france . 
  afaik chechnya does n't border poland , only if you count the polish border with kaliningrad which is russian . 
  chechnya might be part of russia , but i would n't count them as a neighboring country . 
  syria is about the same distance from poland . 
  czech republic though ... 
  and still they aired ss-gb , 
  i 'm trying to figure out how i would say ` so do i ' in a dutch sentence using the english words . 
  ` zo doe ik ' might be a correct sentence , but it does n't mean the same thing . 
  if the sentence would be ' i want to eat ' and the reaction would be ` so do i ' we would use ` ik ook ' but that could also be translated as ` me too ' . 
  i struggled with steak , break and peak . 
  i might be reading things into things , but do you mean ` current goverment ' as in ` theresa mays government , opposed to previous governments ' or do you mean every government which is at that moment is the current government ? 
  would make a difference , the first one would make the bbc pro-brexit , the second would mean they tend to stability and not attacking the government on specific issues . 
  the first would be biased , the second just a bit biased . 
  do n't know what you both are saying but i love viikate and p\u00f5hjala \u00d6\u00d6, 
  a ) sources please  b ) what is ` minding ' ? 
  does it mean they decapitate gay exmuslims on first sight ? 
  it 's quite hard for me , dutch person , to pronounce the ash / \u00e6 in english . 
  it 's the difference between man and men . 
  the use of the singular they :| it 's so confusing for me . 
  `` somebody left their umbrella in the office . 
  would they please collect it ? '', 
  still makes it a legitimated question right ? 
  belgiums neutrality was violated in both wwi and wwii . 
  op does n't try to compare the german crimes , just asks a question .
