as the slovenian would leave slovenia , the dutch would just talk dutch . 
  as with the culture , we would bring our dutch culture , 
  like alpha , brand , gulpener , grolsch , hertog jan , 
  well i 'm really fond of your ales , do love pubs especially camra/real ale pubs , fancy a pint of porter , stout , brown ale or bitter . 
  all of which are n't that much available in the netherlands . 
  i do like some lagers , and yes we 're better at lagers . 
  but that 's like comparing champions league with the jupiter league ( or whatever ), 
  if i where british i would be annoyed by the fact that most beer ( ale ) is inferior to belgian/german/dutch beer . 
  and that you guys drink it ` dead ' ( without 2 centimeter foam ) and lukewarm . 
  but i 'm dutch , probably our presumed bluntness ? 
  that 's quite a nice overview  there is so much more besides amsterdam . 
  i do like the way op put it , could we make something like that ? 
  like , if you lake canals , visit utrecht and kampen . 
  if you like pampus , visit valkenberg ( probably incomparable ) . 
  if you like beer and history visit jopen in haarlem or de hemel in nijmegen . 
  i do n't now , but i 've uttered this magic sentences as well but it only works on tourists who ca n't read ` silence ' . 
  most of the time i 've got a reaction like ` yeah , so ? ', 
  or a tiny adjustment of volume . 
  so i do n't bother anymore and skip silence compartments . 
  i 'm from the netherlands , so some dutch redditors already reacted . 
  most of the times i 'm not sitting in the silence compartment . 
  according to the rules you should n't play music so others can hear , but a lot of people have insanely crappy headphones and an insanely crappy taste in music . . there are always some people not whispering ( according to rules afaik ) so it drives me nuts , do i 'll move to the noise compartments so it does n't bother me so much  when my wife travels with me , see wants to sit in the silence compartment but it annoys her as much as me when people ` do n't stick to the rules ' . 
  but she goes talk to them , ask them to be quiet or to put their volume down . 
  most of the time the result is people still talking , still listening their crappy autotuned excuse for dutch hiphop , and you 'll get remarks ` well go sit somewhere else then ' or ` we are living in a free country so stfu i 'll do what i want ' so that might be the dutch . 
  we 'll be extremely annoyed by each other but dare n't say it . 
  yes , i 'm living in veenendaal so there are some grebbelinie bunkers . 
  im 1940 there where some major battles between the dutch and german armies . 
  it 's a metalumlaut . . to make it cool ? 
  must have been thinking about this https://youtu.be/zu4n-gfjqug, 
  well , most stuff in dutch not really my thing ? 
  i dislike levenslied ( dutch schl\u00e4ger ) and despise nederhop ( dutch hiphop ) . 
  so about resistance and bicycles in dutch . 
  https://youtu.be/-idrdwuagwy about bicycles , in low-saxon https://youtu.be/fndf88ulrz8 about motorcycles , in low-saxon https://youtu.be/7y_wuu99e7m about something , in englis https://youtu.be/v4oquf3xumo, 
  i do n't think i 'm that afraid of xenophobia , i 've been to serbia . 
  belarus and russia are on my list , but i 'm a bit skittish about government ? 
  like borders ? 
  corruption and such . 
  because drunk people make stupid votes ? 
  you had to take the ice from the us ? 
  :| your employer really hates you, 
  i know you guys are good at this ( interrailed czech republic , hungary , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  in bulgaria the custom to welcome new guests in the hostel with a shot of diy mastika , it was 7 in the morning ) . 
  but actually when distilling with fruit , due to pectine the chance of methanol is higher than with grains, 
  it was a normal one . 
  80 percent was including methanol , 65 was just ethanol . 
  that why i 've put the ` without clear goal ' in there . 
  it 's a bit hard to make myself clear in english . 
  but for me there is clear difference between destruction of property in hamburg . 
  they destroy privately owned cars , because they 're at the location . 
  if you 're against drilling in the arctic and sabotage a drilling platform so it ca n't drill in the arctic , the ` destruction ' has a clear goal . 
  * but i do n't mean clear , maybe like direct , obvious , that what you sabotage directly impact that what you are protesting against ? 
  just for the sake of the arguments , one could say that the democratic institutions are corrupted by the dominion of religion , the coercion of property and the restraint of government . 
  i do n't know what ideology those people have , but anarchism and such do n't have strongest faith in democracy . 
  to be fair , from the state of the world i do n't think democracy is working great , but i do n't know what else . 
  i do feel like protest and even violence are allowed , but violence in a resistance sense . 
  like , although i would n't do it myself probably , i do n't have a really big problem with sabotaging arctic drilling platforms ( when they 're not drilling in the arctic ) but i do n't see why the destruction of private or public property ( with a clear goal ) has any value . 
  violent antiglobalists are the reason, 
  check the flag of the orkneys and groningen , 
  is pohjalainen related to the estonian brewery pohjala ? 
  i know the prague ska conspiracy  but i think that 's all czech artist i know . 
  do n't forget bakleverworst , 
  i think it depends . 
  indonesians who migrate here are n't that many , but they probably will be muslim . 
  the indo/moluccan culture is different . 
  i do n't think they like being called indonesian , just ` indisch ' . 
  this is political , but most indo/moluccan came here because they were either knil-soldiers , dutch-citizens of mixed heritage or christians . 
  it 's not easy , but i grew up in a church which still uses the statenvertaling bible ( orginally from 1637 ) so i have a bit of a head-start with old-skool dutch . 
  but we used a side by side translation . 
  those gothic letters do n't make it easier , 
  two of the initiators of rewilding europe ( wwf and ark ) are currently involved in [ haringvliet.nu ] ( http://www.haringvliet.nu ) . 
  which is creating nldelta biesbosch-haringvliet . 
  technically , but op did n't specify which non-metric measurements  but you 're right , i only use pints for irish and british ales, 
  i think only inches for monitors and rims , and i fancy a pint , 
  then what ? 
  why should they want or need to be that ? 
  you 're assuming that when someone says you 're european , they 're saying we 're all the same . 
  for someone from for example ` america ' we 're europeans , as we both are europeans . 
  does n't make me german , does n't make you dutch . 
  beside , being dutch does n't make me a pot-smoking , progressive , windmill-owning cyclist , nor does it make you an uptight nazi . 
  most europeans call citizen of the united states of america , americans . 
  the cultural differences between texans and people from vermont are , probably , quite large . 
  hell , mexico and peru are american !, 
  hell , ( in dutch ) we 're calling indians , indo 's , indonesians , indianen ( native americans ) almost the same because we did n't know our way around the globe . 
  in twente ( east-netherlands ) i would use moat en kearl , kammeroad . 
  in dutch they would be maat , kerel en kameraad , but we used it as ` friend ' . 
  ` moat ' is mostly friend , but like ` he is a friend of mine ' . i would us kammeroad to greet a friend . 
  if i would say ` this is a friend ( vriend ) ' they would probably ( jokingly ) say ` are you gay ' . 
  friend is almost reserved for your boyfriend . 
  dutch : vriend ( mostly non friendly , ` wat kijk je vriend ' ) , maat , gast , kerel , ouwe , pik , lul en broer ( but that 's uhm kinda used by street/you/non-western origin ) - ish, 
  dude, 
  the duke of alva , bernhard von galen , margaret of parma, 
  but did you shower with spiritus ? 
  i just figured that out , i was talking about this one it 's called https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/evangelisch-reformierte_kirche_ ( landeskirche ), 
  most of the time calvinist churches are called reformed , but the evanglisch-reformierte kirche can be both evangelical and calvinist . 
  i could be wrong , we went on holiday in sauerland a lot , those churches are evangelical/reformed , 
  there is just a difference in language . 
  evangelical is movement in several different churches . 
  there are evangelical anglicans and baptists . 
  but baptists are n't necessarily evangelical . 
  in the netherlands we have a distinction between evangelisch an evangelicaal .
