  his pronounciation is really good , even the `` ch '' . 
  was n't expecting this . 
  easy answer : just raise customs for said companies in every country which signs this agreement . 
  if volkswagen moves production to china for example and north america and europe raise customs for volkswagen cars , they wont sell anything in those countries anymore . 
  europe and north america combined are still the biggest market ever and this will be the end of whoever tries this . 
  the main problems are the lobbyists though . 
  they will do everything to stop this , espescially in the us . 
  huh , in german it would be like the french guy said it is in french, 
  some shows are not good indeed and should be cancelled . 
  but tatort actually is one of the shows a lot of people watch and sometimes it 's good as well ( i do n't watch it ) . 
  if ard would suddenly stop pushing out tatort every week , some private channel would pick it up immediately and make money of it . 
  yes , of course . 
  private networks can also produce really good stuff , in general , based on german private tv , you usually get crap though . 
  and look at the news in the us . 
  they are utter shit . 
  i 'm really glad we have the tagesschau , which does n't have to care for ratings for example . 
  you could argue , that the budget f\u00fcr ard & zdf is too high . 
  but you ca n't argue the necessity of a channel which does n't have to care for ratings , especially concerning news and documentaries . 
  great in quality and most watched are not the same . 
  crappy stuff gets a lot of viewers all the time , but that does n't mean it 's good . 
  whereas good educational stuff often does n't attract lots of viewers but is still very important . 
  free market does n't mean the best quality wins . 
  it just means a combination of price , marketing , serialized and therefore cheap production and the most nonoffensive stuff wins . 
  i think your solution is a bit too easy . 
  die linke s a left party and die gr\u00fcnen are still more left than center . 
  both partys would have extreme problems with their voter base , if the parties would demand to not let refugees in . 
  that 's also true for the population itself . 
  the strict stance on nationality , refugees and foreigners of the afd is appealing to about 10 percent of the voters . 
  i would guess at least half of the population is in general very concerned with the amount of refugees we take in right now and how that will affect our economy and our way of life . 
  but on the other hand , about half of the population still wants to help refugees and let them in . 
  in my opinion we have a loud minority who drags the center to the right . 
  partys like die linke and the spd should not try to pull the rug out under the afd but actually try to build a counterpoint to them . 
  that would influence public opinion and kinda keep the center in the middle . 
  because the comparison with die republikaner is quite scary . 
  no sane person would have voted for them in the 90ies . 
  they were far too rightwing . 
  and now a party who is exactly like that is considered acceptable by a lot of people . 
  that 's an indicator for a general move to the right . 
  the sad thing is , that the only person who builds a counterpoint to the afd is merkel . 
  and she is in the wrong party for that . 
  she basically faces a revolution from half her party right now . 
  ( i also do n't like her and think her behaviour in the refugee crisis is the first decent thing she did in her whole political career ) . 
  whereas the spd is in absolute panic for years now . 
  they are extremely afraid to be too left for some reason and in general try to move more to the center . 
  the bill is , that nobody voted for them in the last 10 years in the general election outside of the old poeple who voted for them forever . 
  and they somehow ca n't figure that out . 
  it would be quite funny , if it were n't so sad . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure they intended so many interpretations with their tank . 
  they probably did n't really think of a whole lot of them . 
  but in general i agree . 
  good satire leaves many interpretations open . 
  agreed . 
  and apparently nobody in munich was fazed by the threat as far as i can tell . 
  and did something happen ? 
  no , as it was expected . 
  terror attacks are a very minor thread to life compared to traffic , alcohol , smoking , the household and what not . 
  nope . 
  you can import it , if you like . 
  it 's printed in other contries, 
  yeah , but it takes a bit longer , so they can reap in one last quarterly profit . 
  khedira is german . 
  born in germany , raised in germany and has a german mother . 
  his father is from tunisia . 
  so to say `` khedira is tunisian '' is just as ridiculous as to say mario gomez is spanish , mehmet scholl is turkish , obama is kenyan or the british queen is german . 
  what 's up with those rocks ? 
  seriously , why would anyone ever want to go there in the first place ? 
  uk should ask the usa . 
  everytime the us calls the uk follows and gets nothing in return . 
  it 's kind of an abusive relationship . 
  well said !, 
  yeah , this way but not the other way . 
  a truck leaving in rotterdam a 7am arrives in hamburg at 9am instead of 8am . 
  aside from the normal trading between those two countries , the netherlands are also basically germanys port-city . 
  the netherlands and germany would always start working exactly at the same time . 
  but in germany it would be 7am and in the netherlands it would be 6am then . 
  being in the same time zone makes this a bit easier , since the whole day is synchronized . 
  apple is not penalized . 
  the agreement between apple and ireland is illegal under eu law . 
  therefore it is and always was invalid . 
  apple does n't have to pay a penalty , but it does have to pay back all the taxes it would have had to pay to irland , if there never were such an agreement ( that fall under the statute of limitations which apparentely is 10 years ) . 
  you could argue , that ireland should be punished , because it would have been the job of the irish government to uphold eu law and not breaking it . 
  but so far i did n't read anything about a penalty for ireland , and there probably will be none . 
  the reason i do n't know . 
  the timeframe covers the period of 2003 to 2014 . 
  and those tax deals ireland did with apple and probably a handful of other countries were illegal under eu law since at least 2003 . 
  [ i wrote the whole situation somewhereelse down ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50b7la/apple_a_devastating_blow_to_the_sovereignty_of_eu/d73s1on ) . 
  apple is not fined . 
  they just have to backpay all the taxes according to the proper irish taxrate of 12.5 percent for the ten years since the investigation startet and the years afterwards . 
  so effectively from 2003 to 2014 , since the investigation started in 2013 and in 2015 the agreement between apple and ireland changed . 
  this is not retroactively changing the rules or punishing anybody or the abolishment of tax havens . 
  irland is still free to set the corporate tax as low as they want , even to 0 . 
  it 's about ireland and apple having an agreement , that apple should pay less than the normal corporate tax rate , that other companies in ireland have to pay . 
  that 's some sort of state aid for individual companies which is illegal under eu law which ireland is subject to . 
  so apple has to backpay the taxes according to the proper irish corporate taxrate . 
  i assume there is a statute of limitations on this , because apple only has to backpay since 2003 and not for any years before that . 
  edit : it 's also possible , the eu law in question exists only since 2003 or apples and irelands agreement just startet in 2003 , i do n't know . 
  as for the us demand , that what the eu does now is depriving the usa of taxes and is an illegal transfer of us taxpayer money to the eu : that 's tricky . 
  you should have to pay taxes where the profit is generated . 
  but where is the profit generated in this case ? 
  is it generated in the eu , where apple sells the products and `` collects '' the money or is it generated in california , where apple invents these products ?
