no , it wo n't . 
  the eu did n't even really start to save the euro yet . 
  as of now germany forced an austerity-policy on the other countries . 
  it 's the most conservative thing to do and you can change this policy within days if shit is going down . 
  there are possibilities like printing money . 
  also a financial union ist still possible . 
  while i 'm absolutely no fan of the austerity-crap , it has one big advantage : basically nothing happend yet and all the other possibilities are still on the table . 
  besides : the economy in the eu is still not good , but it has gotten a little bit better over the past year . 
  so stop panicking around . 
  but the nuclear weapons will stay in scotland in some submarines hidden in a scottish river anyway . 
  i am sure we can find a solution for the rest , too !, 
  the english hold a referendum about leaving the eu anyway . 
  and it seems about half the population wants to get out . 
  so why not make an independent scotland the successor state and let them keep the eu-membership of the uk . 
  the uk would be out and scotland stays in . 
  problem solved , 
  i do n't want wei\u00dfbier to be a worldwide brand . 
  some big company - probably coca cola , nestle or inbev - will ruin it . 
  if you want a good wei\u00dfbier , you have to come to bavaria . 
  that 's the rule !, 
  a country which just risked the world economy for a minor political and domestic argument should not critisize any other countries . 
  also : why would anybody listen to the us in this matter anyway ? 
  they do what they want and is best for them , not for the world . 
  how dare they to critisize other countries for doing the same ? 
  again ? 
  i think that 's the third article i read within 12 months about our imploding solar industry . 
  should be dust since new years eve by now . 
  russia already declined help for cyprus, 
  was n't aware of art 63 gg ( 4 ) . 
  thanks but it sounds like there is a time limit on the 50 % + , not an attempt limit . 
  mostly correct . 
  you mixed up relative ( most votes but not necessarily 50 % ) and absolute ( more than 50 % ) majority with simple ( more than 50 % ) and two third ( more than 66 % ) majority . 
  the chancellor needs a simple majority in the bundestag to get elected . 
  election process : the president of germany ( joachim gauck ) assignes the biggest party of the bundestag the task to find a majority for a chancellor . 
  if one party holds more than 50 % of the seats this is easy , but happend only once in the beggining of the frg and is unlikely to happen ever again . 
  if this is not the case the biggest party has to find a coalition partner to reach a majority . 
  usually the parties issue a coalition intention before the elections take place ( at the moment spd and greens , cdu/csu and fdp ) . 
  coalition means two or more parties negotiate a coalition treaty where they make compromises to get a common ground for the next 4 years . 
  if the biggest party ca n't find a majority , the second biggest party will be ordered to find a majority . 
  if nobody can form a coalition with more than 50 % of the seats , there will be a new election ( never happened ) . 
  a special case could be if spd and greens form a coalition but have less than 50 % and the linke helps them get their candidate elected , but refuses to be part of the coalition for the next 4 years . 
  every vote in the bundestag has to be negotiated between spd/greens and the linke to ensure a majority for the decision . 
  this is considered unstable , not desired and unlikely . 
  the next election : the outcome of the next election will probably look like this : cdu/csu ( centre-right ) = biggest party , spd ( centre-left ) = second biggest party , greens ( centre-left ) = third , linke ( left ) = fourth , fdp ( liberal ) = fifth . 
  ( beware : liberal in europe does n't mean the same as liberal in the usa ) cdu/csu/fdp will probably not have enough seats to continue their government due to a weak fdp . 
  spd/greens will not have enough seats for a majority either and nobody wants to form a coalition with the linke . 
  the most likely outcome will be a big coalition between cdu/csu/spd with merkel as chancellor . 
  how will this big coalition affect german eu politics : spd will probably soften some of the austerity measurements demanded by cdu/csu but not that much . 
  the biggest change will be speed . 
  merkel is known to keep her options open to the last possible moment . 
  spd is more likely to rally behind an idea and implement it as soon as possible . 
  edit : cdu/csu , spd , greens , linke and fdp are all pro eu . 
  spd and greens are probably more in favour of a more powerful eu parliament , more common eu regulations in general and especially for the financial sektor issued by new eu organs like an eu finance ministery etc. 
  cdu/csu wants mostly to keep the souvereignity of the states and strenghten the common eu market with less regulations . 
  all 3 support the austerity measurements in europe to an extend . 
  spd/greens focus more on saving welfare spending and want the banks , richs and big companies to pay for the crisis , while the cdu/csu cuts across the board and is more likely to put money into the economy . 
  but that 's just the focus . 
  none of these 3 parties wants to save welfare at all costs or save the banks at all costs . 
  the linke wants heavy regulation of banks , ultra high taxes on the rich , and welfare for all . 
  the fdp is the opposite of the linke but currently kept on their feet by their coalition partner . 
  germany is not just a representative democracy , it 's also a `` wehrhafte demokratie '' . 
  so the state and its organs are obliged to protect pluralism and democracy . 
  therefore parties which want to get rid of these things can be banned . 
  the people can still have their opinions regardless of how ridiculous they are , but if they act on it , be it a violent attack or founding an association which tries to overthrow the constitution , the state has to intervene . 
  to protect democracy you have to sacrifice a small part of it . 
  and if you do n't potect democracy everything can go horribly wrong if the conditions are just bad enough . 
  that beeing said , it should be very difficult to ban a party , so the banning system ca n't be abused . 
  and as you can see in the npd case , it apparently is . 
  i agree wit your last part completely . 
  i still think banning the npd would help , too . 
  they control whole villages in some parts of the country and you wo n't get these places back , without getting rid of the party , if you can get them back at all . 
  addition : it 's difficult to ban the npd , because the agency in charge of gathering proof ( verfassungsschutz ) has either very close ties to the right wing scene or is just plain incompetent . 
  i personally belive the verfassungsschutz does n't want to get the npd banned , because a lot of people would lose their jobs . 
  if there is no npd you ca n't watch them anymore ... 
  it 's not that simple . 
  in most cases you are right . 
  the republikaner for example are too small to do any harm and you just want to let them hang around because then you know where your nutjobs are . 
  the npd on the other hand got big . 
  the party is currently in 2 or 3 state parliaments with some mps , has a lot of ressources and actively converts teenagers to their crappy ideology . 
  if you ban them they lose their funds , buildings and party infrastructure . 
  they would need to start from scratch ( they ca n't just found the same party again ) and probably lose a whole generation of new young people , because they ca n't recruit . 
  your democracy argument is invalid here , because the npd itself is not in favour of pluralism . 
  if they could they would ban most of the other parties . 
  i doubt that there is enough money in these funds to replace all cyprus deposits below $ 100.000 . 
  the fund is just big enough to cover some bank breakdowns , not most of them at the same time . 
  in the end all eu citizens have to pay . 
  it may not be exactly the same as the deutsche bank/aeg case but close enough to make my point . 
  we all have seen what happens if you count on insurance . 
  deutsche bank for example bragged about how they did n't need a bailout ( yet ) , because their losses were insured . 
  their insurance company aeg needed a bailout though . 
  if you let one of the big banks or all the banks of a small country get bankrupt and count on insurance you only get a bigger problem somewhere else . 
  you have to restructure banks while they are still operative not after they broke down . 
  oh , you got your own right wing tea party idiots now . 
  no , seriously , you have to get rid of them . 
  splitting the conservative side of the parliament leaves only two options : either you get two groups who hate each other and labour will rule forever or you get a crazy conservative coalition who drives the other parties to the right . 
  you want neither , it 's bad for democracy . 
  i live near munich . 
  just pm me , if you wan na know something . 
  probably this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnzyvkqgnyi even the pope is singing it , 
  wow .
