  the role of the president of the european council is explained in article 15 of the treaty of the european union and his tasks are : chairing european council meetings and driving forward its work ; ensuring the preparation of european council meetings and the continuity of their work , in cooperation with the president of the commission , and on the basis of the work of the general affairs council configuration . 
  helping to facilitate cohesion and consensus within the european council ; presenting a report to the european parliament after each european council meeting . 
  the president of the european council also ensures the external representation of the eu at the level of heads of state or government : on issues related to the eu common foreign and security policy ( cfsp ) , alongside the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy who helps put into effect the cfsp and ensure its unity , consistency and effectiveness ; at international summits , usually alongside the president of the european commission . 
  http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/european-council/president/role/ as you can see his role is mostly about ensuring that the meetings goes along as they should and presenting what 's been agreed on by the council to the public and other parts of the eu . 
  for a start it 's certainly not the highest office in the eu . 
  he leads the european council . 
  the title president is misleading as his role is more that of what 's called an ordf\u00f6rande in swedish . 
  which i believe translates better to chairman than president in this context . 
  he 's elected by the leaders of the national governments of the eu of which 27 voted for him while 1 voted against him . 
  or you 've lived under a rock for the past years . 
  tusk is not the kind of president you think he is . 
  how did germany and sweden cause war and poverty in the me ? 
  and should italy just leave them to drown in the mediterranean ? 
  these are countries that pay huge amounts into the eu and the least one could expect in return from the countries where most of this goes is some solidarity . 
  a small part of the eu parliament that handles questions like these came together and found that the eu parliament had no reason to obstruct this french investigation . 
  this immunity is not supposed to prevent national investigations like these . 
  did germany , sweden , greece or italy ? 
  yes but asylum seekers ca n't speak swedish . 
  malloch has taken advantage of his rights to tell the eu what he thinks of it . 
  now the eu is showing him the door . 
  at what point was his right to free speech violated ? 
  yea i will never not talk to someone or judge them on account of them being muslim as most of them are nice people and pretty much like anyone else . 
  but the religion of islam is in dire need of reformation on an establishment level ( mosques religious leaders , saudi arabia etc ), 
  yep if you want to monitor data traffic in northern europe then sweden is the place to do it . 
  especially russian traffic as pretty much everything going under the baltic sea passes through sweden . 
  [ f\u00f6rsvarets radioanstalt ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2017/01/19/the-swedish-kings-of-cyberwar/ ) `` according to the american agency ( the nsa ) , the broad leeway given to the fra had made sweden a more reliable surveillance ally than great britain . '', 
  well let 's not forget the fra . 
  in what country is the speaker of the parliament directly elected ? 
  when it comes to reforming the eu your own country is one of the anchors holding it back . 
  right but they will be replaced with coal plants because we still need the energy and we ca n't build enough renewables to replace a nuclear plant . 
  [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=j%c3%a4mtland ), 
  mushrooms usually grow very well in certain parts of a forest . 
  because of this families usually have a special location where they go for mushrooms every year . 
  this place is a highly guarded secret as you do n't want anyone else to go pick your shrooms . 
  i can only speak for sweden but there are four things that you do not ask about here : 1 . 
  what 's your salary ? 
  what did you vote for ? 
  anything connected to one 's personal religion or lack thereof . 
  where do you pick your mushrooms ? 
  sweden . 
  a lot of things were handled wrong from the beginning of the refugee crisis . 
  we went away from our usual procedures as there were just so many refugees to properly handle every one of them . 
  this created a bunch of problems which will take time to solve . 
  sweden has the best food , italy has the worst . 
  i do n't watch a lot of movies but the book `` a man called ove '' is good . 
  there is a movie based off the book . 
  because money given to eu parliament groups are supposed to go to their work related to the eu parliament . 
  if ukip needs funds for work not related to the eu parliament it will have to get them elsewere just like everyone else . 
  in what possible way was this not `` necessarily illegal '' ? 
  my point about needing to cross a river was having to go near a large body of water . 
  do you honestly not see that teaching swimming in school contributes to saving lives ? 
  you can never know beforehand if you 're ever going to be exposed to a situation where you need to swim to save your own or someone else 's life . 
  well for a start i have a hard time seeing how you would ever cross a river . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  even if it 's obviously not vital to go near water people still drown because they ca n't swim and other people drown trying to save them . 
  so what exactly are you saying ? 
  being able to swim is not a `` nice bonus '' it 's a vital ability that you need in order to not put yourself and others in danger every time you go near a body of water . 
  parents being taxpayers does not give them any more say in what their kids learn than any one else . 
  in sweden swimming is a mandatory part of your grades . 
  if you refuse to prove that you can swim/refuse to learn to swim then that 's an f just like if you refuse to take part in any other subject . 
  should parents get to choose what subjects they want their kids to learn ? 
  what ? 
  / u/meneerpuffy said that the eu helps small european countries stand up to countries like the us and china . 
  how is this false ? 
  in order for anyone to disprove your claim you first have to prove your claim . 
  you ca n't just claim something without any proof and then demand others to provide proof against your unproven claim . 
  please explain what evidence simple folk as yourself and jesse hughes has access to that the police does n't . 
   so how can people borrow money between themselves ? 
  swish  what if there 's a power outage ? 
  anarchy  are all tourists forces to get credit cards ? 
  ca n't they just use their normal cards ? 
   how do people buy their drugs ? 
  swish, 
  and i 'm assuming you 're not using roads , streetlights , healthcare high cost protection , libraries , public transportation ? 
  oh and i hope you do n't have any form of education ? 
  because just your elementary education cost the swedish taxpayers around 100 000kr per year . 
  and you 're saving for your pension of course ? 
  because if you 're not you 'll end up a true leech in the welfare system while living in an existential minimum . 
  but assuming you 're not too stupid to see all the things that are given to you by society and you 've set up your own micro society in the woods somewhere in which you 're living the anarcho-capitalistic dream i wish you the best of luck in surviving when you 're no longer able to work without being a welfare leech or leeching off your kids . 
  in what universe do you live where second hand shops/people from blocket prefer cash over swish ? 
  sure but i 'd imagine that 's a pretty small store right ? 
  the larger supermarkets where most people get their food would never be able to keep track of what everyone bought without their electronic systems . 
  now imagine if we came under attack . 
  one of the things our enemy would target would be our payment systems . 
  imagine if no one could pay for anything for weeks ? 
  for how long can you survive on what 's currently in your fridge . 
  all forms of electronic payment going down in today 's sweden where cash is available but almost no one uses it would be so bad that the army has such a scenario in the aurora 17 excercise : http://www.forsvarsmakten.se/sv/aktuellt/2017/06/nar-betalsystemen-gar-ner-ett-scenario-for-aurora-17/, 
  the government should n't have as little control over public service as possible . 
  chinese steel is dirt cheap and of dirt quality everywhere . 
  populists going down in polls is bad ? 
  needs more jpeg, 
  but germany gains from a low value euro because they 're a massive exporter . 
  the uk is a massive importer . 
  yea why did n't westminster think of this ? 
  * let 's just not have the pound lose value !, 
  so norway !, 
  why would parents not buy their child a koran if they were interested ? 
  my dad owns a koran which i could read all i liked . 
  even if i did n't really read a lot of it it did n't turn me into an extremist . 
  so what exactly would be the powers of this person ?
