  what would be their duty ? 
  do they have to be of the opposite gender of the president ? 
  do you not think it applies in china or what ? 
  threads occasionally gains 10k + upvotes on here once they reach r/all . 
  so what ? 
  the deal was made under their reign . 
  is he supposed to say it was made during his or what ? 
   yes . 
  even in europe . 
  how the fuck would you know ? 
  fria tider is known for being one of the most misleading and pro sd newspapers out there . 
  if fria tider ca n't take a single thing he said out of context so it means what you 're claiming he said then you 're either misremembering , lying or the biggest newspapers in finland lied . 
  these are the only quotes from reinfeldt that i found in the article . 
  nowhere does he mention anything about `` punishing '' swedes . 
  please come back with sources apart from fria tider and the like . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  l\u00f6fven was n't even the leader of the social democrats in 2006 . 
  sd was basically an unknown fringe party full of actual far rights/nazis in 2006 . 
  are you really this ignorant or just some malfunctioning putinbot ? 
  why would they represent their home countries ? 
  their job is to represent the entire eu . 
  the commissioners are comparable to the national ministers/cabinet members . 
  i do n't know of any country where each minister is elected . 
   well our catalan government has n't establish a `` limit expiring date '' for this rights . 
  not your current one no but public opinion changes . 
  i guess we 'll just have to guess who 's the most patient . 
  catalonia or the eu . 
   i love how macron turned out to be right wing have you lived under a fucking rock during the last year or did you learn to read news a week ago ? 
   of course , the plan of our government is joining the eu . 
  not the efta . 
  how are you going to join the eu if spain wo n't let you ? 
  why would the eu even want you to join for economical reasons ? 
  you keeping all the eu rules meaning that the eu companies and citizens will get access to you while you get nothing back . 
   but at least all the other eu citizens from other countries will enjoy them  let 's see for how long catalonia will agree to paying for the pensions and healthcare of eu citizens without any compensation . 
  so once you leave and piss off spain what 's stopping spain from changing their constitution so it allows them to strip you of your spanish and eu citizenship ? 
  sure you could allow all eu citizens to work , retire , get free healthcare and all the rest of it . 
  but if spain strips you of your eu citizenship then all of your people will lose all their eu rights . 
   it will look similar to what switzerland or norway look now , being not eu countries . 
  how would you ever be able to get into a position similar to norway or switzerland ? 
  no fucking way you 'll be able to join the efta . 
   unless what you mean is what the other poster said that the eu should simply make clear what changes if catalonia were to leave . 
  but apart from that i 'd want to hear as little as possible from the eu on the matter . 
  yes precisely . 
  the eu should outline what would be the practical consequenses of such a decision . 
  when it comes to questions that would affect the entire eu it 's definitely not internal politics anymore . 
  i 'm sorry but i just do n't see how catalonia would be able to join the eu as a independent state . 
  spain will never allow it . 
  even if you did n't need the approval of spain i ca n't imagine any other member state choosing catalonia over spain . 
  aside from the pose does n't he look quite good in that picture ? 
  he looks a bit younger than normal to me . 
  what treaties and obligations that cease after a50 is entirely dependant on what comes out of the negotiations . 
  i doubt there 's a specific brexit exception in the agreement . 
  but it 's not for anything extra . 
  it 's literally money you 've already agreed to pay . 
  well if by `` doubling '' it you mean cutting it to minimum eu levels then yes . 
  it 's not . 
  at least that 's how pts in sweden interpreted the eu rules . 
   noone blames the eu apart from the newspapers except for the politicians . 
  and the people who voted brexit . 
  and some of the people who did n't vote brexit . 
  i believe we already have [ enough . 
  oh i 'm sorry is hamburg in total anarchy for 365 days every year ? 
  it seems like rule of law usually applies in hamburg even if events such as these causes the worst sorts of people to show up . 
  it 's most certainly in their full right to do so but placing it in hamburg is basically asking for riots such as these . 
  if they want to reach out to the public and show what actually gets done at meetings such as these it would be in their interest to avoid conflict from the very beginning . 
  if they never have it in hamburg the extremists never get the fight they want . 
  the way it is now the extremists gets loads of attention while the actual contents of the meeting goes unnoticed . 
  there is no scenario here where the regular people win . 
  i do n't know how the media portrays extremists in germany but if i want to find a news organization that portrays any form of extremism as good i 'm going to have to go pretty fucking far from `` mainstream media '' . 
  if you speak swedish the p3 dokument\u00e4r episode on his death is awesome . 
  yes of course the rule of law applies everywhere but why have this event in an area where applying the rule of law will be the hardest ? 
  just to show the radical left that they do n't make the rules ? 
  the victims here are the population of hamburg , the peaceful protesters getting caught in the crossfire and the police that gets hurt . 
  this could 've been made easier on the protesters , the police and the population of the host city just by moving the event to another city . 
  as far as i understand the radical left is very well organized in hamburg so perharps they should 've anticipated this and picked another decent sized german city ? 
  why would that make the people rioting stop ? 
  they know it 's not going to be hosted in their city for many years . 
  if you ban all countries with riots from hosting it you 'll run out of countries rather quickly . 
  a moronic comment as a response to a moronic comment . 
  you fucking what . 
  in norway everyone keeps to the speed limits . 
   i salute those that have taken the trouble to be in the room . 
  he did commend the people that showed up . 
  his remarks were clearly aimed at those that did n't bother . 
  so juncker is wrong in saying that the mep : s are being extremely disrespectful when only 4 % of them show up for a speech by a prime minister of a member state and a debate about the presidency of that member state ? 
  there are reasons to dislike juncker but in this case juncker is in the right for criticizing the parliament . 
  yes of course only the relevant mep : s should show up at each debate but when it comes to a debate about such a general subject as the precidency of the council to which the leader of a member state and the president of the commission will attend one would expect more respect from the meps . 
  one should be able to expect more than 4 % of the mep : s to bother showing up . 
  well that and more since germany and estonia apparently used the nhs directly . 
   germany and estonia use the uk healthcare service . 
  ** brexit now **, 
  is n't your current government is filled with [ homophobes ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/200/094/ba1.jpg ) ? 
  how is esa a failure because some projects fail ? 
  nasa has had som spectacular failures over the year . 
  remember the challenger shuttle ? 
  or the time nasa crashed an orbiter into mars because they forgot to convert from imperial to metric ? 
  3 astronauts died when a fire broke out while they were training an apollo 1 . 
  one astronaut almost drowned during liberty bell 7 due to a failed landing . 
  during gemini 8 a thruster kept firing and made the spacecraft spin uncontrollably . 
  the orbiting carbon observatory satellite crashed in the ocean 17 minutes after it was launched .
