  actually treating all muslims badly will give erdogan and isis all the propaganda they need to radicalize the islamic world against the west . 
  it 's a war to them because they 're radicalized . 
  starting an actual ideological war against muslims in europe wo n't bring down the amount of terrorism . 
  the path to less islamic terrorism does n't go through pushing muslims citizens away from society but by bringing them closer to society . 
  perharps starting by banning funding for religious organizations from countries that systematically abuse human rights . 
  and by introducing some basic democratic standards that religious organizations has to adhere to . 
  tl ; dr : do n't treat muslims badly . 
  reform the islamic institutions in the west . 
  is it finally time for stormaktstid again ? 
  yea let 's lock away everyone with any links to any radical group and watch as radicalization goes down . 
  let 's get every single one at risk of radicalization and lock them all up together . 
  because being locked up with people who are more radicalized will surely make those at risk of being radicalized way less radicalized . 
  this will lead to a spiral in which less and less people are radicalized because they spend more and more time in prison with radicals !, 
  there is no way this could ever backfire on anyone ever !, 
  because no study has ever shown that being in prison exposes you to recruitment by criminal gangs !, 
  no shit it 's the enterprises and citizens that produce the money . 
  the government then takes some of this money and puts it to use in projects where it will benefit the taxpayer in the long run !, 
  and a government in the eu can pass national laws in it 's own parliament just like one not in the eu . 
  of course your proposal has to be accepted by other nations if it 's going to impact them . 
  it 's so strange how there are 2 people in the same thread where 1 complains about germany running the union while the other one complains about how countries ca n't pass eu policies without the support of other members . 
  all countries can propose things . 
  yep everyone was super ok with this . 
  none of the media even reported it . 
  it took the super mega progressive unbiased alternative supermedia to give this some attention . 
  even then everyone just shrugged and said `` well it 's ok because it 's islam . '', 
  the swedish prime minister even commented : `` this is not disgusting '' . 
  you do as well as you can . 
  i ca n't see what 's stopping the boys from doing 100 pushups when it 's time for pushups . 
  in my gym classes most things are built in such a way that anyone can push themselves to their limit . 
  then again gym class should n't be about competition but about building a healthy relationship to excercise . 
   comments not falling in the mainstream leftie fold are removed . 
  you w0t m9 ? 
  in what possible way is r/sweden a `` leftie fold '' ? 
  the only comments i see being removed are those breaking reddit/subreddit rules . 
  in an ideal world no religion should be above the law . 
  in this world i 'd settle for the face being visible when in places such as banks , schools , stadiums , and similar places . 
  being able to identify the people causing trouble in stadiums seems good for the safety of everyone . 
  being in one of these groups means that you 're known by the police . 
  these groups does n't just have a bit of a shuffle and then go home . 
  they have large fights , they carry out extortion and make threats aimed at judges , players , other fans , football clubs and anyone that might stand in their way . 
  the people actually wearing masks att an event are not normal fans but criminals . 
  banning it in certain places for security reasons does n't seem like an overreach to me . 
  the only people that covers their face when attending a football game or going to a bank are those looking to start trouble . 
  and some states do n't . 
  it still misrepresent the vote of the people and gives the large swing-states a disproportionate amount of power in elections . 
  how is a system that makes the vote of some people count more than the votes of others democratic ? 
  and no he was put forward as the lead candidate of the epp at the election congress by the epp . 
  pretty much like in the us elections . 
  not sure why this would matter . 
  was trump ever a congressman or any other elected office before he became president ? 
  juncker is the president of the commission because his party got the most votes in the eu parliament elections . 
  anyone who voted for the epp in the eu election voted for juncker . 
  the electoral college does not have any legal obligation to follow the popular vote in any way . 
  it does not help the small states get more attention as the only states that matter are the swing states . 
  it 's also weird that your president was elected without the popular vote and that the electoral college is able to completely ignore the vote . 
  i really like the smaller threads on r/sweden with jokes , questions , ama : s or news . 
  the comments on these can be super funny . 
  the larger threads are a bad representation of the subreddit in general as they 're usually boring jokes aimed at non swedish speakers . 
  that and the nukes . 
  africa will catch up sooner or later the question is wether it will happen within 20 years or within 100 years . 
  asia used to be like africa in terms of birthrates not long ago . 
  what has happened in every other part of the world tells us that africa will see a rapid increase in population which will then stop as the birth rate is reduced . 
  the rest of the world can speed up this process and reduce the final population of africa . 
  why not ? 
  it 's happened to every other place . 
  do you think progress is stagnant ? 
  to get birthrates down from pre-industrial levels to the levels of today . 
  eventually africa will catch up which will lead to a population boom . 
  the birth rates may adjust in 20 years with the help of the outside world as has been seen in several asian countries or it may take 50-100 years as it took europe . 
  which one is worse ? 
  finnish laws are made in finland . 
  eu laws are made in brussels . 
  you 'd think a union that 's based on free trade between member states would have something to say about a state monopoly on anything right ? 
  laws regarding competition in the eu is exactly the type of law the eu has a lot to do with . 
  check out r/sweden and / r/stockholm, 
   it is only money making machine i do n't know about the finnish version but systembolaget in sweden does not turn a profit . 
  where has this extremely corrupt media been hiding all my life ? 
  due to the cold war we 've got about [ 65 000 bunkers ] ( https://www.msb.se/skyddsrum ) capable of housing a total of 7 000 000 people . 
  per capita you 're barely paying anything compared to the top contributors . 
  this is the single most retarded thing i 've read in my fucking life . 
  the uk has an interest in keeping the border between ni and the roi open for as closing the border would cause problems . 
  what 's stopping them from finding out ? 
  the eu parliament releases several videos every week explaining what they 're currently working on . 
  they also have a playlist of 130 videos titled `` how it works '' . 
  if you want more info it 's available in 28 languages . 
  anyone who says that the eu is n't transparent on how it works has n't tried to find out . 
   if they were fleeing sharia law , then why did n't they settle in the first non-sharia country they arrived in ? 
  because no matter what you 're fleeing from that would be dumb as hell from the perspective of a refugee arriving in greece ? 
  if the uk does n't want to be part of the single market then goods that pass between the single market and the uk has to be taxed properly . 
  the people that did vote leave could and should have known what they were voting for . 
  anyone including you can at any time order information in 28 different languages on how the eu works . 
  you can order hard copies of these documents ( if computers lack the transparency you require to find basic information ) or just read them on the internet . 
  there are information aimed at children if you need it . 
  all of this is completely free of charge . 
  and yet you say that it 's the eu : s fault that people such as yourself do n't understand how it works . 
  anyone with enough iq to read a website can understand the eu . 
  you not knowing who donald tusk is is your own fault as you and everyone else has had all the opportunities in the world to find out about this yet you chose not to . 
  and now you 're on the internet complaining about how you ca n't even be bothered to find out who sits on some of the most important positions within the union . 
  it 's a powerful position but far from the most powerful and certainly not comparable to being `` president of the eu '' . 
  the most powerful presidency within the eu is that of the president of the commission .
