wacky waving inflatable shameless eu & russia propaganda posters . 
  [ surstr\u00f6mming ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr\u00f6mming ), 
  yes you can . 
  the hell is up with finland on this map ? 
  please explain what an army would do against chinese takeovers ? 
  nearly 1/2 of people in the uk voted to stay in the eu . 
  yet you do n't think they 're big lovers of eu ? 
  it 's one of my favourite subreddits, 
  i believe the accuracy of gps falls off the further north you go while the glonass is more accurate the further north you get . 
  could this be the reason ? 
  they were protesting the rising university prices . 
  this was not targeted at the swedes . 
  they do n't need full access but what you said in your previous comment implied that you thought the single market was just some trade deal that has been negotiated between the eu countries . 
  and if they go for a fta it will take way longer than 2 years to negotiate as the uk probably would want it 's services to have full access to the union for which the eu would want something very substantial in return . 
  as for ceta the negotiations started in 2009 and no one is sure if it will go through or not . 
  an eu-uk trade deal would probably be even more complicated than ceta . 
  trade agreement = / = full single market access, 
  the majority of the british public had no idea of what the deal actually said . 
  all it got was strawmans about migrants and child benefits just like yours . 
  if you 're actually interested you can [ read it . 
  ] ( http://docs.dpaq.de/10395-0216-euco-conclusions.pdf ), 
  you already had less responsibilities and more rights than probably any other eu country . 
  had you voted the other way you would have gotten an even more preferable deal . 
  and while it 's technically your right to delay work in the eu that wo n't affect you you have to understand why it 's seen as a dickish move by the uk . 
  no 3rd party trade deals are a central part of being a member of the eu . 
  what the uk is doing is just dicking around . 
  sure all of our newspapers have an agenda but even our most one sided mainstream newspapers seems way behind the sun etc on the agenda pushing . 
  i never said the whole thing was usa : s fault . 
  but after the us invaded iraq for whatever reason and later left iraq for whatever reason . 
  many groups including is was created in the power vacuum . 
  this is not entirely the fault of the us . 
  but it still holds a large part of the responsibility . 
  isis is not a cause it 's just a symptom . 
  how will they rebuild syria if they 're barred from leaving turkey ? 
  rape by men against men in war and similar places has more to do about power and less about sexual orientation . 
  a warlord in somalia may be straight but still get off at humiliating his prisoners . 
  and what greater humiliation than being raped by him ? 
  and the reasons for raping a pow does n't even have to be sexual . 
  if rape is on the menu then it 's likely there 's some torture in there too . 
  rape is a very good tool in torture but this is n't really relevant as what we were talking about was women in the army . 
  if a woman is willing to take the risks of going to war then that 's her decision and not someone else 's . 
  yeah right because releasing common soldiers for their extremely limited intelligence and whatever possessions they 're carrying is something armies are known to do . 
  what possessions could a soldier possibly have that would give him any kind of leverage to negotiate his release ? 
  your captors are n't going to ask your permission before confiscating your gear and whatever you may be carrying . 
  you ca n't exactly promise them your house or anything that you 're not carrying . 
  if this was possible soldiers would n't spend years as pow : s. and it 's true that no one knows exactly what to expect if captured . 
  but the possibility of being hurt or killed is something one is usually aware of when going into war . 
  and why would being gay matter in this context ? 
  if someone wants to rape you they 're not going to ask for your sexual orientation first if your extremely conservative mind was n't aware of this . 
  if person a can point a gun and pull the trigger in the same way as person b then their gender should n't matter . 
  luckily we do n't live in a traditional society where women are burned at the stake without a trial . 
  anyone who goes into war are aware of the risks . 
  these risks include being captured . 
  you do realize men can get tortured and raped as pow : s too right ? 
  they 've said that they will draft based on ability . 
  they wo n't base anything off the gender of applicants . 
  not in the way you seem to think . 
  exactly , and because i 'm just 1/7000000000 of the world population anything i change about my lifestyle to affect the world in any positive way is completely meaningless !, 
  those other 6999999999 people are the actual problem as they make up a majoritet of the world population !, 
  everyone who voted in the eu elections elected him . 
  knowing alliansen and sverigedemokraterna : no it wo n't . 
  no they wo n't . 
  this is just a proposal and as it seems right now it 's not even close to becoming reality . 
   turkey is n't a member of eu and most likely wo n't be for ever . 
  exactly . 
  especially if they introdue capital punishments wich is what merkel seems to have said ... 
  i believe it 's what we in sweden call : raketen, 
  you 're right the other polls seem to place m , s and sd at about 22 % with m usually being a bit ahead . 
  sd only polls as the third biggest party at ~ 16 % while the two biggest are at ~ 27 % . 
  i agree with that the eu should n't push too hard as everyone would lose on this . 
  ( i also dislike the word `` punishment '' as this is not what i feel like it is . ), 
  however i do n't think that the eu should agree to any less than the uk being part of the eea with everything that comes with it and paying an appropriate fee . 
  anything less should come with a heavy price tag . 
  this is unfortunately a time when the eu has to show that no matter what your leave campaign tells you ; you will not get a better deal after you leave . 
  i agree with that people see the eu as very undemocratic , elitist and far away from the people but i do n't think it 's nearly as undemocratic or elitist as people think it is wich many would know if they read the documents available in every major language in the eu . 
  that being said i will admit that the union is in need of change and i hope this will be the thing that triggers it . 
  i 'm not denying it was a democratic decision . 
  however the campaigns acted in a very undemocratic fashion by relying on fearmongering , misleading rethoric and simply false facts . 
  but i just feel like every other comment saying that brexit was bad is followed by a `` but it was democratic '' . 
  as if it being democratic had anything to do with wether it was right or not . 
  and with the results being 52/48 with a 72 % participation no one can really say what the entire uk actually thinks . 
  ( sorry if mobile swedish autocorrect made any mistakes . ), 
  i see no reason to why the eu would n't want to toss the uk around a bit to make people wanting to leave the eu understand that you simply wo n't benefit from leaving . 
  and can we please stop bringing up how this is a democratic decision and should therefore be immune to the consequenses that follows ? 
  especially when both sides of the debate have been running two very undemocratic campaigns . 
  so you ca n't see any difference what so ever between the way nazi germany and the eu is controlled ? 
  first of all what kind of universal solution did you have for this crisis back before it started ? 
  secondly are you saying that politicians should just be able to not address it because they ca n't be bothered ? 
  politics about refugees . 
  because it 's currently one of the most important issues in swedish politics ? 
  what ? 
  the opinion in r/sweden is not `` do nothing '' it 's `` do n't let the terrorists change our lives but do more things to counter terror '' . 
  no idea how you could come to that conclusion . 
  what each individual terrorist claims as their motivation does n't really matter when countering terror . 
  each individual terrorist acts on his own stupidity/depression and attacks the west because others told him he 's in a war . 
  salah abdeslam was described as `` as intelligent as an empty ashtray '' it sounds like you want us to start treating muslims badly . 
  no one was born into islamic terrorism . 
  something got them to the point where they were ready to end their own life through terror . 
  they got the narrative that every muslim everywhere is at war with the entire west from somewhere . 
  they could be groomed into this mindset by family , facebook , isis , erdogan , their local mosque or wherever .
