the official story claimed it was legitimate . 
  it has never been officially been called illigitame . 
  so that 's why i called it that way , and again i said the legitimacy can be questioned . 
  it 's obvious that a large part of urkaine wants change , which is ofcourse very reasonable . 
  but that does not mean we should want that country to have open borders with the rest of europe , and share our currency . 
  the eu has it 's own stability problems at the moment and there is a chance of it falling apart very soon . 
  the last thing we need is a country that is constantly at war with itself . 
  i honestly hope ukraine will get back on track , but i do not think taking them in with the eu in this moment in time is a wise decision . 
  not only for the eu but also for ukraine . 
  european countries will have to pay a lot of money to the eu , something a lot of members are already struggling with . 
  plus a lot of your laws have to be changed first . 
  which costs a lot of money/energy as well . 
  i think it is better for urkaine to get back on it 's feet first , before it starts joining the eu . 
  joining the eu will take a big toll on ukraine , and the eu will have a member which will only act as a parasite on an already sick organism . 
  by the way , we did n't burn the hope of the people of ukraine by voting no . 
  the agreement wo n't be stopped because we do n't agree . 
  the eu does n't give a shit about the opinions of it 's people . 
  it 's a bit overreacting to claim our vote ruined your hope of joining the eu . 
  also on the side , i 've seen a video of a ukrainian militia chanting and standing in full camo with machine guns , threatening us in case we voted no . 
  they then proceeded to burn our flag ( lol ) . 
  that is a horrible example if they are so keen on joining the union . 
  edit : sorry for my mistake i assumed you were from ukraine . 
  yes i know his troops were involved , however i do not see how this ads to our previous conversation . 
  that 's the official story , i later said the legitimacy can be questioned . 
  you seem pretty sure of russia going after another target . 
  but i remember russia annexing crimea ( an ethnic russian area ) after a legitimate vote by the people . 
  germany , denmark , belgium , france , luxembourg , austria etc. 
  have never been part of russia and has never had a ethnic russian population . 
  and russia has no reason whatsoever to go after these countries . 
  the legitimacy of the annexation can be questioned , but russia had a reason to do so . 
  which is not the case for the rest of europe . 
  so the fear of russia conquering the rest of europe is not realistic . 
  parts of europe have been occupied by the ussr , but that still is not a realistic reason for russia to take over europe . 
  this is the 21st century , not wwii . 
  and besides . 
  europe does n't have to take in ukraine to show them ` the way ' . 
  europe has no real way of forcing them to walk in our path . 
  we can withold money from them , but further than that there is no real power for us to enforce a legitimate democracy . 
  just look at poland for example , their democracy and freedom is deteriorating fast and there is n't a lot we can do about it . 
  the only way i see a war happening with russia is if the nato keeps poking the bear , with their ' military exercises ' and the us keeps arming the border countries for a war that probably would n't happen if they do n't give a reason . 
  there is n't that much wrong with us actually . . ukraine is a corrupt and instable country . 
  it will become a bottomless pit for european money , just like greece . 
  our economy is struggling as it is , we ca n't use another beggar . 
  plus ukraine is itself a destabilizing factor in eastern europe . 
  and there have been a lot of reports of actual nazi 's in power . 
  europe is looking for peace and stability , ukraine would not in any way support those wishes . 
  the fact that they slaughter each other to get in the eu is ironically a reason not to take them in . 
  and ofcourse it is not wise to increase the conflict with russia . 
  and saying it is because we are scared , is exactly the problem . 
  proving a point is not worth risking a continental war . 
  we already have enough corrupt countries in our union as it is , and we should fix our own problems before taking on the ones of a broken down county , which has been in war for years . 
  that sounds like he is just conformist . 
  if he thinks there 's no place for women in the clergy that does n't automatically make him anti-women . 
  that 's just polarising the facts . 
  how is he anti-women ? 
  oh , so now we also have to explain to brussels how the eu is not a country . 
  good thing an invasion by russia wo n't happen . 
  except for uruguay , they got it together !, 
  might not be rich , but their president is a real good guy . 
  well before the romans it were almost entirely tribes that inhabited europe , and as far a we know they did n't control any borders . 
  and even if they did they havent written anything down about it . 
  we only know roughly which area they lived in . 
  the romans were the first to lay down actual borders in europe . 
  yes we did , we voted against the euro , and the european constitution . 
  but it was still implemented . 
  we voted against the eu aswell ... 
  but we were ignored . 
  oh wow really , haha nvm that i was looking for articles concerning the topic . 
  tbh i only quickly glansed through it . 
  i 'll remove the links . 
  i would n't be able to assign them to a party either . 
  they have n't done extreme things as far as i 'm aware , but for example some time ago during the ukraine crisis they were caught editing a 5 minute interview with putin to a 30 second video in which it looked as if putin completely ignored the reporter . 
  http://oekrainee.eu/schokkende-video-anti-rusland-propaganda-bij-nos/ and shortly after the referendum about the treaty with ukraine was announced , they used images in the background with a massive ` yes ' and a very small and slighty hidden ` no ' . 
  even though it seems innocent , it has subconscious effects on the decision making . 
  it are small things , but it should not be something a national news network participates in . 
  i found this from a frormer nos employee ( it 's in dutch ) http://www.ninefornews.nl/oud-medewerker-nos-journaal-doet-boekje-open-over-mediacensuur-we-krijgen-eenzijdige-of-verdraaide-informatie/ edit : 2 words edit 2 : removed nonsense links about vacines and autism . 
  sorry about those . . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  that 's true i suppose , however the nos is becoming more and more like the us fox news , with it 's own false facts and manipulative editing . 
  no , when newspapers start giving ` opinions ' it 's no longer objective news . 
  even though it happens sometimes , it 's usually frowned upon when media loses objectivity . 
  but that 's just our way of looking at it i suppose . . 
  at least it 's not a funny joke . . 
  moving between countries in europe is nothing like switching states in the us . 
  the cultural difference is one thing , but our governments differ aswell . 
  our internal and external politics are different per country , our education systems , our healthcare systems , our laws are also different . 
  the countries are different in so many ways . 
  the eu flag is not something we rally behind as a unified nation , it 's just a symbol of co\u00f6peration between nations . 
  unlike the us where a state is part of a bigger country . 
  europeans are called so for the same reason asians are called asians , because of the continent we come from , not our ` country ' . 
  most of the people of europe do n't identify as ` european ' but as dutch , german , french , english , danish , etc. 
  moving between european countries is more like moving from the us to canada . 
  except for the open borders . 
  and a reasonable mentality on both sides of the border ( haha ) . . 
  you 're either with 'em or against them . 
  that ... that does n't even make any sense . 
  the dutch remember . 
  should you not go surrender to someone ? 
  ofcourse not . 
  you speak dutch .
