  or is this litteral single persons ? 
  and i bet he 's responsible for that fucking black hole in the center of the galaxy too . 
  do n't fall for it !, 
  [ it 's a trick to lure you in !, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/3t55ldmi4zjy.jpg ), 
  erdy is litterally , litterally , what the left sees trump as . 
  that burden has n't stopped any other civil war in history . 
  and other civil wars were by people with a similar culture . 
  texas and california may as well be different continents if we got by cultural relevance . 
   if its a real issue can you show me the cases where people with religious facial tattoos are being discriminated against . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  we 're talking about where the line is drawn , why are you so unhealthily obsessed with an example ? 
   hell i would support sikh ladies right to wear beards if they felt it was their religious duty so no i would n't mind someone expressing their religion via facial tattoos if that 's what their religion genuinely demanded of them this law is about having the right to ban such things in the workplace . 
  do you think owners of bussinesses should not be able to fire a waiter or a receptionist with face tattoos ? 
  that fruit is hanging almost way too low to pick . 
  almost . 
  turkey old buddy ` ol pal , you wan na talk genocide ? 
   it is n't a double standard if it is n't a real issue . 
  this is n't a philosophical debate the issues relate to european society and european law . 
  it is a real issue . 
  you ca n't hold a double standard . 
  there 's a line and it has to he drawn . 
  stop dodging . 
  still from glorious yurop either way . 
   it started with the ridiculous contention of which as demonstrated is not ridiculous . 
   which is n't a contemporary issue in europe so is n't worth debating . 
  of course it bloody is worth debating . 
  you ca n't hold a double standard . 
  where you draw the line ? 
  will the memes be allowed after the crisis is over ? 
  what were the gun laws and gun control of iraq at the time ? 
  surely , they must have been a bit more lax than the current laws of the us . 
  anyway , the army in this case would still be fighting in their homeland though , they would n't be foreigners to new terrain , that would play a significant role . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zb2vq/eu_workplace_headscarf_ban_ruled_legal/dewr0gi/  you have failed to show that maoris are discriminated against within the and you have failed to show that aspartamene is bad for your health . 
  i mean , if you 're going to start spouting random irrelevant things , might as well do the same . 
  when did i say maois are oppresed ? 
  yes . 
  originally you did n't believe face tattoos should he defended but the scarf should , when you said that tattoos are n't religious practice but the scarf is . 
  do you think face tattoos should be protected ? 
   maori facial tattoos seem to be cultural rather than religious they very interwined . 
  you ca n't write them off . 
   maoris are n't a big feature within european society so it is n't a issue so , what happens if a maori moves to europe ? 
  will they just turn to a salt column or vanish or what ? 
   analogy : if someone much , much stronger than you or i is trying to rape one of us , then fighting back with all our might will likely make him give up . 
  this analogy is n't valid . 
  we are n't talking about 2 weak people fighting a strong one , we 're talking about 2 toddlers thinking they can take on a bulldozer because they they can wave a stick around . 
  so , since / u/low _ discrepancy was kind enough to give us an example of cultural/religious face tattoos that being the maori , what do you have to say about them ? 
   and then you have the 2nd amendment right to bear arms , which is like a 4th branch of government . 
  yeah m9 , i 'm sure the glock you keep under your matress and your weekly shooting range visit will he enough to stop trained marines armed with assault rifles , body armor and multiple months/years of training , tanks , helicopters and whatever else the military has it 's disposal . 
   the column is written by a harvard professor of constitutional law . 
  fresh change of pace . 
  all the articles on r/politics saying the same thing about trump are writen by 18 year olds with a major in liberal arts and a minor in gender studies . 
  it 's not a ridiculous example and b. ), 
  that 's not what it is . 
  whataboutism is deflecting critisism of yourself by pointing out flaws in the person who critises you . 
  do a simple bloody google search . 
  so , what you 're saying you have no arguement and hold no consistency in your views . 
   the point about whataboutism is the examples were usually not analogous , akin to your facial tattoo example . 
  learn what whataboutism is and stop making a fool out of yourself by missusing it . 
  a simple bloody wikipedia search will give the result . 
  i do n't know what ass you pulled all this out of but it sure is a creative one . 
  whataboutism is deflecting critisism by saying that your opponent is also doing the same thing or worse . 
  now , i 'll ask you one more time . 
  if you have an arguement you can present it , if you do n't you stop ridiculing yourself by replying . 
  should face tattoos for religious reasons be protected , yes or no ? 
  they are spain 's windshield . 
  is that the dutch version of r/circlejerk ? 
  is that like the turkish onion ? 
  when all you have is a plastic hammer ... 
  erdy really fucked himself with that nazi comment . 
  is n't that also true for hamburgers ? 
  liberty patties or something . 
  why ? 
  the law we 're talking about did n't require you to be legally trans . 
  dude 's adam 's apple 's bigger than my fist . 
  you believe a litteral man with long hair and eyeliner is fit for entry ? 
   the turkish state will protect them and cares about them . 
  `` we have turks there that we have to protect '' did someone say ... oppressed ~ ~ russian ~ ~ turkish minority ? 
  if he changes his documents you believe he is fitting to enter the woman 's bathroom ? 
  he claims to be a woman . 
  look up riley dennis . 
   his name is galvin , his documents said he is male and he identifies as a boy . 
  next argument please . 
  does he fucking look like one ? 
  do me a favour . 
  look up riley dennis . 
  are you being transphobic by imposing how a person choses to identify themselves as ? 
  edit : you know what , let 's knock it up a notch . 
  let 's use a real person instead of a hypothetical one . 
  look up riley dennis . 
  identifies as a woman . 
   except kids like galvin who are being denied that . 
  you edited this in later . 
  so , anyway , if you pass nobody will know . 
  this law let people who did n't make an effort to pass . 
  it 's not a boy if it 's not making an effort to pass as one . 
  i do n't care what a piece of paper says . 
  the picture i showed you is not a picture of a woman regardless of what that person chose to identify as . 
  trans people who have been passing have been going to the bathroom they 've wanted for decades . 
  ok , so what you 're saying she can identify as a woman just fine .
