  a genocide which leaves more women than men even more so . 
  a genocide in a country with quotas even further . 
  why do n't you bring up a country without a history of genocide + quotas ? 
   keep telling yourself that . 
  the fact of the matter is that i tried to answer your request for clarification but you had already deleted the request in order to accuse me of dishonesty . 
  fuck that it 's bullshit . 
  no , i deleted it when i found the bonus info to re-inform you and ask you why you did n't mention this little fact from the start . 
  now let 's what see we found about bolivia :  the movement against dominant patriarchal and machista forms of organisations led to the historic `` quota law '' passed in march 1997 . 
   `` the parties shall establish a quota of at least 30 percent women on all the party 's decision-making levels and as regards the candidates for representative office , '' reads article 19 , paragraph 4 of the political parties act ( 1999 ) . 
   bolivia requires all parties -- under a proportional representation system -- to alternate male and female candidates from the top of their lists down . 
  what this means is , no matter how much of a given list is elected into parliament based on vote share , each party 's delegation would have almost exactly a 50-50 gender balance . 
  hm , those are some pretty interesting things to have brought up , are n't they ? 
  i watched the documentary 2 weeks ago . 
  like i said . 
  my bad i mixed an incredibly prestigious college with another incredibly prestigious college . 
   you 've claimed that female participation is greater because there are more women than men . 
  which it is . 
   i have given you data that show that the difference in number of women/number of men in the upper age cohorts is about 80k of a total population in those ages of around 7.5 million . 
  you 've said nothing to contradict these data . 
  why do i need to contradict that data that agrees with me ? 
   these data refute your claim `` wiped out the male population '' . 
  yes . 
  if they had wiped out the male population there would no longer be a rwanda . 
  the result was that there were more women than men . 
   i chose these age cohorts not because of the way they vote , but to represent likelihood of choosing politics as a career . 
  that 's because people under 16 are unlikely to run for parliament . 
  people over 30 on the other hand , are far more likely to . 
   i was n't dishonest . 
  you asked for clarification and i tried to provide it , but you had already deleted your comment . 
  no , you were dishonest . 
  if you were n't dishonest you should have said `` oh by the way , they got a bunch of mandatory seats for women + a genocide that reduced the male population '' from the start instead of pretending that 's there are n't any details that might slightly skew the result . 
   you can stop the personal attacks and try to defend your initial claim with logic and reason . 
  i 've already defended it multiple times . 
  more women than men after the genocide + reserved seats means that naturally more women will be in the parliament . 
   he logical conclusion is that women in rwanda are biologically different from other women . 
  just because there 's a 24/80 quota does n't explain why over 60 % of seats are filled by women . 
  there must be a biological explanation !, 
  lucky we got another explanation !, 
  the genocide reduced the male population in combination with the reserved seats for women . 
  easy !, 
   we must assume that women in bolivia are also biologically different from other women . 
  like i said , i 'm researching it , but like i mentioned above . 
  your blatanty dishonest regarding rwanda means that we 're not in for a big surprise here . 
  alright , i found some very interesting things about bolivia . 
  awaiting your reply so the thread can remain organized . 
  i 'm so sorry i mixed one incredibly prestigious college with another incredibly prestigious college . 
  the youtube video is a documentary which cites multiple scientific papers and researchers . 
  he studied at oxford and currently works at cambridge , what 's the issue ? 
   women really were less prone to seek powe [ which they are . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) . 
  less women are intrested in politics . 
  the ones with merit , rise up , therefore since less of them are naturaly inclined , it makes sense the parliament has more men . 
  [ no , it 's not . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) . 
  i 've gotten tired of linking this . 
  he studied at oxford smartass . 
  women are less biologically predispositioned for professions that are more rational and more inclined to skew toward professions that are more empathetic . 
  it 's the inverse for men . 
  there would , because there 's a law taxing parties unless they enforce equity . 
   law n \u00b0 88-227 , 11th march 1988 , about financial transparency in political life , article 9-1 . 
  parties suffer financial penalties if there 's a gap superior to 2 % between men and women candidates . 
  the penalty is proportional to the gap . 
  credit u/thomanou, 
   based on your biological argument , we should expect female participation to diminish as the effects of the genocide recede and the m/f proportion of the population rebalances . 
  but , as you 've no doubt read , female participation has been growing , yes ? 
  so maybe wait for a few generations for it to recede no ? 
  it has n't even been a full generation since the genocide . 
   where 's the massive difference between men and women among the voting age population ? 
  lol , are you that sexist you think voters vote for their own sex ? 
  voters vote for who they think is best , not for their own sex . 
  this has to do with a bigger percentage of people wanting to join politics , not people voting . 
  do you seriously vote for candidates solely based on their sex ? 
   now , what have you learned about bolivian women ? 
  i 'm still researching , but considering how blatantly dishonest you were about rwanda my guess is i wo n't be surprised with the results . 
  pretty sure he 's a novelty account trolling you . 
   exactly , which is why it makes no sense to have far more men . 
  it does , considering men and women have different brains and therefore pursue different things in life which means less women are interested in politics . 
   law n \u00b0 88-227 , 11th march 1988 , about financial transparency in political life , article 9-1 . 
  parties suffer financial penalties if there 's a gap superior to 2 % between men and women candidates . 
  the penalty is proportional to the gap . 
  credit u/thomanou, 
  what is the former muslim arab colony ? 
  somehow saying that more men are being prone to seek power contradicting that we are for merit . 
   the very idea that government must be effective could be more attractive to men than women . 
  so no i do n't think it 's as important as being representative . 
  are you serious ? 
  the idea of the government being effective is more attractive to men therefore it 's politics fault women are n't interested in it ? 
  have you been trolling me this entire time . - . 
   for your two other questions , you can find all the answers you need by googling them . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you say something you need to back it . 
   a better society is subjective . 
  accurate representation is not . 
  you 'd assume that a better society would be the one with the most skilled goverment no ? 
   because politics is designed in a way that makes it less attractive to women . 
  yes i watched the documentary . 
  the problem is not that men are engineers and women are nurses . 
  the problem is that we value engineers much higher than nurses . 
  i 'm an engineer , and if i 'm the best at my job i can make a lot of money ( richest people in the world are often engineers ) . 
  if i 'm the best nurse or teacher in the world , i will make about the same as any other ( unless i become a gourou or something ) . 
  so , if you watched the docummentary , what is your comment on the study of the day old newborn children still showing that boys and girls prefer different things which counters this arguement ? 
   same with politics , we design it in a way that makes it rational , with debates , arguments and so on .
