   again , empathy is n't sympathy . 
  did you just entirely skip my point ? 
   also , you keep twisting what the doc says . 
  it literally just mentions engineering and scientific/technical disciplines . 
  those are nothing like politics . 
  the claim is about people vs things , jobs about people vs jobs about things . 
  it does n't present the difference as being about the `` depth of human connection '' or whatever . 
  you think all nurses are caring angles who want to connect with their patients on a deeper level or something ? 
  politics is not a human connection profession in the same way teaching or nursing is . 
  you do n't personally connect with people , you use people there 's a difference . 
   you know , when you linked the video , i could have just said `` pfft , a youtube video ? 
  a `` documentary '' made by some comedian guy ? 
  potentially maliciously edited ? 
  a show that seems to aim for controversy ? '' . 
  i could have dissmissed it , but i did n't . 
  yeah that 's what the comment you linked does . 
  for example , there 's a study there in the documentary which a researcher conducts worldwide online polls with hundreds of thousands of participants accross the entire globe . 
  the response of the comment ? 
  i  lippa 's study is self-selected from people on the internet . 
  of course you 're going to find equality across countries among people who 1 . 
  are rich enough to afford a computer . 
  are inclined to use that computer at all . 
  are interested in things like gender equality , so they search the right keywords to stumble across the study , or are told by their like-minded friends about the study . 
  what is this even talking about ? 
  the results were the people picked gendered jobs , not that they picked `` equality '' jobs . 
  on what grounds is this even dismissed that people across the world with equal opportunity picked the jobs they wanted ? 
  this does n't even make sense . 
  another researcher run tests on 9 month old babies . 
  the commenters response ? 
   `` diseth 's study was hilariously bad . 
  at 9 months there is plenty of time for socialization to occur , especially given how fast children 's brain 's change at that age , and how receptive children are to social cues . '', 
  yes , because the commenter obviously knows so much better than a professor on the subject seeing as they have a degree in armchair phychology . 
  when he goes to baron cohen he quotes someone who said in short `` baron may or may not possibly maybe have not entirely used methods complicit with absolute accuracy maybe perhaps . '', 
  i regarding the final researcher , the commenters just brings some `` off the top of my head '' refutations to the word of an academic , as if they are valid enough to go up against the professors work . 
  `` how does this even make sense ? 
  i do n't get it . '', 
  is not a refutation . 
  regarding the links he cited , they are jokes . 
  you can tell that by incredibly biased titles :  `` is there neurosexism in functional neuroimaging investigations of sex differences ? '', 
  yes , `` neurosexism '' that one 's sure to be objective . 
   `` sex and power : why sex/gender neuroscience should motivate statistical reform '' oh yeah man , that one reeks of objectiveness and lack of bias . 
   `` genetic-gonadal-genitals sex ( 3g-sex ) and the misconception of brain and gender , or , why 3g-males and 3g-females have intersex brain and intersex gender . '', 
  yep yep yep . 
  not pushing an agenda at all . 
   yet , you dismiss it out of hand , without bothering with the arguments . 
  which makes me think you 're not arguing in good faith and means i 've rapidly lost interest in this apparently pointless conversation . 
  i did n't dismiss it . 
  i read all of it . 
  all the articles linked are hilariously biased from the titles . 
  it 's like if i linked to something called :  `` red pill woke af study not biased no really not biased - by mgtow in collaboration with the redpill '' and said , no yeah really this ^ is completely objective and should be taken seriously . 
  half the voting population is women . 
  women were sexist and refused to vote for women ? 
  why is it that people left behind by quotas are hypothetical but people left behind by meritocracy are real ? 
  regarding society , most of the times whenever someone tried to impose changes by forcing them on the people it did n't go very well , it was either rejected or abandoned later . 
  do trust a quota that forces you to pick 50 % of the parliament to not leave any qualified people behind ? 
  i mean i guess i understand if you want to turn a blind eye to the meritocracy and force equity , but know that it 's not a good idea in the long term . 
   but are you ready to affirm that affirmative action in afghanistan to change mentalities is illegitimate ? 
  it 's not . 
  forcing people to elect women is n't going to change anyone 's mind . 
  to change a society you do it from the button to the top , not from the top to bottom . 
   in one part of the documentary they even say that higher levels of testosterone lead to slower linguistic and social development . 
  yeah . 
  boys , develop a bit slower than girls . 
   empathy is simply the ability to understand what someone else is experiencing , to put yourself in their position , to understand their perspective . 
  you do need that in politics , especially if you want to get elected . 
  it 's not the same as sympathy , i 'm not saying they have to care ( though many of them do , real-world politics is n't just tv show sociopathy ) , but they have to understand people socially . 
  yes , women also want professions that allow them to connect with people in a human level , that 's what it means by empathy . 
  a politician 's job is to pretend to give a crap about you long enough to get elected . 
  he is n't going to connect with you , he 's going to forget your name after you leave his sight . 
  a teacher or a nurse will spend a long time interaction with people and knowing them on a human level . 
   sorry , here . 
  okay , i ca n't believe i sat through all that . 
  this says nothing about the documentary . 
  it 's just dismissing every single point for little or no reason and calls every single researcher in the documentary a moron because it does n't like what they have to say . 
  it 's the least country like country that 's still a country . 
   the fact that they have laws that protect access for women to the parliament could be considered a proof that they care more about women representation in parliament than waiting people to stop being bigotted . 
  that seems to be a pretty big deal regardless . 
  it 's bigotry to want the best to lead the country instead of the ones who got in by a pitty quota ? 
   furthermore , france has the same legal requirement as tunisia yet they ended up with less female representatives . 
  i thought france only had a tax . 
  it really does n't sound good when an islamist party elects more female representatives than french conservatives under similar conditions . 
  why does n't it sound good ? 
  it 's not a pitty party , it 's about who 's the best for the job . 
  while funny it does n't actually mean anything . 
  i found the black knight one far more spot on . 
   strategizing and calculating about people , about leverage over people , about their personalities , about how you can convince them about something . 
  even if you take the ( exaggerated , do you get your understanding of politics just from tv shows ? ), 
  cynical approach , is n't that exactly the stereotype about women , how they compete and undermine each other subtly , through words and petty politicking , while men just go directly to physical conflict ? 
  politics are the most apathetic profession you could possibly take up after undertaker . 
  you deal with people , but not in an empathetic way . 
  the goal is to move forward and step on as many people in the way as possible . 
  women tend to prefer more emphatic professions where they can actually connect with people in a human way , like teacher or nurse , where you actually spend heart to heart time with people . 
  your link is broken . 
  that and the tax that is imposed on parties if they do n't have same amount of men and women . 
  the reason those countries have more women than france or the us is because laws force them to do it . 
  i did my best to try and dig up some info , explaining why the proportions are like that . 
  tunisia has quota laws forcing 50-50 men and women in parties . 
  sudan has 128 out of 213 seats reserved for women . 
  and afghanistan has by constitutional law has 68 seats reserved for women out of either 352 , 250 or 102 , could n't exactly make out what it meant , something to do with provinces . 
  i could n't find any info about senegal , as in , any info at all , there 's very little information about it on the internet .
