  i ca n't tell if you 're troll or if you really managed to miss an incredibly simple point that hard . 
  i 'm honestly leaning toward troll , nobody actually has that horrible of a reading comprehension . 
  polan master race confirmed, 
   child chooses to wear a particular item of clothing = child not endangering his health and expressing his feelings [ yeah , this kid is definently turning out perfectly healthy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2zem9ilpbc ), 
  pretty shitty beggining . 
  jesus , take the wheel . 
  carlos , take the stereo and i 'll take lookout . 
  arslanoglou sounds , or at least reads like , greek . 
  can i ask something ? 
  what stops a terrorist from ingesting explosives and bringing them onto the plane that way ? 
  i thought it was koorg-gze-szagkt . 
  * laughs in european *, 
  yeah , but who wants to be the party of porn ? 
   adl the adl declared pepe was a hate symbol equal to the swastika . 
  i would n't take anything they say seriously anymore . 
  that the best analogy for what i said basically . 
  unemployment benefits do n't last forever in greece . 
  you got a limited ammout of time to find a new job on your own and after that time is up you stop getting money irregardless if you got a job or not . 
   last time i checked unemployment was still close to 30 % it 's more . 
  it does n't count people who who were never able to find a job to begin with ( freshly graduated students , ect ) and a lot of people just give up and do n't even bother registering as unemployed . 
   \u00fe what 's this ? 
  what i meant , was , do you really want to bring up greece as an example of a country that voted left and turned out really well ? 
  i was referring more to the fact that `` joining the likes of greece '' is something that is generally to be avoided . 
  is n't it a bad sign that they are growing instead of shrinking ? 
  unless macron is a miraculous president , it 's an indication that it the next 1 to 2 elections they 'll win . 
  i mean ... did you really want to add greece to that list ? 
   65 % is not a victory how much did the fn get last election ? 
  more or less than it did now ? 
  because , well , it 's not a victory unless it 's shrinking instead of growing . 
  how much did the fn get in the last election ? 
  why duck ? 
  usually it 's something relating to the colour orange . 
  edit : oh i get it now , donald duck . 
  what does canard mean ? 
  i wish you could collect nazi memorabilia without being automatically labeled a nazi . 
  they had a really good sense of fashion and design , i can see why would a non-nazi want to collect their memorabilia . 
  from your reply i can conclude that yes , you would in fact like some cheese to go with the smell of your own farts . 
  how ? 
  seriously ? 
  `` they said the holocause did n't happen fucking pieces of shit ! '', 
  - gets asked for proof . - `` oh my bad , it was n't them . '', 
  would you like some cheese alongside this wine bottle filled with your own farts ? 
  it 's vult . 
  that sounds quite familiar . 
  nobody ever tried it though . 
   `` racebaiting '' is not a word that anyone besides alt-right trolls seriously uses , i think . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm pretty sure racebaiting is a word used to define when someone uses race to bait people . 
   and if that 's your point , then you made an entirely irrelevant answer to the parent comment . 
  i do n't mean that in a condescending way , but it 's really not relevant as to whether or not the same was done to dear white people ( which it was ) . 
  so why reply with something that can only function to derail the conversation and is at the core a not only unrelated accusation it 's not though . 
  it was about the trailer . 
  the person was talking about the trailer and i replied with a comment about how the opposite trailer would be received . 
   ( since you have not watched the show i 'm not talking about the fucking show , i 'm talking about the trailer , how many times does this need to be said ? 
  why was this even allowed/tolerated ? 
  it seems like an overwhelmingly massive loophole . 
  what exactly was going on with gibraltar ? 
  i know it 's a small area on the edge of spain that belongs to the uk , but how would it function as a tax haven ? 
  i know this is serious , but all the news about trump have completely desensitized and boiled down the concept of white supremacy and nazism that i unintentionally can not take any claims about politicians being nazis seriously anymore . 
  i mean for fucks sake , i read some news before the election where holocaust survivors were warning against voting trump because he is `` hitler '' , same with holocaust museums calling him a fascist and a white supremacist . 
  these assholes have desensitized and watered down the word so much that 's it meaningless now regardless of how valid it may or may not be . 
  it 's a miracle . 
  no , my point was that racebaiting for attention is bad . 
  no , my point was that racebaiting for attention is bad . 
  someone post that picture of a porn cover with nigel farage and theresa may 's faces photoshoped in . 
  edit : [ got it . 
  if it was n't already obvious the un is a joke , the saudi arabia women 's right debackle basically seals it . 
  i read that in bane 's voice . 
  i 'm not talking about the series though . 
  this reminds me of the time trump was getting accused of plagiarizibg a speech from batman 's bane . 
   is this even about europe ? 
  someone call a burn center , this turkey just got roasted . 
  you have n't seen the trailer ? 
   irregardless is a word commonly used in place of regardless or irrespective , which has caused controversy since the early twentieth century , though the word appeared in print as early as 1795 . 
  most dictionaries list it as nonstandard or incorrect usage , and recommend that `` regardless '' should be used instead . 
  til, 
  i thought it was just a state/province of spain . 
  i 'm talking about the first one you linked not the second . 
  i do n't see how the second one shows her as being wrong purely from the trailer alone . 
  all it is , is her judging white people for being racist while white people do blackface in the backround . 
  edit : added `` the backround '' part . 
  irregardless of the content of the series , the trailer was racebaiting and intentionally trying to offend white people to stir up controversy for views . 
  i must have been confusing it with something else then , i do n't remember the english words for statistics . 
  holy shit , imagine what would happen if a `` dear black people '' came out with the narrator being a blue eyed blond guy narrating with : `` yeah , dear black people , would you please stop doing so many drugs and committing so many crimes kthnx '' . 
  over images of black people in a ghetto committing crimes . 
  i would say the world would blow up , but i do n't think there 's an adequate reaction to describe the magnitude of the reaction . 
  how is the median 10 here ? 
  can we please not turn into r/politics and start blaming everything on russia ? 
  they are already pathetic enough blaming russia at every turn for their loss , we 're better than to assume everything is perfect and the only reason things go bad is `` muh russia '' . 
  copypasting this from another thread because i believe it 's relevant :  yeah it 's not like people were sick of the establishment , it 's not like people were suffering and in despair an outsider was their only hope of shacking things up . 
   no , they were all uneducated sexists , racists , redneck hillbilly hicks who did n't vote for clinton because she was a woman . 
   when i see people say shit like this i want le ' pen to win just to spite them . 
   populists do n't pop up and acquire power because `` le dumb idiot hicks vote for them '' . 
   they pop up and acquire power because the establishment fucks up so spectacularly that people get so fed up they will take anything over it . 
   when a populist gains power , it 's not time to wonder what is wrong with the people who vote for him . 
   it 's time to wonder how the did the establishment managed to fuck up so badly that people would find him preferable over them and trying to fix it . 
  it 's a time for self reflection . 
   populists are in 99.999 % of cases , nearly always a fault of the establishment and nobody else . 
  tl ; dr the only one to blame for the rise of populism and the potential election of le ` pen is the establishment , it 's not russia , it 's not hackers or trolls , populism and the `` alt right '' are rising and gaining power because the establishment has failed the people and they are desperate .
