  they were . 
  they were rebelling against an occupant in a monarchy . 
  there is no monarchy/oppresion here . 
  it 's a democracy and they 're beating people up because they do n't like their ideas . 
   as far as i can understand , the goal is to make them retreat from the public sphere ( stop the spread of their rhetoric ) , and make them afraid of committing even more attacks on immigrants because they know immediate retribution is on the cards ( chilling effects that are more effective than the legal threat ) . 
  whether that 's a good approach or not , it 's up for debate . 
  we know of historical occasions when that worked . 
  so , they are trying to silence them by using violence . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  i 'm all for them patrolling immigrant areas and protecting immigrants from golden dawn once they start acting out of hand . 
  but going out to the headquarters and wrecking the place , i can not condone . 
  no , i 'm not going to shed a tear because gd got firebombed and i 'll probably cheer next time it happens , but i can not think `` yep . 
  that 's the morally justifiable and correct thing to do . 
  it 's not justified . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  i 'm not going to shed a tear about gd having their headquarters destroyed and if i knew who did it i 'd probably keep my mouth shut . 
  but i 'm not going to pretend that it 's the morally justified thing to do just because i do n't like gd . 
  what exactly is violence against golden dawn trying to accomplish ? 
  separate from the state of golden dawnia and form an independent sovereign territory ? 
  fighting for freedom and independence while under occupation by a caliphate is not the same as doing violence against a party you do n't like in a democracy . 
  not really . 
  the greeks were under occupation and fought because they wanted to separate from the ottomans and form a free independent sovereign state . 
  that is significantly different than going out and doing violence against people who you disagree with in a democracy . 
  the greeks were under occupation and fought because they wanted to separate from the ottomans and form a free independent sovereign state . 
  not because they `` disagreed '' with the ottomans . 
  the two things are not even remotely comparable . 
  it 's supposed to be meander . 
  police and armed forces are not civilians beating people up and destroying property because they disagree with them . 
  i mean , political violence is bad and all , but unlike trump these are actual fascists who go out , beat up immigrants and occasionally attack opposition . 
  they also have a swastiga-like symbol representing them . 
  ( it 's actually a meander , but they 've cut it out and placed in front of a red backround with a white border ) however it 's still a very complicated sitiuation and i do n't think vigilantism in the name of politics will in any way help improve things . 
  violence and vigilantism rarely , if ever , helped anything and usually only lead to a downwards spiral making things worse . 
  hm , i guess that 's it . 
  i had th as in \u03b8 in my mind when i was thinking of `` th '' . 
  english is so wonderful is n't it ? 
  racists , obviously . 
  now i 'm curious , is it actually possible to properly pronounce delta ( \u0394\u03b4 ) in english using any combination of letters ? 
  i seriously can not think of any word or combination of letters that produces that sound . 
   each letter makes the sound of the beginning of its name ( \u0391 = alpha = a , \u0392 = vita = v etc ) except iota , which is actually giota . 
  which is pronounced yota . 
  by the way , unrelated , does english have any way to properly pronounce delta ? 
  i ca n't think of any word where it 's actually pronounced like in greek . 
  ok , let 's see people of color : * implies all non-whites are the same . 
  * separates humans and culture into `` whites '' and `` everyone else '' . 
  * implies that white is the default state of humanity and everyone else is just colored in . 
  on the other hand , nigger : * was a slur directed toward slaves 150 years ago . 
   although not renting to x group due to their customs is nothing new . 
  is somebody out there renting to gypsies ? 
  we had gypsies get into the barn at my uncle 's farm one summer . 
  did n't realise till it was almost time to go to market and by that point it was pretty bad . 
  we had to use a compressor to create a vacuum and blow them out the front door . 
  course by that time they 'd really done a number on the wooden support beams . 
  pulped them to make their nests , do n't you know . 
  vibrant culture though , great accordion music . 
  7/10 , not for everyone . 
  gain o levels or 0 levels ? 
  people of color . 
  because as we all know : 1 . ), 
  there are 2 kinds of people . 
  whites ( people ) , and everyone else . 
  ( of color ) 2 . ), 
  the default state for a human is white . 
  everyone else is just colored in with a sharpie . 
  i 've never heard of a more racist term than `` people of color '' . 
  is this the map of who they are selling the most to , or who they are buying the most from ? 
  come on london !, 
  you can do it too , everyone loves city states . 
  what sparked the protests ? 
  what sparked the protests ? 
  out of the loop , why are russians rioting ? 
  your entire comment is one long way of saying `` you 're wrong , but i wo n't say why . '', 
  do you have a coherent reason to explain or not ? 
  because you know , if you want to bring up harvard we can speak about claudia goldin . 
  a harvard economics professor who has also spoken on the `` wage gap '' . 
  the `` wage gap '' has been debunked multiple times . 
  simple reasoning can be used to debunk it . 
  it 's illegal across the civilized world . 
  but people still feel the need to lie about it because `` muh oppreshun '' i guess . 
  the only thing remotely close is a total earnings gap . 
  and that has nothing to do with discrimination and everything to do with personal choices . 
  so no . 
  there is no wage gap . 
  i mean in other news we have robots strolling around mars which we are atm planning to colonize , also we 're working on creating artificial intelligence ,  and yet our period-pain solutions are on the level of `` have you tried turning it on and off ? '', 
  this a genuinely insanely stupid thing to say/comparison to make . 
  the human body is significantly more fragile and complicated than a robot . 
  `` educate yourself , because i wo n't bother to . '', 
  if a wage gap existed empoyers would n't hire any men at all in order to save money . 
  incest . 
  what country are you from ? 
  greece and portugal basically got participation trophies . 
  in latvia , the potato is thought to be sacred , or deeply respected . 
  latvians do not worship potatos , although they are held in high esteem . 
  the reason has to do with the potatoes agricultural uses and gentle nature . 
  latvians rely heavily on potatoes for dairy products , for tilling fields , and for dung as a source of fuel and fertilizer . 
  so , the potato is seen as a ` caretaker ' or maternal figure . 
  one latvian goddess is usually shown in the form of a potato : bhoomi ( \u09ad\u09c2\u09ae\u09bf ) . 
  she represents the earth . 
  most latvians respect the potato for her gentle nature . 
  this represents the main teaching of latvianism , which is do no harm to a potato ( ahimsa ) . 
  the potato also represents butter ( ghee ) and strength .
