  we do n't . 
  we allow everyone who wants to participate to participate , and we let the electorate which is 50 % -50 % split between men and women to decide who they want based on who is best . 
  what we 're against is forced equity that throws that out of the window and tries to shoehorn everything into 50-50 disregarding who would do the job best . 
   that 's why we need parity in the parliament . 
  because by choosing who is in it , we decide how the power is distributed among society , and thinking that male or female values should inherently dominate is against the egalitarian principles our society is based on . 
  the thing is , we 're not against parity . 
  we 're against forced equity . 
  and again , i do n't understand , why do you think men and women are unable to pass laws for each other ? 
  yes , the most important part of the video is when they consult harvard professor simon baron cohen , and his studies on the brains and behavior of men and women , the most interesting part is on his studies on newborn day old boys and children who even without any societal influence exibit different behavior . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) documentary makes sure to cover biological and sociological factors . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ), 
  you must think pretty lowly of women if you do n't believe they can respresent you . 
  inferior in what way ? 
  proffesor simon baron cohen did a study on childrebn less than a day old to eliminate the factor of learned behaviour . 
  i linked you the documentary on the other comment . 
  there 's a documentary called the gendrt equlity paradox which debunks the idea that it 's society 's fault , want a link ? 
  that is the skill you need . 
  putting fines forcing you to nominate more of one gender than the other however , skews that . 
  sure , here is the [ documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) , it has many episodes , this is a good start . 
  there are a couple of studies cited in it , if you want to look up the most important ones , look up simon baron cohen , a proffesor at oxford who did extensive studies on the subject even on children less than a day old . 
  he published a book about his findings called the essentiall difference which is available on amazon . 
   sweden , arguably the most gender equal country in the world , women go way more for positions of power and politics ? 
  are their brains different too ? 
  could have to do with the fact that sweeden also has a massive feminist movement which is essentially trying to force equity . 
  can you show me the studies that say men and womena brains are the same ? 
   i would n't feel represented by an assembly that features 75 % of women . 
  i hate to break it to you , but you 're sexist . 
  or maybe they are less intrested because biologically men and women brains are different which makes them pursue different professions . 
  have you considered that they are male dominated because women do n't care about those porffessions ? 
  how did you make this massive leap in logic ? 
  there is no discrimination . 
  men and women have different brains and naturally pursue different things in life . 
  yeah , the bug is called men and women arw biologically different and pursue different things in life . 
  have you considered the fact that male and female brains are different and hence men go for different jobs than women ? 
  you know there was a documentary on this called the gender equallity paradox . 
  they consulted a bunch of experts and various studies and came to the conclusion that women simply preffer different things in life due to biology . 
  have you ever watched the norwegian gender equality paradox ? 
  but are they the most skilled for the job ? 
  why was it weird ? 
  men and women are intrested in different jobs . 
  `` mortal support '' what a joke . 
  people there do n't need moral support in form of wasteful flamboyant sex parades , they need actual activism . 
  the analogy shows how useless your `` moral support '' is . 
  just like having a buffet to show solidarity to the children of africa is useless in accomplishing anything . 
   i 'm very happy for you , it means you have n't suffer in life . 
  great for you . 
  this is an incredibly ironic statement coming from you . 
  you think people who are suffering in life want someone on the other end of the planet to waste money time and effort having a sex parade to show `` solidarity '' with them ? 
  are they actual neo-nazis or are they neo-nazis in the same way liberals call trump a nazi ? 
  you got to specify these things . 
  i 'm pretty sure she sabotaged her own party on purpose . 
  i know children in africa do n't have anything to eat , so we 're going to throw a massive buffet to show them that people who are proud to eat exist . 
  to tell those ca n't eat , `` we eat for you , to tell you you 're not alone '' . 
  it 's very important to show they are not alone in the world . 
  he 's looking for a better , not worse place . 
   we wuz kangs holy shit , there never was a more fitting use for the meme . 
  regardless of where you stand on , a soft brexit is undemocratic . 
  people voted and wanted a hard brexit for an independant uk , sliding over to the european economic zone to.technically honor the agreement without actually doing what the people wanted instead is a fuck you to democracy . 
  nigel farage is a real life cartoon . 
  possibly from family guy . 
  offending peole hould not be a crime in any same society . 
  and by the way i can burn mein kampf to critisize nazism . 
  should i be arrested because neonazis got offended ? 
   certainly there are other ways to express your distaste for a particular religion . 
  muslims in the quran expressed their distaste for judaism by slaughtering jews . 
  is that better than book burning, 
  i got banned from worldnews without warning for saying muslims stone , behead , slow-hang and throw people off roofs in a thread about chechnya 's gay concentration camps . 
  reason cited was racism , trolling and memes . 
  is burning mein kampf a dick move toward nazis ? 
  were ' t some people arrested for playing a rucka rucka ali song making fun of osama bin laden ? 
  oh well , terrorists are sriking every week and muslims on the streets are chanting fuck the uk and uk go to hell , but this is what police resources should go to , this is the true threat to society obviously . 
  is this why 99 % of gay pride parades happen in countries where homosexuallity is legal and most of the time gays are allowed to marry/get civil unions ? 
  yeah that 's going to accomplish ... 
  absolutely nothing except waste time and money . 
  how about a gay pride parade in the middle east . 
  in saudi arabia , in quatar . 
  countries with no gay rights ? 
  gay pride parades in countries where gays can marry and homosexuallity is legal are nothing but feelgood exercises . 
   plus i find the gay prides useless waste of money since it wont make people accept them ... they just have different values and perceptions of what is normal . 
  i do agree on this part , pride parades do n't convince anyone and only serve to perpetuate stereotypes while annoying neutral people who think the overexagguration and floundering of gay sexuality in their faces for the parades is annoying . 
   no , it 's not . 
  yes , it is . 
   normally , people say something sane , for example `` people deserve equal rights regardless of race , religion or gender '' and then some crazy conservative accuses them of virtue signalling . 
  except , no , they do n't . 
   or someone states an opinion of something that happens to be progressive , then conservatives say they 're virtue signalling . 
  no , they do n't . 
  if you 're being sane nobody will say you 're virtue signalling . 
  if you 're jerking off to your moral superiority then people will say you 're virtue signaling . 
  there is an overwhelmingly massive difference between equality and forced equity . 
  do people just feel that much better knowing the cameraman is from the midlands instead of london ? 
  so , then , why is there a quota ? 
  if these people are better at it like you say , naturally via meritocracy they will be hired . 
  please , do n't dodge the question . 
  would you rather hire an anthropologist who has studied the group or a member of the group ? 
  fine , but can you answer a question you did n't before ? 
  if you wanted to make a documentary about an amazon tribe , would you hire a tribesperson from that tribe , or an anthropologist who has studied that tribe for most of his life ? 
  which circles us back to the begging , of representing the nation cutting into hiring people better qualified who will produce better content for said nation . 
  here 's the thing .
