  the potato is honored in society , and many latvians do not eat chips ( french fries ) . 
  potato consumption is more prevalent among latvians in the larger latvian subcontinent , for example , tamil latvia in latvysia . 
  in the majority of latvian states it is illegal to eat or possess potato . 
  other than the europa and fyrom one , what others were there ? 
  wait , what ? 
   `` money exists '' that 's a litteral word for word direct quote by the way . 
  nobody likes it when their history is being stolen . 
  except maybe the germans . 
  right , meanwhile the thousands of articles calling him litterally worse than hitler and auschwitz put toogether can be brushed off to the side . 
  break your bubble . 
  dude , you ca n't be serious ? 
  what i mean by smear campaing is what you 'll see if you read a couple of articles from left leaning sites . 
  appart from constantly calling him a nazi and a facist , there is the constant addition to the articles `` why you should be scared , why it 's scary , why it 's horrible , why trump will start ww3 . '', 
  there 's been a nonstop attempt to demonize litterally everything he does and protray him as some sort of boogeyman . 
  if you can not see the smear campaign no mater which side you 're on your bias has overtaken your common sense . 
   as a person , he 's a racist , sexist , obnoxious , self-obsessed , thin-skinned asshole how is he racist and sexist ? 
   you lost by 3 fucking million votes but still got the job too bad the winner was n't determined by popular votes . 
   even if we take him at his word that it is n't racist ( which we should n't , given how many times he has called for a muslim ban in the past ) , muslims are n't a race . 
   nd his general attempts to undermine democracy and free press . 
  that 's because the `` free press '' is trying to undermine him . 
   oh , and the ever-mounting pile of evidence of at least some level of collusion with the russians . 
  put up or shut up . 
  for 4 months since he won , the left has been bitching about russia nonstop with the only actual proof they have being [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gnquecw.gifv ) . 
  the `` obama is a muslim from kenya '' conspiracies hold more credibillity than the trump russia ones . 
  are you saying there have been no smear attemps from the left ? 
  what is the pun in waffel ss ? 
  the nonstop smear campaign by the left sure has n't helped people make an objective descision . 
  i 'd love to see what people have to think about trump 's actions without having their judgement clouded first . 
  i read that as australian in the title and i was wondering why was the picture in german . 
  it 's a mystery if the posters were by pro brexit or anti brexit people . 
  pretty sure this map is wrong . 
  it includes japan . 
   true , you just said that it was n't a relevant response to your bs crying about fanaticism , because it was `` just one '' . 
  read up the chain . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  the chain is about which side as a whole is more fanatic . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  edit : i think i get what you mean now . 
  read my entire bloody comment instewd of the first sentence . 
  i want to get news , but i do n't want this sub to turn into a feelgood `` our side is right on everything , look these news stories validating our side '' echo chamber like the pool of stale cum r/politics has turned into from all the circlejerking . 
  is there more nuance to these stories about brexit we 're seeing ? 
  are they truths of half truths ? 
  where are the stories about the benefits and how england/the uk has benefited ? 
  surely , such a large complicated political move must have effects that are both good and bad , politics is n't black and white after all . 
  i just feel like ignoring reality even when it shows us wrong will only push us into a bubble . 
  i want to know how brexit has affected the uk . 
  but everyone is so polarized there are no neutral sources anymore . 
  anti brexit sources portray the uk as a fallout style wasteland while pro brexit sources portray the uk as vault city/vault 8 among a nuclear wasteland that they claim the eu is . 
  how ironic would that be ? 
  read the chain or stop playing stupid . 
  i have not a single time said that killing muslims is a good idea . 
  this is a discussion about which side as a whole is more fanatic . 
  for fucks sake , it ' e not even a long chain . 
  and that 's why people make fun of english . 
  why not ? 
  yea , and technically speaking [ ghoti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghoti ) is a valid way to spell fish . 
  sub saharan africans master race confirmed . 
  really ? 
  people misspell it as seig ? 
  all you got ta do is phonetically spell it out to get it right . 
  read up the chain . 
  seriously , it 's not hard . 
  what did he say ? 
   false equivalence . 
  i 'm glad to know you 're more concerned about property damage than 6 murder victims of a self-proclaimed trumpist terrorist . 
  die you read the original comment or did you skip to the end of the chain ? 
  this is a disussion about which side is more fanatic . 
  1 person doing something nobody on that side approved < holding multiple mass riots accross cities destroying property and beating people up like , yes . 
  people dying is bad . 
  but is n't all we keep hearing `` do n't judge a side based on isolated incidents commited by a single person '' ? 
  we 're measuring which side as a whole is more fanatic . 
  riots ca n't happen without a lot of people sharing the same objective and ideology . 
  on the other hand everyone can grab a weapon and go do an isolated act . 
   did trump and bannon distance themselves from that btw ? 
  no , i 'm pretty sure the very next day trump went out and said : `` lol gj fam , thank for killing these ragheads keep the good work up '' while bannon said : `` thanks for speeding up our final solution of wiping all muslims off the face of the earth . 
  would you rather a girl lets you grab or would you rather a girl doese n't let you grab her ? 
  that was decried by the right . 
  on the other hand you got just about 20 or so riots where people got beat up and property got destroyed endorsed by a large part of the left . 
   unlike the president , please make sure you have the girl 's consent before going for it he said they let you do it . 
  check the link of the person i replied to . 
  check the link he originally posted to decry the right . 
  i was n't aware he went out and said `` gj fam go out nad fuck more muslims up '', 
  is white catholic or protestant ? 
  yes . 
  6 people did die . 
  and the single person that did it was decried by everyone . 
  again , a single person that nobody supported doing something bad does not make his side the fanatic one . 
  groups of people with massive support rioting and beating people up does . 
   because riots and terrorist acts are comparable you 're talking about who is more fanatic . 
  the left has been rioting destroying property and beating people up regularily since trump . 
  you 're comparing a group of people doing something on a regular basis to one person doing 1 thing a single time . 
   right wing terrorism is just a thing , no big concern here who has destroyed more property since trump won ? 
  the left with it 's constant riots , and antifa which is essentially a terrorist organization at this point , or the right with ... 
  hold on a second wait , the right has n't had any riots . 
   smh try a bit harder , i do n't think your head is quite up far enough to comfortably enjoy the scent of your own gas yet . 
  there 's been multiple riots by large leftist groups composed ot multiple people though . 
  this is just 1 thing commited by 1 person . 
  i read somewhere that calling saint patrick , st. patty instead of paddy triggers irishmen more than calling fyrom macedonia triggers greeks , is it true ? 
  is this army a joke or am i missing something, 
  how big is a troop ?
