   `` it was russian hackers '' has this become the new `` a dog ate my homework '' ? 
   `` is england still in the eu '' i 'll be fair , i searched that yesterday , there 's so much talk about officially pulling out i did n't knew if it had happened or not yet . 
  i heard it was going to happen in may and i was curious . 
  portugese and fyrom-ers must he triggered hard by this . 
  did n't canada just pass blasphemy laws , while also making it a crime to `` misgender '' someone and is now trying to make it legal to take children away from parents if they misgender them ? 
  children excibit gendered behaviour from day one of birth . 
  men and women regardless of nationallity , country or ethnicity , tend to exibit gendered behaviours that seem to be uniform accross the entire globe , . ie women picking different jobs and porffessions than men . 
  even in the most equal of countries women still preffer feminine jobs and still prefer to `` be '' women . 
  so much so that there 's a documentary examining this phenomenon calles the gender equallity paradox . 
  if gender was a social construct , then this would n't be the case . 
  how can you claim gender is a social construct when all evidense points to the contrary though ? 
  gender and sex are both biologically inate characteristics that match each other in 99 % of cases , with the exceptions being metal or genetic disorders . 
  it would n't . 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm lost , what did you mean with your original comment ? 
  yeah , it does , what about it ? 
  why not what ? 
  so , why does in 99 % of cases it ends up falling into 1 of 2 categories that match it 's equivalent sex ? 
  seriously ? 
  not equal enough ? 
  after the documentary examinined everything from every possible angle imaginable even with children less than a day old still going for gendered toys , your answer is `` not equal enough ? '', 
  did you even watch the documentary ? 
  you 're acting like evolutionary psychology is n't a thing . 
  behaviors of humans evolved to accommodate their characteristics . 
  take for example some of the most equalized countries in the world . 
  the nordic countries and their gender paradox . 
  you could say women there are the most equal to men in the entire world . 
  ( you do n't actually have to say it , they are officially categorized as the most equal countries in the world ) and yet , despite that , in those countries , women still prefer traditionally female and feminine jobs . 
  why is that ? 
  they have all the oppotunity freedom and equality in the world to do what they want , and yet they still conform to gender roles and expectations . 
  there 's even a documentary about it called `` the gender equality paradox '' . 
  a couple of episodes from it are on youtube . 
  [ here 's a good start , it 's a very good watch . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) edit : interesting sidenote , this commentary actually caused norway to pull it 's gender studies funding . 
  i thought that 's what they want to be called . 
  greece calls it czechia . 
  i was n't even aware the czech republic was czechia when i first read the name in english . 
  so , why do the 2 sexes exhibit behaviors that biologically make sense for their respective characteristics ? 
  can i ask then , if gender is a social construct , why have gender roles existed since before society and why do gendered behaviors actually correlate with the sexual characteristics of the 2 sexes ? 
  let me guess , you also believe gender is a social construct ? 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufprqqbikb4 ), 
  leaks from the upcoming patch . 
  at first i thought you were referring to schengen by freedom of movement instead of the actual freedom of movement , but the bottom line i 'm making is that there are so many asterisks and exceptions to the eu that [ there 's an entire video dedicated to them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o37yjbfrrfg ), 
  now i am confused , by freedom of movement , you are referring to how moving within the eu from an eu country for work , study or research is easier correct ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  the uk was in the eu and despite that was excluded from schengen switzerland on the other hand , despite not being in the eu was in schengen . 
  what i 'm saying is that the stars in the eu are actually asterisks to the many exceptions in the union . 
  what is this ? 
  the stars in the european flag are n't actually supposed to represent the countries they 're supposed to represent all the asterisks in the multiple agreements/exceptions made to form the union . 
  norway is in the european economic area and the trade association which means that for most intents and purposes they are in the european union , they pay a tax , they trade normally except they do n't get representation because they are not officially eu . 
  i do n't remember if eu laws apply to them , but i think they do . 
  the fins and baltics masterminded global warming confirmed . 
  inb4 futurama references, 
  nigel farage 's face is so animated . 
  well what exactly do you think should be done ? 
  should we just ignore the attack and go on our merry way to avoid `` politicizing '' it ? 
  that 's so islamophobic , the perpetrators were obviously pacifist amish monks from tibet . 
  i thought mein kampf was `` my struggle . '', 
  google translate has struggle with a capital and fight with a noncapital for some reason though . 
  no , i mean the `` laser '' is missing . 
  we can tell it 's quite unbiased and objective . 
  it just says the sun is a deadly . 
  is der spiegel like the daily mail of germany ? 
  really ? 
  i just gained newfound respect for france . 
  bernie would have won . 
  what 's the difference between a cow and 9/11 ? 
  ca n't milk a cow for 16 years . 
  i would like you to cite those . 
  seems like people want to attach as many adjectives they come up with the top of their head when talking regardless of how valid they may or may not be . 
  as if they ever were . 
  we shall fine him under the accusation of wrong-think for 20 karma . 
  i did the same searches in incognito browser and got different results . 
  the funniest one was : `` why is england called igirisu in japanese '', 
   philotimo  big part of greek culture . 
  i mean ... pick one ? 
  i 've never ever seen a priest use a paintroller on the icons before . 
  cia or fbi was planning to create a meme warfare division . 
  the `` greek dream '' basically is becoming a doctor and moving to germany . 
  all i can think of , is : `` the fuck '', 
  seems france is still butthurt over the two world wars . 
  it 's because there are no german names . 
  is n't that vandalism ? 
  what 's with the vatican ? 
  old benny ? 
  why is there an asterisk on russia ? 
  that ayrab moni . 
  oh come on , i bet it was pacifist amish monks from tibet this time . 
  town of vichy ? 
  was n't vichy the government of france during ww2 that helped the germans ? 
  or am i thinking of something else ? 
  i assume it 's supposed to be maga altered in some form but i ca n't tell how . 
  maybe they 're pushed off the mountains . 
  not a muslim ban , he said he would do something about obamacare , syria may or may jot have used chemicals , going to war with north korea will never happen and he said he would want to shake up if not completely kill nafta . 
  nearly all the things you 're complaining about are campaign promises he 's trying to keep . 
  tremp is stoopid poopoohead . 
  now please rub my cock and comment on how intelligent i am for agreeing with the circlejerk . 
   they got as screwed as the muslims who voted for trump and ended up with their own families getting deported [ reminded me of this . 
  can you make it a little more clear ?
