  here is the comment chain :  jesus , we spend a lot of money on defending ourselves . 
  ___  so far it was only used on attacking others . 
  ___  guess that means its really good at deterring potential adversaries , which is the entire point in other news , why are we vaccinating when no one gets sick from these diseases anymore ? 
  ___  which country that the us has invaded is capable of invading it exactly ? 
  i wish i could say the same about you . 
  no , i 'm asking which country that the us has invaded to `` deter potential adversaries '' is even remotely strong enough to invade to the us . 
  is n't vigilante justice illegal by default everywhere ? 
  so , why did you say it was illegal ? 
  which country that the us has invaded is capable of invading it exactly ? 
  has the us army ever actually defended murica 's freedom ? 
  in shows and movies i hear constantly how the brave soldiers defend america 's freedums but as far back as memory goes all they have ever done is invade dirt poor coutries who could n't invade the us if they wanted to . 
  i just asked if people disliked the guy who made the song . 
  i did n't analyse your joke , i asked out of curiocity how famous or infamous the guy is because you implied banning him would make one popular in japan . 
  not only did n't you awnser , you decider to insult instead , would i be wrong to you an asshole ? 
  you made a joke implying banning something would make him popular . 
  was i unreasonable to deduce that said thing is n't popular there ? 
  the person who releases it will get their face on the newspaper ? 
  in islam not a single is given on what the woman wants . 
  she 's forced to wear it regardless . 
   far more outrageous shit than riding a camel . 
  i 'm intruiged . 
  say more . 
  yeah , make him a president if he bans apples and pens , which implies that people do n't like the song or the guy who sang it . 
  from your comment it seeks like people hate him . 
  well yeah , i know , that 's the impressive part . 
  that 's why i added the canada part . 
  yeah , the picture is impressive obviously , it 's just that the flower on it 's own without the environment is n't anything special . 
  for someone who can do the math , if we used sweden 's rape statistics and evenly distributed rapes across the entire population , what % of the population would have been raped ? 
  it was a joke . 
  eh , i mean , it 's a pretty picture , but the flower is n't all that impressive . 
  people like these make wonder whether or not there should be a limit to free speech . 
  i thought germany was n't allowed to have an army bigger than canada 's after world war 2 . 
  i dunno know , i 'd want him as a hero . 
  it 's not just about being a fruit , it 's about having shit taste mate . 
  he 's not very popular in japan ? 
  i can hear the screeching of italians who read that flair all the way to greece . 
  5 % of iceland 's entire population is subscribed to their sub ? 
  huh . 
  fucking hell , i remember watching this a long ago , it was fantastic and the animation was so energetic and unique . 
  i 've been looking for it ever since . 
  i still got all the dvds of the original and the one about the human body , but i never saw the third one . 
  pretty sure pretty much everyone in europe has heard of them by now . 
  lucky luke as well . 
  well , it 's already called czechia in greece . 
  to be frank , for a short time i thought czechia and the czech republic were different countries because nobody ever refers to it as the czech republic here . 
  there 's something delightfully ironic about being arrested for looking the wrong way in the name of fighting fascism . 
  i know hitler was/wanted to he a painter , but what dies this have to do with the lookalike . 
  they really filmed the movie there ? 
  the picture they used for portugal reminds me a lot of the opening scene from pirates of the carribean . 
  tell me as well if you find it , i 'm intrested . 
  it already did in the us . 
  taiwanese animators are the shit . 
  when did mexico join the eu ? 
  you ruin the joke with the / s tag . 
  no i mean , the rest of hair face is out of focus while the eyes and mouth are crispy clear . 
  i do n't know why but that picture creeps me the fuck out . 
  i figured that , but i thought it was a bit far fetched . 
  should have doubled down on the original guess . 
  does this sub have a history i 'm unaware of ? 
  someone call r/nottheonion . 
  it 's not just a name , it 's all the history and historical figures that accompanies it as well . 
  it 's not not just a mater of the letters randomly happening to be the same . 
  to put it in a simpler way , it 's not about claiming to be a macedonia , it 's about claiming to be the macedonia . 
  well yes , it 's a naming dispute between 2 countries , i do n't see why would anyone not involved care . 
  tl ; dr a greek province where alexander the great was supposedly born called macedonia is located directly under fyrom , the dispute is mostly over the name and slightly about his birthplace . 
  skopia will do . 
  try throwing boiled water off a roof , see if it turns to snow on the way down . 
   macedonia [ mrw ] ( https://i.imgur.com/dnvvntx.gif?noredirect ), 
  the new shadow warrior games are also pretty good . 
  who is black pete ? 
  it 's poseidon godamn it . 
  why are all these maps calling france atheist ? 
  is the atheist population really that high ? 
  knockabouts ? 
  it 's a joke referencing how apeshit the american media went over the supposed hacks . 
  why does the media call them isil and not isis ? 
  russia will hack her to death . 
  what , does greece not exist ? 
  must be all that militant radical amish extremism we keep hearing so much about . 
  irish is a language that people still speak ? 
  `` transgender children '' `` children '' how many of these do you people think are normal children that got brainwashed into thinking they are transgender by identify politics ? 
  i mean . 
  there are so many ways to say this , that i sat staring at my screen for a good 5 minutes , trying to think of the best one . 
  but fuck it , i 'll just say it normally . 
  hillary cheated in the primaries , and she had the entire media working against trump . 
  brexit is a can of worms i do n't want to open . 
  playing by the rules is the last flaw the left has . 
  sick burn . 
  why does the british government have such a hate boner for porn ? 
  `` workers party of social justice '' . 
  i mean , i get what the name is supposed to stand for , but i still find it funny . 
  excuse me . 
  what the fuck . 
  i 'm honestly surprised greece is this high . 
  eh , it 's not an immediate association , but i see what you mean . 
  what do you mean ? 
  abortion is n't legal in cyprus ? 
  i had no idea . - . 
  huh ? 
  a log with a mole .
