  i approve of this . 
  what are the netherlands supposed to be ? 
  so you try again and your retarded system fails , but that 's okay because it was n't real socialism . 
  world history is basically europe pulling a bunch of dick moves on the rest of the world . 
  greece looks like a starved african child . 
  what do you mean by geolocaized ? 
  honor killings are an actual thing that happens in germany though , it was n't an exaggeration . 
  what makes you think they wo n't do it to their children though ? 
  they come for a better life but they do n't seem content on dropping the burka . 
  even germany has had waves of honor killings . 
  is n't london one of the cities with the highest female genital mutilation numbers across europe now ? 
  right . 
  then it will be replaced by honor killings of humans instead of animals . 
  much better . 
  doese n't link to non europe though . 
  i 'm asking to clarify what you said , you do n't have to act like a child about it . 
  any article that ends in a question can always be awnsered with `` no '' . 
  betteridge 's law of headlines . 
  you said break the hands of the doctor for being unislamic . 
  that implies muslims do it to the doctor . 
  they break his hands for doing fgm despite it being an islamic thing ? 
  `` we wuz kangs 'n sheit '', 
  can you rephrase that ? 
  holy shit , i just realized this is where the kekistan map is . 
  is your flag a fidget spinner with 4 sides ? 
  what does the line , the stripped areas , the gray area and the dark green mean ? 
  i assume germanophone means , well , germanophone . 
  but it doese n't make sense in the context it 's presented in . 
  the sea is germanophone ? 
  immigrants were using these to sneak in ? 
  luftmatratzen gave me no results in english , what is it ? 
  also , why is the italian one shorter ? 
  and it survive ls the smelting proccess ? 
  i ca n't tell which game this is . 
  i see some guild wars 2 and shadow warrior 2 , maybe some witcher ? 
  it 's pictures of manholes . 
  i ca n't navigate this map for shit . 
  pretty sure panama holds the record , not greece . 
  how are deserts done differently in japan ? 
  i want to hear more about this . 
  sorry , not witches , [ incarnation of satan instead . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pope_gregory_ix#demonization_of_cats ), 
  if it was n't before it is [ now . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/6mujau/history_of_the_jewish_people/ ), 
  i mean , that 's what happens when you loan someone money with intrest . 
  i am not talking about a choice . 
  i mean what happens if you get trapped . 
  what happens if you 're in it while it closes ? 
  what the fuck, 
  i 'm not talking about the current pope , i 'm talking about the pope of the time . 
  you mean pessimism ? 
  fun trivia . 
  the pope thought that witches were bad and that cats were associated with witches , so he condemned cats and people were getting rid of them them like there was a bounty on their head . 
  the result was that less cats , meant more rats and more rats meant that the plague spread a lot easier and a lot faster than it otherwise would have . 
  so , the solution to today 's problems is simple . 
  we need another plague . 
  jews ( fake white people ) , were a race that originated deep underground . 
  jews had mystical powers , and very high iq . 
  they drilled out of the surface 10,000 years ago , and lived among humans . 
  they scammed their way to the top of society , and isolated themselves from their enemies . 
  jesus , the rebellious jew , taught love and peace , and rejected jewishness . 
  he used his mystical jew magic channeled from god himself to perform miracles . 
  new jews became christains , and old jews stayed jews . 
  they have no ideology except to get to the top of society , which they failed , as the reptilians have already surpassed them , so they used reptilians , like obama and hillary to become president and use them for their own purposes . 
  they failed that too , and now a toadman ( trump ) is president . 
  toadmen are a species that also originated deep underground like jews . 
  the jews were enemies with the toadmen , and that is why jews , hate trump . 
  trump 's real name is drumpf , a common toadman last name . 
  jews called him that to try to expose him as a toadman , but no one else besides the jews know about toadmen . 
  why is bruges green ? 
  the only toilet in the entire country . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/hippopotamus_-_04.jpg/1200px-hippopotamus_-_04.jpg ), 
  customs workers ? 
  funny , but how much does it cost to buy one of these in the first place ? 
  you could just give that money as a tip instead . 
  you can trade this for 20 gold ? 
  where is that from ? 
  yay , more pointless self-masturbatory virtue signaling for the sake of feelgood ^ tm . 
  how about a gay pride parade in saudi arabia ? 
  in quatar ? 
  in the united arab emirates ? 
  oh but i forgot , gay pride has nothing to do with rights and everything to do with brownie points . 
  so , is putin a mediocre agent or not ? 
  source ? 
  this is false ? 
  so , iceland has 135 prisoners total ? 
  yeah makes sense , hellas is the official name in greece . 
  what is this then ? 
  are they saluting towards hitler ? 
  wo n't making it legal allow it to get regulated which means it will be harder to find access to `` spiked '' batches ? 
   what kind of reasoning is that to legalize it ? 
  why is it not reasoning to legalize it exactly ? 
  it brings money and harms nobody . 
   t states : `` the european union brings together 27 countries of europe in economic and political terms , in order to avoid wars and to defend democracy , human rights , prosperity and peace more effectively . ''  the guide also claims that `` numerous other countries in europe want to join '' and observes that `` institutions and treaties must be adapted in view of this enlargement . ''  it continues : `` every day , the european union allows all its nationals to study , travel , live and work in the country of their choice amongst the member states , all this without the need for passports or borders . '' the way that article reads i imagine it being typed by someone with a raging hardon masturbating while chanting `` yurop yurop yurop '' as he is writing the article . 
   health problems that 's wrong though . 
  marijuana is one of the least harmful `` drugs '' in existence . 
  it causes no problems in the lungs and the `` concentration problems '' are only there while you 're high , it also is n't addictive . 
  litterally not a single thing you said is correct . 
  i thought northern ireland was just part of england , how can it have a seperate ruling ? 
  actually it 's just `` worst year '' nothing else .
