  yes . 
  that 's because how politics naturally work . 
  that 's not the work of the `` patriarchy '' , we did n't design it , it naturally fell into place . 
  what do you want ? 
  an anarcho-communist society ? 
  like , how do you imagine a politics system that is n't rational with debates and arguements ? 
   either rwandan women have the same biological interests as other women , in which case it does n't matter what quotas are in place , we should n't expect much over the quota . 
  or your biological argument is garbage . 
  did you miss the part about the genocide that wiped out most of the male population ? 
   and then accused me of dishonesty . 
  yeah nice one . 
  twice so far you 've ignore the genocide that wiped out most men . 
   fuck your accusations of dishonesty . 
  dude , you fucking are dishonest . 
  said `` what about rwanda '' completely ignoring that there 's an actual reason . 
  that being , not only reserved seats , but the genocide as well . 
   i was writing a reply when you deleted your comment you sly cunt . 
  lol . 
  i was waiting for you to reply , you did n't , so i deleted and resended it to alert you . 
   how many ? 
  and what proportion of seats go to women ? 
  24 out of the 80 seats are reserved purely for women + the fact that after the genocide there were vastly more women in the country than men . 
   i do n't know what is a good society . 
  but it 's more representative , which is its role . 
  you want gender parity just for the sake of gender parity regardless of how effective it is ? 
   there have been matriarcal societies in history and there are still today ( but very few ) . 
  ok , like which ? 
   if you 're interested in how difficult it is for a woman to be a chef , you can watch the chef 's table episode on niki nakayama , or read articles . 
  can you give me the skinny ? 
  okay , so i just looked up rwanda . 
  there are reserved seats in the parliament for women ( yay meritocracy ) and after the rwandan genocide the population had vastly more women than men ( i.e. 
  not 50-50 ) which naturally mean an unatural skew . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're going to be that dishonest so as to intentionally omit those critical details ? 
  let me see what i can find about bolivia . 
   i do n't care what men and women are able or not to do . 
  the role of the parliament is to be representative . 
  it 's written in the constitution . 
  so , you do n't care about who is better for the job and who will make a better society ? 
   but politics is arbitrary . 
  it 's a way or deciding how society works . 
  if you change the values that dominate society , then you change politics . 
  it 's not something unmovable . 
  if you look at politics in yemen ( 0 % women , toughest country for women ) and in sweden or rwanda ( 63 % women ) , you know , this is actually adressed in the documentary i linked you to earlier . 
   you will see that politics are completely different . 
  women are less interested in politics because the society is patriarcal and `` male characteristics '' dominate society and therefore politics . 
  no , women are less interested in politics because they are biologically inclined to . 
  did you watch the documentary i gave you ? 
  it addresses these things . 
  and by the way , did you actually study why rwanda has more women in parliament ? 
  even the wikipedia site explains that . 
  apart from there being reserved seats , after the rwandan genocide , there were vastly more women than men in the population . 
   affect what ? 
  how parity in parliament affect representation of each gender ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  how does having the same amount of men and women in the parliament make for a better society ? 
  can you give me an example ? 
   yes . 
  because politics are designed in such a way that is very deceptive and difficult for women to get in . 
  so , why is it that in every single society on the face of the planet these professions stay pretty much the same ? 
  you 'd think at least 1 random tribe would have a different system no ? 
  like , how are politics designed in that way ? 
   it 's like trying to become a chef as a woman , it 's very difficult . 
  why ? 
   it 's a word of men trying to protect their power . 
  lol , is this a joke ? 
  how are men trying to protect their power and why ? 
   would you say that women are less interested in cooking than men ? 
  i would say , judging on the percentages of men and women chefs , that women are less interested in becoming professional chiefs . 
   they could represent me in a perfectly fair and equal society where gender discrimination is inexistent . 
  right now it 's not the case . 
  most men do n't suffer daily sexual harassment , catcalling , pressure to be pretty , while women suffer less from the pression of being manly , confident , provide money for his family , being career-successful . 
  it 's pretty simplistic but men and women are not treated equally and parliament should represent fairly those two populations . 
  how does having more men or more women in parliament affect that ? 
  like , can you give me an example ? 
   it 's not a coincidence that all the most sexist countries in the world have very few women in parliament . 
  political representation is directly correlated with the distribution of power in the society . 
  most of all countries on the world have very few women in parliament . 
  that 's because they tend to be less interested in politics . 
   let 's assume that women and men have different brains . 
  let 's assume that we can define male and female charateristics , and that there are some inherent differences that make them behave and think differently . 
  i have no problem with this idea . 
  maybe it 's the case , maybe it 's not , but let 's assume it is . 
  we do n't need to assume , we know this is the case . 
   that would n't change that having parity in the assembly is a good thing . 
  because assembly is made to represent the population . 
  there is no required qualification other than being elected . 
  here is the problem . 
  you assume all humans are sociopaths . 
  they are n't . 
  what makes you think that men and women are unable to pass laws about the other sex ? 
   if we had a matriarcal society , women would be more in the assembly . 
  putting more men consistently says `` we think that society should be decided and represented by men '' . 
  no , it means more men are naturally interested in politics , so naturally more of them get elected . 
   it means that the male characteristics are dominating politics and therefore society ( well , if women were more rich on average that would be a counter power but that 's not the case ) . 
  why do you insist on people being sociopaths ? 
   being in the parliament does n't require any other skill or qualifications than the ones we think is good for society : it 's completely arbitrary . 
  if men are more rational and women have more empathy ( which is baron cohen theory apparently ) , then why would we think that one is better than the other in order to make a good society ? 
  what is even a good society ? 
  that 's the thing .
