  what does that have to do with this, 
  in the end , it turned out le sword is mightier than le pen . 
  from lava to ice . 
  he means with different colors . 
  it 's a good analogy , i 'm saving it for later . 
  yeah that 's sort of how i thought you were supposed to read the chart . 
  i 'd expect hydro and renewable to be at the bottom to mach up with the numbers on the left . 
  seems like a very weird chart , the way i read is that the higher a source is the more energy it 's responsible for , how are you supposed to read it ? 
  is that a reference ? 
  what do you mean wood ? 
  also , appart from solar , hydro and geothermal what other renewable sources are there ? 
  is this chart saying that hydro generates more energy than oil ? 
  what is new renewable ? 
  he looks a bit like christopher eccleston , also known as the ninth doctor . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ee/ninth_doctor.jpg ), 
  i 'm refering more to the weird of way of phrasing it . 
  `` latin limit '' . 
  roman empire latin limit ? 
  he looks like a cartoon but i ca n't remember which one . 
  can i ask what is up with greece 's name if you 're from china ? 
  all other countries are vaguely phonetic translations , but why is greece called `` xila '' ? 
  for most names it 's just their english name but in engrish , but how come greece is called xila ? 
  keep in mind , most of greece 's statistic comes from crete . 
  it 's like our own texas , except not shitty . 
  shit in toilet , nobody care . 
  shit on table , everybody mad . 
  i need pictures . 
  i ca n't even mentally picture how you put a drum though a ballsak . 
   phimosis that can be repaired without circuimsicion , there are cerain creams you can apply while exercising the foreskin that will cause it to become thinner and function normally . 
   forocoches what are those ? 
  i 'm not surprised by iceland , since like 12 people live there total ( generous estimate ) , but what 's with sweden and especially ireland of all places ? 
  this reads like something out of a monty python skit . 
  yes , indeed , joining the euro truly has worked out wonderfuly for everyone involed . 
   that the central figure of the most totalitarian regime in history was left for hours to soak in his own urine and die because no one dared approach his bedroom door . 
  i know that this is actually true for someone , but i do n't remember who . 
  there was some kind of emergency or need but people were too afraid to interrupt what said person was doing . 
  this article is really stupid but i ca n't pin down why . 
  well , intersex refers to abnormal genitals generally , even intersex newborns have a y or a lack thereof . 
  it appears to be a pretty good indicator . 
  most if not all chromosomal anomallies have their phenotype decided by whether or not a y is present . 
  my bad , sorry , it 's a bit late here . 
  bottom line is , if you got a y it 's male , if you do n't , female . 
  yyx is still considered a male though . 
  yy ca n't survive , it 's unviable . 
  because their prisons are nicer than most of our hotels . 
  what left wing crazy is it talking about ? 
  the tranny phantom shooter in the us ? 
  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  it 's honestly just genetics . 
  i 'm not going to feel tainted if i have `` dirty kebab blood '' in my ancestry . 
  i think i underestimated when i said it 's 3 years until your first biology class . 
  you 're reading too much into this , it 's just a joke . 
  it 's a meme . 
  oh you 're a zoophile ? 
  i hope you have fun on your very first first biology class you 'll be taking in 3 years from now . 
  no , what happened is you were dishonest , you got your points debunked and your dishonesty called out and then you tried to save face by ignoring all the evidence i found that proved you wrong . 
   cheerio !, 
   i do n't think anybody sufficiently more skilled so that everybody agree he was more skilled will be left behind . 
  so , then why do you want the quota to begin with ? 
   and that sounds like revisionnist history . 
  french revolutionnary was a tiny minority which murdered hundred of thousands of people . 
  few revolted against the elite in the countryside . 
  they revolted against the republic . 
  so , the peasants were against the revolution and wanted it gone and the monarchy instilled back ? 
  no , what i 'm saying is , how is sexism preventing women from running and preventing them from voting women when half the voting population is women and they have full rights to run for a party , make their own and vote ? 
  are they sexist against themselves ? 
  kebab successfully removed . 
  if you 're going to link an article that is obviously biased it 's not `` triggered '' to point out how blatantly biased it is , it 's common courtesy . 
   no one is able to name which man exactly has been left behind by that quota . 
  but there are clear losers in elections and we are able to tell who was the most qualified . 
  it is n't always the winner . 
  you think nobody skilled will be left behind in quota enforced parliament ? 
   and yeah democracy is a doomed ideology . 
  the parisian bourgeois elite should n't have imposed the revolution on reactionnary peasants . 
  except the revolution was n't impposed . 
  the people revolted with their own will led by elites . 
  it was n't forced upon them . 
  if you want to bring a more apt example , how about communism in the soviet union ? 
  oh shit , i just noticed the car has a `` gb '' plate , yeah it makes much more sense now . 
  who is stopping women from becoming candidates ? 
  a woman can start a party . 
  as for existing party , if a woman is good at the job and would help them win , why would they not pick her ? 
  do they want to lose ? 
  what is stopping a woman from starting her own party ? 
  more importantly if a woman is qualified for a job and would help a party win , why would they not pick her ? 
  do they not want to win ?
