  it 's not about white vs black , although a lot of people seem to vigorously want to make it that . 
  it 's about quotas existing to begin with . 
  people should be rewarded and hired for how hard they work , not for who they are . 
   check out the database and see for yourself if it helps having a presenter who 's grown up in the area talk about it . 
  they do n't hire a new presenter for every show so your example is not apt . 
  the fact that they have a quota to begin with is a problem . 
   media right now is around 50 % non white in a lot of universities ( certainly in oxbridge ) i do n't think there would be more white people on the bbc if there were no attempts to be proportional usually it tends to be that `` proportional '' means , hire non-white non-male and nobody cares about how many white ones you have . 
  wo n't you be better set for making documentaries and radio shows if your workforce is better experienced in that sort of thing by being better at that job ? 
  if you want a documentary about a tribe in the amazon you 're going to hire an anthropology professor who has the spent the past 10 years studying said tribe . 
  you 're not going to hire a tribesperson for that . 
  that 's the thing , how does having an employee from x area or of x demographic make the output of the bbc better as opposed to just hiring someone who 's flat out more experienced and better at the job ? 
  even at the expense of hiring people who are better qualified for the job ? 
  i thought it 's obligation was to provide news and entertainment . 
  how does representing the entire nation demographically make it better at it 's job ? 
  please , their retarded plan to ban encryption is impossible to actually accomplish even if they had a full majority . 
  did n't the conservative party lose a lot of seats in this election with labor gaining even more ? 
  was n't there a bbc comedian that was sacked for being white and male ? 
  there 's a difference between having liberal politics and creating hiring quotas . 
  so , it 's the moderates that are pushing all the forced equity programs ? 
  the guy with the bucket for a head was a candidate ? 
  context ? 
  no , it 's the * current year \u2122 * and nothing about the virtue signaling behaviour has changed except that it 's intensified . 
  no , it 's almost always used like that , because virtue signalling has become increasingly more and more common as time goes by with the left trying to pander to every single demographic that 's under the impression it 's oppressed . 
   `` virtue-signalling '' is a term used by people that have lower morals than others and know it . 
  no , it 's not . 
  virtue signalling is a term used by people who want to show that the motivation someone else has to do or say something is purely to jerk their own intellectual morality regardless of how valid/helpful/true it may or may not be . 
  islam has literally nothing to do with islam . 
  imaginationland . 
  wait a minute . 
  is this where the mayor came from ? 
  are you really going to compare that to beheading them , stoning them to death and throwing them off roofs ? 
  also , keep in mind , those ^ are n't isolated incidents , it 's common practice across the middle east . 
  where did you pull all that out of `` i would trust muslims to do work for me . 
  what 's with the grey marks in russia and sweeden ? 
  putin has kids ? 
  i do n't know why , but i never imagined that . 
  to be fair , it 's been a very long time since christians last beheaded a homosexual . 
  or threw one off a roof . 
  or stoned one to death . 
  is there something sinister about the muslim comment i 'm missing ? 
  we 've been hearing that for about a year now . 
  i 'm confused , did n't the conservatives win ? 
  i 'm confused , did n't the conservatives win ? 
  do n't you have a tumblr blog to on and complain about how oppressed you are ? 
  we 've upgraded . 
  we 're now at : if tumblr was a person . 
  you should take an anatomy class sometime . 
  if buzzfeed was a person . 
  this belongs in r/cringe or r/cringeanarchy . 
  i get the sentiment behind the image with the kid who tried to save people from the terrorists . 
  but out of context it 's very very very cringe . 
  even with context it 's a bit cringe . 
  that is a very fucking weird graph . 
   you just keep repeating yourself . 
  if your parent , the person most responsible for your upbringing intoxicates your mind with harmful thoughts , which are due to having been brought up in a shithole , you are more prone to being an idiot and blowing yourself up . 
  the only problematic muslims i have ever seen were those first or second generation immigrants from shithole countries . 
  muslims which converted or from a place which is stable are just like the rest of the society here in germany . 
  i would not know about greece , but at least in my community that is the image i get . 
  can i ask what is the thought process you imagine these people have ? 
  you 're treating them like they 're easily influenced idiots with the inability to think for themselves when they 're not . 
  like , what exactly is the thought process behind : `` my old home is a warn torn shithole . 
  so , i better blow up my new home that has done it 's best to accommodate help and educate me . '' ? 
   edit : an example would be the black community in the us . 
  the poor regions of the us are some of the most criminal places in the world , where black people are more criminal and violent on average . 
  yet we also have a ton of black people , brought up in better places , who are some of the most well-educated and rational people ever . 
  black culture is not the reason the people down there are so criminal and violent , the circumstances are . 
  being black is n't an ideology though . 
  yes . 
  and these people also grow up in a secular peaceful and stable society that provides them with proper education and does it 's best to accommodate them . 
  and despite all those , they still decide to murder people in the name of their religion . 
  like what more do you want ? 
  at what point do you start seeing that maybe the ideology itself has something to do with their choice to murder people in the name of their idelogy ? 
  these people have never been to that country . 
  they have never seen that destruction . 
  they grow up in a secular , stable society that provides them with education that does it 's best to accommodate them . 
  and yet despite all that , because of a connection to an ancestral home they 've never even been to , they decide to go and kill a bunch of innocents in the name of allah ? 
  how many excuses do we have to make before we admit there 's a problem with the ideology itself ? 
  so , why are there so many terror attacks by second generation muslims ? 
  almost all terrorsts are second generation of immigrant parents , which means they grew up in peaceful and stable society and yet despite that , they still decided to commit terror in the name of that religion . 
  it 's creating a protected ideology . 
  why exactly does an ideology warrant protection ? 
  you do n't think there are genuine problems with islam that should be criticized ? 
  so , you do n't think m-103 is in any way troubling for the implications it sets ? 
  nor do you find a problem with all the other motions ? 
  oh my fucking god . 
  do you not see the problem with the motion ? 
  do you think it 's completely harmless and sets no bad president ? 
  yes , but how people innately behave on their own , is not . 
  and what do you mean exactly `` even if that were true '' ? 
  yes , that 's the thing , it 's not . 
  behaviors and preferences are biologically innate for the sexes , and there are studies to prove that . 
  yes , the thing is if that is a social construct , why is it uniform across the entire world and observable in children less than a day old ? 
  all the evidence points out that it 's biologically inherent . 
   ( although the other poster pointed out to you that it by no means is ) yes , it is . 
  a couple of cultures having some kind of professions or positions does not change that , because those are acquired , not inherent . 
  `` random shit '' ? 
  you call this random shit ? 
  you do n't think that creating laws in an effort to create a protected religion is a pretty big fucking deal for the president it sets ? 
  yes , because singling out a specific religion and trying to turn it into a protected group by `` adressing x-phobia '' is definitely something completely innocent that has nothing to do with blasphemy laws or freedom to criticize . 
  good thing `` phobia '' is such a well defined term that is impossible to stretch and apply on everything you want eh ?
