  [ and like i told you in my reply , that 's a 3rd graders interpretation of how politics work . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gyppt/france_expected_to_jump_from_26_to_more_than_42/diup49m/ ), 
  [ and like i told you in my reply , that 's a 3rd graders interpretation of how politics work . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gyppt/france_expected_to_jump_from_26_to_more_than_42/diup49m/ ), 
   uh , no , it 's not ? 
   `` abstract and rationalistic '' is what experts advising politicians do . 
  the politician 's job is to listen to people , to their opinions and worries and problems , to develop policies with those in mind , to seek and build agreement and consensus on policies ( informed by that expertise , hopefully ) . 
  ability to work with people and build connections is absolutely crucial to all that , or you 'll never achieve anything . 
  that 's a very rose tinted romanticized version of what a politician is `` supposed '' to do . 
  in reality it 's more strategising and calculating with barely any heart to heart interaction , how many senators do you see wandering the street , shaking hands and talking with people on a regular basis ? 
   i 'm saying you should support measures that seek to broaden the female selection pool , by `` artificially '' making women more interested in politics , even if we assume it goes against women 's natural preferences . 
  ( which i do n't , i 'm just going by your logic . ), 
  you can try to encourage women . 
  but trying to force equity at the expense of meritocracy is bad . 
   you explained your entire argument in less than four minutes ? 
  lol . 
  yes , because it 's an easy concept that seems to unable to go through your head . 
  male and female brains are different . 
  when i debunked your bullshit examples you stopped arguing . 
   yes , i 'm pretty sure legions of sociologists who have studied this topic have considered this . 
  i 'm pretty sure legions of biologists who have studied the topic deduced that male and female brains are different as well . 
   and even if it were true that they presently `` do n't care '' which it is . 
   hat does n't mean this lack of caring is somehow inherent to women yeah it does . 
  women skew toward empathetic human jobs , men skew toward abstract rationalistic jobs . 
   i 'm inclined to think being barred from these professions for pretty much forever would have that kind of cultural effect , really ? 
  because most if not all of the western world allows women to participate in all professions . 
   thus perpetuating the previously blatantly forced inequality . 
  except that inequality does n't exist in the western world anymore . 
   it does n't mean it 's something that ca n't or should n't be changed , considering it 's detrimental to women 's interests and society as a whole . 
  now that women have the rights to pursue the professions they want , the % that actually cares and is good enough for it , enters . 
  why do you need to force the others as well ? 
  the documentary says women are more interested in empathetic jobs . 
  men are more interested in rationalistic abstract jobs . 
  politics is more rationalistic and abstract than empathetic . 
  the video , explains that men are more interested in rationalistic , abstract jobs . 
  women are more interested in empathetic jobs . 
  politics is more rationalistic and abstract than empathetic . 
   in your math analogy , you 're killing 90 % not 2 % of the male population . 
  yes , that 's because i wanted to simplify it for you , seeing as you managed to misunderstand everything i said earlier i could n't take a risk . 
   your argument rests on an assumption that men are inherently superior to women no , it rests on the assumption that more men are interested in the job therefore you 'll have a bigger pool to draw from and with bigger pool you 'll more people in the qualified side . 
   you claim there are boy jobs and girl jobs , \u00e0 la theresa may . 
  there are jobs that more men are interested in and jobs that more women are interested in . 
   try explaining it to a close female relative and see how that goes . 
  just did . 
  the reply was : `` well yeah , obviously male and female brains are different which means they have different interests , what 'd you expect ? '', 
  so , anyway what happened to that appointment of yours ? 
  men are more interested in abstract rationalistic risk taking jobs and women are more interested in human and empathetic jobs . 
  politics is more abstract and rationalistic than empathetic . 
   if women really were less prone to seek power , yet had equal merit in regard to the ability to exercise it , then actively enticing women to seek power should be exactly what someone caring about merit should want , in order to increase the average presence of merit in the legislature . 
  but since less women care about politics that means the selection pool which to draw from will also be smaller , which means that by forcing people to hire more women you might have to ditch someone with more merit ( since men 's pool is larger ) to fill the quota . 
  i thought you had an appointment . 
  was that just an excuse to avoid addressing how you were wrong earlier ? 
  you 're confusing vampires with werewolves . 
  pepe = litcherally hitler, 
  katy perry covered her face with pepe ? 
   how does biology forces them out ? 
  rwanda has had a genocide in 1994 that reduced the male population . 
   again , it should n't matter if there 's a biological difference between men and women . 
  if women 's biological urges are so strong as to deter them from a career in politics , we should n't expect more than the quota of women . 
  but in both cases we have more than the quota !, 
  how to explain it ? 
  simple math . 
  you got 1000 men . 
  you got 1000 women . 
  90 men are interested in politics . 
  10 women are interested in politics . 
  so in a parliament of 100 it looks like this : 90 men . 
  10 women . 
  kill 900 men so now you got less men overall . 
  out of 100 men , only 9 are interested . 
  91 women . 
  9 men . 
  see ? 
  math so easy , even a third grader can do it !, 
   men and women are biologically different , but women can override these biological differences if there is a quota in place . 
  they do n't override it , they are artificially cherry picked over someone better to fit the quota . 
  how is this hard to understand ? 
   so your alleged biological imperatives are in fact contingent imperatives that are subject to the presence or absence of a quota system . 
  more men are intrested in politics , ergo you 're gon na have more men overall who are good at it . 
  force someone to hire more women and you no longer have a choice to pick the best , so you get a woman by force . 
   if a quota is in place , women can cast off the shackles of their gender and aspire to roles in the political system of the country . 
  no , they are n't . 
  you 're just forced to cherry pick them out of the population regardless of skill level to fill said quota . 
   in fact , you 're basically arguing in favour of quotas . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  you 're just being both dishonest and manipulative because you realized your argument holds no water once i found out the info about bolivian politics . 
  can you give me some links ? 
  i 'm having trouble finding information on the parliaments of those countries . 
   this incentivises parties to achieve a gender balance , yes . 
  i do n't see how this generates female candidates though . 
  if women were n't interested in politics then there would be no candidates and a jump from 26 % to 42 % would not be possible . 
  `` oh shit we 're getting taxed ? 
  okay , i guess we can drop the best candidates even if they are male to hire the next females ones to avoid the tax . '', 
   considering the other parties chugged along fine without meeting the quotas from 1988 til now , it seems failing to meet the quota is not so devastating a deterrent to abandon male candidates in favour of women if the men are genuinely more qualified . 
  one party meeting a more balanced roster is a positive as far as i can see . 
  i fail to see the issue you have with this . 
  how about , not having a quota at all therefore only incentivizing people to get the best ? 
  were there more women than men yes or not ? 
   are you seriously saying that a 2 % difference in male/female population has a 30 % + effect on political participation rates ? 
  a genocide tends to leave a pretty big impact .
