but is he in favor of letting them marry ? 
  what does this have to do with passwords ? 
  wot ? 
  only the green blooded ones . 
  90 % of it is uninhabited desert and most of the population is concentrated on the east coast . 
  you 're telling me i could watch interracial ampute midget nurse themed scat porn without fearing that my provider would know ? 
  like , how far does tor 's security go ? 
  beyond the provider ? 
   the champion of freedom everywhere lol, 
  what i mean is , how compliant were the french people in assisting to round up the jews ? 
  how big was the % of french that collaborated with the germans to round up jews in france ? 
  still , why do you have one speed in parentheses ? 
  was there as much collaboration by the french as there was by the germans ? 
  like what ? 
  got any examples ? 
  let 's stop them from doing what ? 
  which one is the meritocracy ? 
  how many undecided voters are left ? 
  i swear i saw a picture of this in a website talking about china going green . 
  i do n't know why but it feels surreal . 
  like , it 's too obvious in it 's motive . 
  it 's nice to see these are still coming out . 
  that video is hillarious . 
  got any other exploits of his ? 
  give me a few examples . 
  i have n't heard a lot about him on the news . 
  yeah , no shit , how though ? 
  do they sell cookies ? 
  what is aldi nord and aldi sued ? 
  what kind of bussiness are they into ? 
  what about the czech president ? 
  nothing sexier than geopolitics to get the mood going . 
  huh , that 's pretty interesting , i 'll check out more countries later . 
  how do they compare to others ? 
  i thought after the netherlands took over greece that 's when the dutch helped us invade turkey . 
  where was the second greek flag placed ? 
  seriously . 
  fuck the retarded weeb circle that is the osu logo . 
  ca n't deus vult when you 're orthodox . 
  i swear this story is about canada and denmark , not greece and turkey . 
  read beyond the first line . 
  how did you get a timelapse ? 
  how many christians worldwide fuck their cousins in the name of jesus ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure muslims commonly behead people , and rape/stone women in the name of allah . 
   also i 'm quite astounded that you think everything else adolf or any other fascist leader and trump do have in common can be disregarded . 
  hitler drank water . 
  trump drinks water . 
  obama drinks water . 
  holy fuckn shit illuminati confirmed, 
  pretty sure honor killings , killing infidels and raping women are part of the quran . 
  i care . 
  the jews were n't ideologically driven to commit crime by their religion . 
  so , were the jews committing crime in the name of jehovah ? 
   edit : so , just to give you guys a head start : if someone wants to discriminate an entire religion ( muslim ban ) and calls for special identification for a religious group , that instantly places him into the fascist corner and he must do very , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that back in ww2 germany jews were n't regularly committing terror attacks in the name of jehovah . 
   same here . 
  those people do not like it that literal neonazis are so influential in greece , so they do something about it . 
  some try to gather all evidence they can find to convict gd for crimes ( politiki agogi stin diki tis chrisis avgis , i think it 's the name of the initiative ) , and others try to prevent further crimes of being committed by gd by reminding them that retaliation is possible . 
  they are fighting to silence someone in a democracy because they do n't like their ideas . 
  they are not fighting for sovereignty . 
   if they fail , and gd rises to power , the official record will show that those people were some sort of terrorists . 
  if gd is marginalised into oblivion , we will remember those people as instrumental into eliminating the nazi threat in greece , and recognise that they kept many neighborhoods safe for people gd does n't like when no other would protect them the official record does not change anything regardless of who wins . 
  what is happening now is that people of an ideology are being attacked in order to get them to stop speaking . 
   ( obligatory reminder that a lot of greek police officers are sympathetic to the gd rhetoric ) . 
  yes . 
  and that is a problem . 
  it however , does not make violence in an attempt to silence someone a morally good thing . 
  it can maybe yield good results in the future , but regardless , it is not a good thing . 
  trump is not a fascist . 
  calling him a fascist is an insult to people who have suffered under actual fascism and you are a genuine immature idiot if you insist on calling him that because you disagree with him . 
   there where like 5 or 6 monarchies ruling almost all of europe back then ( except for switzerland and san marino ? ) . 
  there was n't one monarchy for every already-consolidated national identity . 
  multinational empires were the norm . 
  so what ? 
  i genuinely , do not get the point you are trying to make at this point . 
  yeah , they were the norm , but greeks were n't happy with it . 
   monarchies would ally with each-other just to squash nationalist uprisings from threatening the established order . 
  yes , i know , that 's what the holy alliance was for . 
   the idea that people of a certain national identity need to be governed by a political system ruled by people of the same national identity is a concept we only have because the events of the 19th century unfolded the way they did . 
  `` foreign occupant = bad '' packs a lot of assumptions we can only make because nationalism as a historical process managed to go through . 
  why do you think the holy alliance had to be formed ? 
  it was exactly because lots of people believed in this and it threatened the established order . 
  the greeks did n't like being occupied and wanted independence and sovereignty , so they rebelled to create a state . 
  the left here is beating people up in a democracy because you do n't like their ideas and they want to silence them . 
  stop comparing the two . 
   monarchies were the most normal thing back then . 
  so much so , that greeks could only gain western support for their cause if they became a monarchy as well . 
  yes it was the normal thing . 
  but it was n't their monarchy . 
  it was a foreign occupant . 
   you ca n't study history without detaching yourself from the present and all the contemporary assumptions ( eg that monarchy = bad ; that idea was a radical revolutionary idea in the 1800s , not a common place like it ( mostly ) is now ) . 
  the idea here is n't `` monarchy = bad '' . 
  the idea is that `` foreign occupant = bad '' . 
   and again , you ca n't be anachronistic about this . 
  even saying that greece was under occupation is imposing our current historical narrative on a time where our current historical narrative was n't yet created . 
  i mean , there was the byzantine empire , constantinople fell , and then the ottomans occupied the rest of greece . 
  where 's the anachonism ? 
   in 1821 the greeks were n't universally regarded as the good guys fighting against the bad ottomans . 
  they were `` rebel scum '' trying to stir trouble in `` rightful ottoman provinces '' , and even ottoman greeks would say as much then . 
  yes .
