  wow . 
  you 're like , the perfect nra strawman . 
   what is sports shooting and hunting ? 
  [ i want to use my mutated anthrax for duck huntin ' . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meisdf83mxo ) but the big meanie goverment wo n't let me . 
  trucks and knives serve a use other than maiming and killing . 
  guns do n't . 
  yeah , hold on , let me ring up the black market dealer i got in my phone contacs whose number was given to me by the magic gun fairy the instant i decided to become a mugger . 
  we had a similar argument going into vietnam . 
  the soviets had a similar argument going into afghanistan . 
  the french had a similar argument in vietnam . 
  except those countries were n't defended by gun nuts with the glocks they kept hidden under their pillows , those countries were being supplied military grade weapons and supplies by other countries with special intrests . 
   i do n't have my copy of war in the shadows : the guerrilla in history , but they 've got a long and extensive history of armies walking into occupations thinking `` i could win any straight-up battle that i get into , so i will win the war '' , and then proceeding to lose the war . 
  those invasions failed for 99 reasons and glocks kept under pillows was n't one of them . 
  random citizens that keep a gun in a safe hidden under the floorboards will not repel and army . 
  invasions fail because of bad strategy , terrain , supply problems and guerrila warfare that is almost always armed by an external power that has intrests . 
   the goal of a guerrilla conflict is n't to stand in a line and halt an enemy at the border -- that is the thing that is to be avoided above all . 
  it 's to ensure that any occupation is untenable , to ensure that you alienate rather than befriend the population , and that your support is not accepted . 
  yes , and even guerrilla groups have someone supplying them with real weapons and supplies , usually an external power that has special intrests in stopping the invader . 
  a guerrilla group composed of random dudes with pistols wo n't do jack . 
   guisan 's forces could not have stood up to hitler 's forces in a straight-up fight . 
  if he had sent the swiss army to fight the german one in an all-in fight , he 'd simply have lost , you 're right . 
  that was why he intended to deny germany that fight . 
  it was n't that hitler lacked bombers or howitzers , but that they are n't clearly useful . 
  let 's say that germany marches in . 
  they occupy the swiss cities . 
  now , a week in , a resupply truck coming to supply a german outpost is attacked and the supplies taken . 
  you are the officer in charge of the occupation . 
  what do you do ? 
  do you place more soldiers on the convoys ? 
  you 're steadily dragging in more resources , and your opponent will simply choose to attack something that you are n't strong at . 
  do you make use of collective punishment , violate the geneva convention ? 
  now you 're pissing off more of the population , that-which-outnumbers you . 
  you have to win hearts and minds . 
  sure , your tank may stop a bullet , but nobody 's going to stand and shoot at your soldiers when they 're in tanks . 
  your soldiers have to get out . 
  that 's a very fine hypothetical scenario . 
  except it 's nothing more than that . 
   the us probably does more-or-less all of the stuff that one might suggest as a counter -- have rapidly-available air support for patrols that get attacked . 
  build a huge , protected base for soldiers to stay in . 
  use extensive intelligence . 
  have guarded resupply convoys . 
  and yet , against the far-less-well-armed and far-less-populous groups , there 's still a slog . 
  do you really think the us goverment is planning to enslave it 's citizens and guns are the only thing that can save you ? 
   there are a lot of things in this world that have the potential to kill 10 people in less than 5 seconds , hell there are things we have access to that can kill more in less time . 
  you are going to start banning everything that can kill people in short period of time you will ban everything . 
  my point is that a firearm is a piece of equipment , no inherently good or bad . 
  it is how people use it that determines how a situation unfolds . 
  if someone chooses to misuse a piece of equipment , it is not reasonable to ban said piece of equipment . 
  when terrorists use cars to run down swaths of people the discussion does not turn to the government banning cars so the idea that it is ok to ban firearms because they may be used to kill people is idiotic . 
  the difference between guns and those other things is that guns are by design made to do that . 
  their inherent purpose is to flying pieces of metal at high velocity with the intend to damage vitals and kill the things they hit . 
  a nuke is a tool too with no inherent bad or good , but a nuke 's intended purpose is also to kill . 
   and will not prevent firearms from the hands of criminals or terrorists yeah right , because your everyday mugger has access to the black ties ( in their phone contacts i pressume ) and knows how to get in contant with illegal arms dealers . 
  even terrorists will have trouble actually getting guns . 
  smuggling a gun into a country is not as easy to buying it from an over the top counter . 
   so all this will do is affect law abiding citizens and will not prevent firearms from the hands of criminals . 
  yes . 
  yes it will . 
  there is not some kind of criminal fairy that instantly gives you access to every aspect of the underworld when you decide to be a mugger . 
  you 're acting like terrorists have `` black market '' in their phone contacts . 
  except millitary technology has advanced just a wee tiny bit since world war 1 and 2 . 
  the only thing an armed citizenry would accomplish today is give the army an excuse to kill them as they 'll no longer be non combatants . 
  if you vote democrat you support slavery . 
  you 're acting like we 're not talking about killing machines that have the potential to take 10 lives in less than 5 seconds . 
  itt : muh second amen ... shit . 
  seriously , who the fuck thinks their glock will stop a fascist government or an invading army ? 
  it 's ok if guns make you feel like your dick 's bigger but do n't lie and pretend you want them for a `` noble '' cause . 
  right , this comment is strawman stretch , but the one above it ? 
  completely legit . 
  i see you 're a big fan of the logic : `` it 's okay when we do it , it 's only wrong when the other team does it in response . '', 
  do these stories exist today ? 
  we 're they put into production ? 
  islam is not a race . 
  who is mightier ? 
  le pen , or le sword ? 
  totally . 
  gon na go write about it in my transqueer asexual gender nonconforming otherkin dual system tumblr blog . 
  le pen is stoopid poopoo head . 
  now please rub my cock and comment on how intelligent i am for making that statement . 
  no , the one where potatoes are the incarnation of a latvian goddess . 
  i spent 15 minutes going through my saved comments looking for that one latvia potato goddess copypasta . 
  i could n't find it . 
  i made a joke because the first thing that came i to your mind was the indian flag which is similar to `` it 's cause i 'm black '', 
   it 's because i 'm black is n't it ? 
  i think he 's referring to immigrants from the middle east because le pen is anti immigration while macron is not . 
   what the right says if le pen gets the rich vote : `` all the smart capitalists can see she is good for the economy ! '', 
  i 'm sorry , but i can not imagine anyone uttering this specific quote with a straight face . 
  not about le pen , but any politician in general . 
  so , the poor , needy and in suffering voted le pen , while the rich and well off voted macron . 
  take a hint . 
  i posted this comment twice and both times it got marked as controversial , i honestly do n't know why , it 's a joke/pun from youtube , i thought it was funny . 
  we will soon find out . 
  who is mightier ? 
  le pen or le sword ? 
  you know what ? 
  this is a great idea . 
  but it does not go far enough imo . 
  we should have a full organization dedicated to weeding out fake news . 
  we could call it ... the ministry of truth .
