  if we start absolving ourselves of everything and claiming `` nope , we did n't do anything wrong , it was all the evil russians '' we 're only setting ourselves up for failure in the future . 
  late but never too late , the new mexico came before the country of mexico , it was called new mexico because it was on the land of the mexica people , the country formed after . 
  what does it mean though ? 
  i understood the rest of what you said , except his part :  things that are awkward and difficult to say in one language can be quick and natural in another . 
  for example , greek has the word logos that ( in biblical contexts ) many authors just do n't translate . 
  like , what would logos translate into for example ? 
  it seems like a pretty easy translation , `` word of god '' , `` speech '' or just `` word '' . 
  i 've seen so many smear pieces and hitpieces bearing the exact same title format , that i just can not take articles bearing them seriously irregardless of the context anymore . 
  `` x is ( insert insult ) , says x '', 
  for what purpose would you need a single word to say `` with the one that he made practical too , i wonder ? '', 
  is it that common a phrase that it warranted a single word all to itself ? 
  where 's part one ? 
  it seems the poor people voted for clinton while the rich voted equally . 
  it 's not that massive a divide as you made me think though . 
  it 's 50 % clinton 40 % trump . 
  i could draw a conclusion if i knew the ages of that specific bracket , how many of the poor were under or over 40 . 
  judging the other diagram , the poor under 40 , the fresh graduates and the such which are more liberal minded would rely on clinton for to fix their problem , which are more in numbers , while the the poor over 40 would rely on trump being disappointment with the establishment . 
  the eu is really trying to fistfuck the uk as brutally as possible on their way out . 
  i mean , yeah they got ta send the message that it 's not a good idea to leave the eu , but it 's only going to spite britons more . 
  so , the people over 40 years old who 've experienced the establishment voted for trump , but the people who has n't yet , the recent graduates voted clinton . 
  yeah sounds about right . 
  anyway , i 'd like to see the statistics and sources of the income , it 'll be an interesting read and i want to see what conclusions i can draw from it . 
   white male gon na throw in `` cis '' in there too ? 
  53 % of white women voted for trump by the way . 
  but france never even had the west bank to begin with . 
  the `` take back the west bank '' comment should have tipped you off . 
  did n't the `` take back the west bank '' comment tip you off that it was a joke ? 
  anyone who did n't get the joke despite reading the west bank comment needs to pull the stick out of their ass . 
  saying shit like this is why trump won . 
  yeah it 's not like people were sick of the establishment , it 's not like people were suffering and in despair an outsider was their only hope of shacking things up . 
  no , they were all uneducated sexists , racists , redneck hillbilly hicks who did n't vote for clinton because she was a woman . 
  when i see people say shit like this i want le ' pen to win just to spite them . 
  populists do n't pop up and acquire power because `` le dumb idiot hicks vote for them '' . 
  they pop up and acquire power because the establishment fucks up so spectacularly that people get so fed up they will take anything over it . 
  when a populist gains power , it 's not time to wonder what is wrong with the people who vote for him . 
  it 's time to wonder how the did the establishment managed to fuck up so badly that people would find him preferable over them and trying to fix it . 
  it 's a time for self reflection . 
  populists are in 99.999 % of cases , nearly always a fault of the establishment and nobody else . 
  what does it mean ? 
  arrogance never turned out well for anyone . 
  we need a kekistani flag for the sub . 
  russia joined nato and because it joined nato it banned wine from montenegro ? 
  you can serialize a pipe gun you made in your basement ? 
  because it makes le pen look bad . 
  no , i do n't mean you do n't know how , i mean you need a metallurgy forge and tools that you wo n't have in your basement . 
  we are also 100 times poorer , in crisis and with insane unemployment numbers . 
  unless you 're about to claim poverty does n't cause crime , no , my argument is not invalid . 
  we 're not talking about overall crime though , we 're about gun crime , and the statistics you give show that an impoverished country in crisis with insane unemployment with gun control only has 0.3 more gun homicides than a prosperous and rich country with lax gun laws . 
  are you claiming poverty does n't cause crime ? 
  you 're acting like an angry 12 year old . 
  i wonder if tunisian secularism and democracy will last . 
  you did see the chart i did right ? 
  greece is 100 times poorer than switzerland , and yet the gun crime difference is only 0.3 ? 
  either we 're doing something very right , or you 're doing something very wrong . 
  unless you want to claim poverty has nothing to do with crime . 
  considering greece is an a very poor country in crisis which means it naturally skews toward crime , the fact that our gun deaths are only 0.3 higher than switzerland which is a prosperous and rich country ( which skew toward less crime ) , is n't this chart proof that guns are fucking you over ? 
  you just defeated your own argument there . 
  so , do you have actually an excuse civilians privately owning guns or do n't you ? 
  throughout this entire thread , multiple people have asked you questions and made multiple points and the only awnsers you 've given are that you like guns a lot while insulting everyone without actually refuting any of their points . 
  sure there is a disccusion . 
  can you name me a reason for civlians to privately own guns ? 
  if you want to go hunting , keep the guns at a hunting club , same for shooting ranges . 
  do you have a compelling argument in favour of keeping a privately owned glock under your pillow ? 
  i think you 're the first swiss i see in the thread to disagree with `` my life over my guns . '', 
  i asked one of the other ones to give me his reasoning for civilians owning firearms and his reply was to tell me he does n't need to listen to my opinion because greece is a crime ridden hellhole and to cry him a river about it after calling me mentally disabled about 80 times . 
  for the same reason i 'm bothering to talk to a guy that wants civilians to own machines explicitly designed to kill . 
  i 've read your comments throughout the entire thread . 
  you have n't provided litterally a single solitary arguement other than `` but muh gun , i want muh gun . '', 
  how ? 
  pretty sure you ca n't make a hammer and a trigger in your basement . 
  [ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5ggg0pase4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=32s ), 
  [ the salt is real . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5ggg0pase4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=32s ), 
  i 've chatting with op . 
  the salt is real . 
  he doese n't even bring up any points , he 's just insulting me out of butthurt xd, 
  no , only ban things whose only explicit purpose is to kill things and have no other use . 
  the salt is real in your comments . 
   i 've given plenty of uses but your small anti-gun brain sees violence everywhere . 
  no you have n't . 
  all you 've brought up is killing , simulating killing and practicing killing . 
   ban video games !, 
  you do n't hold guns in videogames though . 
  you hold a mouse/kb or a controller . 
  you ca n't kill someone using a videogame either . 
  so , you do n't actually a proper argument for drawing your line ? 
  except you 're not holding a real gun in videogames . 
  you 're holding a mouse and keyboard or a controller . 
  so , i take it you can not name another use for a gun ? 
  i 'm not asking what the law says . 
  i 'm asking where you draw the line for what killing tool is ok to have and what killing tool is n't ok to have . 
  can you name me a use for a gun other than killing , simulating killing and practicing killing ? 
  putting holes in a target and shooting animals is litterally simulating killing someone and killing something . 
  a truck can actually transport people . 
  a hammer can hammer a nail . 
  a knife can cut meat . 
  what other use does a gun have ? 
  i dunno , gun nuts compare guns to everyday tools all the time , but this is where you draw the line ? 
  there 's multiple oranges though . 
  illegal guns have to be aquired legally at some point .
