  but do n't let me bias you , if you are a lover of architecture chances are you will fall in love with it and all the other bits of of scenery around the city influenced by his work . 
  if you can only go to one place in barcelona , though , i 'd choose the gothic quarter . 
  it 's by far my favorite part of the city and i think you 'll find it particularly interesting because of all the history that you can observe in just one building . 
  you will see roman architecture erected over pre-roman stonework amidst centuries old buildings . 
  another great thing about it is that even though it is a very popular tourist destination , it is very easy to find yourself off the beaten path just by making your way along the narrow streets ; it feels personal and exciting -- also you can find all sort of interesting spots like that . 
  my second favorite spot nearby ( not in barcelona proper ) is montserrat which i bet will satisfy your more `` natural '' interests . 
  it 's got some of the best looking rock formations i 've ever seen and some great walking and hiking paths with amazing views and structures scattered around the mountains . 
  i have to recommend my city , barcelona . 
  you are an evil wale . 
  we did conquer 3/4s of the world as well . 
   you 're seem entrenched in some really problematic ideas about sexuality , gender , violence , and power you sound like a gender studies textbook mate . 
   if you think of oral sex as essentially submissive [ ... ] only when it 's really good . 
  any man not dominant enough to make me suck his cock 's gon na suck mine . 
   [ ... ] dishonorable [ ... ] hah . 
  i think getting on your knees in front of a man is humbling but in no way dishonorable . 
  whatever you think you may know about me , you probably do n't . 
   yes . 
  it 's pretty common to think that men in particular have an obligation to engage in violence ( self-defense or otherwise ) , lest they be considered ` sissies ' . 
  it seems you were tapping into that stereotype quite explicitly . 
   i.e. , i doubt you would criticise ugandan lesbians for not defending themselves properly when getting `` correctionally '' raped , as it were . 
  i would have said exactly the same of a group of women facing a much smaller group of men ; taking into account the fact that women are weaker , obviously . 
   you misread . 
  you 're calling people cowards without knowing their circumstances , and it 's insulting to the victims of this violence . 
  frankly , it 's extremely distasteful . 
  if the shoe fits ... 
  if you 're being attacked and outnumber your attackers then the rational and self-respecting thing to do is to defend yourself . 
  how do you think things would have turned out at a straight club or hell , even a gay redneck bar in some backwater us state ? 
  one of the things that most frustrate me about our kind is how comfortable we 've seen to have become in the role of victim . 
  we 've certainly fallen low since the days of the scared band . 
  -- i think i want my blowjob now boy . 
   i do n't think you fully realise how bigoted and sexist your remarks truly are . 
  wait . 
  sexist ? 
  what ? 
   your internet toughguyeering does not obligate anyone to violence against anyone else . 
  violence as a means of self-defense is absolutely justified , in fact i think it is an imperative . 
   i pray you 'll come to understand how foolish your exclamations of cowardice can truly be in a situation as depicted . 
  so defending yourself against people that want to wipe you off the face of the earth is cowardice ? 
  if wwiii ever breaks out and my country gets to invade denmark i 'm making you my wife . 
  i like a big breakfast and and a blowjob in the morning . 
   no , the way i 've seen it used has to do with personality traits , hobbies , mannerism -- not sexual preferences or habits . 
  your anecdotal evidence is as good as mine . 
  the overwhelming majority of instances of that word i 've seen have been on online dating and hook-up sites . 
   but that does n't mean you get to call people `` sissies '' if a bunch of pussies scatter with their little tails firmly between their legs instead of ganging up on and beating the crap out of five malnourished halfcocks then damn right they 're sissies , regardless of their sexual orientation . 
   and subsequently that not being masculine is a bad thing . 
  not a bad thing but certainly not attractive according to those that would use the term and most gay men in general . 
  the word straight acting is almost exclusively used in a sexual or romantic context . 
  it * is * unfortunate that heterosexuality is exclusively associated with masculinity but we are just at fault for that because face it , unmasculine men are disproportionately represented among us . 
   [ ... ] it implies that being gay is antithetical to being masculine , and subsequently that not being masculine is a bad thing . 
  actually . 
  it does n't imply that at all . 
  that second statement does n't follow the first at all . 
  when being gay is linked to a lack of masculinity that does n't automatically mean that a judgement on masculinity itself is also being made . 
  i think not . 
  if i wanted to kiss whiny , annoying people ... [ heh ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcyppas6zdi ), 
  straight acting is just an unfortunate way of saying masculine but of course someone that thinks the word `` sissy '' is a horrific homophobic slur would probably have a bug up his ass about that too . 
  i think , looking at europe now , it 's almost easy to forget the thousands of years of carnage and terror . 
  this getting-along-without-murdering-each-other-and-everyone-else thing is relatively new in the grand scheme of things . 
  those who see europeans as affable , bumbling and decadent wimps would be in for a very grim surprise if they become an nuisance . 
  the only thing separating a modern prissy metrosexual dane from a viking warrior is an iphone and a few centuries of prosperity . 
  right . 
   who are `` we '' [ ... ] gays , homosexuals , poofters , faggots etc. 
  you know , those of us who like hairy man arse . 
  it 's funny that for all your bleating about homophobia and shit it did n't even occur to you that i might be gay . 
  i 'm saying that the deck 's already stacked against us and we should n't make it even easier for people to fuck with us by refusing to stand up for ourselves . 
  i despair for the fate my people sometimes ; our situation is so damn precarious . 
  not only are our numbers too small to stand up against all but the weakest resistance , we are seemingly just too damn passive . 
  if a handful of inbred savages try to attack you in a place where you 've got them outnumbered , you do n't call the police or start crying like a sissy while they cover you in pepper spray . 
  you grab the heaviest object nearby and bash their skulls in . 
  if you accept a gene-focused theory of natural selection then homosexuality makes sense if the genes that influence it confer some evolutionary advantage somewhere else ; say , making people with gay brothers or sisters three times as likely to have children -- after all , we share 50 % of our genes with our siblings on average . 
   genes are obviously not the most important part of life , but what does it have to do with this ? 
  i am not sure we are talking about the same thing . 
  we are , i just do n't think you understand why . 
  the `` purpose '' of everything we are , our bodies , our minds etc. 
  is to propagate our genes . 
  we exist because these replicators inside our bodies began competing with each other millions of years ago ; think of evolution as an arms race and humans as the cutting edge model in a long line of mechanised battle suits . 
  you ca n't talk about the natural purposes of things without mentioning the ultimate purpose and homosexuality does not exist outside of gene theory ; the most compelling theory about it is that it is a byproduct of kin selection . 
  more relevant to my earlier point though , humans simply have different priorities than our genes . 
  you could say we are at cross-purposes with our `` nature '' . 
   suppose we have an evolved disgust reaction to bad smelling food for the purpose of not getting sick . 
  suppose in the modern world bad smelling food does not make us is sick . 
  is n't it still not natural not to like it ? 
  can you elucidate on this ? 
  preferably without the analogy ? 
   not `` feels natural '' , use your brain , not your feelings . 
  it is natural as a fact , when natural means `` according to somethings natural purpose '' , such as the purpose of the eye is seeing and the purpose of sexuality is reproduction . 
  i already addressed your peculiarly convenient definition in another post . 
  there are many definitions of the word in the dictionary but that one is not one of them . 
  i 'm not dismissing it on that fact but to say that it `` actually '' means whatever you say it means is pretty disingenuous . 
  it 's also arbitrary and restrictive . 
  according to a gene theory of evolution , the penis ' main purpose is to deliver the male gamete so that it can interact with the female gamete . 
  genes are the most basic blocks of evolution and our bodies , including our brains , are their avatars , designed over billions of years for the sole purpose of perpetuating themselves . 
  but are genes the most * important * part of life ? 
  i doubt if you asked that question to hundred people even 1 of them would say so . 
  and they are , ironically , becoming less important the more we learn about them and this is only bound to become more so as our technology advances ; would you say that a human mind existing in an artificial substrate is bound in any way by the rules of gene selection ? 
   like a dice roll . 
  it is governed by the laws of nature , but we suck at predicting it , hence it is random . 
  for us random , not for some omniscient person random . 
  it 's a weighted die . 
  whether we can see it or not is irrelevant .
