  interesting argument but i 'd still like you to elaborate . 
  i would like some proof of this patriarchy , if you may . 
  he 's using the feminist definition of patriarchy , which is just as offensive . 
  poland ca n't into lists . 
  it 's ok poland , [ you can into my heart . 
  the patriarchy is a feminist myth and so is every other bullshit system derived from it in order for them to remain relevant now that they 've run out of remotely valid things to complain about . 
  if you bring your ideological bullshit in here then others will feel compelled to speak against it . 
  why it 's that relevant ? 
   its the largest in the world . 
  more money pass 's through london than any other city in the world . 
  this does not mean that the finance sector is more influential than all others combined . 
  finance is a big sector in the uk , but not that big . 
   it might be outfunded but it is so far almost unopposed openly , maybe , because the people most interested in seeing the uk remain in the eu ( leaders of business and industry ) do n't get a convenient platform to spout out populist crap ; every minute of screen time they use , they have to pay for -- and it 'd be seen as propaganda anyway if they do it without context . 
  as soon as a set date for a referendum is announced though , millions of pounds are going to be pouring in to the pro-eu side . 
  does anyone really think people in the uk will vote to leave once all the companies and institutions that benefit from the eu bring campaigns to bear on the eve of a referendum ? 
  the eurosceptic camp is seriously outfunded and outmatched here . 
  sexy . 
  wales no !, 
  welcome to europa . 
   not at all . 
  it could be said that this is a misogynistic interpretation , although i 'm sure you did n't mean it like that . 
  is not a valid argument . 
  i 'm glad to have a local perspective on this ; that article left a bad taste in my mouth , for many reasons . 
  keep in mind these are ancient traditions though . 
  running away would have meant your sons would be killed and your wives and daugthers made someone else 's . 
  it 's a lot easier to be sneaky about having sex than sneakily avoiding dying in a battle field holding on to your intestines . 
   some girls jumped to it because they felt it improved their status in a patriarchical society . 
  no wonder , since as i 've already said , they would have been exempt from any of the harsh responsabilities actual men would have had thrust upon them . 
  apart from the celibacy , it is almost a win-win scenario . 
  so they gain many of the privileges of manhood without being being expected to make the great sacrifices ? 
  seems like an extremely forgiving institution considering the context in which it developed . 
  i wonder if such women were also expected to work as men do , serve in the military and other traditional male responsabilities . 
  good . 
  it 's nice having most of the bargaining power to get what you want . 
  all of southern europe . 
  waves of refugees hitting the south of the eu will hit the rest harder and harder the more integrated we become -- imagine actual military attack . 
  pigs are great . 
  now i 'm tempted to keep you guessing . 
  what groups get persecuted the most in hardcore islamic countries ? 
   you think turkey will ... invade spain ? 
  of course not , that 'd be idiotic . 
  interesting . 
  but who to believe ? 
  how trustworthy are the very people that are supposedly doing this likely to be ? 
  according to the turks replying to this in r/worldnews the government has been `` retiring '' officials loyal to the old order , including the military officers that have kept turkey secular . 
  it is obvious from the outside that things are changing in the country , not for the better . 
  pretty much every news coming out of there is negative . 
  i 'd get more satisfaction out of my vindication if it were n't for the fact that my people are probably the first that will be tortured and killed once turkey has had enough of its dalliance with civilisation and completely slides back into barbarism . 
  i also feel sorry for the people in places such as izmir and istanbul . 
  when you have little else to be proud off , intangible things like that become the one rallying point for people to focus all their undue pride . 
   transcendent reality what the fuck is `` transcendent reality '' ? 
  right ... 
  as i said , the teaching methods themselves have been shifted to benefit girls . 
  that too must be undone . 
  [ ... ] spain considering your country is about to possibly enter a civil war [ ... ] * snort *  i hope for the best for spain and i would never dis-respect there country , do the same for your european brothers . 
  nothing that i 've said comes even close to greece petulantly blocking macedonian accession to the eu over a reason so inane that any writer would deem it too ridiculous to put to pen were it not the sad reality . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  it 's not just that though , studies actually show boys do worse in classrooms with girls . 
  i do n't have a source handy right now but i can dig something up if you 'd like . 
  what of what i said seems trollish to you ? 
  poles ** are ** pretty damn bigoted against sexual minorities and old people dying off * would * help that , though i thought it was obvious i was joking , in the context of euthanasia . 
   supposedly ? 
  so that 's what you chose to take offense to eh ? 
  not me pointing out that the greeks have fallen so far from grace and have so few prospects for the future that they cling rabidly to a legacy they are only inheritors by virtue of name and geography -- modern greeks have as much in common with their ancestors as egyptians do with theirs . 
   lecturing others while you 're having the same problems and you 're in the process of losing one or more of your regions . 
  why would i , personally , care about that ? 
  i live in barcelona and do n't a fuck in what country it is located in or what it 's called . 
  if independent catalonia sucks i 'll simply move to madrid . 
  also , unlike countries such as the uk and france , spain has since given up most links to the old empire ; we 're the nation equivalent of retired parents that have sent their children off to university to fend for themselves while we dedicate our time to raising goats . 
  it 's not just finland were boys are falling behind . 
  it 's an issue in many countries of the developed west . 
  in our zeal to make education more accessible to girls we 've actually made our educational systems hostile to boys . 
  i 'm a strong advocate for sex-segregated schools -- or at least classrooms -- for this reason . 
  it 's become obvious that any attempt to reach parity using the same method will result in leaving one sex disadvantaged or an institutionalisation of mediocrity for both . 
  give it up , no one else cares . 
  if your future looks shitty in comparison to your supposedly glorious past , the change it instead of pining after something that 's been dust and ruin for a thousand years . 
  it 's contemptible and pathetic . 
  those poor , oppressed european wombyns !, 
  but voter turnout is pathetic in the us . 
  we 're too busy having sex with erasmus students . 
  poland ca n't into hot foreign orgy . 
  poor poland . 
  you be butt plug now . 
  right . 
  cephalopods are quite clever ; they 'd probably be even more so if they lived longer . 
  tuna and fish in general though have pretty basic brains as far as i know though . 
  yeah . 
  have a nice day . 
  hold on a second . 
  it seems as if you 're misinterpreting my position ; i never claimed that cognitive ability was irrelevant , i just said that most people 's choices on the matter have absolutely nothing to do with cognitive ability . 
  people will simply eat the food they 've been raised on . 
   can we eat people ? 
  depends ; are we talking about scavenging corpses ? 
  if so , i simply do n't care . 
  if you 're talking about slaughtering people for the sole purpose of eating them : if you want it that badly and you think you 'll be able to get away with it you 'll probably be doing it regardless of what i think -- but i do not recommend it or endorse it . 
  either you meant it , or you did n't . 
  either of them does n't bode well for a productive exchange of ideas . 
  i rationally assumed that you did n't actually mean that you were in favor of raising humans as livestock for you to consume . 
   that is a succulent load of bullshit and everyone here knows it . 
  look at the ratio of upvotes to downvotes on my post .
