  please , share . 
   the legislatur will introduce a new law soon . 
  after that there wont be any cases even making it to the bverfg . 
  i thought you were supposed to be knowledgeable about german law . 
  i am far from well informed on the matter but i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  the bundestag can introduce whatever laws they like and this would in no way interfere with the working of the courts ; if anything having actual laws allowing the practice in particular would make it easier to attack and increasing the chances it 'll be brought up before the courts as unconstitutional . 
   no , it 's only insinuations ( i never stated it as fact ) . 
  so you * were * attacking my character ? 
  you 're presuming to know what i believe in areas that i have * not * discussed and painting in the worst possible light . 
   because i find it untrue ( e.g. 
  when claiming that all german turks are getting more hypocritical ) . 
  or we could just call it `` cognitive dissonance '' if you need a nice word for the phenomenon . 
  despite of what the article wants us to take away , all i saw was the fact that turks ' claim to wish to become more integrated was not actually supported by most of the other evidence provided . 
   as a law person i woul n't bet on the bverfg banning the practice . 
  the federal constitutional court is one of `` gutsiest '' around , known around the world for unpopular and/or bold rulings . 
  not only is there no rational argument in favor of it , there 's not constitutional argument as far as i am aware . 
  the right to bodily integrity is obvious but even the right to religious freedom can be used to attack the practice based on whether the relevant rights are those of the parents or of the child . 
  and of course , there 's female circumcision to consider . 
  any argument used to defend its male counterpart in the aforementioned context would also apply here . 
   ( edit ) plus : the german public is pretty much 50-50 split on this issue the last poll i saw put the `` in-favor '' party at 64 % if i remember correctly . 
  -- but we 're getting derailed . 
  it was n't my intent to turn this into a discussion about circumcision . 
  it was just the most obvious example i could think of off the top of my head . 
   `` everything gets worse , clash of the civilizations , turks ( and the other muslims ) do n't belong in europe , soon we 'll all be forced to wear beards and burkas , etc. . '' . 
  have i actually said something like this ? 
  the closest comment i 've made that resembles what you 've typed above is where i said that i remain skeptical about whether there can be such a thing as secular islam -- apart from ataturk 's `` great '' experiemt , looking around the muslim world does n't inspire much hope and even turkey itself is a shithole . 
   if you do n't want to get pushed to the point when you have to call people cunts on reddit , you should stop posting comments of so low quality . 
  you are the one that began with the personal attacks so spare me your patronizing bullshit . 
  you do n't get to decide which comments are `` low quality '' . 
  my posts are perfectly acceptable ; they are sourced and i 've followed through on each of my claims . 
  you just do n't like what i 'm writing . 
   it is as if you wa n't to interpret everything in the direction of : `` everything gets worse , clash of the civilizations , turks ( and the other brown people ) don ' belong in europe , soon we 'll all be forced to wear beards and burkas , etc. . '' . 
  i 'm an immigrant myself , you presumptuous cunt . 
  i 'm cuban-born spaniard ; there are 111,000 of us in spain . 
   some people . 
  the ones that count i.e young people . 
  whereas young europeans are abandoning religion in droves , young turks in germany are becoming * more * religious . 
   islam is quite compatible with the host culture and has been for hundreds of years . 
  as i said , we 'll see how compatible when the constitutional court rules on circumcision or other similar issues are brought up in the future . 
   that enormous leap of a whole 4 % . 
  that 's quite a lot when compared to similar statistics for non-turks in germany of the same age group . 
   i think you may be exaggerating just a little . 
  besides the real story there is about 2 out of 3 german turks dont see themselves as strictly religious and 78 % `` absolutely and without reservations want to integrate into german society , `` 95 percent say that all children with turkish backgrounds should go to day care facilities so as to learn german prior to entering school . '', 
  no , the real story here is that more young turks are * more * likely to claim that islam is the `` one true religion '' . 
  that 's a recipe for peaceful cohabitation right there . 
   the law can easily be changed so as to not as discriminate against religious minorities which is what banning the practice actually is . 
  no , it can not be changed because this is not a law but the german constitutions which specifically establishes the right to bodily integrity and religious freedom and infant/childhood circumcision interferes with both . 
  they court will be weighing the rights of the parents to inflict this upon their sons vs. the right of the boys themselves . 
  i was n't . 
  i specifically mentioned * both * secularism and the abandonment of religion . 
  read the article ? 
  it 's right there in front of you . 
  * * `` for example , whereas only 8 percent of those surveyed said they were in favor of purely turkish-language elementary schools for children with turkish backgrounds , 62 percent ( up from 40 percent in 2010 ) said they prefer hanging out with fellow turks . 
  '' * * * `` in addition , even as the willingness to integrate appears to be on the rise , the number of those who identify germany as their homeland appears to be dropping . 
  whereas 21 percent said they saw germany as more of a homeland than turkey in 2010 , that number has now dropped to 15 percent . 
  '' * * * `` 15 percentage points higher than the average for all respondents . 
  seventy-two percent say that islam is `` the only true religion . 
  '' * * * `` indeed , even as the number of those who identify themselves as strictly religious is rising ( from 33 percent in 2009 to 37 percent this year ) , '' * -- german turks just seem to be becoming better hypocrites by saying that they want to integrate yet at the same time distancing themselves more and more from german society . 
   turkey is more secular than any european country i can think of . 
  they have far more restrictions on religious symbols in public than other european nations . 
  de facto vs. de jure secularity . 
  the united states is also supposedly more secular than most of europe according to its laws but in practice , and particularly when it comes to the beliefs of its people , not so much . 
   also regarding circumcision , it was ruled to be legal under freedom of religion outlined in the german constitution and has never been banned . 
  what you disagree with is the interpretation of that law and want a new law introduced to ban it . 
  the german constitution does not specifically mention circumcision , only freedom of religion and the right to bodily integrity . 
  the practice was never taken into account when the constitution was drafted in the first place , such as how the american bill of rights guaranteed many rights for free men but does not mention slavery . 
  when this issue finally makes its way to the constitutional court , it * will * doubtlessly rule that circumcision is a violation of the child 's rights and that 's when shit will hit the fan and we 'll really see just how integrated german turks are . 
  there 's no need for any laws to be brought into place to ban the practice , just a reinterpretation of the constitution according to modern arguments . 
   what you want is a change in the current german legal system , not the muslims/jews who presumably want it to remain as it is . 
  that is completely irrelevant to my point to begin with since what i was pointing out is that a majority of germans want it banned which shows yet another glaring cultural gap between germans and turks . 
   the survey was done on a sufficiently big sample and the younger parts of the group said they were more eager about integrating fully into society [ ... ] that 's what they * said * they wanted but it is ** not ** what they are actually doing . 
  you 're cherrypicking , just like the fucking title . 
  they said they want to integrate more but they 're increasingly adopting beliefs that puts them at odds with german society and developing more in-group affinity . 
   i have a few german turkish friends who were no different at all from the germans i knew , fully acceepted by the germans and absolutely no issues whatsoever , they would party with them , fight alongside them , get drunk with them . 
  opinion surveys are not that great as far as evidence goes but they sure as hell beat your personal anecdotes . 
   can these be integrated and still be religious , yes of course . 
  not really . 
  europe , the most secular continent on earth by far , is becoming not only increasingly more so , people are abandoning religion altogether . 
  integration , by definition , requires the abandonment of those beliefs that are most incompatible with the host culture . 
  the survey above says that young turks in germany are becoming more religious , not less , with is the exact opposite of young germans -- and young europeans in general . 
  when the demographic ( youth ) that will one day make up the backbone of the country is actually pulling away from itself you ca n't say that society 's becoming more integrated . 
  a recent example was the circumcision controversy in germany -- muslims practice genital mutilation and even `` secular '' turks embrace the practice while germans are in favor of banning it . 
  the german constitution itself guarantees the right to bodily integrity ; what happens when the issue reaches the bundesverfassungsgericht ? 
  this issue 's not simply going to go away . 
  no snow niggers in europa ! ^ ^ hehe, 
   `` questions about the recent escalation of racism and xenophobia in europe . '', 
  you 're begging the question . 
  i recommend everyone actually read the article . 
  the title is pretty fucking dishonest . 
  what the results are that turks are actually growing farther apart from german culture and are instead just saying that `` they would like to integrate '' yet their actions and beliefs do not reflect this statement in any way . 
  why ca n't you just answer my very simple question ? 
  you 've already admitted that the foreskin is erogenous ; all i need to conclude my argument is for you to admit that it is also the most fine-touch sensitive part of the penis . 
  do you have any arguments against the latter claim ? 
   since you 're an activist , i would n't rule out that you might have confirmation bias . 
  everyone is subject to bias whether they are activists or not , that includes you . 
  as a circumcised man , for example , you 're probably very eager to discount any evidence that would act as an attack against your sexual abilities but i did n't feel compelled to bring it up . 
  do you really want to make things personal ? 
  you 've got a lot more invested in this subject than i do , even if i * am * an activist by the simple fact that you are irrevocably circumcised and will never have nay choice in the matter while i am an intact man . 
   '' [ ... ] orgasm intensity , and effort required for achieving orgasm through stimulation of specified areas around the glans and shaft of the penis , scrotum and anus [ ... ] that is what the above study measured ; it has nothing to do with fine-touch sensitivity . 
  please find me an article that measures fine-touch sensitivity between intact and circumcised penises or concede that the intact penis is more sensitive to this particular type of sensation .
