   while objective measurements can be statistically significant , they need not reflect on experiences in real life . 
  that 's a pretty bold claim . 
  if objective data were n't indicative then science as we know it would n't be possible . 
  you 're basically saying that hearsay is more valid than hard data in every possible instance . 
  surveys have their place in science obviously but areas where the topic is subject to high emotional investment such as this is not one of them . 
  ** also , and for the third fucking time : all these self-reported studies are biased from the beginning by the simple fact that they only represent the views of men that * chose * to become circumcised which indicates a preference or need for circumcision . 
   no i do n't . 
  i find the glans to be the most sensitive . 
  that is not the answer for the question i asked . 
  [ i asked if you accepted that the foreskin was the most * fine-touch * sensitive part of the penis . 
  ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1464-410x.2006.06685.x/full ) it 's a different kind of sensation altogether . 
  so i ask again , do you accept that the foreskin is the most fine-touch sensitive part of the penis . 
  if you do n't i 'd like to see a citation please . 
  one that specifically notes this particular form of sensation , like the one i quoted above . 
   i saw you 're comment history , it seems like most of your comments are about circumcision and mens ' rights . 
  i 'm a mr/genital integrity activist ; it sort of comes with the territory . 
  i have another account where i post most of my unimportant comments . 
   even if one study is scientifically sound , you 'll find reasons to debunk it . 
  do you disagree with my reasons for why objective measurements are more reliable than personal anecdotes in this context ? 
  this is not a rebuttal , it 's whining . 
   you 're foreskin is more sensitive than your glans ? 
  in different ways . 
  fine-touch sensitivity is something else . 
  it adds breadth of sensation , it is what allows you to read braille with your fingertips but not your cockhead . 
  not all mechanoreceptors respond to the same type of stimulus . 
  so , do you accept that the foreskin is the most * fine-touch * sensitive part of the penis ? 
  --  there are tens of articles in the link i posted , are all of them based on ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) ? 
  no , not all of them . 
  there are also studies where penile response is measured but the foreskin is ignored and only data for the parts of the penis that both parties possess are taken into account , which is obviously unfair , etc. 
  there are also methodologically sound surveys of course , but at the end of the day they still rely on personal experience which will never be as good as objective measurements . 
  as i said , my third point applies universally as these surveys are of men that * chose * to undergo circumcision which means they were already biased towards circumcision to begin with . 
  there are also all sorts of cognitive biases that surveys ca n't account for such as overcompensation due to buyer 's remorse , sunken cost bias or just outright denial . 
   foreskin is an erogenous zone . 
  good . 
  do you admit that the foreskin is the most fine-touch sensitive part of the penis ? 
   citation needed . 
  it 's a list full of citations that you fucking quoted to me !, 
  i assumed you were aware of what it contained ? 
  try looking up the articles on it on pubmed . 
  as to this : * `` they are also intrinsically biased towards men that chose to get circumcised for some reason , revealing an inherent preference towards circumcision . 
  '' * it requires not citation since all adult circumcision are elective procedures by definition . 
  ** i will ask this question for the third fucking time : do you accept that the foreskin is an erogenous structure ? 
  ** --  wait , you 're discounting the science of peer-reviewed papers just because they 're based on surveys ? 
  that list of surveys includes studies where the men all had penises that were n't functioning properly prior to circumcision ( phimosis ) or were conducted in countries where circumcision is both prevalent and socially enforced . 
  ( turkey & muslims countries ) they are also intrinsically biased towards men that * chose * to get circumcised for some reason , revealing an inherent preference towards circumcision . 
  they tell us nothing about the functional differences between intact and circumcised cocks . 
   you do know that they do n't take all the foreskin out right ? 
  a bit of inner foreskin mucosa usually remains but i do n't see how that is relevant to my point . 
  the functional structure of foreskin and most of its sensory apparatus is destroyed . 
  also , you did n't answer my question : do you accept the foreskin is itself erogenous ? 
   check this out . 
  surveys are next to worthless here since they ca n't account for a myriad of variables . 
  look at the studies that actually * measure * penile sensitivity . 
  also , you have to discount all studies that do n't actually measure the sensitivity of the foreskin itself ; look instead at the part labeled `` foreskin sensitivity '' . 
  the most comprehensive study ever done on penile sensitivity had this to say about the subject : [ the glans of the circumcised penis is less sensitive to fine touch than the glans of the uncircumcised penis . 
  the transitional region from the external to the internal prepuce is the most sensitive region of the uncircumcised penis and more sensitive than the most sensitive region of the circumcised penis . 
  circumcision ablates the most sensitive parts of the penis . 
  ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1464-410x.2006.06685.x/full ) -- ** answer a question for me . 
  do you accept the fact that the foreskin is erogenous in itself ? 
   you are making up ( i would have noticed ) how could you possibly have noticed ? 
  did you get circumcised as an adult for non-medical reasons ? 
  the scientific literature is clear on the fact that the foreskin is erogenous tissue and highly sensitive to other forms of stimulus as well . 
  you cant simply remove specialized nerve endings and still claim the function is the same . 
   are you saying all of them are horribly traumatized individuals ? 
  this is a strawman . 
  where did i say this ? 
  what i did say is that besides the obvious physical abuse component , practices like circumcision also involve psychological abuse because parents influence their children to accept the abuse as normal and pass it on to the next generation . 
   and it is often ( always ? ), 
  done with anesthesia . 
  wrong . 
  you really should n't become involved in arguments if you do n't have at least a basic grasp on the subject you 're arguing about . 
  the overwhelming majority of circumcisions are performed with no pain relief whatsoever and even when some pain relief is administered , it is not enough in the case of infant circumcision because babies are too sensitive to anesthesia . 
   female circumcision is designed to , and has the effect of , eliminating or severely reducing the woman 's ability to feel sexual pleasure . 
  google what people such as kellogg and maimonides had to say about male circumcision in respect to sexual satisfaction . 
  that said , once again you 're speaking from ignorance . 
  `` female circumcision '' is a very broad category . 
  the more correct name would be female genital mutilation or female genital cutting and some forms of it are much less severe than male circumcision . 
   after the risk of complications during the initial surgery , male circumcision is arguably harmless . 
  you mean , apart from the excruciating pain and loss of sexual function as well as all the problems it can lead to during adulthood ? 
  you have a very high threshold for what constitutes `` harm '' . 
  what part of `` grievous bodily harm '' do n't you understand ? 
  should we stop jailing people that snap and beat the shit out of someone because they 're not likely to do it again ? 
  that said , circumcision does not only entail `` physical '' harm , it is also has an emotional and psychological abuse component because parents that circumcise their children will normalize the practice , basically raising their kids to embrace their victimization and * pass it on * to their own children in turn . 
  removing the kids from that situation before they can be brainwashed into perpetuating the abuse is key if this barbaric practice is to be ended . 
   note that i am only talking about male circumcision . 
  i do n't see why the distinction even needs to be made . 
  genital mutilation is genital mutilation . 
  the same thing done to parents that severely abuse their children : take the kids away and jail the parents . 
   then all those euro superstate loonies will look pretty dumb . 
  would n't a united europe just be even stronger in comparison ? 
  i do n't think you really thought this through . 
  what would be the point of that ? 
  it would be costly and inefficient . 
  oh look , turkey is being a cunt . 
  i guess it must be wednesday . 
  there is no `` uk '' anymore in the proposed map . 
  you 'd have either `` ireland '' or `` northern & southern ireland '' . 
  all it would accomplish is having a bunch of yanks ganging up on the few people that might be interested enough to go over there ; it 's not exactly neutral territory . 
  -- we like our firearms regulations and believe they work for us . 
  whether they do or not at the end of the day there is still less violent crimes in our countries than in the us -- even if gun control has nothing to do with that , having americans attempt to lecture us on how to create a safe society is not only laughable but also insulting .
