  most genital mutilation in the world is done while the victims are preteens , who we deem unable to consent to many other things . 
  you said it was traditional and meaningful in that sense to those that practice it , you failed to prove why it should be allowed in the context of the harm it causes . 
   they both imply positive things unless outweighed by negative you 're begging the question here . 
  i would like you to elaborate on this cost benefit analysis . 
  -- also , do n't think i 've forgotten the actual point of this discussion . 
  do you deny that physical abuse is harmful ? 
   i still do n't understand the idea that isolating a child for x minutes ( the televisual favourite discipline ) is somehow better than being spanked . 
  my parents tried both on me , and though i hated both , the former was definitely more painful . 
  in the end though , pain is just pain , it exists for corrective purposes , if used for that purpose i see absolutely nothing wrong with it . 
  there are plenty of studies that demostrate the repercussions of physical abuse on children . 
   i also see nothing wrong with non-infibulatory genital mutilation . 
  justify this . 
  moral relativism is nice and all as a counter to objectivism but do n't sit here and pretend that it has any relevance to the individual ; specially when you know very well that * you * and i are more likely to value the same things than not . 
  you said :  `` the latest generation is not better than the earlier ones despite the fact the methods of punishment have changed . '', 
  objectively , this is true , in the same way that giving a five year old boy a piece of cake and shoving a red-hot iron poker up his ass are only meaningfully distinctive through the lens of our evolutionary history . 
  leave this navel-gazing philosophising where it belongs ; serving my drinks . 
  i wrote above of how my father was beaten with a piece of folded garden hose as a child and he in turn as stories of even more brutal abuse from an earlier generation . 
  the one thing they all have in common ? 
  no matter how vicious the abuse , the victims would make excuses for it , saying that they deserved it and that they are better people for it -- even though there is quite literally not a single way which people of my generation would consensually agree that to be the case . 
  there is not a single form of abuse , no matter how monstruous , that children will not rationalise if there is enough social pressure to do so -- a perfect example are victims of genital mutilation . 
  talk to an american about how they feel about their mangled penises , for an interesting parallel . 
  you 're babbling like an idiot . 
  stick to the subject at hand : child abuse . 
  but you do n't , because you too are a product of this generation , with a evolved sense of ethics and reason to match ; humans are , after all , getting less religious and superstitious among other things . 
  interesting red herring , but i wo n't bite . 
  i 've got data ; what do you have ? 
  [ human development ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_shows_the_best_stats_you_ve_ever_seen.html?utm_expid=166907-16&amp;utm_referrer=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.com%2f ) [ violence ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_on_the_myth_of_violence.html ) the fact is that humans today are the wealthiest , healthiest , most peaceful and kindest than throughout all of human history . 
  any positive metric you might care to mention , we 've improved upon . 
   the latest generation is not better than the earlier ones despite the fact the methods of punishment have changed . 
  markedly untrue . 
  each human generation over a long-enough period of time has been better than the last . 
  the human condition has been steadily improving throughout recorded history . 
  so not at all how what `` you 've done to parts of spain '' , then . 
  you 'd be saying the same thing if your parents beat you with a garden hose , as was common in my dad 's generation . 
  he makes excuses for it just as you do . 
  it 's a common rationalisation by victims of socially-condoned child abuse , regardless of how severe . 
   there 's nothing wrong with hitting your kids . 
  next thing you 're going to say that your parents hit you and you turned out just fine . 
  your description of the east is not really the opposite of what you 've described as the west . 
  you might find it offensive but that does n't mean it is n't true , at least partly . 
  umm yes ? 
  brits in spain are generally not homophobic pricks for once . 
  in fact picking up horny , sloshed brits is an official pastime among my friends ; the younger ones might annoying sometimes but they at least contribute to the local community with their cocks . 
  how is that relevant to the point of the article ? 
  that 's illegal here . 
  that means `` clothes '' in spanish . 
  the potential benefits of this are larger than the lhc 's , at a fraction of the cost . 
   apparently maastricht does n't allow that . 
  nor should it . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's part of the joke but that 's a straight guy . 
  oh russia , i am so going to enjoy seeing you burn . 
  i just looked at your post history . 
  have a nice day . 
  can you actually address my arguments ? 
   and everyone knows , once the gays go , civilization goes with them , because , uh ... it 's just obvious !, 
  there 's a very strong correlation between the two . 
  how many countries where homosexuals are persecuted would you actually want to live in , compared to the inverse ? 
  civilisation is more than economic and scientific development . 
  i doubt you 'd call the uae civilised , no matter how many phallic skyscrapers they build . 
  did you actually read what this law may be banning ? 
  the subject of homosexuality wo n't be allowed to be discussed with minors , which means all organisations currently helping teens struggling with their sexuality will be illegal . 
  do you know what the rate of suicide among gay kids is ? 
  what if gays wish to protest what appears to be an increasingly more vicious witchhunt ? 
  gay propaganda . 
  any newspaper that writes against the persecution ? 
  people that speak out against it online ? 
  public displays of affection such as kissing ( and holding hands i imagine ) have also been suggested , basically completely erasing gay people from the public eye and pushing homosexuals further to the fringes of society and obscuring their actual prevalence , allowing for more and more dehumanisation the more same-sex attraction is seen as an extremely rare , isolated thing as opposed to being evenly distributed among all levels of society , ethnicities and groups . 
  do you really think that this will end here ? 
  do you think that they will be satisfied once this law is passed ? 
  what does homosexual propaganda even mean ? 
  yes !, 
  mandatory gay marriages for all !, 
  wait , is that not what you meant ? 
  no we are not . 
  our economy is shit right now but we 're still very much a developed country . 
  do you honestly believe that not only will we we not recover from the current crisis but that things will keep getting indefinitely worse here ? 
  even on a global scale , most countries are getting less poor , not more so . 
  why does everyone always forget spain and portugal ? 
  it 's funny that you should link that thread . 
  i made [ ** this ** ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y2w0xiy.png ) yesterday for those ` urop !, 
  moments . 
  the bull was my favourite suggestion in there . 
   [ ... ] our weight around if we have to . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  i 'm not really talking about armed conflict , i find that extremely unlikely and it 's not a concern at all . 
  i mean social , political and economic instability . 
  we are worried about instability following independence . 
  i personally do n't think the country will become a third-world warzone overnight but conflict-free separation does n't exactly have a lot of precedent on this continent . 
  i personally do n't care whether britain stays or leaves . 
  all i want at this point is for this ridiculous tug of war between your country and the eu to stop dominating the discourse ; there are more important issues we could be addressing . 
  i like the work i 'm doing here and my partner loves having his home base in barcelona . 
  it 's going to suck having to pick up our lives and fuck off to madrid . 
  i can not overstate how significant these two projects are . 
  i am * so * fucking proud and excited . 
  as important as it is , it is still not more influential than all other industries combined . 
  the very existence of a `` the patriarchy '' itself is contentious . 
  yup . 
  maybe if i get brave i 'll actually make a polandball comic . 
  thank you . 
  it took me more time than it should have drawing the stupid thing .
