  lets generalise men by the good they do , also in contrast to women . 
  you know , like being * directly * responsible for basically every single aspect of our technological civilisation ; from the very bottom by mining the coal that powers our world , building the roads we drive on and the pipes that keep us from literally drowning in our own shit all the way to the very top of scientific achievement . 
   did refugees bring sexual assault to germany ? 
  i doubt it . 
  specially considering that german women are probably raping german men at about the same rate as the inverse ; if they 're stats are similar to those in the us . 
  but please , go on with your misandrist narrative . 
  north africa and the middle east are some of the most religious homogeneous regions on earth . 
  you poor thing . 
  sucks all those women are getting sexually assaulted and raped , but of course the real victim here is you and all those other poor people that everyone will be terrified of after this mess . 
  we know who the `` outside influences '' are . 
  the saudis , islamic `` moderates '' like turkey that support them behind closed doors , the people of the muslim world that privately share most of their horrible beliefs . 
  but if you think that putting isis down will stop this , you 're going to have to support that with some evidence because i think you 're speaking with too much certainty . 
   doing something instead of nothing is n't an answer . 
  now you 're just repeating yourself . 
  care to , you know , substantiate the crap you 're pulling out of your butthole ? 
   it 's what people like you say when you do n't have an answer but want to give one anyway . 
  who says i do n't ? 
  i plenty of ideas ; most of them unfortunately remain politically unviable -- for now . 
  but i get the feeling they wo n't remain that way for long . 
   and so far , they have a pretty good track record of not falling to well-equipped armies . 
  taliban still exists , al qaeda still exists , isis still exists . 
  so you might be overestimating that . 
  the reason that is the case is not because they 're fierce soldiers , too skilled or too powerful . 
  it 's because we 're too nice . 
  if we did n't concern ourselves with such things as collateral damage , domestic public backlash and international opinion they 'd all be wiped out in a couple of lazy afternoons . 
  you underestimate the sheer destructive power that modern , technologically advanced militaries can bring to bear . 
  who cares about the freaking refugees ? 
  they 're honestly the last hing on my mind . 
  i ca n't fathom why people are even talking about them . 
  there * is * an optimal medium between doing nothing and doing that which would be maximally effective but we 're not yet ready to bear the moral burden for . 
  now we just need to find that medium . 
  stopping isis would n't make any difference in europe as most of our terrorists are home grown . 
  what would we do with this information if we had it ? 
  even if we learn which terrorist group was behind it and manage catch some of them , what will that fix in the long term ? 
  for all we know this was organised by the perpetrators alone but even if not , information wo n't make much difference . 
  we jail these ones and a hundred more will be waiting in line to commit the next massacre and they might very well be completely unrelated to these guys . 
   how many third generation immigrants to europe do n't adopt the native language and aspects of the local culture ? 
  except where it matters . 
  that 's sort of the freaking point . 
  younger muslim generations become more radical than their parents and grandparents , not less -- and thus less integrated . 
  that 's not true . 
  the problem with european muslims is that the younger generations are * less * assimilated than their immigrant grandparents and parents . 
  i was almost gay-bashed by a bunch of dress-wearing , bearded cunts in the se suburbs of melb not too long ago . 
  i found it very ironic that the only people that have ever given me any trouble in australia were other immigrants . 
  what do you consider `` polish traditions ? '' . 
  eating the polish food their grandma cooks ? 
  there are basically no polish enclaves left in the us , polish is not spoken except among the elderly and recent immigrants . 
  virtually all of the old european immigrants communities are completely assimilated these days . 
  there are ethnic enclaves all over the us . 
  little havana and little haiti in miami are good examples . 
  but they only reason they persist is because of the constant stream of new immigrants ; the younger generations are constantly being assimilated into american culture . 
  in some instances , in those cultures that are no longer receiving new blood , such as the old german , finnish , swedish areas of the midwest there 's basically no european culture left there . 
  also the case for scottish , irish , polish and italian to a ( not much ) lesser extent . 
  then you should know better . 
  third generation latinos no longer no longer speak spanish , ca n't even cook traditional dishes and are culturally american for most intent and purposes . 
  i grew up in miami too . 
  the us is * multi-ethnic * but definitely not multi-cultural , even now . 
  though that is , unfortunately , slowly changing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melting_pot you 're not american . 
  probably have never set foot in the us . 
  if you had you would n't be repeating the same ridiculous statement . 
  what 's you 're saying is the exact opposite of reality . 
  where the fuck did you hear this crap ? 
  i grew up in miami ; one of the immigrant hubs of hte us . 
  once again , you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  the united states and brazil are not multicultural , they 're assimilationist . 
  canada i do n't know much about apart from the fact that most of their immigrants are from peaceful backgrounds ( chiense , hindu etc ) and the muslims they do have are highly educated ones that fled their shithole home countries . 
   there were polish , jewish , italian subcultures in the past , and they still exist , but they 're less strong as the generations passing by leads to more and more americanization . 
  the ` melting pot ' is integral to us culture as a whole . 
  [ you have no fucking idea what you 're talking about . 
  stop spreading this bullshit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melting_pot ) american melting pot assimilation strategy is about getting immigrants to abandon their culture and become american . 
  hence why those communities no longer speak their old languages and they will consider themselves american first and foremost . 
  you 've got that completely wrong . 
  `` melting pot '' means the opposite of what you think it means . 
  the canadian `` salad bowl '' model is the one where immigrants keep their culture . 
  the melting pot analogy means that immigrants leave their old culture behind and becomes american . 
  also creates strong social bonds [ ... ] only among the in-group . 
  not a good thing in a modern pluralistic civlisations . 
  just move them all to eastern thrace and we 're in business ; it 's not like there 's that may of them these days . 
  apart from izmir the anatolian bit of turkey is shit anyway . 
  how can you say that without any fucking irony ? 
  has it occurred to you that maybe the fact that the government needs to provide funds for their protection is somehow linked to why they 're leaving ? 
  the us has uavs , aircraft carriers and elite squads equipped with technology so expensive and advanced it makes even some developed country 's forces look like cavemen in comparison . 
  it 's been a long time since the amount of troops has mattered in warfare . 
  i know right ?!, 
  i stopped saying that out loud because people just look at me in disgust , like i could n't possibly understand the depths of their suffering . 
  economic cooperation for the purpose of getting richer is just one small aspect . 
  without a way to project the power those gained resources get you , you 're still just as irrelevant . 
  i 'm an american citizen by virtue of growing up in the states , though i was n't born there . 
  though i never really fit in the us ; i can see why it is easy for americans to be so proud of their country . 
  it is magnificent ; rich , powerful , scientifically and academically productive , vibrant and culturally relevant . 
  what is europe in comparison ? 
  a loosely affiliated congregation of tiny , irrelevant , demographically collapsing kingdoms with a lot of history and very little future . 
  maybe the reasons ( western ) europeans are so down on themselves is that they are educated enough to have , at some level , seen the writing in the wall and internalised this bleak destiny . 
  people from poor , ignorant countries have the luxury of unmerited nationalism . 
  i could go on about economic and political benefits , etc. 
  which i believe to be valid but unlike some , on both sides of the isle , i 've never denied that some of the reasons i am a federalist is because it appeals to my sense of pride , glory and wonder . 
  a union of 500 million people , facing the rest of the world as one , with a common purpose and proportional influence and resources , is a lot more inspiring than one of 60 million that barely manages to keep itself together -- and that coincidentally applies to your country as easily as mine . 
  have you ever played europa universalis ?
