do you honestly see this conflict leading to an comfortable conclusion ? 
  every single time russia invades a country people say that it 's an isolated accident and russia surely wo n't do it again . 
  this is the third time . 
  i want to polish germans too . 
  i hope germany gets invaded next , even if we have to sacrifice poor poland . 
  a phobia is an irrational fear ; it 's not irrational when you have every cause to be afraid . 
  once again , so what ? 
  this story is both relevant and of interest to this community . 
  the intent of the poster is firmly secondary to the fact that he is sharing good and novel content with us . 
  and by the way , just because he 's part of an anti-circumcision community does n't make him a sock puppet . 
  in that case i 'd be more likely to be one since i regularly post to three anti-circumcision subredditsr/mensrights , r/intactivists and r/trueatheism . 
  activists being passionate about their issues and wanting to share news in the field with people to whom these news would affect/be interesting to is commendable , not some kind of attack . 
  i 'm * proud * that the european community is one where children 's rights activists will feel welcome to share their successes and be embraced for it . 
  europeans are against circumcision , the younger , more socially conscious readership of r/europe even more so . 
  i 've been reading and participating in this community for a couple of years and not once has the opinion here been anything but outright disgust towards the practice . 
  in other words , it has nothing to do with brigading . 
  at most you can accuse op of inciting but even then he 's very much on topic as this is a subject that is of interest to us here . 
   what i 'm not going to deny is that i should n't have assumed german circumstances in a thread about norway without explicitly mentioning it . 
  your three points in question are relevant anywhere , not just norway . 
  but that one in particular . 
  using the threat of `` back alley circumcision '' as an argument against a ban is utterly ridiculous . 
   well , what would happen if the whole thing was outlawed and some still want to have their circumcision ? 
  the same thing that happens for parents that want to circumcise their daughters . 
   but please , enlighten me about your plan to get germany to outlaw mgm . 
  basically a lost cause for the moment ; public support is with us but your government is , as expected , weak and misandrist . 
  efforts to regulate it better are welcomed but would offer only a small marginal reduction of suffering , specially in the long term . 
  jews will not agree to using pain relief on the children they mutilate so the whole endeavour is barely more than a farce . 
  traditional mohelim are quite skilled at what they do so there would be not much net benefit from medical supervision . 
  there 's a reason so much of our funds and attention is focused on the nordic countries and why your arguments in the context of this thread are wholly irrelevant e.g the back alley circumcision hogwash . 
  or are you going to deny that you said that ? 
   like the abhorrent claim that what works for fgm somewhere else will work for mgm in germany ? 
  your reasoning for why that is so is fallacious . 
  do you even remember what started this discussion ? 
  your myopic , insulting dig about back-alley circumcisions . 
  in that context , yes , fgc and mgc are rather similar and your defence of * that * farcical statement is what brought us here . 
  do you want me to quote your post word for word ? 
  here it is :  nope , because we do n't have any sizeable population that does female circumcision . 
  if the prevalence of circumcisions among , say , jews were as low as it 's in the former east block , then i 'd be for a right-out ban . 
   the thing is : it is impossible to force parents to not circumcise their kids . 
  relying on criminal measures just does n't work , whereas social engineering can curb back the practice until it has no noticeable support in the segments of population at hand . 
  right now we have portions of the jewish population claiming that a ban would make jewish life in germany impossible , which is a rather touchy subject as i bet you can imagine . 
   there 's also one major difference : female circumcision is a tribal , male circumcision a religious matter . 
   and , yes , circumcisions under non-medical conditions should be firmly outlawed . 
  there 's no excuse for that . 
  --  i still do n't fucking get why you seem to prefer the current situation . 
  do you honestly believe that or are you simply using it as a cheap manoeuvre to attack my emotions ? 
  i want what is best for boys , nothing more or less . 
  how about you actually offer a reply to my arguments instead , as i 've been polite enough to do for you ? 
  stop derailing the damn discussion . 
  you are not fucking listening to me . 
  there are countries where fgc is endemic and the practice was banned -- and guess what ? 
  fgc is decreasing around the world due to the pressure being exerted . 
  even if that is occurring in spite of these bans , it 's certainly not counter-productive enough to reverse this trend . 
  your whole argument is based upon a fucking lie , that capitulation is required in order to achieve results and that genital cutting simply can not be banned by the people that practice it . 
  you 're avoiding the subject at hand ( the wrongness of your claims ) and also ignoring the rest of my post above , above the repercussions of banning fgc in countries where it is endemic . 
  your whole argument is begging the question . 
  that 's not an alternative , it 's a capitulation . 
  we fully understand most countries wo n't have the moral courage to do what is right ; hell , no countries do at the moment , at least not when it comes to the rights of males . 
  but that 's not what your post above is about . 
  you fully understand that your position is cowardly so you attempt to rationalise it by listing ways you believe fgc and mgc are different enough to guarantee different approaches . 
  but they are not . 
  -- even in the context of history , a majority of germans still believe child circumcision is unethical . 
  sure , except for the part where you are wrong about everything . 
   nope , because we do n't have any sizeable population that does female circumcision . 
  fgc has been banned in plenty of the places where it is endemic ; and guess what ? 
  campaigns against it are working nonetheless , slowly . 
   there 's also one major difference : female circumcision is a tribal , male circumcision a religious matter . 
  the motivations behind fgc are as diverse as those behind mgc . 
  in all my years as a genital integrity activist i 've never heard a single reasonable argument as to why the two are different . 
   and , yes , circumcisions under non-medical conditions should be firmly outlawed . 
  there 's no excuse for that . 
  funnily enough that applies to traditional jewish circumcision anyways as they refuse to use pain relief , among other issues . 
  -- it always amuses me to see otherwise seemingly rational people bend themselves into knots to avoid being devoured by their own cognitive dissonance in the context of genital cutting . 
  most men in the world do . 
  it contains one of the two most erogenous parts of the penis and is the most fine-touch sensitive bit of it . 
  do you apply the same reasoning to female circumcision ? 
  oh and by the way , religious circumcisions are already `` backstreet '' . 
  they are done in non-medical conditions , without pain relief . 
  at first glance it seems like a reasonable argument but it 's not at all . 
  many more males would die as a result of being circumcised than would from not being cut at all , even if they did n't wash their cocks once in their life . 
  at most you 'd have a higher chance of getting penile cancer in old age and some local infections . 
  yes , most men . 
  m2m sexual contact is very common in those settings and that 's only according to studies based on self-reporting , the actual rates are probably many times higher as there is basically no demographic i can think of that would be less likely to betray such behaviour . 
   i take it by that you 're referring to childhood experimentation ? 
  if so , no . 
  of course not . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you keep coming back to it , you 're gay . 
  that basically means most men in circumstances where there is no access to women and a high degree of competition e.g. 
  prison , the military etc. 
   `` culture '' as an excuse has as much to do with it as does `` convenience '' does in prison . 
  nothing changes the simple fact that sexual contact between two men is gay . 
  so you do n't believe that opportunistic homosexuality is a thing ? 
  that basically means that according to your standards most men are gay . 
   thus jeopardize all normal marriages . 
  how ? 
  germany is one of the most well-liked countries in the world . 
   no one likes us . 
  ** we just pay for a lot of it . 
  ** i wonder why ... 
  hahaha .
