  the future , barring the usual unforeseen incident , is clear . 
  it 's not pointless if like me , you believe that irrational beliefs such as religion are harmful to society and must be challenged at every turn . 
  it 's not just a pointless , spiteful insult regardless of the original intent of the artist . 
  the only acceptable way to handle such a situation is to continue to * make use * of the hard-earned rights that it 's taken us centuries of constant warfare and strife to establish . 
  we * should * keep making those views public and we * should * keep imprisoning/deporting anyone that attempts to do violence to us because of it . 
  if you ca n't freely take advantage of your rights then you can not be said to have them at all . 
  hmm . 
   how is it worse than becoming a ` vassal ' of the 4th reich . 
  because that 's not hyperbole at all . 
   if you look at the last century uk and us have been two of the most stable countries in the world and have promoted liberty . 
  the world is changing . 
  the uk is rapidly becoming insignificant and the us is in terminal decline . 
  europe is at peace with itself and more likely than ever in the history if the continent to remain that way . 
  regardless of what some morons may say , there 's no future for the uk if it decides to go at it alone and any brits that is ignorant enough to believe that they have more in common with americans than with the rest of europe should actually try to living there , as i have . 
   maybe if we try to understand , we can avoid pissing off quite so many people for no real reason in the future . 
  i see no reason why we should , in fact , do that . 
  a sad end to the nation that once ruled the world that would be ; a vassal of one of its former colonies . 
  of course it would never happen , but if it did and it was supported by the british people then they would well deserve their new company . 
  holy fuck , it 's happening faster than i thought possible . 
  * i am almost certain to see a federal eu within my lifetime . 
  * it 's like i 've suddenly stepped through a doorway into a new world . 
   but when they say that jyllands-posten deliberately offended them , at least they 're right on the money . 
  so what ? 
  whether they were offended or not is completely irrelevant to our cultural standards and laws . 
  i do n't give a fuck how they feel about it . 
   they just hate the people who they think slighted their infallible god by creating and publishing the cartoons , well knowing it is haram and upsetting to devout muslims . 
  so they feel that non-muslims should be bound by muslim religious beliefs . 
  how is this not the same thing ? 
  they hate the fact that non-muslims are not forced to censor themselves according to muslim doctrine . 
  it was a joke ... 
  merkel 's like `` get out of the way , ho ! '', 
  and clouds should be made on of cotton candy . 
  in the real world , people like money . 
  what message ? 
  do n't fuck up your economy and you two can get a raise every ten years ? 
  germany knows how to manage itself , very few of our countries are in a position to criticize their spending . 
  and you do n't need a smartphone or a laptop etc. 
  first raise in ten years in one of europe strongest economies ? 
  why should she not ? 
  and switzerland will be a national park . 
  having sampled a large variety , i 'd say that germans do really have the best sausages . 
  but does the position have to be called president ? 
  the chinese have a chairman and germany a chancellor -- both of those are a lot more interesting . 
  i came in here hoping for a picture of a bunch of austrian and slovenian dudes sword-fighting with their willies . 
  leaving disappointed . 
  spain is actually not as religious as you would think . 
  poland seems to be slightly less than i remember so you got a point there . 
  [ that said , look at the current balance between the religious and rational countries ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/europe_belief_in_god.svg/655px-europe_belief_in_god.svg.png ) italy is the most influential by far and it is at 70 % , that is much lower than the united states , for comparison . 
  as i noted in one of my replies above the eu has affected a lot of positive social change before and * after * accession in the less powerful countries . 
  even if countries such as romania reach economic parity with the more developed nations , they 'll still be small , population wise , and thus not able to really resist eu influence . 
  even economic success itself can liberalize a country is there 's low inequality . 
  turkey 's an outlier when it comes to both of those in my opinion . 
  it 's population is too large and i see no evidence that wealth would have a positive impact on their culture . 
  as i said , turkey is too big population wise to be brought in line like that regardless of the measures they pretend to accept in order to be let into the union . 
  it might even work at first , due to the economic influence of the more developed countries but what happens once their economy catches up and they can start throwing their weight around ? 
  we 'd have to pray -- no pun intended -- that prosperity also liberalizes them a great deal . 
  it seems too big a risk to me , specially considering that we 've got little to gain from their accession , at least for the time being . 
  eastern european labor is currently doing well enough to make up for our shrinking/stagnant populations and the turks would just compete for the same jobs anyway . 
  turkey 's got a lot of natural resources but we do n't need them in the union in order to exploit those . 
   i do n't think culture and religiosity is any valid argument for accepting and/or barring a country to the eu . 
  i disagree . 
   france and hungary , for example , could be considered gross violators of animal rights since they force-feed geese to make the liver taste better , while defending it as a national right on account of cultural tradition . 
  human rights  animal rights and i say that as a vegetarian who is greatly concerned with animal suffering . 
   infant circumcision however , should not be banned and is imho in no way counter to european values if it is done either soon after birth ( when the child wo n't remember the ordeal ) or after the age of majority , when they 'll be able to decide for themselves . 
  i strongly disagree and so do a few of our most progressive countries ; yours being one of them if i remember correctly . 
  but this is not the place for that particular discussion . 
   moreover , despite high religiosity , turkey has a strong and long tradition of secularism , similar and actually even based on to france 's laicism , especially in the western parts . 
  turkish secularism is not anything to write home about . 
  it 's looking more and more untenable every year . 
  i wonder how much of [ this ] ( http://www.newscientist.com/data/images/archive/2565/25653701.jpg ) is due to religion and how much is simply lack of education . 
  either way , it does n't paint a great picture . 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  culture and nationality are not the same thing . 
   judging individuals based on the actions of people who look similar to them is not proper and fair judgement . 
  what does it have to do with looks ? 
  in fact , when did i * ever * mention judging anyone by their looks ? 
  this is a straw man . 
   racism is a word that has evolved beyond its original meaning . 
  does n't mean it is acceptable or rational . 
  equating judgement of cultures/religions with racism sets a very dangerous precedent ; it 's basically a way to shame anyone you do n't like into silence and more importantly it marks certain ideas as beyond criticism . 
  if we can not judge people based on their actions , let alone their beliefs then we 've got a problem . 
  what does my comment have to do with race ? 
  it sounds to me like you are the one that believes our collective actions are somehow predetermined by the color of our skin -- never mind the fact that poles and romanians are white . 
  i do not like the fact that countries such as poland are in the eu because they are way too religious ; this leads to things such as widespread homophobia etc and being in the eu allow them to project this bigotry outside their own borders . 
  not only is turkey also too religious , they have a bunch of fucked up traditions [ such as this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaftcirtbm0 ) that are absolutely incompatible with european culture . 
  there 's also the fact that their large population would give them more power in parliament than any other country save germany ; so instead of us influencing them to liberalize as we 've done to the more backwards european states , they 'd be able to exert this power against us . 
  of course this is all hypothetical anyway . 
  i do n't see turkey fixing all the problems that would allow them to join the eu any time soon . 
  the unstable political situation , the oppression of minorities , cyprus etc. 
   [ ... ] maybe at some point we can join the party and waste money together . 
  i strongly doubt it . 
  even if turkey manages to claw itself up to our standards we 'll just find new , judicious-sounding reasons to keep you out . 
  personally , i do n't think turkey belongs in the eu for many reasons but at its most basic , and to put it bluntly : i simply do n't like your culture . 
  it 's bad enough , in my opinion , that we 've accepted backwards countries like poland and romania . 
  i do n't want to be caught in an insignificant country of a few million people while china and the us exert pressure from either side like two divorced parents . 
  alone , even the mighty european powers are quickly becoming irrelevant in the international arena . 
  if we do n't pull together we 'll end up as vassals of our former colonies like the uk . 
  also , ensuring that the third world war does n't end with europe in ruins -- again . 
  that alone is worth almost any price . 
  if the european union does n't exist in 10 years it would be because wwiii has started and most of us -- the men at least -- are dying in trenches .
