  is n't this a bit pathetic ? 
  teasing will continue until morale improves -- or dear leader has a heart attack . 
  lol, 
  that seems like a weird distinction because until very recently most women 's twats were a hell of a lot hairier than all but the hairiest , freak-o-nature man butts . 
  you 'd think it 'd have more to do with anatomy and such . 
  if you have to resort to conspiracy theories . 
  what the hell are you talking about ?!, 
   so , where is that evidence you speak of , ** especially coming from an ex muslim and now quite catholic country ? 
  ** that post was in response to the above . 
  if you 're going to get involved in a discussion at least keep the fuck up . 
  why not ? 
  being gay is pretty damn great . 
  not to get all outraged at you but realise the reconquista lasted 750 fucking years right ? 
  it took blood and tears to tear the iberian peninsula out of muslim hands . 
  it was n't some sudden change of heart . 
   i bet if anyone applied their generalised views to you for being gay , you 'd be like what the fuck as well . 
  firstly , i 'm not than thin-skinned . 
  secondly , if someone has a point they have a point . 
   think about shit before you go into threads and post things that make it out like gays are a specific problem . 
  sorry the truth hurts your butt . 
  when did gays become some kind model minority exempt from criticism ? 
  i 'm done with this bullshit . 
  i 'm one of those `` gay people '' , dumbass . 
  i might be generalising from personal experience but i fucking bet i have more of it than you do . 
  yes , i 've literally talked to a gay person from every relevant demographic . 
  ffs . 
  i did n't say all , i said most . 
  and i think i 'm right ; most gay men seem to have the typical leftwing beliefs on the subject of muslim integration . 
   where do you live that gay people are n't worried about that stuff ? 
  i 've lived all over the world and i would say every single country i 've been in , except for my country of birth where there are no muslims . 
   you think spain is much better ? 
  i do n't `` think so '' , i know so . 
  edit : look , i 'm sorry i offend you ok ? 
  i 'm sure romania will catch up soon now that it 's not culturally isolated . 
  if you 're from russia i apologise doubly because i 've got nothing nice to say , unfortunately ; the place is a hole with few redeeming qualities and getting worse every day . 
  i was being hyperbolic . 
  that said , gay people seem surprisingly ambivalent about muslim integration , given their bigotry . 
   well , if some of them consider lying on a topic to sound more liberal it 's still a good sign as it really makes them look more liberal . 
  i guess that 's a good point . 
  being ashamed of your horrible views is the first step towards change i guess ? 
  unless of course someone calls the bluff and you have a surprise jihad because it turns out everyone was secretly homophobic . 
  haha . 
   i do n't see 1/1000th of the concern when it comes to the values romanians or russians bring with them when they move to the uk [ ... ] and why do you think that might be ? 
  maybe because we have quite a bit of evidence that muslim bigotry is a lot more `` sticky '' ? 
  over time ? 
  what i 'm more curious about , and i always think of in regard of polls such as this : how many lied because they know their beliefs are at odds with the culture around them and will make muslims as a whole look bad ? 
  going by the typical reactions following a terrorist attack ; seemingly always concerned about muslim reputation first , i 'm rather curious . 
  it 's a lot more fucking disturbing if you happen to be gay person with a brain . 
  of course , most western homos are stuck so far up the left 's ass that they 'd probably apologise for being oppressive as they 're being thrown off buildings . 
  [ case in point . 
  ] ( http://www.zombietime.com/sf_rally_september_24_2005/queers_for_palestine/img_2211.jpg ) perfect example of idiotic cunts with literally zero survival instinct ; they 're the human equivalent of the dodo . 
   60 % of montenegrins consider homosexuality an illness this makes them look worse but does n't make muslims look better . 
  same goes for the rest of your list . 
  everyone knows russia and romania are backwards shitholes . 
  what does that have to do with muslims in the uk ? 
   28 % of americans agree that gay or lesbian relations between consenting adults should not be legal ( was in 40-45 % range until mid-2000s that 's pretty fucking amazing rate of change . 
  completely outpaces that which can be expected through old people dying . 
  sodomy laws were officially struck down by the supreme court in 2003 . 
  it means americans have virtually changed their opinion of gay people overnight . 
  can the same be said about muslims in western europe ? 
  also , what do you expect the generational difference to be between foreign-born and first and second generation european muslims ? 
  [ no , we do n't say that word !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikcwu0tsizm&amp;nohtml5=false ), 
  the first has some potential but it could also easily go horribly , horribly wrong . 
  and i do n't fancy our chances in family court as two gay men . 
  as to the second , single mothers are terrible for society and i do n't want to enable that . 
  none yet . 
  it 's expensive for two men to have kids and we both want biological children , which means at least two surrogacies . 
  they 're in the pipeline ; no pun intended . 
  i do n't want you to do anything . 
  just explaining the situation . 
  you realise there are organisations already working on this , right ? 
  i fund quite a few of them . 
  do you think it 's that simple ? 
  we get a lot of pushback . 
  did you know that a bill in florida to end lifetime alimony was fought at every turn by `` women 's right '' groups ? 
  or that a similar movement for shared parenting in australia was defeated by the same people ? 
  apathy is hardly our problem , we have actual enemies working to undermine the work we 're doing . 
  the op article links to a wikipedia article about the average age of marriage in europe ? 
   england and wales do , which is the jurisdiction of the op article . 
  also , do n't you mean the bill that was amended and defanged to protect the status quo ? 
  how , in practical terms , will it result in father 's rights being actually protected and legally enforced ? 
  i try to keep up to date on men 's rights news from around the world but it 's a big globe so forgive me if i 'm not getting this right . 
  men have less reproductive rights in practise than women , short of complete abstinence -- which is unrealistic -- or perfect condom use . 
  women have more choices at every turn . 
  they have the option of abstinence , more effective birth control , they have the choice of abortion and * relinquishment of parental rights . 
  * men have the option of abstinence and sub-par birth control that negatively impairs sexual function . 
  that 's it . 
  and then we have presumptive female child custody instead of split custody , which means not only do men lose their economic assets and have to pay alimony where applicable , they also have to pay child support for children whose visitation rights are solely determined by their ex-wives . 
  ( visitation rights are rarely if ever enforced ) -- in the context of divorce , women have the upper hand because men are more economically productive so they have an economic incentive towards divorce . 
  statistics , where they exist , reflect this . 
  women file divorces 70 % of the time . 
  hello demographic collapse !, 
  barring some life extension technologies becoming practical in the next couple centuries , this is the end of western civilisation and its cultural vassals in the long term . 
   the idea that both genders should have a somewhat even responsibility and results after divorce is suported by feminists and *** men rights *** activist alike . 
  what do you mean by `` somewhat even responsibility and results '' here ? 
  maybe not women having more rights , but men having * less * certainly does . 
   because god forbid you be a responsible parent who supports their children . 
  that would be simply horrible . 
  why should they have to ?
