  first , start with the assumption of default 50/50 custody * then * you can complain about `` deadbeat '' dads . 
  exactly how many countries have that ? 
   allah akbar kaboom people lol, 
  to most people scotland is jut another province of `` england '' or `` britain '' . 
  shoulda voted for independence if you wanted to be seen as a real country ... 
  nothing 's inherently more valuable than anything else ; because things do n't have inherent value . 
  but yes , moldova  morocco . 
  when all a country 's got to be proud of is history , it becomes a big fucking deal , basically . 
  it might prove * a * point , but it 's not his . 
  he said :  in fact , it appears that many people used the `` economic migrants '' as a convenient excuse [ ... ] one can both believe the current refugees are mostly economic migrants and want to stop muslim immigration either need not be motivated by the other . 
  in my case i believe even if they 're genuine refugees , they should not be allowed in . 
  passive aggressively . 
  i 'm personally against allowing muslim refugees period , with some exceptions : homosexuals etc. 
   i assume you do no have children ? 
  as much as you want to do something with a young baby as a man , very often you just ca n't . 
  mothers are irreplaceable . 
  it 's still consensual . 
  also , mothers are not irreplaceable . 
  it is good for a child to have two parents , regardless of the sex . 
  a dad is just as good as a mom . 
   i assume you do no have children ? 
  as much as you want to do something with a young baby as a man , very often you just ca n't . 
  mothers are irreplaceable . 
   theoretically this responsibility could be shared more but it 's often not done because economically it makes no sense in most families . 
  the fact of the matter is that men ca n't get children which helps tremendously . 
  i thought you were referring to the wage gap myth or some other nonsense . 
  in that case , this is also consensual . 
   nobody forces you as a man to take responsibility of the child if you do n't want . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  i mean , no one can possibly be this fucking clueless ? 
  men have absolutely no reproductive rights anywhere in the world . 
   generally the disadvantaged ( not just in relationships ) are women , not men . 
  they bear the responsibility for children [ ... ] this is consensual . 
   [ ... ] they are disadvantaged in the labor force in particular if they have single mothers . 
  and this is a lie . 
   the worst that can happen to a man is that he will have to pay money . 
  yeah , because that 's nothing right ? 
  just `` pay money '' . 
  being forced to give away half of your wealth is not `` nothing '' , specially in countries with alimony -- and that 's not even taking into account child support . 
  i never said anything about relationships as a whole , just marriage , de-facto marriage and other similar cohabitation schemes that overwhelmingly prejudice men . 
  and even that is secondary to the original point : the fact that saying `` people in good relationships have nothing to worry about '' is a meaningless platitude . 
  no one goes into a relationship expecting it to be a bad one . 
  and if you think you can truly know the heart of a person you are a moron . 
  as i said , people lie ( and good liars at better at lying than you are at picking out liar ) and people change over time . 
   but not 50 % of married couples divorce . 
  multiple divorces by the same people have an impact , but not enough to invalidate my point . 
  take one bullet out of the chamber ; you 're still playing russian roulette . 
   you 're 100 % american [ ... ] how does that work ? 
  i 've lived longer outside of america than inside it and i was n't even born there . 
   no european whatever country he might be from would spew stupidities like you did . 
  no true european ? 
  is that the acad\u00e9mie-approved way of saying `` no true scotsman '' ? 
   and i do n't believe for a second you 've `` lived all over the world '' . 
  latin america , north america , europe , oceania . 
  i think that counts . 
  50 % of marriages in the us end in divorce ; it 's much higher in some european countries -- this is the case even in an age where marriage rates are at an all time low so only the people that * really * want to get married do so . 
  women file 70 % or more of divorce claims . 
  if you get married as a straight man you 're playing russian roulette with three bullets in the chamber . 
   there are plenty of people who are in happy relationships . 
  there are plenty of people that enjoy hand gliding and motorcross , 1 out of 1000 of them will still die a horrible death . 
  that 's fucking racist , check your privilege . 
  it 's a globalised world . 
  i was born in cuba , grew up in the us and have lived all over the world . 
  i have a spanish passport though , i think that qualifies me as a `` true and totally legit spaniard '' , no ? 
  so , how many decades until soviet union 2.0 ? 
  would you be saying that if you did n't have daddy american waiting on the wings to bail you out ? 
  or would you be pulling together with other small , insignificant states in the region for protection ? 
  that 's such a bullshit excuse and it * always * come up . 
  when i advice my straight friends not to get married , there 's always someone on the sidelines saying stuff like `` just do n't marry a crazy bitch and you 'll be fine '' . 
  guess what ? 
  no one willingly marries a crazy bitch or an adulteress ; people change and people lie . 
   hey , thanks for spreading bullshit stereotypes . 
  actually , all you frenchies on this post are doing a pretty damn good job of it yourselves . 
  the irony is you do n't even realise it . 
  that 's it , just hand europe over to isis so they can start cutting off heads . 
  the continent is fucked . 
  so does everyone else ; what 's your point ? 
  could n't be more than a few months . 
  ca n't remember exactly . 
   also eryemil , i am very disappointed in you . 
  you say you are a vegetarian , but you are quick to bent over and not think strategic for a few minutes that can increase animal welfare for billions of chickens over many years . 
  i get the feeling we 've got very different priorities . 
  i mean , chickens ?!, 
  they 're fucking dumb creatures ; yes , they can suffer and i care about that suffering , but their moral worth is so , so much lesser than a humans . 
  i doubt this farce of a referendum will have much of an impact but how would you feel if it did ? 
  do they not deserve it ? 
  it 's not like i 'm praying that your sea walls collapse and the whole country drowns old testament style , but what 's the point of democracy if you ca n't also hold voters accountable ? 
  i remember the original post here on / r/europe announcing this . 
  mine was one of the few comments on it . 
  i ca n't believe they actually went ahead and did it . 
  the fact that you could n't get off your asses to vote is not redeeming either . 
  as i said above , this is what happens when you 're so fucking rich that you literally have nothing better to worry about . 
  i 'm a vegetarian for ethical reasons myself , and i 'm glad that i now live in a wealthy country where i can make that choice , in spite of being born in a third world shithole . 
  the lack of perspective by some of the fucking drones in this thread has me raging like a bitch . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you voted against this over some chickens ? 
  i 'm a fucking vegetarian and i think i would probably eat you right now -- and not in the sexy way . 
  ffs . 
  maybe western civilisation does deserve to be destroyed . 
   hey , around 70 % of the dutch population did n't vote .
