  that 's even worse . 
  see , this is someone that actually deserves our help . 
  it 's telling that he 's asking for asylum in lithuania of all places , in * fucking lithuanian * . 
  that they have absolutely no relevance to the present ? 
  and that it annoys the shit out of me whenever they get brought up by whataboutits ? 
  only the ones that matter . 
  well that did n't take long . 
  the old age of consent was fine . 
  this is what happens when people get their information from american tv shows . 
  when i lived in australia they actually had to teach young people not to call 911 in an emergency -- the australia number is 000 btw . 
  they should be working . 
  the history of these quotes is negative , the language is negative , the context is negative . 
  however , they 're not at all offensive because they 've been part of the common vernacular for hundreds of years and the circumstances that originated them are no longer relevant . 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
   seriously , why do we have to see an offensive intention in everything ? 
  the irony here is that you 're overacting and getting butthurt to a post that does n't even say what you think it does . 
  maybe read it again ? 
  i never said i was offended nor that it was offensive ; i merely said that these sayings are negative in nature because they come from a time when spain was in conflict with moorish people . 
  came for belarusian dick , leaving disappointed . 
  -- also , according to the `` other discussions '' tab there 's a bestiality subreddit . 
  who knew . 
  well , yes . 
  it implies that the presence of moors is a bad thing ; something to be scared of . 
  which makes sense since if it was n't for the reconquista of the iberian peninsula none of us would exist . 
  off the top of my head : * moro viejo mal cristiano - ca n't teach an old dog new tricks * el oro y el moro - have your cake and eat it too i 'm sure if we all put our heads together together we 'd come up with a bunch more . 
  i have no idea . 
  i ca n't understand what the big deal is . 
  maybe henpecked husbands whose wives monitor their internet usage ? 
  spain ( and by extension latin america ) has a lot of negative proverbs and expressions about moors too -- though the reasons why are lot more obvious than i imagine they 'd be in poland . 
  what was that whiny narrative about the stay side being `` negative '' and trying to scare people into voting their way ? 
  people are so fucking predictable . 
   how people `` feel '' in this case is irrelevant though . 
  they will be voting for candidates that feel like they do , and if that fails , take things into their own hands -- which would be infinitely worse for everyone involved . 
   and i tend to think it must be an option , otherwise you will end up screwing people who have put in the worthwhile effort and money to become part of their new countries , and it would be unfair to single them out for removal in comparison to other people who do the same on the basis of their origin . 
  you 're using moralist language again . 
  a lot of people wo n't care that it 's not `` fair '' . 
  and the more tensions , fear and hatred rise , those people will soon become the majority . 
  people need to feel safe , and no , telling them that terrorism and backwards muslim culture are not valid threats is not a viable way to do that . 
   most of europe never really had a civil rights movement equivalent to what happened in the states , and thus cultural discussions on the rights of minorities never really came close to causing national schisms . 
  not exactly a good thing in this context . 
   banning islam and spying on muslims strike me as horrendously discriminatory actions [ ... ] of course they are discriminatory . 
  it 's no secret people on the right of the political spectrum are not as moved by the same types of discrimination as the left , if they feel it is justified . 
  it 's also no secret that people motivated by fear and anger can do horrific things . 
  that was the point of my original post ; without an actual resolution , the ones that will suffer will be muslims , and the left by proxy -- being obstructionist to spite the racists and xenophobes is not a good long-term strategy , because inside every average european -- or any other human , really -- there 's a bloodthirsty savage just waiting to emerge given the right incentive . 
   given that they 're also allowed a path to residency or citizenship at the same time if they 're willing to put in the work for it . 
  what if that 's not an option ? 
  also , this takes care of the refugee issue but does nothing to address the home-grown terrorists and the antipathy towards muslims in europe . 
  the minimum that can be done about that is banning all faith schools and creating an oversight department for mosques but that 's not nearly close to enough . 
   but since you 'd rather `` kill it and count the bodies afterward '' , i 'm not sure how this consensus is possible . 
  did i say this ? 
  i said that i 'm willing to do whatever it takes to protect what i love without my fanfare or guilt , but that i 'm open to other solutions -- * if they actually give me at least some of what i want * . 
   about the terrorism claim , i 'll just leave that here . 
  i know the media always amplifies fears as it sells stories , but it 's not so bad . 
  and i say that living in a city where 147 people were killed last year because of terrorism . 
  it 's still less than how many people are killed every months on the roads , every week of cancer ... as for the radicalization , it 's arguably a fallacy if you speak in general terms ( culturally muslim youths ) , more of a mix of poor socio-economic and religious policy problem on actual radicalization ( between the lack of funding leaving an open door for saudi radicals and the lack of economic opportunities and social support to the repeat offenders problem leading to radicalization in prison ) . 
  see , this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  i even mentioned it explicilty in an earlier post :  my point is that maybe you 're not saying the right thing . 
  if your argument is , `` well terrorism is nothing to be afraid of , it kills a lot less people than lightning strikes/shark attacks/drowning in a bathtub '' -- i 've seen this argument made many times by left people all over reddit -- then what you 're saying will be disregarded . 
  what you said above is literally worthless in this context ; it will not reasure anyone , if anything it 'll make them angrier . 
  you 're not proposing a solution , all you 're trying to do is erase people 's concerns . 
  you ca n't turn the tide of negative public opinion on that -- it 's the equivalent of throwing yourself on the ground and kicking your feet . 
  if you ca n't compromise on anything then you will simply get nothing . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  so what are you willing to give up for allowing those refugees into the continent ? 
  the banning of islam ? 
  routine profiling and surveillance of muslims ? 
  forced resettlement back to the me after the war for all refugees and other restrictions on european-born ones ? 
  and by the way , for someone that whines about being censored out of the discussion on here , i hope you 're not the one downvoting my comments . 
  that would ironic -- actually , it still is . 
   for instance , i do n't even think that the so-called ` multiculturalism ' is not something you can really go back on . 
  then you 're either really innocent or have very poor imagination . 
   saying we are set for a century of terrorism seems preposterous to me as well [ ... ] why ? 
  under which scenario do you see terrorism in europe diminishing ? 
  where the muslim population is set to continue growing and each new generation seems to be more radicalised than the actual immigrants . 
  do you think things will somehow quiet down once isis gets dismantled ? 
  if anything that will only spur reprisal attacks . 
  no , terrorism is part of the new european reality . 
   but since you are talking about practical issues , how for instance would you go about solving the islamism and refugee crisis why do you assume i 'm unbiased in this instance ? 
  i do n't have the whole answer . 
  my automatic response to anything that threatens me or those i love , in lieu of anything better , is to kill it and count the bodies afterward for census purposes . 
   [ ... ] without destroying constitutionnal and international principles that allow us to live in this era of relative peace , prosperity and freedom ? 
  this becomes an afterthought . 
   i do think that armed conflict between nation-states in europe is very unlikely to occur again in any reasonable timeframe . 
  who said anything about armed conflict between european nations ? 
  remember the context of this discussion ; i 'm talking about pogroms , expulsions , genocide . 
   anyway that 's my opinion , i see where yours is coming from but i think there really is no end to this debate because it 's almost a philosophical matter , one about political philosophy at least and about the human nature at most . 
  no , people make it a philosophical debate instead of discussing practical issues , to their detriment . 
  we can instead look at the future , try to predict what 's coming and act accordingly to reach a compromise where everyone gets most of what they need if not necessarily what they want . 
   if the solutions approved by the majority of people contrevenes basic principles , there are judicial safeguards in place to protect those principles like echr or national constitutionnal courts depending on their prerogatives . 
  peaceful laws are for peaceful times . 
  they 're a charade ; as people become more afraid none of this will matter . 
  we 're staring a century of escalating and unending social unrest and terrorism in the face . 
   of course we need solutions that a majority of people can get behind [ ... ] --  [ ... ] but we need those solutions to conform to some basic principles and laws , and not being racist pick one . 
  --  in the long term , i still think nationalists are going to be the ones who are going to be more disappointed because to me this way of analyzing events is outdated and deculturation is just how the world is evolving . 
  you mean to say , that europeans , who have been slaughtering each other by the millions for thousands of years have suddenly given it up for good and that the current peace is not just a thin veneer of humanism painted on by a couple of decades of comfortable living ? 
  remember inside every foppish swedish man there is a viking . 
   most people here seem to want to put a full stop to all muslim immigration to europe , whether they 're economic migrants or legitimate refugees . 
  you might not think that 's an acceptable compromise * now * . 
  are you projecting your expectations into the future ? 
  maybe you should be more focused on protecting the muslims that are already here .
