  it 's bayesian probability . 
  for a guy that 's so quick to insult others education , you are pretty damn ignorant . 
   throughout this rather pointless exchange , i 've maintained that you have no basis for your claims . 
  except for the fact that women are clearly underrepresented as clients in every quantifiable market i 've mentioned . 
  i 've provided two types of evidence while you 've given none ; even if my evidence were the weakest it could possibly be that 'd still put me ahead . 
  absence of evidence is evidence of absence . 
  if it is not better known then it is also not likely to be that widespread , specially not these days . 
  also , you 're begging the question by even claiming that picking up prostitutes in crowded places is more discrete than through the internet . 
  you 've provided exactly 0 evidence that female clients make up even as much of the sex market as * gay men * , which is already as low hanging a fruit as there can be , considering the difference in numbers . 
  yet you are still arguing that hey , there 's no actual valid reason to think so but women are exactly like men , godamnit so they * must * . 
  lol, 
  you 're going to have to be more specific than that . 
  there were similar protests here in spain yet our marriage laws passed through out legislature without a hitch . 
  do n't compare france to the us . 
  why ? 
   no they 're not -- i pointed out that women may be pursuing these services through other means than craigslist etc. 
  like what ? 
  there 's nothing more discrete than the internet . 
  well done . 
   this makes no sense . 
  yes , i 'm a feminist . 
  therefore i have feminist opinions . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if you 're looking for a fight , take it someplace else . 
  you were the one bleating about biases , girly . 
   there 's a whole range of selection biases in play when it comes to online advertising , including notions of shame , but also simply who uses the technology , as well as established conventions . 
  this is called backpedaling . 
  my claim was that women do not use these services as often as men , the reasons are irrelevant to this conversation . 
  also , social pressure is a comparatively poor tool to curve sexual behavior in men so it if works for women then clearly it 'd only strengthen my point . 
   what a surprise ... it 's not surprising at all but this is a pretty slimy red herring from you . 
  the point was to illustrate the fact that stripper services catering to * gay men * were more numerous than those catering to women , specificity in this case is a good thing because without the `` gay '' label `` male stripper '' defaults to the standard sexuality . 
  so stop being an intellectually dishonest cunt . 
  -- the idea that female sexual desires/behaviors/etc are fundamentally different from men certainly seems to offend you . 
  very much like those `` gender is a social construct '' feminists were offended by the idea that our gender roles are an extension of our sex . 
   i have to question your bias , though . 
  says the feminist . 
  what bias exactly might that be ? 
   also , what sites have adverts for male prostitutes ?!, 
  any place where whores post their services such as craigslist , before that they banned it . 
  not only do most of the males whores advertise for other men either exclusively or on addition to females , exclusively m4f rentboys tend to be the least successful i.e they have the lowest ratings , the least experience and the least longevity in terms of ads reposting . 
  how many rentboy.com knock-off sites are there ? 
  a lot . 
  how many cater to a female clientele ? 
  not many . 
  certainly none as successful as rentboy.com itself . 
   from what i could find through a quick google search , male strip clubs in london cater to women primarily and gay men as well ( many of them have `` hen nights '' or `` hen weekends '' exclusively for women ) . 
  there 's two relevant result in if you search `` male strippers london '' ; the dreammen site and an event company that caters to both sexes . 
  not one single strip club from what i saw . 
  if you search for gay stripper or such , you get a bunch of links to gay strip clubs and gay clubs with strippers . 
  -- sometimes the world just does n't behave according to what you think is fair right . 
  you 're coming across as those deluded second-wave feminists that children were clean slates and that they could destroy gender if the simply forced their sons to play with barbie dolls . 
  i do n't think such sources exist but it 's not hard to determine . 
  women make up 50 % of the population , gay men 5 % at most and most likely close to 1-2 % yet for every strip joint catering to women you will find more than one that caters to gay men on average . 
  when it comes to actual prostitution the divide is even more apparent . 
  even online where any social pressures are moot , most adverts and sites with male whores are aimed at men . 
   we 've failed 50 % of our society for thousands of years i agree . 
  it 's about time women get sent off to be butchered on some foreign country for once . 
  men are just as entitled to being seen as inherently deserving of safety . 
   is male sex worker equivalent to gay sex worker ? 
  pretty much . 
  male prostitution and sexual services are overwhelmingly m2m oriented . 
  the interesting cultural festivals here do n't really occur during that time-frame , with the exception of the festival of sant joan which is a sunsent-to-sunrise celebration on the 23rd of june when we go nuts and set the city on fire -- well , not literally . 
  there are bonfires and fireworks all over the place though ; it 's awesome . 
   so we maltese are stupid ? 
  i literally know nothing about you country except that you 're small and hyper religious so i 'm probably being unfair . 
  every bit of news i can remember reading about your country has been about you overreacting about something . 
  how many is `` many '' ? 
  he 's being criticized for being a prick , his religion might be the reason he is a prick but that 's incidental . 
  the levels of dishonesty and self-victimisation in that article are vomit-inducing . 
  leave it to a malta newspaper to whine about how no one tolerates their stupidity . 
  you brits are so body-negative -- or maybe your genitals are internal ? 
  this is the best part !, 
  seeing bunch of germans with their massive tackle swinging in the breeze like meat wind chimes is one of the highlights of my summer . 
  this thread just gets more and more ridiculous . 
  i ca n't stop laughing . 
   a system designed to collapse . 
  bit hyperbolic do n't you think ? 
  if each generation was n't smaller than the last you 'd be able to pay for it a lot better . 
  and what choice do you have ? 
  your current rate of population decline will mark the end of your country by the time this century is over , barring some unexpected surprises . 
   but it only leads to unemployed people and * only * leads to that ? 
  it does n't have a positive impact * at all * on your frankly terrifying population stats ? 
   immigrants having more children [ ... ] then you better make fucking sure that your immigrants feel german and identify with german culture and ideals above all others . 
  this is moot though , the fertility of immigrants pretty much drop to levels similar to the host country after only a few generations as soon as their standard of living rises to parity with the natives . 
  that said , if it is such a concern i 'd say import immigrants from cultures with a good track record with assimilation . 
  the us lucked out with european immigrants but there are still good prospects in asia and latin america . 
  you should have never accepted so many uneducated turks into your country as cheap labor in the first place , but hindsight is what it is . 
  then they need to pay more . 
  and not just germany , all countries after they reach a certain point in terms of human development need to begin paying people whatever it takes so women have an average of exactly 2 kids . 
  either that or rely on third world immigration -- 50 % of children born in the us are to minority parents , most of that growth being due to the latino population . 
  but even immigration ca n't sustain a country for long . 
  the `` third world '' is shrinking more and more each decade . 
  by 2060 the world 's population will actually begin to shrink . 
  such severe population decline is a * bad thing . 
  * i just do n't understand why germany ( or spain ) has n't begun to subsidize reproduction like france does . 
  i still have no idea what i 'm looking at . 
  you realise our continent is still imploding right ? 
  well not quite , but the situation here is not good . 
  even in the countries that are doing well , they 'd most likely offer those positions to students from other european countries that are n't doing so great . 
  la sagrada familia is one of the cities main tourist attractions so i feel i should mention it , though i personally hate the thing and gaud\u00ed in general .
