  it 's more conservative than eastern turkey , but by financial wealth they 're wealthier than bulgaria . 
  i 'd like to see some sources for this please . 
  turkey has a slightly higher gdp per capita but inequality on par with any third world country . 
  do they actually ? 
  i would n't know , i 've never been there . 
  i do know however that the eastern part of the country is extremely poor ; i do n't imagine the highways there are very good . 
  that said , development rankings take into account a few other factors besides the state of the roads . 
  germany and the rest are unquestionably european . 
  the only connection turkey can be said to have had with europe is that of foreign conquerors . 
  that 's because there 's simply nowhere else for the eu to expand save for a few developed countries that do n't want to join , such as norway and switzerland . 
  that said , not only is turkey a lot less developed , it 's also got a massive population that 's much poorer than the rest of the eu . 
  there are many factors to take into account . 
  they 're also rank significantly higher than turkey in the human development index . 
  yes , because what the eu really needs is to be less competitive . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  we had a dubbed version and the lyrics were only broadly similar . 
  this is so much better . 
  oh god , the nostalgia . 
  not exactly good history there , just ask the greeks . 
  turkey is much less developed than any other eu country . 
  no thank you , we 're european . 
  leave or stay but for fuck 's sake shut the fuck up . 
   or kuwait oh you mean the country that is * still * trying to pass a bill that would make apostasy a capital crime ? 
  take a whiff of that civilization people , it smells a lot like being pelted on your head with large rocks until your skull caves in . 
  all going according to plan it seems . 
  soon they 'll slide back into barbarism like iran and all the other muslim countries that have had islamic resurgences . 
  they 'll be getting bombed by the americans in 30 years . 
   just because australasia isa long way away does not make it irrelevant no , it 's smaller economy and lack of military might does . 
   by that same logic getting closer to the eu would make us their bitch . 
  inside of the eu , the uk could be one of the big dogs along with france and germany . 
  next to the us though , the uk is an irrelevant relic . 
   they still have the anglosphere to fall back on , which has nearly the population of the eu . 
  this is so misleading . 
  the `` anglosphere '' means can mean two things : either the us and its slave states or the commonwealth . 
  canada is an american ally which leaves britain with australia and new zealand which are both irrelevant . 
  basically , closer ties with this `` anglosphere '' means becoming even more of america 's bitch , no exceptions . 
  no they do n't . 
  i doubt any of them would be very chuffed if i offered them a fuck . 
  no shit . 
  when your plan for social stability hinges on the hope that a small , unhinged minority remains small then you 've set yourself up to fail . 
  muslims are now only 4.60 % of the british population . 
  what happens if they end up going above 10 % ? 
  riots in the streets will only be the start . 
  eu membership is * far * from a little detail . 
  the political and economic repercussions of finding yourself outside the eu , as a small nation , surrounded by and economically interdependent on with eu countries would be massive . 
  i 'm so sick of this crap . 
  the eu could easily nip this in the bud if they 'd come out with an actual process of how newly independent offshoots of current members can gain eu membership . 
  if they said that independent regions had to go through a process of accession again all these movements would be done , on the other hand if they said that the new states would gain membership automatically then it 'd probably encourage people that want to secede . 
  then i 'm sure the relevant medical documents will make that distinction . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  downvoted . 
  what makes you think you wo n't still be paying in ? 
  other non-eu partners do . 
  probably not as much but you 'll also get less bang for your buck . 
  you 'll also have to adopt whatever relevant laws the eu sees fit you send your way . 
  what does the owl have to do with europe ? 
  should be a white bull , not an eagle . 
  and that means you can automatically assume it was his fault for reasons the rest of us are not privy to ? 
  you 're a bigot . 
  you 're making excuses for her . 
  why is it that when women do terrible things there are no shortage of people lining up to explain it away ? 
  i never said anything about spain being better . 
  do n't be a child . 
  * snort *, 
  my comment was relevant to the one i replied to and it is not hateful . 
  uncomfortable maybe . 
  wrong context . 
  culturally , the uk is pretty irrelevant these days . 
  english is so popular because of the influence of american culture and power ; no one gives a fuck about the uk . 
  poland ca n't into sanity . 
  good . 
  europe is rapidly abandoning religion , it is by far the least religious continent . 
  if turkey were to join the eu it would not only be one of the most religious countries , it would be the largest of them by far . 
  a larger population means more political influence , a larger * religious * population means more religious influence over government . 
  all of these issues are interconnected and when you look at them as a whole it does n't paint a good picture . 
   because we would change the eu it all comes down to this . 
  turkey is * at least * a half-century away from the point where any change their influence would create in the eu would be a positive one . 
   thats the point where i also blame europeans if turkey goes downhill do n't you think that 's a bit irrational ? 
  specially now as europe seems to be at the cusp of a final wave of integration . 
  as elitist as it might sound , turkey joining the eu might possibly improve turkey but it would undoubtedly diminish europe . 
  i think you and i have had this discussion before and i said as much then . 
  there 's very little turkey can offer us and a lot of baggage and other issues you 'd bring along with you . 
   we believe that it 's because of islam , because we 're turks and because we would change the eu are you trying to imply that these are not valid concerns in themselves ? 
   christianity and islam have about the same percentage of the followers around the world : 20 % islam , about 23 % christianity what ? 
  there are 2 billion christians in the world and 1.2 billion muslims . 
  polandball ca n't into studies . 
   and the backlash of the world if even one german would raise a little german flag at a football game . 
  i just pictured a german football fan raising a tiny flag and people running away screaming from the stadium . 
  you should feel sorry for being an ass because of what it reveals about your intrinsic character , not as a result of external factors -- that 's how sociopaths think . 
  you did n't answer my question : what percetange of the muslim population around the world do you imagine believe homosexuals should be killed ? 
  it 's not an irrational fear if they actually do want to kill me . 
  tell me , what percentage of the muslim population around the world do you imagine believe that homosexuals should be put to death ? 
   using sophisticated rhetoric and psychology * snort *, 
  i hate circumcision more than the average european but i already spend more time than i should arguing against it on reddit outside of r/europe , i do n't need you fucking yanks to keep bringing your stupid rationalization for filleting your babies in here too . 
  so stop it . 
  now you sound almost american . 
  there 's a reason we 've outlawed the death penalty -- we 're more civilized than this . 
  cockroaches do n't exactly commit crimes . 
  what the fuck is going on in the ukraine ? 
  are they competing with russia in some sort of stupidity tournament ?
