   but if we go that way , the western values are over . 
  that is completely untrue . 
  first of all , you 're assuming traditional social arrangements * must * come with higher rates of domestic abuse and general shiftiness . 
  they 're not intrinsically linked . 
  secondly , even if it did , `` western values '' encompasses more than just women 's rights . 
  yes , it 'd be shitty if we banned abortion and female contraception and other practical steps that * would actually contribute to a healthy population * , as opposed to just being arbitrarily dickish . 
  you know what would be more shitty ? 
  the people that replace us , who will also be torturing and stoning homosexuals , mutilating the genitals of their sons and daughters , killing each other in brutal , monstrous wars , raping and torturing at rates that would make isis blush , burning libraries and generally reverting humanity back to the bronze age technologically and socially . 
  you 're damn right that i 'd throw women under the bus to prevent that . 
  but here 's the beauty . 
  * we do n't need to do that . 
  * it 's a hypothetical scenario . 
  all we have to do to avoid a population crash is either make child rearing cheaper or cure aging . 
  i 'm banking on the latter but the former would probably be easier . 
   yes . 
  what would you consider a truly religious country , then ? 
   i was n't referring to buddhism . 
  pretty sure the religion europeans are abandoning is christianity not buddhism you did n't specify * which * religion . 
  why does it matter ? 
  should n't thailand 's strong faith mean that it should have high fertility ? 
   i 'm asking which ones are they , because i do n't think the old model of traditional family is compatible with women 's rights . 
  european values are enlightenment values , or their ideological descendants . 
  also , by the way , did you notice where i explicitly said that i do not believe his idea to return to the old family structure would save us ? 
  and then went into detail as to why ? 
  -- what i am arguing with * you * about is your apathy about the decline of western civilisation . 
   except they do n't unless they are only nominally religious , [ is iran `` nominally '' religious ? 
  what about 94 % catholic poland ? 
  maybe libya ; only 97 % muslim -- i 'm sure they 're all muslim in name only . 
  95 % of thai people are devoutly buddhist but maybe not devoutly enough ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/fertility_rate_world_map_2.png ) you are wrong . 
  i mean , the obvious , rainbow-coloured facts in the graph above directly contradict you . 
  firstly , you have no idea what my values are . 
  and if you believe i 'm more conservative than you , it follows that yours will die first . 
  we 're talking about europeans ( and basically every other western country ) here . 
  when we die , your much-loved western values die with us . 
   you find it depressing that europe is dying off , but you are unwilling to accept the fact that it goes hand in hand with secularism . 
  sounds like you are experiencing cognitive dissonance . 
  and it sounds to me like you ca n't fucking read . 
  some of the most religious countries on earth have comparable fertility rates to some european countries . 
  whatever religious agenda you are trying to promote here is ridiculous in the face of the evidence before your eyes . 
   still better than spain  so what ? 
  anything below replacement is a path to population collapse . 
  i 'm amazed at the things people will turn into a dick-waving competition . 
  `` oh look , we 're going extinct slightly slower than you are . '', 
  ffs, 
  and when you die off , you 'll be replaced by people that * did * care about extinction and your lands will be completely repopulated by them . 
  that 's the very foundation of natural selection . 
  have you seen the birth rate in iran ? 
  at least we 'll fucking die happy , which is more than can be said for those poor fucks in north africa and western asia . 
  having fucked up traditionalist cultures wo n't save us and neither will stupid religions . 
  every single country in the world has seen a massive decline in fertility . 
  including the us . 
  you 're at below replacement level too buddy , and that is only thanks to nosotros los hispanos -- de nada cabr\u00f3n . 
  white fertility in the us is 1.7, 
  certainly better than extinction , if his premise were to be correct . 
  though as i explained below , i do n't believe it is . 
   if it was n't overpopulated , climate change would n't currently be a huge risk to humanity 's survival . 
  climate change is the result of fossil fuel driven industry . 
  regardless of how large the world 's population is , it would have occurred eventually . 
  even more so , with a smaller population it would have taken us even longer to achieve the level of technological progress that will eventually allow us to thrive as climate changes , reverse it if that is what we wish , and ultimately leave this planet behind altogether . 
  people in developed countries wo n't feel any negative effects from climate change for a very long time . 
  we can not speculate on how it will affect us as we do n't know what our technology will be like in a hundred years . 
  we also do n't know if the population collapse in developed countries will be reversed ; but while our technological prospects are looking bright , our demographic ones are not . 
   no thank you . 
  `` aging '' is a diplomatic way of saying `` dying '' . 
  as a voter it is ultimately your choice ; if extinction is what you want , nature will be more than happy to oblige . 
  do you any a point to make that 's actually relevant to the discussion ? 
  every single blue countries is at below replacement level , as are a few of the green ones . 
  once you drop below that number the only difference is how fast the population shrink . 
  it 's relevant to the overall discussion but not to ov3powered 's comment . 
  and as an example of my point , france and libya have the same fertility rate , as do uzbekistan and finland . 
   [ ... ] the demographics are changing and the population is projected to fall slightly but it will reach an equilibrium . 
  why ? 
   well put it this way , there 's something that we 're doing wrong in europe that the americans are doing right [ ... ] i was born in cuba , grew up in the states and now consider myself european . 
  i 'm an immigrant twice over . 
  i have n't noticed anything inherently different about american culture in respect to immigrants vs. spanish culture . 
  -- have you considered that there difference is less about what you 're doing than the kind of people that are coming to your country ? 
  my solution is for governments to subsidize reproduction at every level ; child care , education , direct money transfers , assistance for young adults etc. 
  instead of making child rearing prohibitively expensive we should be trying minimize as many of the factors that make people refuse to have kids as we can . 
  on the other hand , that does lead to single mothers which are horrible for society but then again , not as bad as complete extinction . 
  i think better protecting the reproductive and parental rights of father would n't hurt either . 
  our societies completely fail dads at every turn . 
  -- trying to force people into getting married and following the traditional model wo n't work because countries that already follow that model are still not having kids anyway . 
  says he , without irony , in a thread about europe 's incoming population collapse . 
   well the migrants will be quite different obviously , but their children and their children 's children will be european . 
  well , they will be born in europe . 
  so technically they will be european . 
  but will they hold european values ? 
  do n't have one . 
  if i were to venture one i 'd say it has to do with industrialisation . 
  back in the day when everyone was a subsistence farmer all you had to do was pop up a dozen kids , half of which would die before making it to adulthood and you 'd be guaranteed a safety net and the success of your genetic lineage . 
  these days , kids are a lot more expensive . 
  if you want them to be successful you have to invest a lot more into them . 
  look at chinese sons ; for them to get married parents need to buy them a freaking house . 
  it seems to me that the current shift closely resembles the different forms of parental investment among species . 
  some animals have lots of offspring , most of which will die , and others invest more resources into fewer offspring which have a higher likelihood of survival into adulthood . 
  the issue for us is that you only need one child to continue the family line and pensions -- or the high comparatively higher wages of a single kid -- completely do away with the need for lots of kids to take care of you , while the fertility rate to keep a population from collapsing remains a stubborn 2.1 kids per woman . 
  those are my two euro . 
  yes , those things are exactly the same . 
  for fucks sake .
