  which did n't mean shit for the average person . 
  forgetting that we were fine before the eu for many hundreds of years seriously ?!, 
  in that world do you live in where this is true ? 
  there has * never * been a time in the entire history of our continent where it has been better to be european , though we were a bit better of before this crisis began . 
  is it really that hard for the brits to understand that none of our countries are that influential in the grand scheme of things these days ? 
  it is only bound to get worse . 
  we do n't own the world anymore and if we 're not very fucking careful in the coming decades they will end up owning us . 
  it 's that fucking simple . 
  because they are not already there ? 
  they should not be moved just to appease some people 's national sense of pride or whatever the fuck it is . 
  but why ? 
  they 're fine wherever they are as long as the public and scholars have access to it . 
  i think priceless works in private collections is a more terrible things by many order of magnitudes but there 's not much outcry about that . 
  there 's going to be a referendum in the uk well before that so i do n't think you have much to worry about it . 
  where these artifacts are from is irrelevant , the only thing that should matter is that they are safe . 
  fucking hippies . 
  a benevolent german dictator would be fine too . 
  where do we line up to kiss merkel 's hem ? 
   it 's pretty clear that comparing the eu , which does not share a single currency , where every nation state issues its own bonds , where many nations can set their own interest rates and money supplies , where legal systems vary widely , and so forth , to the us is a ridiculous comparison . 
  it has its own internal elections and many common laws etc. 
  it 's not quite a country but neither is it comparable to something like nafta  no doubt we 'd be able to spend our way out of recession if we did n't have to prop up spendthrift continentals and sort out their financial incompetence . 
  you mean some of the spendthrift continentals that are currently not in recession ? 
  it 's funny , you disparage countries like spain and italy , which are easy targets but what about the ones that are doing better than you ? 
   what exactly are you trying to show me ? 
  that european unemployment rates are still going up ? 
  is n't that exactly what i said , in complete contrast to the situation in the us where the trend irrespective of month-to-month fluctuations is downwards ? 
  and the us numbers remain stagnant and have for a while , even though they 're in a better position for recovery in so many ways . 
  while things are not getting worse for the moment , they 're certainly not improving as you claimed . 
   no doubt we 'd be able to spend our way out of recession if we did n't have to prop up spendthrift continentals and sort out their financial incompetence . 
  that 's just the way it is , i suppose . 
  like every other eu country with a functional economy ; they would do the same for you if needed . 
  ( though if it got to that point there would truly be no hope ), 
   it would have disproportionately taxed britain compared to the rest of europe . 
  it 's not disproportionate simply because your banking sector is larger . 
  that 's not what the word means . 
   you mean the one where it was later revealed that cameron was willing to sign , and just wanted a little compromise so that britain was n't ( due to the size of its banking sector ) unfairly taxed compared to the rest of europe ? 
  but then the petit caporal sarkozy tried to play hardball and said ` non , accept all of it unconditionally or leave ? 
   the one where , after the above things were revealed , the brit-bashers on this forum mysteriously shut up and stopped talking about it ? 
  your memories of these events are quite different from mine . 
  if i remember correctly , the concessions were far from `` little '' . 
   and what you call ` over-inflated sense of importance ' we call ` not wanting to be fucked over and treated as cash-cow serfs by * people we do not identify with ' * . 
  i just do n't get it , if your sentiments are shared by the rest of the british people , why do n't you just leave ? 
  also , how exactly are you being treated as cash cows ? 
  or it might be the final push that urges you to do so . 
  the `` fax democracy '' that we joke about would suddenly not be so funny , i think , if it was a single sovereign nation dictating basically all of the relevant laws ; though i imagine norway would rush to try and renegotiate those treaties . 
   they 're both trading blocs , nothing more , nothing less . 
  hahaha . 
  funny , because you `` euroskeptics '' are always claiming otherwise . 
  what about all the laws being fostered upon you from europe ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 i do n't see nafta in that list , nor will you find it in any similar one . 
   yes . 
  american manufacturing is picking up , consumer confidence is returning and unemployment is going down from a peak of 10 % to 8.2 % . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/policy/us-economy-added-69000-jobs-in-may-fewest-in-a-year-unemployment-rate-rose-to-82-percent/2012/06/01/gjqats7p7u_story.html the us will appear stronger for many obvious reasons but if we 're going to look at unemployment why do n't we compare the [ numbers of the whole of the eu ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics#main_statistical_findings ) instead of the worse-off members ? 
  many eu countries are in terrible shape , this is true , but this is mostly self-inflicted , not due to eu interference . 
  your own country is n't doing so hot , either -- you are in recession right now while unemployed france is n't . 
   the chinese are as eager to trade with us as we are with them . 
  we 're big boys , we do n't need europe to hold our hands . 
  when has it ever , throughout our history , ever stopped at `` just trading '' ? 
  you 're choosing more than just trading partners here , but also `` sponsors '' that will speak for you when the actual big boys get together to decide the fate of the world . 
   the uk rightly stayed clear of the mess but is now being asked to help clear it up , is it actually ? 
  i 'm curious how you know that since the official negotiations have n't even begun . 
  from what we know so far germany is preparing to take most of the actual burden of it by basically insuring the debt . 
  are they actually though ? 
  it seems to me that at this point we are almost done with your whining and would rather you just get the fuck out and stop getting in the way . 
  that was certainly the general tone i got when your prime minister walked out on the last talks . 
  when i say that the uk will eventually join up with the rest of europe , i 'm just making a prediction not stating what i would like to happen . 
  in my personal opinion , the scots are cool and i would n't mind having them around but i 'm tired of the english and they can fuck off . 
  i used to think the over-inflated sense of importance was just a stereotype ( and it probably is ) but many of the english i 've talked to certainly try very hard to live up to it . 
   by the way i will add that we do not have freedom of speech in denmark , nor in many other parts of western europe . 
  yes , we do have quite a few anti-blasphemy laws as well which shows just how relevant these actions actually are . 
  in many places , they had n't been used against those that insult christianity for decades yet are not being used against people that insult islam . 
  the right to insult people for whatever reason you like is just as important . 
  the complacency that you advocate allows these views to grow unchallenged . 
  muslims need to be aware that we do not consider their beliefs as above question or mockery and they need to be able to accept the fact and learn to live with it like the christians did . 
   for a start , no , this is not true . 
  nafta is a larger economy than the eu if we 're considering groupings of countries . 
  the two are not comparable now and are certainly not likely to be comparable as soon as these new reforms within the ez start shaping up . 
  how many sources do you have that actually list nafta as one economy ? 
   [ ... ] the americans got their head down , got on with the job of recovering and are ... starting to recover . 
  and you base this on ? 
  as someone actually living in the us right now , you are out of your fucking mind . 
  are you actually reading any of the news coming out of the country ? 
   british interests are simply not considered . 
  britain is philosophically isolated within the eu as one of the few countries that actually believes in free trade and liberalism . 
  yet you believe the chinese or the americans would treat you better ? 
  if i were n't intelligent enough to realize not every one of your countrymen was as myopic as you i 'd almost be eager to see you try and play nice with china . 
   it 's become quite clear , especially lately with talk of financial services taxes , that the eu merely considers the uk to be its cash cow [ ... ] that would be germany and if this very article is any evidence , they 're reluctantly willing to take on the burden following certain reasonable concessions . 
  as usual , you overestimate your importance . 
  par for the course in times of hardship but we 're not quite at the doorstep of ww3 yet . 
  these are still fringe parties we 're talking about ; we should worry if they continue to gain momentum . 
  the reaction from greece 's actually been milder than i would have expected , in this context . 
   europe has already declined into banality . 
  the eu is the world 's largest economy , for the moment , and likely to remain one of the big players for the foreseeable future . 
  china will overtake us soon but brazil and russia will not and india is not likely to do so in a while yet . 
  economic power is an important factor but there is also a cultural aspect and the matter of political influence . 
  within the eu the uk is one of the top dogs , besides china it will be a silent partner , at best . 
  there is simply no other power that would be as likely to consider british interests as the eu ; the americans will certainly not if britain casts its lot with them . 
  there 's also the matter of scotland . 
  currently independence is no more than a political ploy ; rock the boat and it is very likely to gain momentum . 
  a potential referendum on leaving the eu sounds like just the right push to me .
