  it feels good to be the blob . 
   it worked fine before the last 20 years when unelected eu bureaucrats decided they 'd really like to have an empire . 
  the eu has more power now than it did then , proportionally . 
  what exactly do you define as `` working '' ? 
  because to me it sounds like what you call working is exactly the loose little group of petty kingdoms squabbling under the table of the world 's great powers . 
   same will happen with the rise of these far-right groups in europe , where do you think they 'll go when the refugee crisis is over ? 
  you say without irony . 
  you do realise peple from these muslim countries are some of the most hateful , intolerant in the world , right ? 
  people love to whine regardless of the state of things . 
  it dawned on me when i moved to australia 2 years ago . 
  here you have one of the richest , strongest economies in the world . 
  low unemployment , very low inequality , amazing place to live in almost every conceivable way . 
  and aussies still whine incessantly about how hard their live is and how everything 's going to shit and the economy 's crap , the country 's got too much debt and no one can buy a house . 
  it 's disgusting . 
   as of today romania is not able to guard it 's outside borders , like germany can ? 
  oh wait , you got rid of that pesky problem by basically doing away with the concept of borders altogether . 
  if you * invite * in the people borders are supposed to keep out , then the 're no longer needed . 
  genius . 
  if they had worthwhile skills that european countries actually needed they 'd get visas for it . 
  most developed countries have very good skilled worker visa programs . 
  i should know ; i live in australia now because of such a program . 
  think about the implications of the stuff you say . 
   i have yet to see anyone offer a proper explanation and yet people here feel free to down vote . 
  then that 's your own fault . 
  the reason 's people are against taking refugees haven nothing to do with compassion or lack-thereof , and they 've been discussed ad nauseam here . 
  it comes down to the fact that indiscriminately bringing in immigrants from undeveloped , socially backwards countries into europe is harmful to the society in virtually every way . 
  the few good things they bring , such as cuisine , art , etc. 
  are massively outweighed by their ignorance , lack of education or marketable skills , religious fundamentalism and generally incompatible or antagonistic practises and beliefs . 
  it 's possible to be sympathetic to the suffering of others while also understanding that some methods of trying to help them are likely to negatively affect you and thus alternatives should be considered . 
  self-interest is not incompatible with empathy . 
  everyone has reasons they believe are valid for believing what they do . 
  simply blaming other 's beliefs on lack of compassion gets you no closer to understanding what motivates them . 
  if gay pride parades antagonise muslims , as a gay man , am i supposed to find your comment reasonable ? 
  i say good good . 
  let the bigoted fuckers be antagonised . 
  a lot easier than for straight guys overall , unless they follow rule 1 and 2 . 
  the worst part is running out of new people to fuck on grindr in your area , but since the gay community in these small countries is centralised it 's less of an issue than you might think . 
  the last years of the roman empire . 
  that means moor-killer , by the way . 
  the spanish equivlent would be matamoro or matamoros . 
  that 's besides the point however . 
  enough to make crimea not an economic sinkhole ? 
  somehow i doubt that very much . 
  yes , becomes people are dying to go to russia these days . 
  or do you mean incestuous domestic tourism ? 
  can russians today even afford to go on holidays ? 
  oil prices might rise , but i do n't think they 'll get high enough to make a difference . 
  there are too many expensive sources of oil that will become economically viable as soon as prices go past a certain threshold . 
  there 's also peak demand to consider ; i 'd be surprised if we 're more than two decades away from that point . 
  i remember back in the early 00s how i thought eventually russia would gain access to the single market and how nice would that be if russia became a prosperous , truly developed country and used its influence to benefit europe . 
  i did n't consider eu membership becase even then i understood that the country was very proud and independent . 
  these days lets just say that what i 'm hoping for is not in the best short-term interests of the russian people . 
  it 's the most utilitarian action given the circumstances . 
  the overwhelming majority of those wo n't require circumcision to resolve though . 
  they 're pretty fucking bad . 
  not the worst compared to say peoples in the a middle east and africa but some of the worst in the region certainly . 
  who the hell pays to go to russia ? 
  if affordable male prostitutes is what you want , i 'd pick romania or hungary -- their men are better looking anyway and not as likely to sell your organ to buy drugs and booze . 
  what is it with people in rich , well off countries ( particularly in europe ) simply being unable to appreciate or take pride in the good things their country achieves ? 
  if you tell a netherlander , swede , fin , norwegian etc about something nice about their country ( bikes , education , standard of living , tolerance and so on ) they 'll spend 15 minutes going on about how shit their country is and how they could be doing so much better followed by a list of everything they can think of that invalidates it . 
  it makes me want to slap the shit out of them . 
  i hope my friend dimitri is safe . 
  i have n't seen him in ages . 
  we say `` chequia '' as well . 
  having your food travel from literally the other side of the planet is : 1 ) expensive . 
  it 's not as simple as getting rid of the cap and importing cheap food ; prices will rise accordingly . 
  and it will become more and more expensive as time goes on . 
  2 ) inherently more insecure . 
  vulnerable to interruption due to all sorts of factors from global warming to political instability etc. 
  3 ) it sends our money overseas instead of circulating in the common market . 
  4 ) puts you at the whim of outside forces . 
  think opec . 
  5 ) eu food is probably the the best in the world . 
  quality * will * suffer . 
  ( enjoy your hormone-pumped meats from the us and contaminated chinese rice ), 
   of course it should . 
  it 's not like food is the only strategic resource that 's necessary for the functioning of a modern economy . 
  there 's nothing more important than food and water . 
  it makes as much sense to rely solely on imports for the former as the latter . 
  unlike the countries we get our energy from , the major producers of food in the world are all on different continents . 
  do i really need to point out how that is a * bad thing * ? 
  pretty much . 
  you can pay people a lot of money to have children , make use of artificial wombs , or slow or stop aging and that 's pretty much it as far as viable choices . 
  immigration by itself is just kicking the can down the road . 
  the only way for immigrants to maintain their rate of fertility when they move to a rich country is to keep them poor ; otherwise they 'll eventually have the same amount of children as their neighbors . 
  only if we get our immigrants from the right countries and make sure they 're not ignorant peasants for once . 
  lets not repeat germany 's mistake . 
  we 're not quite at the point where we have to scrape the barrel for our immigration needs so we should stop acting like it . 
  what we have to do is severely limit immigration from africa and the muslim world and encourage indian , chinese and select latin american immigrants to settle here . 
  should the eu have to rely on non-eu countries for its food ? 
  either you begin importing all of your food from the us , china and brazil or you shut the fuck up about the cap . 
  yeah yeah . 
  tell me again how the patriarchy took your sweetroll . 
  the vast majority of the objects of violence in all media are males . 
  take those feminist blinders off , they look stupid . 
   what ? 
  that 's not a logically valid statement . 
  absence of evidence is not evidence of anything . 
  it 's an indication that we do n't know . 
   semantic symmetry is not truth .
