  absolutely . 
  i ca n't think of any worse neighbours to have right now than those three , apart from north korea . 
  cyprus , kurds , incarcerated journalists , loss of secularism , large population , poor . 
  did i miss anything ? 
  they 're unemployed now , yes , but that could change . 
  you , unfortunately , will always be a pussy . 
  the irony here is that you probably rub your little pink boyclit every night thinking about some rugged southern hunk making you his wife . 
  apparently neither can you . 
  that 's a terrifying prospect . 
  i suddenly feel a pang of pity for english men . 
   killing 100 000 cows and then eating them is ok begging the question . 
  that would be ni\u00f1ita , but even that has no negative connotations as far as i know . 
  it 's no different from grown women being referred to as girls and men as boys in english . 
  i can see why you 'd find it shocking though , you probably use gender neutral pronouns and sit down to piss . 
  [ your ancestors ] ( http://einherjar.blog.is/users/3d/einherjar/img/c_documents_and_settings_administrator_my_documents_my_pictures_viking_warrior_825635.jpg ) vs. [ you now ] ( http://www.eastbayexpress.com/imager/b/magnum/3125693/66f7/mg_books_3419.jpg ) . 
  i ca n't think of any data that corroborates your claim . 
  women consistently rank status as wealth at the top of the list when seeking partners . 
  i love that , or rather : ai lob dad . 
  i disagree , i thought his little joke at the end was very charming , as was his smile . 
   and ethics can be based solely on the consequences . 
  `` consequences '' implies more than medical benefits . 
  is it ethical to subject infant girls to double mastectomies to prevent breast cancer ? 
   you 're free to check the bibliography of the page . 
  that does n't make for a very good discussion . 
  i want to see what * you * believe , and why , so i can know what it 'd take to change your mind/argue you into silence . 
   your first link is solely concerned with your ethical whims and uses it as a significant factor against circumcision . 
  ethics are a fundamental part of a complete cost-benefit analysis in medicine . 
  if it were all about supposed benefit alone , it 'd be easier to justify performing double mastectomies on infant girls than circumcisions on infant boys . 
  secondly , you 're purposely misinterpreting these sources . 
  the first one , for example , defines routine infant circumcision as non-therapeutic which makes their stand on the issue quite clear ; and so on down the list . 
  --  my proof is based on existing science . 
  i said said , the burden of proof here is on you , not me . 
  you provided a single link to a cdc page . 
  you 've not properly supported your stance quite yet and it 'd be ridiculous for me to argue your case for you . 
  firstly , as i listed above , you have to successfully prove these supposed benefits are true . 
  so i would like you to write what you believe are the benefits of circumcision and provide links to * papers * ( not editorials ) to support these claims . 
  this is the start . 
  it was n't part of my point . 
  my aim was to demonstrate that , regardless of what certain westerners might believe , genital mutilation practices between the sexes have more in common in the context of motive/intent than they differ . 
  i specifically mentioned those both mgm and fgm have in common , and only some of them . 
   still dismissing sexual purity for women as a reason , i see . 
  i 'm not . 
  * a * reason is not the same as * the * reason . 
  there are plenty of justifications for mgm that are deeply misandristic but that does n't necessarily mean that these are the only justifications or even the primary ones . 
  while the purity meme might be almost exclusively female , there are others just as damning that are exclusively male . 
  -- and you did n't answer my question . 
  do you agree with their stance of actively perpetuating mgm , even while they fight against fgm ? 
  this is a red herring ; since you joined the conversation defending the who 's stance , i asked you to justify its vocal condemnation of one form of genital mutilation on one hand and the active perpetuation of another . 
  secondly , stop referring to fgm as a specific practice in and of itself just so you can compare it to a particular form of mgm and feel justified . 
  there are less harmful types of fgm than foreskin/frenulum amputation and there are also types of mgm that are comparable to the worst forms of fgm . 
  how about you attempt to justify their actions then ? 
  is it defensible for them to , on one hand , condemn genital mutilation for one sex yet actively promote it for the other ? 
  personal attacks against who ? 
  they are simply facts . 
  the who * does * condemn fgm and it * does * advice people how to perform mgm . 
  they 're hypocrites and obviously too biased on the subject of genital mutilation to be taken seriously . 
  unless of course you believe that mgm * should * be practised but fgm not ? 
  and what i said about feminists and other western hypocrites is also true . 
  they try very hard to draw an arbitrary line in the sand by dividing genital mutilation into `` horrific crimes against a whole sex '' and `` meh , penises '' . 
  the truth however is that reasons parents circumcise their daughters are more likely to resemble the reasons they cut their boys than the inverse ; after all , ** all ** culture that practice fgm also practice mgm but the reverse is not true . 
  parents cut their children because ancient traditions have biased them into believing that mutilated genitals are more beautiful , cleaner/purer , more feminine/masculine , due to social pressure , due to wanting their child to be accepted by the community . 
  there 's no difference from a filipino boy being called gay because he 's intact than for a somali girl being referred to as having a third leg because she 's unmutilated . 
  i do n't consider the who an objective source , since they condemn fgm yet provide manuals on how to `` safely '' perform mgm . 
  as to your other source , fgm activists and feminist are notoriously ambivalent or outright antagonistically dishonest about separating mgm and fgm by means of `` intent '' . 
   oh , sure , they 're just happen to be exactly the results i talk about , but surely noone intends for them to happen . 
  right . 
  penile sub-incision has the almost the same consequences as infibulation ; similar degree of loss of sexual , reproductive and bodily functions . 
  you assume too much . 
   wrong . 
  there 's a strong element of sexual control in female genital mutilation . 
  your sources are really terrible . 
  the first one quotes an indonesian cleric yet the types of fgm most common in indonesia are the removal of the clitoral hood , clitoral incision ( not excision ) and certain other varied forms of ritualised injury such as pricking and blood-letting . 
  either way , it certainly does not tell us anything about the reasons why parents choose to do it to their daughters . 
  [ here 's a video of an egyptian mother explaining why they circumcise their children ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck2m91fg-wa )  type iii ( infibulation ) , removal of all or part of the inner and outer labia , and usually the clitoris , and the fusion of the wound , leaving a small hole for the passage of urine and menstrual blood -- the fused wound is opened for intercourse and childbirth . 
  these are the results , not the motives . 
  it is also the most severe type of fgm and the rarest besides . 
  first of all , you 're being disingenuous by comparing one of the most serious forms of fgm to foreskin/frenulum amputation . 
  how about comparing practices that result in similar loss of function ? 
  you could excise * all * of the external female genitals with the exception of the clitoris and it would not equate the loss of function that male circumcision entails . 
  your focus on clitoridectomy as the be-all-end-all form of fgm is very telling . 
   as i understand it , removing a clitoris has far more effect on nerve sensation than removing the foreskin . 
  [ ... ] as i was saying elsewhere , the clitoris is widely considered necessary to achieve orgasm , whereas the foreskin is apparently not necessary for that purpose . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` nerve sensation '' ? 
  there 's more to genital function than sexual sensation to begin with ; it is probably fair to assume that the clitoris is more vital to sexual satisfaction than the foreskin but it is also true that it has only one function while the foreskin has many . 
  yes really . 
  i 'm not attacking you personally but the fact that you 're not alone in thinking that , even in this post , shows what an impact decades of hypocritical social campaigning can have ; people are more aware of genital mutilation that occurs in third-world shitholes halfway around the world than what actually happens in their own backyards . 
  more than 70 % of all male circumcisions are muslim and they usually cut their boys as toddlers or preteens . 
  of all circumcising countries , * only * the us and israel practice infant circumcision . 
  everyone else that 's not muslim or the above two usually does it during adolescence . 
  survey data of intact women , not circumcised ones . 
    as i 've already mentioned in this thread , every study i can think of involving women from places where female circumcision is normalised will show that their self-reported sexual experiences are no different from uncircumcised women . 
   i 'm talking about the rarity of severity with male genital mutilation . 
  i do n't accept that this is a rhetorical dodge , as you are implying . 
  male genital mutilation is , by a few orders of magnitude , more common than fgm in europe . 
   there are some citations here [ 1 ] . 
  what i 'm saying , that clitoral stimulation is required , is certainly the conventional view . 
  this tell us what these women * should * feel , not how they actually feel . 
  it 's not really relevant at all . 
    and for the record , circumcised men self-report the same , unless they 've been circumcised as adults and then they report a loss of sexual function . 
   that 's a fair point , i 'd say .
