  it is clear enough that people here agree with me , overwhelmingly . 
   absolutely none of you advocating this mindset would ever think about eating , say , a chimp , not one of you . 
  are you purposely misinterpreting my post or did you miss the glaring * `` cognitive ability aside [ ... ] '' * most people eat animals as intelligent as dogs on a regular basis . 
  pigs are extremely intelligent yet few people give a fuck about their suffering . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure that only reason more humans do n't eat apes and dolphins is that they are not as accessible -- those human populations that have had the means to do so , have done so . 
  and by the way , i 'm a vegetarian . 
  if the cognitive abilities of the animals you eat are such a concern , you probably should n't be eating many animals to begin with . 
  there 's a pretty vocal and organized lobby against horse meat . 
  if i remember correctly it remains illegal to slaughter horses for domestic consumption in the us . 
  dolphin bacon ? 
  ( i 'm a vegetarian ), 
  pigs are more intelligent than cats and just as intelligent as dogs . 
  intelligence has very little to do with what animals people will and will not eat . 
   i say we start eating people . 
  if you wish to have an intelligent conversation this is not the way to start it . 
   horses are loyal and loving animals , like a dog , [ ... ] so are pigs , more so than horses . 
  it all comes down simply to culture . 
  the more common scenario is probably a guy seeing a cat or dog skulking around his fields , he shoots it and tosses it in the stew . 
  they 're usually eaten opportunistically , rarely if ever raised for consumption . 
   `` meat is meat '' it 's essentially true . 
  cognitive ability aside , eating one animal is not intrinsically different from eating another and cats and dogs are not more self-aware than other animals people eat . 
  westerners that balk at the idea of others eating cats or dogs remind me of the hypocritical preoccupation of americans with horse meat consumption in europe . 
  all new eu members were expected to join the eurozone when they signed up . 
  not everything has to be put up to a fucking vote , specially if it 's already been agreed upon . 
  arrogant prick . 
  get the fuck out of cyprus , stop oppressing minorities then get back to us . 
   it 's a pity everything is bogged down due to cyprus occupation . 
  hardly the only reason . 
  turkish human rights policies are not even close to par with the rest of the eu . 
  maybe not atheist but certainly not actively religious . 
  i 'm not sure why spain has this super religious image ; only old people go to church here . 
  we live in the best times that humans have seen since there have been humans . 
  people alive today are the healthiest , wealthiest , more educated and most peaceful in the history of our species . 
  healthcare for women costs more ; should women be taxed more based solely on their sex to cover this discrepancy ? 
  like men subsidize women 's higher healthcare costs ? 
  good . 
  i 've always appreciated the french approach to secularism . 
   where are you from ? 
  haha . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i 'm picturing a polish guy using a boiled potato to push his food around in the plate . 
  i think that 's the first time in my life i 've used that expression . 
  can i please have some banana peels ? 
  i 'm hungry . 
  tell us again how much you love pot , norwegiantoker . 
  what shortsighted bullshit is this ? 
  these are students from countries that not very long ago would have been traveling to those places in ships and planes , to blow it up . 
   islamophobes you 're begging the question here . 
  you seem to be taking for granted the fact that hating islam is somehow a bad thing . 
  that 's a false dichotomy and it 's not like there 's even such a thing as a scarily homophobic party in sweden to begin with . 
  if we were talking about some of the less developed countries in europe , maybe but even then i doubt few are out to make homosexuality a capital offense , iran style . 
  you realise this is / r/europe right ? 
  the least religious continent on earth that is not solely populated by penguins . 
  how about you try to refute the evidence he provided instead of whining about being called ignorant ? 
  how many is enough ? 
  if it 's just brits complaining no one will give a fuck . 
  the uk is the boy who cried wolf , at this point even if they were actually making a good point no one would listen . 
  they 'd need support from a lot of the rest of europe . 
   people almost always are in favor of their ethnic group/country/continent , because that 's where they have been raised . 
  usually they do n't know about all other countries ' details and nuances , and i 'm positive this was the case with that guy saying `` europe 's the greatest continent '' even if you think his reasons are distasteful , which i wo n't agree or disagree with , that does n't preclude him being right . 
  even vile , rude and evil people can be right like anyone else . 
  `` ethnic group '' is a distinctive unit composed of many individual units in turn . 
  stop moving the goalposts ; i am not in the mood to play word games with you . 
  your exact question was : `` so do you think , for example , it is ok to go around saying my ethnic group is better than yours ? '', 
  when you say my `` ethnic group '' and `` your ethnic group '' you are talking * two * things , no more and no less . 
  my answer to that is that yes , some groups are better than others . 
  the only way for that not to be the case if if you do n't make any value judgements at all , in other words , if you are a rock . 
  you said ethnic * groups * , which i rightfully assumed to mean ethnic groups as entities of themselves . 
  you should have been more specific in your question if you wanted a more specific answer . 
  better at what ? 
  if you 've got some evidence to back up your claim , sure . 
  for example : * germans are better than spaniards at not being in debt . 
  * kiwis are better than yanks at rugby . 
  * sikhs are better than jews at not genitally mutilating their offspring . 
  if you mean better in general then you 'd have to consider all the qualities you consider good and measure each group to see who does better at measuring up to those standards . 
  you did n't really refute anything . 
  emotional outrage is not a a valid rebuttal . 
  that 's pedantry and also wrong . 
  he probably did n't use the word continent to mean a geographical region but countries within . 
  it is very relevant in the context of immigration . 
  no one likes living in shitty places . 
  there are only a handful of continents , one of them has to be the greatest by any metric . 
  if europe is the greatest at most things tugasnake values than that is a valid statement . 
  should i be the one to point out the obvious ? 
  * snort *, 
  you know what this article needs ? 
  more hyperbole !, 
  is n't it too early to tell ? 
   would n't this just lead to far more painful and traumatizing ritual circumcisions outside hospitals ? 
  female circumcision for certain ethnic groups would be a lot less traumatic if done by medical institutions instead of bush grandmas ; yet it still remains illegal in many of our countries and the outcry if that were to change would be massive -- even though it would undoubtedly lead to better outcomes and a reduction in suffering to the girls . 
  -- which parties here have the moral burden ? 
  the hospital is absolutely acting in the ethical way . 
  if parents that are denied hospital circumcision go on to seek other avenues to have their children 's genital cut ; then it 's , primarily , * their * fault . 
  they are the ones doing something wrong , not the doctors that refuse to condone something they believe to be wrong . 
  secondarily , it is also society 's fault , as in this case , for making it so easy for them to do so . 
  absolutely . 
  basically only africa is having high population growth and trying to stop climate change at this point is a waste of time . 
  our only option is to develop technologically to the point that we can deal with it in the future before it kills us . 
  fuck that . 
  islam is barbaric , backwards and incompatible with everything i value .
