  not really . 
  it would involve lots of speculation and hunting for sources for something that is not really relevant this post . 
  a good example is the japanese obsession with `` cuteness '' , or rather their version of it . 
  to be fair , there are plenty of european countries where the banning of the practice has been discussed with varying degrees of seriousness . 
  [ `` the findings of this study indicate that sexual desire , pleasure , and orgasm are experienced by the majority of women who have been subjected to this extreme sexual mutilation , in spite of their also being culturally hound to hide these experiences . 
  these findings also seriously question the importance of the clitoris as an organ that must be stimulated in order to produce female orgasm , as is often maintained in western sexological literature . 
  '' ] ( http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/3812643?uid=3739600&amp;uid=2&amp;uid=4&amp;uid=3739256&amp;sid=21101160442957 ) -- the clitoris is a mostly internal structure , if cutting just of the tip of it completely compromises a woman 's ability to orgasm then it is a very poorly evolved organ . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
   i find female circumcision to be much more scary as it 's the equivalent of cutting a male 's glans . 
  not all forms of female genital mutilation involve the removal of the external clitoris and there are more severe forms of male genital mutilation than the one you 're probably aware of . 
  you ca n't just compare the worst form of fgm to a middle-of-the-road form of mgm . 
   the majority of women get off only through clitoral stimulation , ** so most circumcised females never orgasmed . 
  ** that seems like a pretty bold claim . 
  obviously the excision of the external clitoris must have a deep impact on their sexuality but most circumcised women , like most circumcised men , tend to say that they can enjoy sex just fine . 
  men can orgasm just from stimulation of the prostate if they 're horny enough , would n't the same apply to the internal structure of the clitoris ? 
  it seems counteractive that an organ that is incidentally erogenous would do a better job of it than one evolved specifically to provide pleasure . 
  -- and by the way , i 'm not trying to make light of fgm . 
  that it is horrific goes without saying ; i should not even need to mention the fact . 
  it 's just that there is very little objective research on genital mutilation , male or female . 
   i do n't know why i defend it so much , it 's like the one conservative belief that i have . 
  you have no choice but to defend it if you want to maintain your current self-image -- that 's a pretty huge incentive . 
  men * have * to believe that we have the best possible penis ; the biggest , the hardest , the prettiest cock in all of creation . 
  there are few things we love as much yet at the same time are as insecure about as our cocks . 
  admitting that circumcision is a bad thing brings all sorts of uncomfortable logical implications . 
  it would mean that your cock is not the best it could have been , that your parents * chose * to subject you to penis reduction surgery and so on . 
  why would any man choose to embrace that truth when all around them are millions of others ready to validate the beliefs that would allow him retain his self-image ? 
  -- and if i sound cruel or unsympathetic , i should mention that my partner is a circumcised american . 
  i fell in love with him while on a work trip to the us and have since brought him here with me . 
  he 's gone through a lot of distress over this and it is because of him that i am so passionate about the subject . 
  not really , the americans imposed certain sanctions and rules upon them but they really did not manage to change their culture in any perceivable way ; if anything , japanese culture is diverging further from all western cultures now more than ever . 
   that 's why i do n't understand the hatred of it from places like germany and reddit.com/r/europe ... 
  it 's just my raising . 
  think of us as outsiders looking in ; able to notice things that are so normalized in your mind you can not even see . 
  we hate male circumcision for the same reason americans hate female circumcision . 
  it is an unjust tradition that we happen not to practice and can thus examine more objectively . 
  the japanese have always been a very proud , very insular people with a long history of isolationism and hostility to foreign ideas . 
  koreans on the other hand have suffered from a few identity crises , specially post-division . 
  american influence due to all the military personnel there . 
  basically south korea went from being a third world shithole to having a modern economy but its culture had to play catch up . 
  they basically believe that circumcision is the `` western '' , `` civilized '' thing to do . 
  you were arguing about the definition of mutilation , which is not quite arbitrary . 
   of course nobody is going to let someone put a knife to their peep when they are adults . 
  yet you are in favor of inflicting it upon your own offspring , something you admit you 'd be too terrified to go through yourself even though you 'd be provided adequate pain relief -- which they do n't for babies , by the way , not completely . 
  their bodies generally ca n't handle the amount of anaesthesia it would require to make the surgery actually painless . 
  this is of course not to mention the recovery process with the wound rubbing against a diaper and piss and all the possible complications that could occur , including death . 
  tell me , why would you choose to hurt your own child ? 
   so that does n't mean that people just happen to prefer it . 
  think about it . 
  you prefer your cock as it is even though it 's been modified to the whims of your parents/culture/etc which is as good a reason as any to not like it very much . 
  men are both extremely proud and at the same time very defensive of their penises . 
  you are damn right intact men would prefer it or at least say they do . 
  if we 're going to start questioning men 's claims about their own preferences , we could very well start with yours . 
   it 's also totally different . 
  i was circumcised , and i do n't feel violated or anything . 
  would you be shocked that most circumcised women , even those that have gone through the worst possible forms of the procedure feel the same way ? 
  they embrace the practice as a boon and inflict it upon their daughters in turn . 
   if i were n't circumcised , i probably would have had it done later in life ... what would you bet on this ? 
  even in the us where circumcision is very prevalent , adult circumcision is extremely rare . 
  statistically , had you been left intact you 'd have gone on to enjoy your foreskin like any other man without giving it a second thought . 
   it may have started as an anti-masturbation thing , but that is pretty inaccurate ... as evidenced by the ridiculous amount of times that i have bated . 
  did you know that men with no penises at all can still orgasm through prostate stimulation ? 
  it 's about efficiency ; the foreskin 's basically a built-in fleshlight with the added bonus that is itself erogenous so masturbation will stimulate both the glans and itself . 
  it actually used to be quite common in spain , though less and less these days , particularly in urban areas . 
  and yes , it is still backwards though realistically it does n't really destroy any function or tissue like circumcision does . 
  it does n't even hurt that much -- i got four ear piercings myself as a teen , done without any anaesthetic . 
  it is still purely cosmetic though and should not be inflicted upon infants . 
  most of them have it done to them as kids before they have the ability to protect themselves ; it happened to my partner and it has caused him a lot of grief . 
  but we do understand it . 
  we understand that it is backwards , abusive and barbaric just like every other similar bodily mutilation inflicted upon unconsenting parties throughout history . 
   if you were a muslim , changes are the government would make sure you had pork for dinner every day and a woman boss . 
  that 's gold . 
   there 's a danger that the subreddit will become crowded with languages that most americans , i.e. , most redditors , ca n't understand . 
  it 's not like this subreddit * needs * americans for some particular reason , your perspectives are not exactly relevant to our discussions for the most part . 
  polandball ca n't into language . 
  apoyo this idea . 
  i would have thought american . 
  why exactly is an irishman defending such a barbaric , abusive practice ? 
  the cologne court declared that circumcision constitutes `` bodily harm '' against the child . 
  in cases of abortion , the courts usually err on the side of the mother for obvious reasons : whose rights do you believe the court should be protecting , the child 's or the parents ? 
  neither is male circumcision for muslims . 
  the only religion that unequivocally demands male circumcision is judaism . 
  if they had to make exceptions so male circumcision is allowed but female is not on those grounds then the law would actually only need to allow it for jews . 
  you 're actually making the argument against it being allowed on grounds of religious freedom stronger here . 
  -- just out of curiosity where are you from ? 
   lets see if the constitutional court finds this law contradictory , i suspect it will and the constitution will be amended [ ... ] amended away from protecting the right to bodily integrity * and * religious freedom of the child ? 
   because i suspect it was never in the spirit of your constitution to persecute minorities , which is effectively what this law will do . 
  no , it will protect the rights of boys . 
  on one hand you have the religious right of the parents to mutilate their offspring and on the other you have the religious right of the children not to be mutilated as well their right to whole body . 
  it 's impossible to justify male circumcision as a parent 's rights issue without validating all other similar unsavory practices . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  any argument in favor of male circumcision would also apply to female circumcision . 
  an exception would have to be noted and how would they justify that ? 
  for the record , since i 'm the largest voice of dissent here so far : i am myself an immigrant , a cuban-born spanish citizen . 
  i ca n't say how different things might be in germany but i 've never felt so alienated in spain where it would lead to my * great-grandchildren * having problem integrating into the country . 
  i do n't get any more trouble here for being cuban than i do for being gay . 
  they ca n't do that . 
  remember that males are not the only ones that get circumcised . 
   if you truely want to bring female circumcision into this , then you have no idea what you 're talking about dude . 
  there is no argument against one that would not also apply to the other , particularly in the contexts of bodily integrity and religious freedom , as i mentioned . 
   there is a legal argument for having it legal .
