  add a nitrogen fixing , high nutrient value legume like * pinto * ( molydenum , dietary fiber , fatty acids ) beans and you 're basically set . 
  some milk if you want to splurge . 
  of course , the above does n't take into account the rest of our perfectly domesticated , farming down pat staples , such as wheat , corn and rice . 
  both wheat and rice , the two main staples are self-pollinating , while corn is wind pollinated . 
  ( i hope i 'm remembering all of this right ) which brings us to ... bees !, 
  colony collapse disorder ? 
  not that big of a deal despite the alarmism ; number of hives continues to grow steadily . 
  ccd , while damaging to individual keepers is not the end of all beekind . 
  where all non-domesticated pollinators to go extinct , we would we fine . 
  even now hired domesticated hives are slowly taking the place of wild pollinators . 
  that said , even if they could not keep up , the majority of foods that require this type of pollination are not staples . 
  without them , our food supply would be less interesting but we would n't starve . 
  our population is expected to peak at about 11-12 billion by the end of the century and if we continue our current pace of development it will begin to decline shortly after . 
  that 's it . 
  we 've won . 
  if we can increase production to food to feed 4-5 billion more people we 'll never have to worry about food again . 
  what 's the most important requirements to achieve those numbers ? 
  energy . 
  and we 've come full circle . 
  i 'm taking this to pms . 
   sounds like what a virus would say if it could talk . 
  a very intelligent virus that has the power to shape the course of life on this planet . 
   ants , termites , bats , frogs , birds , all essential to human life as we know it . 
  when i used the word `` keystone '' i did n't mean to form the phrase `` keystone species '' -- a plant or animal that plays a unique and crucial role in the way an ecosystem functions -- but rather those that we rely on , as staples , for survival . 
  an unfortunate choice of words . 
  and as far as i know , neither ants , termites , bats , frogs or birds fall under that category . 
  --  some kid that obsessively posts about circumcision to / r/mensrights debates with a scientist about a science he knows nothing about . 
  well , i 'm a men 's rights activist and my main focus in activism is genital integrity . 
  i also donate monthly to different genital integrity organisations and participate in all sorts of events , fundraisers , fairs , etc. 
  that 's sort of what activism means . 
   you 're beyond foolish if you think the billions of people in undeveloped countries attaining western standards of living is worth the cost to the environment . 
  raising the developing world 's standard of living is the only acceptable option . 
  whether we do it at the expense or the environment , and to what extent , is irrelevant . 
  it simply must be done , as soon as possible . 
   it would result in an even greater loss in biodiversity and ecosystem function that humans are not immune from in the slightest . 
  the majority of keystone species we rely on are domesticated to the point that they 've been completely cut off from their ecosystem of origin and widespread ecological collapse would not affect them . 
  [ i 'm more concerned about the people alive today that are slowly managing to claw their way out of extreme poverty . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/03/the-best-news-in-the-world-we-have-made-real-progress-towards-ending-extreme-poverty ) our descendants can deal with the mess if they can , if not , the human race has had a good run . 
  i 'm not willing to make humans suffer today for the sake of people that have n't even been born -- not any more than they already do . 
  and if you 're talking about `` long-term '' in terms of a couple of decades , i disagree vehemently . 
  it was worth it for the west to industrialise and grow the economy at the expense of the environment , and it will be worthy for developing countries to do the same . 
  yeah , fuck that . 
  i 'd rather humanity and everything else on earth go extinct . 
   overall people may be benefiting on average , but that does n't really help the people who are actually suffering greatly because of it . 
  that 's reality . 
  people suffer and this is the best we 've ever tried to fix things . 
  accept it or join a communist cult . 
   capitalism does n't exactly distribute benefits ( and downsides ) in equal proportion to everyone . 
  nothing can do that , because the world is not fair . 
  if you gave everyone in the world the same amount of money within a generation you 'd have the same amount of income inequality . 
  thank you . 
  some fucking sanity . 
  really ? 
  how many people has china pulled out of poverty ? 
  how much has extreme poverty fallen in the last half century ? 
  you 're looking at the world through shit-coloured lenses . 
  what was the alternative , not go through the industrial revolution ? 
  even now renewable energy sources are barely beginning to become viable . 
  who was it that killed nuclear again ? 
  that 's right , environmentalists and other crazy hippies . 
  if we 're * really * going to be fair , the people taking that pollution are benefiting economically from it . 
   why ? 
  it 's sad to see turkey turning into just another islamic shithole . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  that 's depressing . 
  sorry what 's your point here ? 
  are you trying to imply it 's wrong for women to show their bodies ? 
   what does ugandan legislation have to do with european democracy , and what does the ukraine association agreement have to do with morality ? 
  should n't that be obvious ? 
  either you 're being willfully obtuse here or you 're dense . 
  you asked whether the results of the democratic process were unfortunate . 
  i said they could be , and linked to an example . 
  [ it certainly can be !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uganda_anti-homosexuality_act,_2014 ) just because something is decided democratically does n't make it moral or desirable . 
  you 're being unnecessarily defensive . 
   hold a similar referendum in all the member states , and guess how many of them turn out red . 
  that would be unfortunate too . 
  i 'd be more than willing to listen to how exactly you 'd do that , considering that men , men 's choices or anything related to them is not the reason the world 's birthrate is plummeting . 
  yeah , lets blame everything on anti-female sexism . 
  i 'm done here . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
   go watch north country [ 1 ] . 
  is based on a true story about women working in a mine . 
  can you even statistics bro ? 
  do you know what percentage of women work in the mines ** less than 1 % !, 
  **  you suggest to take women right 's in order to rise birth rate and my attitude is the disgusting one ? 
  i did n't say it was nice , i said it would * work * . 
   i only suggest them to help rising the child . 
  and i explained to you why it did n't make sense , nor would it be fair , to expect men to work in the home back in the day . 
   basically , unwanted and unplanned pregnancies . 
  is this to preserve europe or to make it into africa ? 
  the difference being that we have strong social safety nets whereas africa does not . 
  also `` unwated '' children , also known as accidental pregnancies can have perfectly healthy family lives . 
  i was one of them . 
   because the son is also them . 
  it 's called division of labour . 
  women took care of the kids because the men were to tired to do so . 
  male work was already harder than female work , even without them contributing in the home . 
  expecting men to work harder outside of the home and also contribute equally * in * the home means they 'd be expending many times more effort . 
   they worked , they need to do the housekeeping and taking care of babies while men just worked outside .
