  excuse me ? 
  just `` worked outside ? 
  do you have any fucking clue how * dangerous * and debilitating traditional male work is ? 
  are you honestly arguing that staying home and taking care of children was somehow more tiring than physical labour ? 
  even today men make up ** 93 % ** of workplace deaths even though they 're 54 % of the workforce . 
  ( in the us ) it was much , much worse in the past . 
  your dismissive attitude is disgusting . 
  do you even see men as human or are they just animals to you ? 
   so will a few more ( unwanted ) babies . 
  no such thing as an unwanted baby in this context . 
   if other contraceptives are possible , than people would use them . 
  condoms , the only relevant contraceptive here , are harder to use , less reliable and men hate to use them . 
  there would be more births . 
   i have and i did n't like your ideas . 
  we have to help people to manage their kids . 
  not forcing them to have . 
  ok are you dense or just oblivious ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4013f6/gif_map_animation_median_age_in_europe_19602060/cyqxhb3  also , i do n't know about other countries , but in portugal , men helping and being active in the rising of the child is quite recent . 
  my father and my uncles never changed a dipper , for example . 
  on the other hand , men have always worked harder than women , at more demanding , back-breaking jobs . 
  ( and still do ! ), 
  why would you expect a father to come home and change diapers after working in the mines , laying brick or being down in the mine all day ? 
   because , if they have to pick one , many of them will choose the career . 
  this is not actually true . 
  women work because they have to ; you need a two person income these days to afford a house and family . 
  before women joined the workforce in mass , since labour was scarcer , one income was enough to mainatain a household . 
  [ also , if given the * choice * , women will rather stay home . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2010/11/dutch_feminism ) some of the wealthiest , most progressive european countries also have some of the lowest labour participation from women . 
   baning abortion does n't make it disappear . 
  it severely reduces it . 
   baning contraceptions will be a huge public health problem [ ... ] i specifically mentioned * female * contraceptives i.e the pill and intrauterine devices . 
   what we have to do to is help families to have and to rise kids . 
  which is exactly what i 've suggested -- like a dozen times . 
  have you actually read anything i 've written ? 
  unfortunately , while a bit more realistic than the above plan , it 's not one that 's likely to be implemented in time in most countries . 
  as an example , look at the guy complaining about poor lazy people and minorities lying about and using the money given to parents so they do n't have to work . 
  there 's a large segment of the population in every nation that loathes freeloaders and will rather their entire society collapse than pay for people to have kids . 
   you see , i do n't like that path and i 'm sure a lot of women think the same . 
  that 's losing womens rights . 
  i did n't say it was a realistic plan , just an effective one . 
  as it stands , unless we have some kind of technological crash , the world 's population and particularly that of developed countries will continue to age . 
  [ eventually the only people having enough children to replace themselves when they die will be those countries in conflict where society has broken down . 
  look at iraq and afghanistan as examples . ], 
  ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/fertility_rate_world_map_2.png ) if you know anything about natural selection , the kind of revolutionary pressures that entails should make you shit yourself . 
  these are the kinds of people that will inherit the earth if we do not get lucky and discover how to cure aging or some other scifi technology . 
   besides , that would solve nothing . 
  apart from stopping us from going extinct , yeah , it would n't solve anything . 
  i already mentioned them above . 
   secondly , even if it did , `` western values '' encompasses more than just women 's rights . 
  yes , it 'd be shitty if we banned abortion and female contraception and other practical steps that would actually contribute to a healthy population , as opposed to just being arbitrarily dickish . 
  do you have any ability to reason ? 
  adopting some traditional family dynamics does n't mean you have to also do every other bad thing that people in the last did . 
  you 're arguing against a ridiculous straw man . 
   if you think what happens in the third world does n't affect developed countries , you 're mistaken . 
  especially as the worst climate change is yet to come . 
   they protested , the government hit back hard . 
  a civil war broke out . 
  this is how climate change affected syria four years ago . 
  ** this has also had negative effects in europe . 
  ** this is affecting us now , not `` in a very long time '' . 
  we * chose * to take these problems onto our shoulders . 
  we did n't need to . 
  yes , developing countries will be hit hard by climate change , eventually . 
  we have choices and resources that they do n't . 
  i 'm not even going to address your attempt to link climate change to wars in the middle east . 
   what happens when existing problems need to be solved now ? 
  what if there is no solution ? 
  what if we find the solution , but realize it 's too late to use it anymore ? 
  if we ca n't advance fast enough to overcome the obstacles in our path , we will die . 
  this has always been the case . 
  at any length climate change is not an extinction event -- it has the potential to end technological civilisation in the very long term . 
  * that * would be an extinction event -- in a couple of billion years when the earth gets too hot for life or in the case of some other cataclysm . 
  that is why technology is important . 
  if we had chosen to never dig up oil or coal we would have been dead anyway . 
  either due to bad luck or simply just time ; from an asteroid impact which we could n't reorient , a grb that our fragile organic bodies could n't survive or the ticking time bomb that our planet revolves around . 
  there 's nothing we could have realistically done different that would have had a better outcome . 
  the industrial revolution was a good thing , in spite of climate change . 
  the internet was a good thing , in spite of what you believe to be bad consequences . 
  if our world is so unforgiving , the fact we 're still alive means we 've taken the right turn at every fork so far . 
  and you know what ? 
  i 'd rather kill ourselves reaching for the stars than spent a million years crawling to the mud and then be snuffed out like dumb animals . 
   and yet that is exactly what you 're doing . 
  you assume technology will solve all current problems . 
  nothing else can . 
  without technology we have no future , without continued progress we have no future . 
  stagnation is death . 
  even delaying progress could very well means we die . 
  --  but if you think we can go to another solar system , you 're almost certainly assuming we will invent faster than light technology . 
  ftl is , as far as we know , impossible . 
  we do n't need ftl to travel to other systems . 
  and no , i 'm not talking about ridiculous ideas like generation ships . 
   people actually going to church . 
  in other words , not spain . 
  can you give me a real world example ? 
  what country should we emulate ? 
   we were talking about falling birth rates in europe . 
  buddhism was never prevalent on that continent . 
  you said more religious countries had more kids . 
  now it 's only * some * religions . 
  which religions have this magical power ?
