  where does this little canard come from ? 
  i hear it often from europeans and it makes me wonder how many of them have actually been to the us . 
  scumbag turkey . 
  that 's actually not the beginning of a joke ; they 've been acting like fucking scumbags . 
  he 's actually kind of right in this context . 
  muslims do n't have a good track record of treating gay people well . 
  even supposedly-civilized turkey is a horrible place for gays . 
   for labor muslims coming from half over the world are good as well . 
  umm , i 'd rather prefer the serbians . 
  no , we 're just civilized western europeans . 
  western europe is best europe . 
  nuke the pope . 
  funniest comment i 've seen all week . 
  well done . 
  some of the greatest pieces of classical music arose from religious stupidity , that does n't make them any less beautiful . 
  no , i think the greatest threat to the single currency is either a meteor strike or a gamma ray burst . 
   well i know people who are very right wing who say similar stuff about the bbc , demos , eu etc. 
  this is a straw man . 
  you 're conflating my criticism of demos ( that it is not as credible as gallup and that their polling questions were n't up to par ) with all of these other things in order to paint me as some sort of bigot . 
  fuck you . 
  this exchange is over . 
   i did n't say anything about that because i assumed you were right wing [ ... ] funny thing about assumptions . 
  i am not right-wing in the least , but i am gay and i am eternally weary of how often minority-loving people on the left try to juggle their love for oppressed groups that hate each other . 
  funnily , in this particular instance this hatred is overwhelmingly one-sided against homosexuals but practically all left-wingers will still side with muslims and attempt to whitewash their homophobia . 
   i think it 's inevitable that as muslims settle in western countries , the hateful bigotry of their religion will die out because their children are far less willing to carry on the tradition . 
  but what about the statistics that show that children of muslim immigrants are often more radical than their parents ? 
  of course , `` often '' is a very broad word but i saw the studies years ago . 
  this is obviously illegal . 
  time and time again businesses that have attempted to deny service to gay couples in britain have been ruled against . 
  there is no reason why it should be any different here . 
   also that critique could easily be levelled at the polls showing a high % of muslims endorsing sharia , it is highly dependent on what you think sharia is . 
  it could , i do n't know . 
  i do n't see how it is relevant to british to homophobia among british muslims , which is what i 've been discussing . 
  i also see that that you did n't say anything about my criticism of demos . 
  on further looking , it even seems to be linked to a communist writer that i remember having criticized the gallup poll when it came out . 
  even more interesting . 
   shows that muslims are more likely to strongly agree with the statement ' i am proud of how britain treats gay people ' than people of no religion . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  it 's a terrible question for a poll , for all we know they could be saying that they are proud of how some people shouted at a gay guy to jump off a bridge and kill himself . 
  ( actual story ) which is not surprising since demos is pretty far left and not even in the same field as gallup in terms of reputability . 
  what are they supposed to do short of kicking out all the muslims and skinheads or packing off the jews to israel ? 
  `` stop sucking that cock you queer !, 
  i mean it , if you do n't stop sucking that cock right now ... '', 
  considering it was done by a reputable polling agency , i think we can assume that their sample group was random and thus fairly indicative . 
  in one gallup poll , 0 % of the muslims questioned thought that homosexuality was `` moral '' vs all the polls that show 70 to 90 % approval from non-muslims depending on the question . 
  pardon me if i do n't believe that . 
  every survey i 've seen on what british muslims think of homosexuals , for example , has shown that more than 80 % -90 % of them are homophobic . 
  not only a victory for european science , but also cooperation . 
  this is what happens when we stop killing each other for a few decades . 
  i would n't say . 
  and that was also decades ago . 
  it 's a bit disingenuous to look at how the parties were in the past , since we 're comparing their modern behavior . 
  they support same-sex marriage ; socially they 're very far to the left in comparison . 
  also , tatcher was decades ago , that 's an unfair comparison . 
  that was unexpected -- about as unexpected as a defensive turk . 
  i wonder what they have in common . 
   male circumcision certainly is n't . 
  no , arbitrarily amputating body parts from helpless children is not abusive . 
   why did you not include jews ? 
  because most of his post is specifically about muslims . 
  it goes without saying that i feel the same way towards jewish infant circumcision . 
  i still do n't see your point . 
  americans in germany would be expected to follow german law . 
  what about them ? 
   talk to me when female circumcision is commonly practiced among millions of people . 
  it is ? 
  in indonesia alone there are many times more circumcised women than there are muslims and jews in germany combined . 
   female circumcision , in many case , removal of clitoris . 
  not true . 
  removing just the clitoral hood ( directly analogous to male circumcision , if less severe ) also falls under the spectrum of practices considered fgm and thus banned in many european countries . 
  trying to justify why it should remain legal is the same fucking thing . 
  why are n't you arguing in favor of legalizing female circumcision ? 
  the reasons you gave ( back-alley circumcision ) apply just as well there . 
   there is no dialogue , no conversation possible here . 
  what else do you expect me to say ? 
  i consider circumcision to be horrific child abuse . 
  any sort of compromise or `` dialogue '' would make as much sense as me admitting to that parents should be allowed to beat their kids with a piece of garden hose . 
   thanks for expressing your hate here . 
  says the guy trying to defend the abuse of kids that ca n't protect themselves . 
  if i am hateful then you are an evil , sadistic cunt . 
   people will get their kids circumcised out of hospitals . 
  they will not get their kids to doctors , and risk taking-uneducated butchers will cut kids penis . 
  i hope many immigrants will go to their country of origins to get their kids to circumcised in this case : at least a doctor will do the operation . 
  but those who can not go to other countries may take extra risks , which may end up hurting quite a few children . 
  the same could be said about female circumcision and all sorts of other similar crimes but that sure did n't stop most of our countries from banning it anyway . 
  above anything else , human rights must be enshrined explicitly in our laws . 
  if these muslims are so attached to their backwards culture , they can go to a country that panders to it and stay there . 
  they should not expect us to accept a practice we consider harmful and barbaric . 
   i hope we 'll find out if you or i are right . 
  joke 's on you buddy , if you think you 'd come out of this unscathed . 
  regardless of who 's `` right '' , we would * all * be fucked . 
  there are only a small number of ways that the current situation can and well and scores of of ways it could screw us all . 
  since when is saying `` this is not working and we need to fix it '' good crisis management ? 
  `` urged geater competitiveness ? '', 
  give me break . 
  i 'm sure her wise council will be in the minds of every german when the euro collapses and the world can no longer afford to buy your expensive cars . 
  modern germany can not remain competitive in the niche you 've chosen to establish yourself without the euro . 
  remember franz ferdinand ? 
  europeans have never needed much of a reason to kill each other . 
   apart from the six hundred years when europe dominated the world ...
