  boom . 
   many of us have abandoned the sub entirely feeling like it 's pointless to try to interrupt what is often a circlejerk . 
  that 's what every single person on reddit with a minority opinion calls people that hold the majority opinion . 
  i 've yet to encounter a single popular subreddit that 's not routinely referred as such by the salty outcasts . 
   no matter how well thought-out or how well-sourced , no matter how civil or otherwise , leftist opinions are completely shut out here , full-stop . 
  my point is that maybe you 're not saying the right thing . 
  if your argument is , `` well terrorism is nothing to be afraid of , it kills a lot less people than lightning strikes/shark attacks/drowning in a bathtub '' -- i 've seen this argument made many times by left people all over reddit -- then what you 're saying will be disregarded . 
  as i said , if your intent is to try and change how right people * feel * or * think * you will fail without exception . 
  what you should be doing instead is trying to find a way that you both can get that which you want the most by sacrificing that which you are willing to let go . 
  if you 're going to be down-voted anyway why not post something worthwhile instead of crap like this :  what did you expect this is / r/europe it 's like / r/the _ donald but with less memes also , what i see constantly from left people on here is that they just ca n't help but make collectivist moral arguments . 
  the discussion at this point should not be about what `` evil '' the other side is doing or their perceived ethical short-comings . 
  it also should not be framed in terms of emotion or * doing the right thing * . 
  people from the right side of the political spectrum have completely different values from you and they care about completely different things ; when right-leaning people feel threatened they close ranks and their circle of concern shrinks rapidly down to familial and tribal alliance and appeals to empathy will fall on deaf ears . 
  instead , what you should be focusing on is concrete goals , decide on what you 're willing to sacrifice in the discourse and what you must preserve at all costs in order to maximise your values , and act accordingly . 
  what we need are practical compromises that will allow the right to stop feeling so threatened and the left to not go into moral meltdown . 
  -- of course , i realise the likelihood of any of this actually occurring is close to zero but it 's really sad to see things follow the same predictable course . 
  r/europe is like it is * now * . 
  it is also reflective of a growing sentiment in the continent . 
  what does that tell you about the future , a couple hundred terrorist attacks later ? 
  if you are in the pro-immigration/refuegee/etc side of the debate , then it 's just as much in your interest to contribute to a working solution to the issue that works for both sides , instead of complaining about how mean everyone is , or you will not like the future very much . 
  [ the peaceful , empathic , hugbox type of people have power and influence in peaceful , stable times . 
  ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/03/04/a-thrivesurvive-theory-of-the-political-spectrum/ ) they should use that influence now , while they can , to work towards a common solution . 
  because if that stability were to end , they 'll be thrown in prison with the `` undesirables '' and executed as collaborators and will have zero power to influence anything . 
  sorry to make this serious but i 'm getting annoyed with left-leaning people that only know how to take potshots and do n't seem interested in contributing to the discussion at all . 
  at least the other side is willing to put forth ideas . 
  all you do is stand on the sidelines and call them racist , ignoring the fact that it 's just as much in your best interests to resolve things amicably . 
  even regular ol' violent ethnic cleansing is not incompatible with an utilitarian approach to ethics under extreme circumstances . 
  your non-violent milquetoast version where no one actually gets hurt or oppressed is certainly not . 
  that is the opposite of reality . 
  i 'm an utilitarian through and through . 
  yes . 
  it ' a also a voluntary , non-coercive process . 
  immigrant communities from poorer countries tend to have higher crimerates and natives do n't like that for obvious reasons so they move away . 
  there 's also the difference in culture and language to consider . 
  once one of the cultures proves dominant assimilation accelerates and social cohesion begins to increase . 
   and the diversity of cultures and peoples is what drives human progress in all fields . 
  can you substantiate this claim ? 
   from a nationalist 's perspective , history and ancestry are a crucial part of one 's identity . 
  wiping out an ethnolinguistic group , even non-violently , is rightly called cultural genocide . 
  wiping out implies force and belligerence , no ? 
  suffice to say i 'm against that , but if the process is peaceful then i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
   picture the blandest and most parochial elements in your society and imagine that things will be just the way they like it , forever . 
  do n't really care . 
  the group identities i identify with are self-selected so it would make little difference . 
  i place little to no value on most inherited identities apart from the most immediate ones , such as familial relations . 
   well yes , it 's basically the same thing . 
  that 's why we talk about stateless nations like the kurds in the middle east . 
  a nation is really an outgrowth of a tribe . 
  i 'm a diaspora croat , my family left during wartime . 
  i have an aussie passport and an aussie accent and i do n't speak my language perfectly anymore ( still fluent but i mess up with grammar etc ) but i 'm still a croat , i will always be one . 
  and that identity has value * to you * . 
  not to me . 
   that 's where the fundamental disagreement lies , i gather one of many , i imagine . 
   if you think there is such a think as a repercussion free , peaceful mass resettlement of different peoples , then you are historically illiterate many states in the us are slowly and quietly becoming majority hispanic and it seems like a pretty damn peaceful process to me . 
  are whites being `` ethnically '' cleansed ? 
  if the non-violent movement of can people constitutes `` ethnic cleansing '' in some moronic sense , then i guess i support ethnic cleansing ? 
  what , did you expect me to shift my internally self-consistent beliefs when you attached a scary label to it ? 
  so you 're basically agreeing with me that economic concerns are one of , if not the top one factor whether secession succeeds or fails ? 
  you do remember the original point of this discussion , right ? 
    there 's a reason why we left the soviet union . 
  while i get the idea of a benevolent european empire , to throw away our self determination under the pretext of '' oh but it 's european , not russian , so it 's okay '' , is a shit idea . 
  [ ... ]   if the soviet union had been a massive economic success and it 's people prospered under its rule do you really think it 's constituent countries would have been so eager to break away ? 
  --  catalonia and scotland are n't like other seccesionist movements , they 're huge at about half the population and a majority if you only count the indigenous population ( i saw the stats and if only native scots had been able to vote they would be independent irrelevant , unless you also think you should n't be allowed to vote in australian elections ? 
   the distinction is important . 
  nations and countries/states are not the same thing . 
  nation states are states for one nation , but a state can comprise several nations . 
  my parents ' state was jugoslavija , but their nation was never jugoslav ... it was croat as i said , this does not matter to me . 
  your definition of `` nation '' here is indistinguishable from `` tribe '' . 
  while i am all for self-segregating ourselves with others that we have things in common with , i do n't believe people should have any rights as groups -- only as individuals . 
   it does n't matter what their values are [ ... ] it matters to me and since we are , for some bizarre reason , discussing * my * values ...  [ ... ] you ca n't negate anyone 's right to self determination because you deem their culture lesser . 
  can you show whether i advocated `` negating ** anyone 's ** right to self-determination '' ? 
   nations have rights collectively as well . 
  they have sovereignty , which is not the same thing . 
  unless you 're trying to hammer in a distinction between `` nation '' and `` country '' , which i do n't care about . 
  but anyway we 're not talking about how things are here , but how i believe they should be . 
   latvians , croats like me , ukrainians , the irish have an inalienable right to a country where their language and their culture retains primacy . 
  and i strongly disagree with that . 
  it 's funny 'cause this is one of the arguments people use to defend israel 's existence . 
  the jewish people are entitled to their own country , they say . 
  i always found that to be a ridiculous argument . 
  i passively support israel 's `` right '' to exist because it is relatively free , democratic and its values align with mine more than the shitstain countries it 's surrounded by . 
   what about their standards ? 
  they 're free to shape their own beliefs according to them just as i do . 
   canada and america are countries , not nations . 
  european countries aside from a few places like the uk and spain which have different nations within them are nation states , states built solely for that nation . 
  in that case both canada in the us have many `` nations '' within them as well . 
  i find the distinction irrelevant . 
  also , i 'm not sure whether you 're aware of all of the amerindian tribes trying to carve little kingdoms for themselves out of the us and canada -- oh , and quebec . 
  i believe in everyone 's right to self-determination * as individuals * . 
  note i never claimed latvian people should have any rights stripped from them nor have their right to associate as they wish interfered with . 
  i simply said that i would not care if latvians become a minority in latvia as long as the culture the replaces them is equally valuable according to my standards -- and i apply the same reasoning to any country i 'm a citizen of . 
  if canadian culture and people somehow managed to peacefully take over the us it would n't bother me at all . 
   the uk is a massive success but many scots and irish want to break away . 
  yet here we are , a few months after a referendum on just that matter which i would say settled the issue for the time being , no ? 
  there are secessionist movements everywhere with varying degrees of seriousness ; what matters is whether they fail or succeed . 
  during the scottish referendum economic reasons were front and center as it is behind the catalunya secessionist movement . 
  i `` lost '' my home 16 years ago when my family left cuba and frankly i could care less . 
  these days i hold multiple passports and have lived all over the place . 
  i care about values above all else and have no reason to mourn when one culture is replaced by one that 's equal or superior in values . 
  that 's hardly the same thing .
