  but this is a stupid argument . 
  if a tree falls in the forest , does it make a sound ? 
  people have actually argued back an forth on this out of the misguided belief that if a question is asked , it means that it must be answered regardless of whether answering that question actually gives you any extra information . 
   [ ... ] because one works with nature [ ... ] you 're begging the question here . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  homosexuality feels as `` natural '' i.e intrinsic to homosexuals as heterosexuality feels to heterosexuals . 
  also , i asked for a time estimate , how about * you * answer that question since then ? 
   well , the time i talked about discrimination in the workplace i got downvotes and lots of `` you european women are completely equal , you just want an unfair advantage now '' and `` maybe it 's just a spanish thing '' . 
  why are the opinions of women more relevant than that of men ? 
  it 's not like data changes depending on whether it is being looked at by males or females and anecdotal evidence is worthless . 
   unless you somehow decide that humans and their creations stopped being part of nature at some point in history . 
  i did n't . 
  it 's an arbitrary distinction as far as i 'm concerned . 
  do n't be a dishonest douche ; i never claimed i did n't want women here . 
  all did was dispute the claim that we * needed * to have women for some nebulous reason . 
  i certainly do n't think that having more females would affect the quality of the discussions so it 's irrelevant . 
  if you could not have possibly chosen as you have chosen then was your choice actually free ? 
  this is called determinism , in various guises . 
  that said , even what i 've written above is a very childish elaboration on the problem . 
  in actuality , it 's not a problem at all but the equivalent of asking : `` if a tree falls on the forest , does it make a sound ? '', 
  talk about newspeak , how they level european efforts to prohibit even more inhumane slaughtering practices and child abuse are labeled as intolerant . 
  that 's a very simple understanding of what free will or -- or is n't , in this case . 
  i of course , would choose to disregard your command to endanger myself and so would most people -- that little detail gets you closer to the reason why free will * is n't * . 
  why do most people choose self-perpetuation vs. the opposite ? 
  because organisms that do n't care for their own survival rarely live long enough to pass on their genes ; genes that do n't survive , do n't survive . 
  everything that is and can ever be is linked by an unbreakable , inescapable chain of cause an effect . 
  no choice exists in a vacuum and the fact that you can `` choose '' at all means that you 've already chosen . 
  i do not accept the feminist concept of privilege as valid and i certainly do not accept that men are privileged as a group . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  it 's a pretty narrow , self-illuminating subject . 
   i just doubt the often-made claim that it is impossible to change how one thinks and acts regarding sexuality . 
  perhaps the initial attraction is unchangeable , but that has very little to do with successful relationships . 
  [ this is ben cohen , a fine specimen of the male sex by all accounts ] ( http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lgygzloaq11qh8f8po1_500.jpg ) ; give me an estimate of how long you think it 'd take you to train yourself to find the idea of burying your face in his crotch appealing . 
   well , i think it would help the discussion on some topics . 
  i ca n't see how . 
  we do n't really discuss sex-related issues very often . 
   perhaps , but if we are to say that people have free will , they can decide wether or not to act upon it . 
  that has absolutely no bearing on whether something is `` natural '' or not . 
  also , there 's no such thing as free will . 
  everything that exists in nature is natural . 
  it 's a stupid word . 
  also , attempts to change sexual orientations have never succeeded . 
  it 's pretty much fixed within a narrow portion of a spectrum . 
  is n't that just tokenism ? 
  do we * really * need more females ? 
  i 've honestly never given much thought to the sex of the people i 'm talking to here , either way . 
  talk about not seeing the forest for the trees . 
  i used a potential intelligence difference between the sexes as an example because it was the first thing that came to mind . 
  it 'd not the point of my post . 
  your irrelevant defensiveness is a bit telling , i think . 
  xenophobia and science are not mutually exclusive . 
  prejudice is the * irrational * attribution of certain faults to a particular demographic . 
  if it is proven that no misattribution has occurred then it is no longer prejudice . 
  if someone , for example , says that women are less intelligent that men with no evidence to support this conclusion then it can be fairly said that they might be prejudiced ; if however , there is actually such evidence and they put it forth then they are not longer being prejudiced but instead pointing out the truth . 
  bigotry does n't mean that someone is unfair or offensive , it means they 're unfair , offensive * and wrong * . 
  the practical concerns are more than that . 
  listen , moron , there 's a reason my post starts with the admonishment : you people have no foresight . 
  the prefix fore - implies both before and forward , as in anticipating events before they surprise us by biting of our bollocks . 
  if you did n't understand my original post after the second reading then we 're both likely to be wasting our times . 
  good day . 
  did you even read my post ? 
  those countries that can `` grow food more efficiently '' wo n't be able to do so for much longer , nor will their products be able to get to us here in europe quite as easily . 
  because it is easier to destroy than create . 
  breaking down systems , regardless of how flawed is many times simpler than to set up a new one . 
  i 'm not against modernization , in fact i 'd welcome but until there are clear plans and actual * work * being done towards that from the highest level downwards , i 'll support whatever i believe will have the best impact on our future . 
  i hear a lot about how the cap should be gutted but very about what it should be replaced with ; at least from the people that matter . 
  it 's not about inventing a new system or making our farms more competitive , it is about retaining our current capabilities regardless of what it takes . 
  if the cap can be cut * without * it meaning that we 'd have to rely more on imported food then i 'm for it , otherwise , no . 
  have some fucking foresight people . 
  we already depend on other countries for a lot of our energy needs , the last thing we need is to lose the ability to grow our own fucking food to self-sustenance levels . 
  we live in a world were global warming , peak oil and ever increasing demand are a reality . 
  climate change will accelerate the desertification of india and china ( not to mention africa being swallowed by the sahara but they 're not important ) and significantly impact agricultural yields in the us ( as the areas with the highest yields rely almost exclusively on rain , with very little irrigation infrastructure in place ) those three countries along with the ( hypothetically no longer productive eu ) make up more than 35 % of the world 's agricultural output . 
  can a diminished us and brazil feed the world ? 
  possibly , if a massive deforestation campaign is enacted in the latter , which would ironically contribute to the expansion of the already desertified northeast as well as global warming . 
  but , how do you transport all that food as oil becomes less and less abundant yet also much more difficult to extract ? 
  renewable energy sources can power a country but not the super massive container ships that are common today -- at least not easily or cheaply . 
  even if every country agrees to go the renewable way and oil was left for only the most important things like facilitating global trade , the price of shipping would still rise monstrously . 
  and lets not even go into how modern agriculture is almost exclusively dependent on fertilizers that require immense amounts of energy to manufacture . 
  -- so how about we do whatever it takes to be very damn sure that we can be self-sufficient in the long-term so my children or grandchildren do n't have to pay $ 80 for a fucking cucumber ? 
  our plan for world domination is proceeding according to schedule . 
   you have to admit though , it 's very good that with a 98 % muslim population , turkey still can hold onto secular values or even pass secular laws . 
  why have a lower standard for muslims ? 
  that 's both worrying and degrading . 
  because greece is a shadow of its former self whose future significance will never again compare to its ancient glory and thus its people cling to the past in order to maintain their self image -- well , that 's how i see this ridiculous and petty conflict , as an outsider . 
   you basically said that the overwhelming majority of muslims support genocide against homosexuals where did i say this ? 
  high percentage does n't mean overwhelming majority you intellectually dishonest cuntrag . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  i 'm not in any camp nor am i * looking for support * from anyone . 
  i am an individual and the crap you 've written above is not relevant to me in any way . 
  you know what * is * relevant to me ? 
  all the surveys from reliable sources that show how muslim immigrants feel about people like me . 
  when a huge percentage of a group , even in developed countries , believes that you should be killed i 'd say that qualifies as being `` out to get me '', 
   if you want to bring history into this , look at the spanish inquisition . 
  not relevant in any way to the subject at hand . 
  ( foreign invaders )  meanwhile christians were allowed prosper as people of the book in islamic societies . 
  except for unfair taxes and bunch of other terrible laws going as far as slavery in the case of the ottoman empire and a bunch of other similarly tolerant policies . 
  dude , you should really be more careful , because they are after you . 
  what if they actually * are * after me ? 
  muslims , even european ones , are some of the most anti-gay people on earth and an insane percentage of them believe that homosexuality ( and apostasy ) should be punished by death . 
   east turkey is not at all poor .
