  the original statement was : `` there 's a reason we left the soviet union '' . 
  do you have any evidence that national sovereignty was the main reason ? 
  if the soviet union had been a massive economic success and it 's people prospered under its rule do you really think it 's constituent countries would have been so eager to break away ? 
  in this following statement you 're only reiterating your personal beliefs ; we all have those . 
  alone they do n't make for very convincing evidence . 
  and that 's your opinion , which you are free to hold . 
  i do n't value the same things you do . 
  why ? 
   national sovereignty really ? 
  or is that historical revisionism after the fact . 
  suddenly everything becomes about banning slavery , liberating europe from tyranny etc. 
   ethnolinguistic diversity is a good thing . 
  why ? 
   why not ask a catalan or basque if they agree with your `` why not homogenize the entire world '' position ? 
  did i not clearly and explicitly state that people would disagree with my position ? 
   kind of like in canada or belgium . 
  not exactly great examples there . 
  might as well mention spain too ; no secessionists in spain at all !, 
  i ca n't say i share those concerns personally though i know many people do ; any culture is fine as long they 're as good as the other . 
  you certainly do n't want to replace latvian culture with say , moroccan culture but if latvia suddenly became majority german would that be so bad ? 
  no one need be genocided or oppressed for that to happen and latvian people need not die out or integrate unless they wish to do so . 
   there 's a reason why we left the soviet union . 
  crushing poverty and prison camps ? 
  i was born in cuba , the reason my family left had nothing to do with the restrictions on free speech and lack of elections and the fact that i only had one pair of shoes i wore to school , while going into town and to doctor appointments . 
  i ca n't say as i have ' t looked at any uk specific stats , but are you sure about this ? 
  in many instances only female victims get reported or get attention . 
  a good example is human trafficking and slavery , the overwhelming majority of the victims being men and boys yet few people know this . 
  usa usa usa !, 
   is that why they throw acid in women 's faces , ` western capitalism ' ? 
  sounds a bit far fetched . 
  just to disrupt the narrative : the majority of acid victims around the world are men , not women . 
  you mean to tell me that left has aligned itself with a veritable enemy of western civilisation . 
  [ well , that has n't happened before . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_union ), 
  exactly . 
  whereas a `` moderate '' muslim is one that does n't actively support terrorism * but might still passively do so * in some manner . 
  killing apostates and homosexuals ? 
  absolutely moderate . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bn6up/poland_revokes_pledge_to_accept_refugees/d1bionz back your shit up son . 
  i ca n't believe i have n't seen that before . 
  brilliant . 
  except for the fact that you 're both wrong . 
  isis is just a symptom ; the disease is festering within our own borders and has been for a long time . 
  all these european-born muslims blowing up our people and running to the middle east to cut people 's heads off would still be terrorists if isis had never formed . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  kebab ca n't into header . 
  so what exactly did belgians do to deserve this ? 
  the stupid narrative that terrorism is merely a reply to military intervention needs to die . 
  the reason europe is getting bombed is because it 's got a lot of dissatisfied muslims and islam has been in conflict with europe for centuries . 
  fuck you . 
  the problem is that a lot of european bought into the anti-american narrative that terrorism was an answer to military meddling in the middle east , instead of the reality : terrorism is just another aspect of a far-reaching cultural conflict between the muslim world and europe that has been going on for hundreds of years . 
  well , you 're getting your wish . 
  people are becoming as apathetic about terrorism in europe as they are about the rest of the world . 
  welcome to the new normal ? 
  fuck you britain , i 'm already poor as shit . 
  spain will rise agaaaaaaaain !!!!, 
  unfortunately events of this nature do n't bring people together in the long-term . 
  it makes them pull in and worry about themselves . 
  what do you want us to say : `` sorry a bunch of people in your country got blown up ? '', 
  well it should go without saying that we 're not happy about it ; it 's fucking horrible and we 're indeed sorry . 
  but this is the new european reality . 
  do you bend yourself out of shape with grief every time someone gets beheaded by isis ? 
  no , you do n't , because that 's what 's expected . 
  people are growing desensitised to it . 
  i expect that terrorism in europe will just continue to increase indefinitely and there 's just so many times that one can post heartfelt messages on facebook about how `` we wo n't let them win '' and how `` today we 're all belgian '' . 
   they destroyed the language , not the culture . 
  if you say so . 
  from my admittedly uninformed perspective ireland has always seemed very much like every other `` country '' within the uk . 
  * funny accent * dead language * play a lot of the same sports * hates the english * celtic roots * oppressed by the english for years and years * like the same music and pop culture i realise the above is probably really offensive . 
  as i said i do n't really know much about ireland but that 's what it seems like to me from the outside . 
  yeah but that 's boring . 
  everyone here knows the english word . 
  going `` well the english managed to almost completely destroy the language and culture of another one of their slave races so they use ` yes ' too '' is not as interesting . 
  since you asked , this was my reply : nasa believes it can have a self-sustaining colony on mars by 2030 and various authorities have written on the pitfalls and requirements for colonisation . 
  whether they manage it or not , the largest impediment will be funding and will , not feasibility . 
  it all begins with energy . 
  large enough amounts of energy can facilitate , simplify and speed up virtually any process . 
  melt ice into water , use electrolysis to get hydrogen and oxygen etc. 
  the more energy you have , the less everything else matters . 
  apart from energy , immediate concerns are atmosphere , water , containment , insulation , radioactive shielding , calories and so on . 
  -- now , keep in mind that mars is an extremely hostile environment ; like nothing we have here on earth . 
  settling antarctica would be child 's play in comparison . 
  so why do all these people believe that it can be done yet you struggle to imagine a world where humans thrive yet there 's little biodiversity ? 
  well , lets begin with energy . 
  biodiversity serves no function in this context and environmental concerns are often an impediment . 
  ( backlash against turbines because they kill birds , disposal of radioactive waste in non-human critical locations ) atmosphere ? 
  we could destroy all forest cover in the world and still be fine in that regard . 
  estimates for how much of our oxygen is produced by land plants vary but 40 % is the very upper limit and a fairer estimate is probably around the 30-20 % mark . 
  the rest is produced mostly by algae , cyanobacteria and other photosynthesizing organisms . 
  interestingly enough , not only is algal growth stimulated by warm temperatures , but also by nutrient-rich runoff , like say , all that nitrogen we use as fertiliser . 
  if all else fails , there 's intentional seeding of the oceans . 
  the algal blooms , jellyfish etc will basically kill off anything living there but who cares -- fish stock are already in terminal decline and communities that rely on it will have to change to new caloric sources anyway . 
  that 's atmosphere guaranteed . 
  biodiversity does not , as far as i know , help with radiation shielding . 
  ozone is created by ultraviolet radiation and the rest of the protection we rely on comes naturally by virtue of having an atmosphere . 
  and so we come to calories . 
  the big one . 
  firstly , lets start with * sweet * ( for vitamin e and a ) potatos . 
  basically all of the calories you could possibly want , if not all of ( and please do n't mention the irish potataoe famine as some kind of lesson against monocrops ; things did n't happen quite like that ) of the nutrition , but pretty damn good nutritionally by itself .
