  i despise it and the only way ill ever stop saying so is if they cut my head off . 
  the population of most of the first and second world is declining or stable ... 
  and why do you think that would be the case , if it were true . 
  they 're just as brown so it 's not racism ... 
  who the fuck cares about `` moderate muslims '' ? 
  what about the fucking victims ? 
  the innocent people being slaughtered like animals in the streets of a civilised , developed nation ? 
  so what ? 
  they provide a better service ; that 's all i care about as a consumer . 
  i know the french suck at english ( spanish do to ) but he said `` is '' , not `` was '' . 
  the muslim world is a shithole * now * . 
  good . 
  not feed them or provide any services to them , for starters . 
  sure . 
   you either choose not to , or you are unable to state the difference between killing a murderer and killing a child , outside of the comparable number of each being slain ... lol . 
  or maybe you did n't explain yourself well enough ? 
  i admit my eyes went a little bit crossed while reading your wall of text and failing to see your point . 
  can you restate your argument a little more concisely ? 
  are you trying to make an actual cogent point here beyond the fact that you are the typical retribution-minded person ? 
  lots of words and very little substance . 
  it still is . 
  cuba is the only country in the western hemisphere , or any country even remotely referred to as `` western '' , that is not democratic . 
  but that only makes it an outlier in this instance ; there are also other ways in which cuba is very much `` western '' . 
  it speaks a western language , was influenced by christianity , is a constitutional government , its people are descended from european stock as are most of its traditions , there 's a widespread emphasis on progress and tolerance and in-spite of the authoritarian government its people are extremely individualistic . 
  but none of this matters . 
  i do n't receive my values whole-cloth from the cuban government * or * the cuban people ; it 's just the place i was born , nothing more or less . 
  you wo n't wind a lot of rationalists or transhumanists on the island . 
  also , we 've deviated considerably from the original discussion . 
   despite the fact that you question whether the amount of people killed made a difference [ ... ] i actually said :   what difference is that * except * for the amount of people being killed ? 
  i think the amount of people killed absolutely does matter ; my question was about how they two instances of killing would be different , numbers aside . 
  modern western values are defined by enlightenment thought which is typically characterised by a focus on critical thought and empiricism ; the values of individual liberty , progress , tolerance as well as democratic and constitutional government and the rejection of religious authority . 
   argentina and brazil are impoverished nations and * are largely unaffiliated with the first world . 
  * what does that have to do with * western values * and * western civilisation * , the things we 're actually talking about here ? 
   they are considered non-white and/or consisting of a population that has too large a number of native non-white citizens argentina is 85 % white . 
  that is more than the united states , all american latinos included . 
  and i do n't mean `` white '' here , but actually indistinguishable from the average spaniard . 
  and once again , since when is whiteness related to western values ? 
   they are geographically in the new world , rather than the old , but unlike the united states , canada , australia , and new zealand , indigenous culture and race is still viewed as far more of an influential driving force . 
  1.50 % percent of the argentinian population is amerindian . 
  in cuba , though about 4 % of mitochondrial dna can is of native origin , the native culture was completely and utterly destroyed after colonisation . 
   `` western '' is also a term for european-descended first-world nations . 
  so what ? 
  western is used in many ways . 
  oftentimes synonymous with `` developed '' . 
  that 's irrelevant here . 
   either way , you are n't european - not much more to say here . 
  did i ever claim to be european ? 
  i am spanish , by law -- no more or less . 
  this has nothing to do with the discussion at hand . 
  ** you still have n't told which values define western civilisation . 
   direct spanish ancestor as in your parent or grandparent . 
  modern australians , kiwis , canadians and americans do n't qualify under these conditions . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  well , the us is n't european , but it is traditionally the home of `` western values '' - it also saved europe in ww2 . 
  that 's completely arbitrary . 
  what western value would you find in former british colonies but not former spanish colonies ? 
   why do jews want their own state ? 
  it 's funny , i asked the same question the other day about why people in baltic countries felt they needed to protect their culture from outsides and was told i was supporting genocide . 
   unless you have a direct spanish ancestor , you ca n't really be european . 
  virtually everyone in latin america has spanish ancestry . 
   unless you have a direct spanish ancestor , you ca n't really be european . 
  what 's the difference here between argentina and the united states ? 
   how ? 
  cuba is n't part of `` western civilization '' nor is it part of `` enlightenment values '' because it was colonized and occupied by spain . 
  first of all , this depends on who you ask . 
  if you follow [ huntington 's definition latin america is its own civilisation but this model is extremely controversial and outright ridiculous in some instances . 
  note , as an example , how papua new guinea and the philiphines are shaded as western and partly western in turn simply because they were under australian and american control at the time . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/clash_of_civilizations_map2.png ) instead of going around in circles , why do n't you tell me what your personal definition of `` western '' is here ? 
  secondly , and most importantly , values are not only something you inherit and can never change like a genetic trait . 
  i might have been born in cuba but not only did i not grow up there , my values are not even remotely cuban in any sense of the word . 
   well , you seemingly take pride in the spanish empire . 
  only logical , right ? 
  no , that 's ridiculous . 
  why would i take pride in it ? 
  first of all , it was horrible and secondly i had fuck all to do with it either way . 
  i take pride of being part of western civiilisation and enlightment values , because not only is that something i see as positive , it is also something i live everyday and help perpetuate -- but that 's hardly the same thing . 
   what would you do in such a situation ? 
  i 'd kill the person whose values were less like my own . 
  that might look like the same as your answer but that 's only because in this instance it 's likely the other person would have values that are more compatible with mine -- but that 's not a certainty . 
   yes , i was , so was my grandfather , and my great grandfather , and his great grandfather , ad infinitum . 
  what was their religion ? 
  your entire posting history is nothing but muslim-dick sucking so forgive me if i do n't take your word for it . 
   go read up on the works of mehmed sokollu pasha that 's not the perspective of the communities affected by this , but one of the brainwashed pawns . 
  also , it 's a single data point . 
   that `` article '' talks about females . 
  it has nothing to do with `` dhimmi boys '' , retard . 
  the abstract does , that 's not the full article . 
   it was shit . 
  but so was what every other empire in history . 
  what about your beloved spain and expulsion of jews ? 
  how heroic . 
  what ? 
  why the fuck do you think i would defend that ? 
  that was monstrous and horrific . 
  you on the other hand are clearly trying to minimise the horror of the ottoman devshirme system . 
   if it was then we would judge someone who causes an accidental death the same as we do someone who kills by design . 
  it matters in this instance because it 's a potential predictor of future action and the level of threat they pose to the community . 
  that 's specific to these circumstances . 
   that does n't make you spanish . 
  i have spanish citizenship , which says otherwise .
