  i 'm somewhat familiar with the german system , the american high school has 3 equivalents i think . 
  i hear bihor is nice this time of year . 
  rain and floods are something ... 
  not to be confused or anything ( totally not confused ) , but does this mean anything major ? 
  i thought good news would come of the white tiger cub :(, 
  when i visit romania , i do n't see as much crime and stealing as some might expect . 
  maybe because i go to the central part of the country away from the bigger cities , but things are improving for sure . 
  they have a kfc !, 
  you ca n't say that these two countries do n't have a future , once the generation that learned to steal to survive eventually pass away from old age , people might return to working for a living and focusing on education . 
  then again , they just teach the future generation how to steal . 
  there 's a lot of news in the justice section and not so much in the other ones : c, 
  my father might share some of your experiences except being from a different part of the eastern bloc, 
  oh , well at least you got through it, 
  i wonder what country, 
  at least you know next time to keep your money in your front pockets and to not get distracted . 
  the way i see europe as of this day and age is most of western europe wants to get closer to russia , while eastern europe is still trying to get over the days of communism and russian rule ( although only 2-3 countries were controlled directly by russia in the eastern bloc ), 
  compared to after romania became democratic . 
  are the working conditions really getting worse in your opinion / u/dngrs ? 
  til romanians are n't seen kindly by most of eastern , central and western europe :(, 
  oh ok , but i thought they could tranquilize it . 
  maybe return it to it 's owner . . 
  why did the cow get shot :(, 
  does he have to go to court now ? 
  or he has an automatic sentence . 
  would you say the justice system in poland is good ? 
  beside the fact that the pedophile that killed 4 children got only 25 years . 
  i think i would be better visiting lithuania then . 
  i 'm returning to europe so [ you were n't wrong , but it 's germany so . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yystxwq.jpg ), 
  op i have a question , if i wanted to move to lithuania how hard would it be to assimilate ? 
  as in learn the language , get a job and everything else . 
  the country looks beautiful and i 'd love to fish the lakes, 
  ( my romanian written is not so good : c ), 
  i mean it was a very good album overall , but i mean , oradea is one of the nicest cities in romania architecturally ( correct me if i am wrong because it 's mostly an opinion ) and iasi is also a nice city but i can see why you decided to go with the larger cities . 
  now i know more about my country , which is good but why did n't you mention oradea or iasi : c, 
  i like the translyvanian mountains . 
  not so bad week for romania, 
  i do n't think immigration will be on such a large scale as they say , there might be a large group of romas leaving those two countries for the west but it ca n't be ** that ** bad, 
  move a river ? 
  that seems a lot for a large gold deposit ... 
  i imagine it wo n't get passed easily ( than again , anything can happen in romania ), 
  it seems like some of what rt is talking about . 
  any news about rosia montana ? 
  ( i probably misspelled that ), 
  true , serbian sounds really violent , but i always thought we had a softer slavic side . 
  i can understand some of the other romance languages , but than they ca n't understand me . 
  i thought it was the people 's republic still . 
  what about romas ? 
  my dad saw it on rt. 
  i never though we would be friends with china since we do n't like communism that much . 
  ( at least my father does n't ), 
  i feel like this is very similar to my ` what do you like about ... ' series , but than again it is about places to visit and not general things involving the country . 
  true , but it will affect people when they must switch over from their weak moldovan leu to euro , when moldovan leu is 6 for one romanian leu last time my cousin visited chisinau . 
  i am not very familiar with economics thought and might be completely wrong . 
  eu is popular with university students , while communism is popular in the older generation . 
  the trend in moldova seems to be younger generation favoring the eu ( since they do n't have many prospects finding jobs in moldova since moldova might as well be a poorer , more smaller romania ) , and the older more rural generation ( as you said ) favoring communism . 
  thats already a serious . 
  it does n't imply , it just asks what a person likes about the country if they do like something about that country . 
  oh ok , they seem like normal referenda . 
  edit : i said laws instead of referanda . 
  are these all the laws you oppose bez ? 
  or just laws you find unfair ... 
  25 feet ? 
  are you guys accepting smart people ? 
  ah in braila . 
  do you remember if it was on protv or another station ? 
  i can probably go digging for it . 
  hehe ^ ^ ^ ^ google ^ ^ ^ ^ rarely ^ ^ ^ ^ shows ^ ^ ^ ^ news ^ ^ ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ ^ romania . 
  do you know if brasov is still have bear problems ? 
  ( did i spell that right ? ), 
  that sounds like a good bribe , my aunt got 500 euro for a baby bull . 
  also i 'm guessing the * mistret * left cluj-napoca ? 
  what i meant by better equipped was maybe some winter gear , and other things . 
  food was also a big problem for them . 
  i think he could 've beaten russia if they had went better equipped . 
  oh yes . 
  i forgot of partisan forces . 
  * had a lot of problems during both world wars , in world war 2 they got defeated . 
  * have a lot of different cheeses * perfume is sorta important there ( as far as i could tell ) * once had a larger empire with haiti , and a good amount of other african countries . 
  * napoleon bonaparte was one of the best strategical minds in the world . 
  ( please do n't get mad at me , it 's my opinion : c * their language is one of the most beautiful sounding languages . 
  edit : france had a partisan army , i forgot . 
  can i live in your country ? 
  that sounds lovely !, 
  did they arrest the italian ? 
  and where did the poaching happen ? 
  we all await that day . . 
  thanks for making my soul cry . 
  valtm has won the award , sorry for any confusion . 
  i checked it , but i guessed croatia : c, 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's a holiday for beer . 
  never knew they would have that . 
  sounds like my kind of holiday ^ ^ ^ well ^ ^ ^ mostly ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ dad 's, 
  j-dag ? 
  well it 's better than nothing . 
  well , do n't get at&t . you will get internet that cuts out twice a week . 
  how come you left with a deal like that ? 
  then my guess that it would be since it does n't break the context of that rule . 
  i do n't think acceptable . 
  if i were arguing i would n't just say idiot .
