  ( sorry for taking up the romanian spot , if you have something to add to my post , please speak up ! ), 
  so ya . 
  you still have potatoes ... 
  nope , we 're on roman empire . 
  all i know that you guys had a pretty bad potato famine . 
  that ireland does n't have potatoes anymore ... does it ? 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i can not see ireland without potatoes . 
  i thought that was common . 
  hmm . 
  what about our-street-dogs-bite-people boy, 
  well at least i found out beforehand that romania is supposed to join with bulgaria, 
  america has a lot of croissants , and pretzels are common snack food . 
  i always though the british enjoyed pretzels as much as the americans . . ( by enjoyed , i meant availability ), 
  so romania is colored in the schengen candidacy colors , only it 's mixed up with another color ? 
  how come romania is n't colored with the schengen candidates ? 
  no gypsy man ? 
  i 'm romanian-american , and i visited the countryside , but people were n't rude or wary of me . 
  they just saw me as a guy walking in sandals and socks with his 8 year old cousin . 
  thank you . 
  sorry for any confusion hinting towards it being a personal question . 
  i understand that , but i was simply asking for a personal opinion based on past experience or information you already have . 
  i respect that you want me to make the question more easy to understand , but i think that most europeans would know what a culture is . 
  no culture is truly easy to assimilate too , and i understand that . 
  i simply wanted a opinion from the wonderful folks of / r/europe . 
  thats it . 
  edit : this was n't a personal question , this was just an poll to see where most europeans steered towards . 
  culture includes the language , the lifestyle , food , and some other things i ca n't name off the top of my head at the moment , and if you read the definition of culture you could easily see what i was asking . 
  i am not asking how to create a rocket that can reach mach 3 within 10 seconds , i am asking a question that required an answer as easy as the country 's name . 
  i do n't see what is so confusing that would lead people astray when reading my question . 
  thats the point ... 
  i 'm looking for personal opinions . 
  it is sad for the romanians who want to make a new life in western europe and are discriminated against because they 're romanian when roma 's are form northern india originally . 
  my mistake . 
  there would n't be a sure fire way to say who is who , since the only way was to ask them for papers which they wo n't be doing since schengen removes the need for a passport . 
  well , i 've heard roma 's travel without documents since they have none , thats a start . 
  ca n't they put restrictions on the roma traveling from one country to another ? 
  winter came earlier to the mountains of romania . 
  a 3 year old girl was killed by negligent parents . 
  i wanted to do it but ok : c, 
  be safe belly jelly . 
  be safe my friend . 
  nope . 
  let me just send you my email so you can message me whenever . 
  indeed , if you 're interested . . 
  i do n't have a nordic pen-pal ( it 's hard to find someone interested in the us since 95 % of people know a lot about it ) , and it 'd be cool to have one . 
  ( it 's by email ), 
  do you live in finland ? 
  i feel special that i gave someone an idea . 
  forca :d, 
  atleast not most of us : c, 
  i do n't want to be racist to the gypsy minority or any minority in general , but if you want to move to another country , or live in another country , than that should be done with legal means , that being said the roma minority usually do n't have identification papers since they want to not be recognized as that certain minority , since they would be persecuted . 
  moral of the story is , roma should n't be going to foreign countries illegally but , the politicians should n't be so ... brash about telling the illegal immigrants to leave the country . 
  sometimes i wish i would 've spent time at my elderly uncle 's farm ... he had cows and about 4 plots of different plants . 
  it was cool, 
  did they continue to talk about the dogs attacking people or did that die that . 
  explain the rail transport part . 
  maybe the shipping ruined the taste . 
  i had toblerone in austria at billa , it was amazing . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  the reason i did n't provide a link is because , it 's kind of hard to provide a link for an atlas you bought from a bookstore with no website : /, 
  the times magazine has a nice collection of maps , maybe start there ? 
  otherwise , check a local bookstore . 
  i just did , whats wrong with my answer ? 
  france is n't that obscure . . 
  ok , i 'll post the hard one next . 
  but the idea behind the series was to combine what people learn from your series into a trivial series ... people do n't like trivia , so i 'll let someone else go down that path . 
  where did you get the ardeal tag ? 
  i can give it a try depending on the response . 
  ca n't please everyone , some people dont want it too hard or too easy : /, 
  it was a connection for other major road ways i think . 
  but the government is n't that good . 
  i say buna ziua or ciao . . 
  i 'm from there , and that it has amazing mountains /, 
  mountains too . 
  / r/travel will be able to help you better , although i wo n't be surprised if a resident dutch citizen has a suitable answer , but seeing as it is near 4am in europe , i do n't think you will get an answer soon . 
  bezbojnicul , what do you think of children of romanian parents who do n't speak romanian ( i 'm referencing biological parents , not adoptive ) . 
  i know a romanian who has disowned his heritage basically . 
  can i answer the question if i am the son of an expat ? 
  i have one more question , have you heard of people having trouble with degrees cause of the country they got them in ? 
  ( this is solely for switzerland ), 
  i 'm looking at different options of countries in western europe that i could live in . 
  switzerland still uses visas for european citizens correct ? 
  also , have you met people who live in switzerland but attended college in us ? 
  how is it living in switzerland ? 
  one year off , 98 :p . 
  i did check the wiki for poland , but i probably rushed it too fast for my own good . 
  that area still got invaded , but like i said before , i am still trying to work out a lot of the problems . 
  i 'll probably have a better version in a couple days . 
  it is n't perfected yet . 
  i have yet to release a good version that is not as wrong on information . 
  but was n't the general area invaded ? 
  i got stuck between france and poland and i was like , france is similar in size to romania so yea . 
  but i forgot to change it accordingly . 
  wisent is european buffalo , i chose poland since it was technically invaded in both wars ( thats what the history books said ), 
  poland . 
  poland . 
  super_swede was close , but it was sadly poland . 
  it is poland . 
  i made slight mistake when researching the country .
