  either `` peaceful piano '' or one of the jazz playlists on spotify . 
  i do n't listen to either in other circumstances , but anything with lyrics is extremely distracting to me , so there are n't many options . 
   t 's too difficult to escape , or get into base . 
  if someone were to hold the button for the gate , then the player who has grabbed could n't go through the gate , and as the other gap is so small , the defender holding the button could cover that easily as well , so nobody could escape base . 
  tried it out , and i think using the boost inside the base you could fool them and escape ( you could go through the gate or under it , and there 's no way to tell until it 's too late ) . 
  that 's definitely not newbie-friendly though . 
  also , the yellow boosts at top and bottom are interesting , perhaps even a bit overpowered : camping by it with the flag gives you two different ways to cap in seconds and no way for chasers to know which one you 'll take, 
  edit : wait i just realised that would mean camping practically inside the enemy base . 
  that 's a bit dangerous , i 'll take back the `` overpowered '' part, 
  bombs and boosts go both ways , it might be easier to hold than you think . 
  hard to tell without trying though . 
  i assume you 're a show-only guy . 
  in the books it 's pretty much confirmed it was joffrey, 
  how about `` no more than 1 piece of property for non-citizens '' ? 
  lore is hardly geography . 
  more like history or literature, 
  ummm ... that would also require some very weird losing conditions . 
  i mean , if you have money or properties to put in the middle , you have n't lost yet . 
  well , that 's tinfoil for you . 
  lf probably did n't even know what happenned ( possible , but unlikely ) , and mance was busy gathering or leading ( not sure about thetimeline ) a very diverse army that would surely disintegrate if he went for a vacation in winterfell . 
  you might wan na submit this to / r/writingprompts /, 
  about 5 of us , why ? 
   peace ~ ~ in the middle east ~ ~ is always temporary , never final . 
  matter of fact , it 's never long lasting and that proven in history . 
  you are oversimplifying a very complex thing . 
  i really do n't think the `` let 's let people do what they want '' approach is right here , even though i generally support it . 
  families , especially siblings , can have very wierd and complicated power/authority issues , and it can be very hard to tell ( even for those participating ) if it 's truly consensual or not . 
  i honestly thought this was satire until i realised you 're the same guy i was replying to . 
  try raping someone in an elevator . 
  that would be wrong on lots of levels . 
  your inner ear has an organ for sensing balance . 
  basically it 's a bunch of tubes with liquid in them , when your head moves the liquid stays in place for a while because of inertia . 
  this difference between movements of the liquid and the rest of your head is registered , sent to your brain , analized , and then helps with stuff like balance and eye movements ( it 's wired to be adjusted automatically ), 
  that balance thingy also explains why you lose balance after spinning : your head is stationary , but the liquid is still moving , and that screws with things, 
  good answers . 
  in addition to what 's been said , i also like to think of sexes as an early form of work division . 
  specialization leads to increased efficiency , and even though it 's obviously not relevant in modern times , back in the age of hunter-gatherers your sex was your profession . 
  having both sexes be equally good at hunting and gathering would 've led to shitty hunters and shitty gatherers . 
  you * do * know it 's damp-hair , right ? 
  that was actually standard stuff in the first the sims game . 
  if you proposed marriage to a hungry sim , they would literally reply `` i 'm too hungry to decide right now '', 
  inb4 somebody with that as a code for their luggage shows up, 
  my friend did that , broke both of his heels instead of ankles . 
  i 'll use the ram core to build a gui , then we both need to get on one keyboard to hack the smtp , otherwise we wo n't be able to type fast enough and the motherboard will out-hack us, 
  thank you, 
  you should probably speak to a doctor about this . 
  it 's possible they 'd find something wrong and fix it . 
  otherwise , physical activity does wonders . 
  another thing that does wonders is a regular sleep-wake rythm . 
  is 9-hour sleep a regular thing , or was it just this night ? 
  that seems like a pretty big privacy risk, 
  it makes the liquid 's droplets smaller . 
  a good example is inhaler drugs , large droplets do n't make it to the lungs , so they add stuff ( surfactants ) to make them smaller by reducing the surface tension . 
  because it makes it possible for doxxers to link your reddit account with your facebook . 
  actually , that makes perfect sense . 
  alpha partcles . 
  are you sure ? 
  in lots of countries the age of consent is 16 or lower , but porn actors must still be 18 +, 
  not sure , but probably yes . 
  otherwise the internet would be full of legal 14 year-old porn . 
  `` why not ?? '', 
  `` because it 's a fucking waste of tequila '', 
  on askreddit or another places meant for general discussions - hell no, 
  on help/advice threads , sure, 
  ~ ~ lol ~ ~, 
  ** you 're not op !!, 
  amorphous +, 
  still not finished ... 
  yeah , it 's not that simple, 
  whitonator, 
  besides the urinals , is there any other difference between the two ? 
  i carry porn with me , so i can knock on my wood . 
  i sex in a tent, 
   you still age in this room and will remain aged after exiting . 
  this rule ruins the whole thing . 
  i was gon na say self-improvement ( study for uni , learn an additional language , read a book , excersise ) , but this means that you do n't really gain any time , so . . what 's the point ? 
  the only real use i can think of is giving yourself an extra day before exams . 
  edit : since the rule got removed ( hoooray democracy ! ), 
  i would use the room for ... those . . things i named . 
  edit2 : also , i 'm permanently moving my bed in there . 
  sleeping outside this room does n't make any sense . 
  if good camera is your priority - check out the nokias . 
  shitty choice of apps available for them , but damm the hardware is good . 
  no , because `` good '' and `` evil '' are subjective . 
  also , what are we jugding ? 
  thoughts , words , or deeds ? 
  have n't read the book you mentioned , would you recommend it ? 
  this probably makes me an asshole , but there is literally nothing in this world i would die for . 
  even if it 's a choice between me and a couple billion other people , i 'm saving my ass first , and helping others second . 
  gladiator arena and a stabby thing ( like a dagger , but only the tip is seriously sharpened ) . 
  stabs can be very survivable if the stabber does n't know what he 's doing , some people get stabbed 60 times and survive . 
  i know anatomy , so i 'd probably only need one , 3 tops . 
  i could see it change if i 'll have children ( have n't decided on that yet ), 
  i think you 'd be very disappointed when you hear the `` why '' . 
  we used to semi-hermlessly fuck up the computers ( works outside school too ) :, 
  - printscreen the desktop, 
  - set the screenshot as the wallpaper, 
  - hide the icons and the taskbar, 
  - laugh as people complain about broken mice . 
   / r/rateme,
