  yeah , lots of people say it 's a requirement . 
  but what * exactly * makes it a requirement ? 
  probably a combination of diet and exercise, 
  i 've seen both , pretty sure there 's no difference . 
  also , he seems to be down . 
  last post was [ 6 hours ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/jiffybot ), 
  not gon na be casual i 'm afraid  i may be new to geocaching , but i 'm not new to backpacking through a forest for a few days . 
  gps does not need a cell signal . 
  you need internet for navigation when you do n't have maps on your phone . 
  you can get offline maps , though you do n't really need them for geocaching , knowing the direction and distance is enough . 
  information about rivers and other non-crossable stuff can be found in a paper map , which ( along with a compass ) i consider a must-have with or without a gps . 
  not really . 
  you have power steering and power brakes as long the engine is running , and since the car is in gear it will continue to run until you stop , even if it 's not burning anything . 
  every car i 've ever driven did n't need gas to start . 
  but they * do * need careful clutch handling , which is nearly impossible to do for a first-timer, 
  are they really separate ? 
  usually if you get the license for a manual , you can drive both . 
  i would n't give a fuck if my urologist could n't diagnose autism , and i would n't give a fuck if my kid 's physics teacher could n't teach literature . 
  they usually ca n't . 
  if a driver intends to only ever drive an automatic , then taking the time to learn how to drive a manual is completely useless . 
  why would n't they ? 
  all books are expensive . 
  when you buy a regular book , you 're not paying for the paper , you 're paying for the content, 
  also , / r/answers, 
  did n't know that . 
  still makes sense though . 
  when you make an audiobook , you have to hire someone to record it . 
  that person 's salary is an extra cost . 
  not sure if it 's big enough to increase the price by $ 10 though . 
  i honestly do n't understand your logic . 
  what difference does it make whether or not a person is able to do something he does n't intend to do ? 
  why would it matter how big is the difference between it and another ability ? 
  if i 'm not doing x , i do n't need to be able to do x. 
  thanks for the link , good read . 
  i still think i 'm right though . 
  article is about differences between types of food . 
  this discussion is about differences between food and excercise . 
  not quite the same . 
  me too . 
  never even tried an automatic . 
  it 's a minor thing , provided you have a manual car to learn on . 
  that part might be tricky . 
  even if you do , why bother ? 
  i certainly would go ahead and learn it , but that 's because i have lots of free time and i enjoy driving . 
  if you lack even one of those things , then there 's no point , and lots of people lack both . 
  muscle and/or fat . 
  muscle is usually prefered . 
  as many people before me said , it bulges a little . 
  but even if it did n't , * technically * it 's not a perfect sphere . 
  do n't forget that everything around us is a part of it , so every hill , tree , house , literally everything that 's even slightly above or below sea level is , geometrically speaking , an imperfection of the sphere . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( http://bulk.destructoid.com/ul/201140-meet-the-monsters-of-the-witcher-2/kayran03-620x.jpg ) . 
  i guess i 'll have to replay now . 
  what the hell are you tal ... 
  oooooohh snap !, 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  damn , i feel like a hacker, 
  for future reference ( firefox ) : right-click anywhere in the page  view page info  media, 
  redundant article is redundant . 
  of course it is . 
  which is much better than the alternative, 
  alternative to not wearing your seatbelt and getting insta-killed , because the steering column stabs you right in the heart at ~ 100km/h, 
  if you let go of the clutch quickly , you are guaranteed to stall on pretty much any car ... by `` start '' i meant start moving , not start the engine . 
   it 's because you do n't actually need any sugars, 
  yes you do . 
  glucose is he only nutrient that your brain and peripheral nerves can use , which does n't involve your body poisoning itself . 
  how about the fact that he was flung from the vehicle ? 
  no argument there, 
  / r/whatisthisthing, 
  tech support . 
  i ca n't stand explaining things that are obvious to me . 
  what makes you think it 's a woman ? 
  well yes , i do , because that 's pretty much the whole point of having seatbelts . 
  proper ones would have locked long before the roll . 
  everyone 's frontpage is different . 
  unsubscribe from everything except a few random subreditts with ~ 200 people in them , and you can be on the front page every day . 
  not sure if trolling ... 
  i fully understand that . 
  i know it 's hard for them , and i 've been there myself , it 's just that i find it really hard to teach something i understand very well . 
  it 's my problem , not theirs . 
  i can . 
  i hate doing it , but i can . 
  that would depend on who `` we '' are . 
  if you cook most of your own meals and do n't drink soda ( much ) , you 're probably fine . 
  yes , there are plenty of high-sugar foods in the market , but you can find lots of healthy food as well . 
  i think the real culprit is our lifestyle that leaves very little time for cooking and caring about what we eat . 
  jar jar binks, 
  lithuania . 
  ex-soviet country , that managed ( kinda ) to get away from russia 's influence and is now a member of eu and nato, 
  it 's a weird transitional state , we 're somewhere in between the shithole countries and west europe in pretty much everything , from standart of living to social behavior . 
  and since we 're in the eu , everyone compares it to the west and never to the bad places , which means everyone around me always complains about how shitty their life is , even though it 's not really that bad . 
  i do n't know much about fda ( not an american ) , but that makes sense . 
  green vegetables have pretty much 0 sugar , it 's not weird at all that the amount ca n't be attained by eating just them . 
  the food pyramid ... well , there 's a screw-up . 
  not sure if it was a genuine screw-up or somebody rich f *** ing with people , but at least that mistake is being corrected . 
  which may take a while , seeing how some other bullshit ( exhibit a : tongue map ) is still in some textbooks despite being refuted nearly a century ago . 
   3 months, 
   she already wants to get married and kids soon, 
  dude , run . 
  i 'm 99 % sure nobody would give a fuck . 
  they 'd be too far away to have any contact that would matter to the general population .
