  that 's probably a question for neuroscientists . 
  quite a few of us would , but that 's not quite the point here . 
  like you said , you would n't kill people randomly , which means you 'd understand how serious the act of killing someone is . 
  understanding that an action is morally wrong does not neccessarily prevent one from doing it . 
  his leg broke, 
  unless , of course , he is literally everyone 's father . 
  b + l = j, 
   a state can can impose whatever laws they like . 
  this applies to anything . 
  they can always make whatever laws they want , e.g. 
  they could easily pass a law that forbids wearing blue clothes . 
  but they should n't . 
   early next year , a second shipment of non-lethal military aid including a mobile field hospital , night vision goggles , bomb-disposal equipment and tactical communications apparatus will be sent by sea , he added . 
  wow . 
  that is some serious support . 
  proper western-quality night vision equipment could make a huge difference in this war . 
  yup . 
  that 's where the trade agreement with eu comes in . 
  i 'm pretty sure you mean the flu . 
  big difference . 
  i probably wo n't be the one who solves this , but you should elaborate on `` car wo n't turn on '' what 's happening exactly when you turn the key ? 
  is the starter working ? 
  i prefer to think of it as a sandwich, 
  what do you get if you mix a joke with a rethorical question ? 
  * pusantro * - one and a half in lithuanian , literally means `` half of second one '', 
  yeah , that 's what the oxygen 's for, 
  i think he was using the alternative definition of `` ambigram '' :, 
   an ambigram is a word , art form or other symbolic representation , whose elements are fucking unreadable when viewed or interpreted from any damn direction , perspective , or orientation . 
   that banner pisses me off every time . 
   the articles are pretty damn jumbled, 
   i go to that site a couple of times a week, 
  why ? 
  this is one of the dumbest questions ever . 
  all of them . 
  getting off on something that others do n't find sexy at all is the entire fucking definition of a fetish . 
  also , drinking, 
  maybe . 
  or maybe they 're done for the day . 
  or maybe they 're away for a hundred of other possible reasons . 
  either way , you 're not supposed to stop , get out of the car and walk just because there 's some people working nearby . 
  people drive through road constructions all the time , and it 's the responsibility of the workers to direct them . 
  maybe op is one of the workers who forgot to mark the fresh concrete . 
  sentence 1 : we ca n't just assume things , we do n't know what really happened, 
  sentence 2 : i 'm assuming x happened and will write several comments defending the assumption . 
  i ca n't even, 
  i do n't need drugs , i 'm high on ~ ~ life ~ ~ carbon monoxide, 
  on one hand , it 's very , very nice of you to convert it into the only format that 's understood by about 95 % of the world 's population, 
  on the other hand , if you 're gon na do that , you could at least try to make it accurate, 
  welp , bugs happen, 
  thanks for what you do, 
  it 's not science-fantasy , it 's simply fantasy . 
  nothing is explained through science/technology ( i mean not even how a lightsaber works ) ; the main character is literally a wizard . 
  disclaimer : talking about the movies here , maybe the extended universe is different . 
  is it really ? 
  then how come the beginning of the movie spends a lot of time explaining in detail , with ilustrations and examples and all that shit , how it was all caused by smart people having less kids ? 
  not in the movies . 
  i 'd take the link down , there 's no reason to give traffic to those assholes . 
  i hate to break this to you , but 2016 will not come in 2015, 
  literally this, 
  did n't work out for the pedo guy though, 
  that 's a bit difficult , since he 's shadowbanned now . 
  here 's the best i can do : https://archive.today/2fshd, 
  it 's just a `` recording '' of a comment thread on reddit, 
  it 's almost like we 're a bunch of different people with different opinions . 
  whooosh, 
  edit : judging by the vote count , you 're not alone . 
  tis a rare and beautiful thing to see dozens of people whooshed at once, 
  haha , yeah , i assumed the same thing at first glance, 
  now when the landline rings , on the other hand ... 
  surprise , motherfucker, 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  if there 's no sign , how am i supposed to know there 's a limit ? 
  if it 's a road with the default limit , there would be no speed limit sign to steal in the first place . 
  well , yes , of course . 
  what 's your point ? 
  default limits are not a bad thing at all , but putting up signs to confirm them sounds like a waste of resources to me, 
  in europe we have [ these ] ( http://drivinginfrance.org/files/3013/3951/8606/france_speed_limit_sign.jpg ) on borders . 
  works fine . 
  * dies of deep vein thrombosis *, 
   my coke/h dealers are never dealing weed , and vice versa . 
  * one reply later ... *, 
   i do n't care how many people you know who do something one way , it 's irrelevant . 
  `` young people have no manners '', 
  the truth is , etiquette is changing with time , and some people ca n't keep up . 
  when you hear someone say that , there 's a very good chance they just got told off for being a total asshole . 
  yes , and the best kind of birth control is abstinence, 
  or at least reading the comments beforehand, 
  in lotr , the story is only told from the `` good guy 's '' point-of-view , so we ca n't know if we 're not rooting for the assholes . 
  for all we know , sauron could be a heroic freedom fighter standing up against centuries of oppression, 
  name : lithuania, 
  race : local . 
  remove immigrants !, 
  address : east london, 
  religion : basketball, 
  sex : yes , please, 
  continent : europe ( the center of it , ok ? ), 
  union : < not worth printing , changes too often , 
  kebab : with pork, 
  if you had a high salt content in your body , temperature would be the least of your problems, 
  how does it save `` so much reading '' then ?
