  and that 's just silly . 
  humans have a very strong ability to see paterns . 
  this is very useful for survival , e.g. 
  we see a wildfire after a thunderstorm 2 times , and when another thunderstorm comes we get ready to run from the fire before it comes , because we recognised the pattern of `` thunder = big-ass fires a little while later '', 
  this ability has some pretty bad side effects , when we start noticing patterns where there are none . 
  racism is one example of that , as well as all kinds of superstition . 
  it started that way , but they now they definitely could switch to megabytes or mebibytes for the sake of clarity . 
  they do n't , because marketing . 
  let 's say there are 4 internet service providers in a city , 3 of them are offering 100 mb/s , the fourth one 12.5 mb/s . 
  guess which one would have the least customers . 
  it 's basically a stalking tool . 
  you can see what your friends are posting by going to / r/friends , and your friends get highlighted if you come across their comment/submission while browsing . 
  that 's about it . 
  of course it does , that 's like asking if toyotas have winshield wipers, 
  i 'm sure all of that is very important if you 're a computer scientist , or a programmer , or something like that . 
  the average user is far more familiar with megabytes and does n't give a crap about the technical side, 
  i just added you as a friend . 
  do you see it ? 
  there 's this dude named konzserwas . 
  coolest name ever . 
  yeah , it works , but apparently there 's no notification when somebody else adds you, 
  the `` do n't tell anyone '' part is stupid enough , but there 's more . 
  that 's a negative test . 
  i just had a weird thought . 
  what if trystane * is * aegon in the show , but show!varys does n't know anything about that and will stand behind danny regardless ? 
  fact 1 : we 've seen knights of the vale marching somewhere in the trailer , while varys is talking about her . 
  fact 2 : fans of the show * love * the rivalry between varys and littlefinger , and it would make sense for d&d to find a way to continue it . 
  just saying ... 
  i 'm sorry , mister president , but private dumbass here put the invisibility cloak on the exoskeleton , so we 'll have to invent both of them again . 
  see you in 30 years . 
  sandor looks very different in some scenes as well, 
  i prefer the new one , so you 're an idiot and should just go die or something . 
  sanitizing everything will not only breed superbugs in your home , but also pretty much neuter your immune system . 
  it 's a really bad idea . 
  you know it 's fucked up when somebody tones it down while making a joke about how fucked up it is, 
  i seriously doubt that isis has intelligence capabilities beyond google . 
  if we do n't know who she is , they probably do n't know either, 
  i 'm med school , had a surgeon tell me that infection-wise belly buttons are the most dangerous part of the body . 
  yes , that includes assholes . 
  by exercising the pectoralis major muscle, 
  that would make a lot of sense if we were speaking in greek . 
  words can move between languages with variations in spelling or pronounciation , in fact it happens all the time . 
  the proper medical term is `` hamplanetia cordis . '', 
  as long as it 's not a 2-litre glass of sugary soda, 
  it 's fun to see how people adapt . 
  everyone starts downvoting `` came here to say this '' to hell , so we work around that by finding a complicated way to say it . 
  how often you shave depends on how hairless you wan na be . 
  i 'm ok with short hairs , so once a week is fine . 
  the stubble is n't bad , and you stop feeling it at all after a while . 
  if it gets bad , putting on a tight-ish t-shirt solves the problem entirely , because there 's fabric in between the two sides . 
  also , his grammar really sucks, 
  eh , happens to everyone, 
  careful , he might eat it, 
  they require far less oxygen . 
  the blanket is , obviously , not airtight , so it does allow a small amount of air exchange , which is not enough for you , but might be enough for the cat . 
  you ca n't really be nostalgic about something that happened before you were born . 
  i do n't like coffee, 
  so , latte with a shitload of syrup . 
  anonymous tip about a bomb in one of the towers . 
  they would be forced to evacuate . 
  sucks to be the bomb squad though . 
  sleep is not about recovering energy , your brain needs the time to analyze and properly store the information it gathered throughout the day . 
  a state of medidation that is deep enough would be , for all intents and purposes , sleep . 
  no man wants a light on , when around op 's mom . 
  i 'd assume it plays into `` innocent until proven guilty . '', 
  if there 's no conviction yet , you ca n't really know if they stole or not . 
  and if it 's proven to be true a couple of months later - well , that 's nice and all , but does n't change the fact that you were talking out of your ass back then . 
  that 's probably just another shitty effect of the `` everyone 's a winner '' policy that 's so popular these days . 
  `` i 'm trying , so i 'm cool , right ? 
  effort is what 's really important , right ? 
  now where 's my cookie ? '', 
  no , go fuck yourself , effort does n't matter one bit . 
  ** results ** matter , come back when you have some . 
  and just so you know , `` halfway there '' is not a result . 
  there is a misconception here , but it 's not what you pointed out, 
  flu is short for influenza . 
  `` stomach flu '' does n't exist, 
  i 'm pretty sure `` ephebophilia '' is more like 12-15 year-olds, 
  i 'm not sure if that is a problem, 
  also , between 250k and 1mil, 
  also , would it kill them to sort the options ? 
  he clearly says these are backup methods in case the electrical system fails . 
  i think gendry wo n't be dying soon - he should have an important role in the end , since he was apprentice to the one smith in westeros who 's good at reforging v-steel . 
  step 1 : pretend to be who you want to be, 
  step 2 : lose your memory, 
  step 3 : read your comments to figure out who you are, 
  step 4 : become who you wanted to be, 
  that or the uk, 
  it 's a cpu with a 16 gb cache, 
  actually , it 's the i/v that made me quite happy . 
  because the pictured tube has juuust enough air in it to kill the bastard . 
  well , sugar and teeth is a match made ~ ~ in hell ~ ~ on a sofa, 
  `` shut up , i know how to count . 
  this huge bag of chips says 114 calories per serving , see ? '', 
  depends entirely on how rich you are, 
  check out syberia . 
  it 's a game that requires quite a lot of patience , but it 's really really awesome . 
   how long is a year, 
  this has been bothering me for a while now . 
  with unstable seasons , planetos should n't even have the concept of a `` year . '',
