  i have to clean , well , everything, 
  rule number 1 of capitalism : if the amount of people who want it to happen is enough to make it profitable , it will happen . 
  this is effected by the fact that these words sound the same, 
  a certain group of islanders would probably respond `` u wot m8 ? '', 
  there should be a subreddit for this . 
  wait ... 
  what time do the narwhals bacon ? 
  in most of europe , you must have either daytime running lamps or the headlights on . 
  most cars do n't have drls ( they 're mandatory in every new car for only a couple of years now ) , so they have headlights on . 
   funny since now lithuanians are spending hours in a store to buy things during the transitio, 
  cashier : that 'll be 80 cents, 
  grandma : * gives 80 litas cents *, 
  cashier : no , gradma , it 's 80 eurocents, 
  how much is that in litas ? 
  grandma : oh ok . * gives 200 lt note *, 
  you have to give the change in euros , right ? 
  cashier : for fuck 's sake , the register is fucking empty because of damn grandmas using the store as a currency exchange . 
  lem me see what i can do, 
  everyone else in the line : * waits 3 damn hours until it 's all sorted out *, 
  an apartament, 
   absorbing crimea means russia secures its baltic sea naval port . 
  you should at least get a map and figure out where crimea is before writing comments like that, 
  but this is n't irc , hitting enter does n't se, 
  one could say that the title was ... 
  crappily designed, 
  unless you 're typing with one finger , spreading out the letters is not really a problem . 
  hell , i can see how it could * increase * the typing speed , if you 're typing properly . 
  terror in paris : our terms of service and privicy policy have changed, 
  if i fits , i sioh shit, 
   this is my first time on this site and it seems like everyone here wants us all dead and gone . 
  man , you just picked a bad time to join . 
  right now the shootings in paris are on everyone 's mind , and there 's a * lot * more of muslim hate going on than usually . 
  but my ass is pureblood, 
  free parking brake, 
  i 've done this lots of times . 
  what you got ta do is push on the door frame , so you can get your ass in the car and slam on the brakes inside of 1 second if you need to . 
  yeah , because of the noisy thunderstorms, 
  you 're not talking about the thing everyone else in here is talking about, 
  i might be wrong , but it looks like the camera is much more forward and to the left than the driver 's head would be . 
  there 's a good chance that pillar would not actually cover the mirror from a normal pov, 
   only way the pillar is not blocking the mirror for the driver at all is if you stick your head out a little bit from the window . 
  it might be designed for dogs, 
  2 hours on the first point , 10 years on the second one . 
  kinda the whole point of this subreddit, 
  this , along with `` you are not your job '' is one of the ideas i strongly disagree with . 
  your job defines how you spend more than half of the time you 're awake , it largely defines your contributions to society , your skills , the people you interact with on a daily basis ... 
  your profession is the single most descriptive thing you can possibly tell about yourself . 
  it 's not ** just ** a job . 
  actually , with the epidemics of obesity and diabetes , `` 60 is the new 82 '' would be more accurate :(, 
  oh , i remember this one well , since it was the first time i seriously facepalmed at mythbusters . 
  the way they tested it , and the conclusion they got , was incredibly stupid . 
  they later revisited it one more time and got a different result , but it still was n't brainfart-free , because they were honestly surprised that there was a difference ... lol ... 
  yes , of course there are , you priviledged cis shitlord . 
  i do n't think that 's possible . 
  even with a 100 % efficient solar cell , the surface of a car is n't large enough to power it . 
  sure , it would have better range than without the solar cell , but you 'd still need to plug it in every once in a while . 
  a good example of this : airplanes . 
  today 's autopilots can take off and land easily , most flights happen without human intervention . 
  you still need a trained pilot in case shit hits the fan . 
  disclaimer : i 've never been in a cockpit , so i 'm pulling some of this out of my ass . 
  when you 're flying , there are no pedestrians , traffic lights , other planes ( sometimes there are other planes , but that 's the tower 's problem really ) . 
  flying is much more complicated than driving , but two different flights on the same route would require more or less identical actions by the autopilot . 
  other than navigating around storms ( and i 'm pretty sure that 's done by the flesh-and-bones pilots anyway ) i do n't think an autopilot needs to react to * anything * that 's going on outside of the plane . 
  for a car it 's the other way around . 
  the controls themselves are super easy , and practically anyone could make the software capable of manning them , but it would also need to scan and analyze everything happening around the car at incredible speeds . 
  until not long ago , there simply was n't a cpu that could analyze that amount of data that quickly . 
  ummm , yeah , we pretty much know . 
  hence the `` 100 % efficient '', 
  solar cells have a pretty clear limit of what they can possibly achieve : gather all ( 100 % ) of the energy that is being shined on them . 
  and when you 're talking about something as small as a car , `` literally all of the energy this object recieves from the sun '' is not that much . 
  you probably meant 10 ^ 43 , since 1/10 ^ 43 th of a second ago the universe was pretty much the same :p, 
  edit : note to myself : do n't pretend to be smart, 
  yeah , that makes sense, 
  go watch dark city, 
  not for long . 
  shit needs maintenence . 
  typing with one hand ? 
  digging the trench ? 
  literally ? 
  i should probably shut up at this point , but that was really not what i meant . 
  just making a lame joke . 
  strategy games . 
  i use cheats all the time because i suck at playing them , and i suck at playing them because i use cheats all the time, 
  `` money is just worthless paper , gold has real value ! '', 
  `` how come you 're paying the tv channel for a chance to offer me gold in exchange for my worthless paper ? '', 
  `` uhhh ... '', 
  if you 're snacking in between , you 're fine . 
  if not , you 're on your way to ulcer town . 
   with systems and `` rules '' ( though not backed up by the massive amounts of physical force the modern state has at its disposal ), 
  how are you going to enforce the rules then ? 
  during the time when most people lived their lives without seeing a soldier or a nobleman , approximately 1/4 would die because of violence . 
  fear of the power the state holds is the only thing that changed this . 
  small tribes work because of something called the dunbar 's number ( commonly known as the monkeyshpere ) - the number of individuals one person is physically capable of keeping a relationship with . 
  for humans it 's around 150 . 
  when you start living in a society larger than that number , empathy goes out the window . 
  how do you keep peace in a society without empathy ? 
  fear of being locked up . 
  ok , that subreddit 's css would be a solid submission to this one, 
  it 'd say it 's probably both . 
  the criteria you mentioned , along with a system of `` muslim until proven non-muslim '' for some races and `` non-muslim until proven muslim '' for others .
