  [ wincest ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/alae8/warning_potentially_disturbing_question_sexy/c0i6kuh ), 
  [ s03e09 ] ( / s `` really hated catelyn 's ( i do n't know the actress ' name ) acting in the last scenes . 
  the screams sounded so unnatural and forced to me , i felt like i was waching some amateur film on youtube . '' ), 
  edit : also , i find the sound of someone speaking high valyrian only a little bit more pleasant than the sound of nails vs. chalkboard, 
  i have the enchantment, 
  they have limited time , they have to choose . 
  show me a good dialogue over hacking and slashing any day . 
  there are hundreds of films and series with big battle scenes , not so many with got 's level of writing . 
  a matter of opinion i guess, 
  it 's just that lying down until they actually detect you makes much more sense . 
  - phobic has more than one meaning, 
  then again , i like to think in this case it actually means what you said it means and it 's one of the best cases of real-life trolling ever . 
  for a very long time homosexuality was considered a mental illness , now the people who oppose it are pretty much calling * themselves * mentally ill, 
  plot twist : the team leader is candlejack, 
  what 's `` leftover pizza '' ? 
   would you eat the meat of a cow that had been dead for a couple of days ? 
  the people who do n't are called vegetarians . 
  do you think meat gets to the supermarket the same day it 's slaughtered ? 
  great video , terrible link, 
  i did n't personally live in ussr , but frankly i do n't think you 're gon na find a lot of people who did . 
  from what my parents told me , there was all that low-income , low standart of living , huge corruption , etc. , but it was the perfect time for mindless sheeple ( yes , i used that word . 
  i pretty much hate myself now ) . 
  even now a lot of people are nostalgic about it . 
  the government was responsible for giving you education , a job and an apartament . 
  you did n't have to worry about * anything * , even though the quality of life was low , everything was given to you with pretty much no effort . 
  it was hell for people who aspired to be someone , but the general population was happy . 
  especially since they did n't really know how things were on the other side of the iron curtain , for all they knew , usa was even poorer . 
  / r/unexpected would enjoy this, 
  it does work , but it links to a version of the site that 's designed for smartphones and tablets . 
  next time just delete the `` m. '' at the beginning, 
  probably delayed by saruman, 
  it totally does . 
  pretty sure it does n't become unavailable if you level up too much though . 
  you made a joke about their shout time and he makes a joke about pick pocketing , so you get sarcastic ? 
  wtf, 
  i 'm pretty sure any picture would blow their minds, 
  same, 
  so a syrian rebel did n't like that usa was n't helping syrian rebels . 
  no shit . 
  support was extended on june 2008 . 
  vista was released on january 2007 . 
  what delays ? 
  also , one episode of ncis . 
  i 'm pretty sure that one actually used huckleberry finn leather bound first edition . 
  oh ... well , this is actually kinda confusing . 
  so there were two extensions . 
  first one was defined as `` an undefined date that is two years after the release of the follow-on operating system '' , the second one is extended support , which was originally intended only for xp pro , but they added the home editions to it in 2007 ( pretty much the same time when vista was released ) . 
  could n't find the reason for that addition , was n't it the netbooks ? 
  hodor !, 
  there are 2 doors , he pushes the wrong one, 
  was the tent marked as medical ? 
  idea regarding rule 3 . 
  it needs upgrading , but hey , it 's something . 
  perhaps readers could only speculate if they provide youtube links to everything they 're basing the speculation on . 
  if you ca n't find a video - too bad , try next week . 
  this could work , because subtle hints they ( more like we tbh ) ) noticed because of reading them in the books usually do n't make it to youtube . 
  any thoughts on that ? 
   you were born into bondage, 
  actually , feeding birds is also a bad idea , it 's just that most people did n't get the memo , or ( more likely ) they got it , but decided to ignore it . 
  especially older people ( whaaaat ? 
  should n't feed birds ? 
  i 've been doing it my whole life , it must be good ! ) . 
  two reasons that i can think of :, 
  1 ) most people give birds stuff that is n't good for birds , e.g. 
  well , at least around here . 
  2 ) if you feed birds around autumn , they often do n't realise that winter 's coming ( hey fred , why would you wan na fly somewhere , food is n't getting harder to find ! ), 
  and freeze to death . 
  that 's how most people learn, 
  even if it works , why would you want to do that ? 
  sweating is n't there to annoy you , it 's a very important bodily function . 
  my guess : you can close a bottle , you ca n't close a can . 
  if you ca n't close it , you 'll have to drink it all at once , which means you will probably end up drinking more of the product and giving the company more money . 
  that 's not creepy, 
  sauron 's the progressive one . 
  seriously , the army of mordor is the only non-segregated force in middle earth . 
  sauron is actually fighting for the rights of orcs , who are being repressed and exiled by the racist men . 
   but why on earth would bethesda cut that out ? 
  deadlines, 
  so it turns out erdogan is on reddit . 
  cool . 
  / r/funny is that way -- , 
  as long as it 's over 95 %, 
  a shot of naked dude and a peacock behind a message from youtube saying i have to log in to verify my age, 
  mmmm ... naaaah , i 'm good . 
  ummm ... no . 
  it 's the other way around , seriously . 
  the majority of the people are very homophobic , it 's been that way long before putin . 
  and they 're not scared of anything , they just hate gay people . 
  nations like russia invented it . 
  a calorie is a calorie , there would be no difference . 
  now which way makes it easier to reach that 300 deficit is another question . 
  good point, 
  looking at the [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uwkoveo.jpg ) i do n't get why did n't he just drive off . 
  it would have taken a minute or two and a dozen of reverses , but it 's definitely possible . 
  we 're gon na need a video, 
  [ makes sense , considering the battle that took place there ] ( / m ), 
  `` tell me something beutiful '', 
  this is awesome . 
  edit : looks like jiffy does n't like me :(, 
  how much battery life does an average mid-end device have ?
