  seriously . 
  and yes , it worked ; you could actually use the chinaphone as a portable tv . 
  what ? 
  do you honestly think us/eu businessmen would n't make shitty copies of good brands if they could get away with it ? 
  the only western thing china lacks here is a proper copyright/patent law . 
  i know it from the bills i 'm recieving, 
  15 % difference if my math 's not failing me, 
  common misconception about bullet removal there . 
  in the vast majority of cases the bullet should be left where it is , you 're much more likely to die from the removal attempt . 
  they 're not made of kryptonite . 
  is that her height standing up or lying down ? 
  many countries claim to plan getting rid of fossil fuels by this year or that year , but i have n't yet seen any of them make an actual plan . 
  how exactly are they going to do that ? 
  you ca n't power the whole grid with wind and solar , they 're too unstable . 
  that 's a very ... teenage-ish way of looking at things . 
  we would pay more to have energetic independance ( i.e. 
  having the ability to get gas elsewhere if russia pulls a russia one day ) , and might actually end up doing that a year or two from now . 
  but once the security is , well , secured , why would we pass up on a cheaper offer ? 
  making decisions based on hate or other feelings is generally a very bad idea . 
  the company called gazprom is more like russia 's ministry of gas exports than a real company . 
  and one look at the russian media should give you an idea how reliable the official statements of russia are , especially those talking about how russia does n't lack any money . 
  provided her fingers are n't too thick to operate a rope, 
  i think most people in this thread are making the same mistake the whale did : you 're misunderstanding the doctor 's statement . 
  i find them very beautiful too . 
  i also find the way cancer or infections grow and persist in your body until they destroy it to be just plain magnificent . 
  they 're not aesthetic , and they sure as fuck are n't sexy . 
  but they are beautiful . 
  you should 've seen the article about a.i. 
  i * love * the way spotify handles this . 
  oh , you want it for free ? 
  sure , no problem , but there will be ads . 
  / r/casualconversation, 
  why the fuck do people do this ? 
  you have no idea whatsoever about how fast technology will improve , nobody does . 
  maybe we will develop a battery that enables this in 2016 , or maybe we never will . 
  stop pulling dates out of your ass and presenting them as facts . 
   was n't most of seal team 6 killed ? 
  no , they were not . 
  some seals got killed in a helicopter crash , but it was a small amount , and they were not the same people involved in the bin laden raid ( seal team 6 is big ), 
  i 'm sure op will deliver, 
   also , do n't be rude . 
  alright , good point, 
   we kind of do know how fast technology develops , at least in the immediate future . 
  we do n't have any way at all to tell how fast ( or even if ) we will develop something without having a good idea how to do it first . 
  yes , we can ( usually correctly ) estimate how fast we 'll develop something that already has a proof of concept and is being developed . 
  yes , we can sorta-guess how fast we 'll develop a technology if we have a general understanding about how it 's supposed to work . 
  but saying `` i 'm sure we 'll solve [ problem that baffles literally everyone ] in [ number ] years '' is in the realm of crystal energy and fortune tellers . 
  you 're talking about improving existing technologies , i 'm talking about creating new ones . 
  big difference . 
  shit , we 've been made . 
  is ... is he confusing pollution with pollen ? 
  you could deliver an automatic defibrilator, 
  we do not forgive, 
  we do not forget, 
  expect us, 
  found the american . 
  do n't talk to your doctor about drugs ; talk to them about the problems you have . 
  if you do need drugs , the doctor will tell you that , not the other way around . 
  that 's what i hate about touchscreens : it 's really damn hard to hit `` send '' with your eyes closed :(, 
  there 's nothing better than standing by the window with a cup of hot tea in your hands , watching some crazy weather outside . 
  we do n't have any snow yet though , which somehow makes me happy and sad at the same time, 
  i used to , but i do n't have the hardware anymore . 
  gta vice city is about the best my laptop can pull off :(, 
  nah , the gpu died :d had an 8800gtx in the desk pc , which , despite being super old , managed to run games like skyrim or crysis 2 on ~ mid graphics in full hd . 
  good times . 
  after that i pulled out the gpu i had before upgrading ( i * think * it was a 7600gs ) , but that 's not really an improvement over the intel gma piece of crap in my laptop , so i just abandoned that computer . 
   none of this is okay !, 
  yup , that about sums it up, 
  i do n't like drawing anything specific ( mostly because i suck at it ) , so my doodles tend to be just random lines : http://imgur.com/a/6zkvd, 
  it 's very amusing when people look at them and start `` seeing '' things i did n't actually draw, 
  fun fact : the third one is one continuous line, 
  yeah , but people tend to wash their hands before doing that, 
  because duh, 
   i know we would all prefer virgins, 
  speak for yourself , mate . 
  the thing about people who 've never had sex is that they 're really bad at sex . 
  people who seed rare/unpopular files, 
  that 's actually a really tough question , because if you ask 10 randomly selected feminists what it is , you 'll get 4 or 5 different answers . 
  a feminist in iraq and a feminist in tumblr would probably have zero things in common . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  which one of them is unable to get pregnant ? 
  the iraqi one , because she 'd be stoned to death ; or the tumblr one , because there 's no chance in hell she could get laid ? 
  to be honest , getting lost is usually the most fun part of a road trip . 
  adventure time !, 
  ok , turns out i ca n't read and totally misunderstood what you said earlier . 
  as for the tumblr girls ... well , i 'm sure there 's lots of nice ones , but if we 're talking specifically about the tumblr feminists , most of them are entitled brats and/or obese ( which may be a turn-on fir some people , but definitely not for me ), 
  thanks , 
  and if there are files you do n't need in between the ones you do ? 
  stannis has an army of southerners , jon has wildlings . 
  guys , this is a joke , not a dick . 
  do n't take it so hard . 
  questions like this genuinely scare me . 
  they make religious people look like psychopaths . 
  you mean you would n't be able to tell that lying is wrong unless a priest or scripture told you so ? 
  also , empathy . 
  polls seem to disagree with you . 
  yes we are , and yes we do . 
  that sense mostly comes from the ability to feel empathy , which does not rely on religion . 
  that 's not what you asked though, 
  no idea .
