  no , not really . 
  you have a bigger chance of getting a virus form a church website than from porn . 
  that 's because the people who run porn websites know what they 're doing and how to protect themselves against hackers , while the people who run church websites usually do n't . 
  our view of nuclear weapons is different today . 
  we are scared of them , because a lot of countries have a lot of nukes , and there 's the whole retaliation-and-end-of-the-world thing . 
  we 're actually kinda prejudiced against nukes . 
  back in wwii nobody else had them , and the us only had a few , so the whole `` you must not use nuclear weapons because you will end the world '' taboo did n't exist yet . 
  in essence , the bombs were just like all the other bombs , except with a bigger boom , and since all the other bombs were being dropped constantly and in large numbers , it would have been foolish not to use these particular bombs . 
  yes , but it would not destroy the world . 
  the decision may not have been light , but it was definitely lighter than it would be today , and that has to be considered . 
  means the end of the thread . 
  pretty sure it 's derived from html tags , e.g. 
  if you wan na make a text bolded you write < b  text < / b  , the / tells the computer that it 's the end of that tag , instead of being the begining of a second one . 
  they do n't live longer , when somebody gets e.g. 
  5 life sentences , the government wires their brain to automatically kill itself if the person speaks more than a total of 5 sentences in his remaining lifetime . 
  it 's quite fascinating technology . 
  that 's also why people in the past were more likely to perform execution - giving somebody a life sentence requires some very advanced engineering, 
  massive sandwiches, 
  weeeell ... people live without kidneys , even though they are technically vital, 
   assuming that 's not all bullshit . 
  it 's pretty well known that it is, 
  i 'll allow it . 
  dialysis, 
  good enough for a few years , so i 'd pick that over losing my heart, 
  it would be an unprecedented weapon and a huge gamechanger . 
  it was invented under great secrecy . 
  that also applies ( to some extent ) to radar , tanks , submarines , jet fighters and many many other military inventions , which were used without much hesitation , other than the fear of showing off your cards without the neccecity to do so . 
  yes , they knew it was powerful , and there were some fears , but i highly doubt anyone at that point could think this would lead to the world being a button 's push away from total destruction . 
  as for setting the atmosphere on fire ... maybe i 'm naive , but i do n't think the test would 've been carried out if there was a good chance of that happening . 
  perhaps it was just a speculation of one very convincing scientist ? 
  thanks, 
  wait , is this a bot ? 
  human babies can swim ( it 's not recommended to throw them in a lake though ) . 
  we `` forget '' how to swim when we stop acting on instinct and start thinking about what we 're doing . 
  i 'd have to kill him . 
  he knows too much . 
  opium is very good at suppresing cough . 
  mostly used for either terminal stages of lung cancer or conditions where the cough is caused by faulty nervous system instead of crap in airways . 
  the problem is that when you start sneaking it 's really hard to resist the urge to either shoot her in the face , or cut her throat from behind , depending on what 's more convenient in that particular situation . 
  old habits die hard . 
  wheel blocking . 
  `` you 're parked in a place where there should be no cars parked at any time !, 
  we will now use a device that will prevent you from leaving said place . '', 
  well , i live in a bad ( not the worst , but it 's definitely not scandinavia ) part of europe , and all but 3 of the listed reasons apply , 2 of the ones that do n't are from the controversial section . 
  so i think it 's fair enough to think ( s ) he 's talking about all europe , maybe with a couple exceptions ( like russia , perhaps ? 
  i 'm fairly sure thst as long as you properly dry it before using , a flash drive would n't be damaged by a washing machine . 
  those things are sturdy as fuck . 
  yeah , it 's cleaner , provided you either only shower once a week or do n't know how to shower . 
  if i had a dollar everytime i heard an addict say `` i 'm not addicted , i could stop if i wanted to '' , i 'd be richer than a druglord . 
   and does it mean that once a nuclear power plant starts running , there is no shutdown whatsoever ? 
  pretty much . 
  you ca n't stop a nuclear reaction . 
  inserting control rods slows it down , enough that you can turn off the turbines and stop generating electricity ( this is reffered to as shutting down the power plant ) , but not enough to just leave the fuel lying there , you have to keep the water running to prevent overheating . 
  i do n't know how much time is needed for a full shutdown , probably a few decades . 
  that would require sean bean not dying . 
  i do n't think it 's possible . 
  seatbelts, 
  / r/shittyaskscience is that way -- , 
  except that you ca n't take somebody out of their brain , because they * are * their brain . 
  i 'd say eu is much more free than usa these days, 
  well , yes and no . 
  we 're not even close to knowing how exactly it works , but we 're pretty sure which part does what . 
  it 's been observed millions of times that physical damage to specific parts of the brain causes changes in behavior . 
  in other words , changes in the brain lead to changes in who you are . 
  that 's [ retty good evidence if you ask me . 
  the decisions you make define who you are as a person . 
  your behavior is a very big part your consciousness . 
  i 'd say that if something changes your behavior , it changes your `` soul '' , for a lack of a better word , and that would imply that your consciousness is indeed tied to the brain . 
  trick question , a ton of bricks actually weighs more . 
  ton is a unit of mass , not weight , and two different objects can have different weights even if their mass is the same . 
  weight is defined as a downward force , in this case that force is gravity minus buoyancy ( yes , buoyancy happens in air as well as in water ) . 
  a ton of feathers will have a larger volume , larger volume means more buoyancy , and more buoyancy means less weight . 
  silly me confused it with a tonne . 
  because a lot of programming jokes are actually logic jokes, 
  check out geocaching . 
  you can find some hidden treasures both figuratively and literaly . 
  you seriously lack imagination, 
  slavery would be legal again , most likely . 
  internet searches . 
  i have n't checked the price recently , but judging by the amount of reposts they must cost a lot . 
  potassium is k , not k. 
  because russia . 
  when you live in a country without free speech , you learn to stay out of things , even when lack of free speech would n't be a problem in that particular situation, 
  because it 's too hard to change now . 
  you 'd have to change all the laws , all traffic signs , etc. 
  imperial is also imbedded very deeply into the culture . 
  there are lots of people in the us who realise that metric is far superior , but using imperial is much less of a hassle than the switchover would be . 
  natrium is latin for sodium, 
  honestly , the sims 3 . 
  in every other game world you are totally screwed if you 're not the hero . 
  in the sims it 's pretty much normal life , except finding a job requires no effort , you can get promotions every other day , 16k is enough to buy a fully furnished house , etc. 
  it 's pretty much impossible to not become rich and sucessful , plus there 's all that magic stuff , you can actually get an eternal youth elixir . 
  most requirements include a specific gpu model that would work , as an example . 
  you should just compare the benchmark results of your card with the one specified . 
  `` if it were n't for usa you 'd all be speaking german ! '', 
  um , no , not even close . 
  just goes to show how powerful cold war propaganda was : 20 years later it 's still going . 
  i 'm honestly baffled by the amount of people who do n't know this, 
  trophy for what ? 
  fastest swimmer ?
