  http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/17dryj/why_are_some_foods_spicy_to_humans/ same principle applies , except this time with cold receptors, 
  i can, 
  i was fighting some draugr on a mountain , decided to fus ro dah them , hit the button and fell to my death . 
  turns out i had whirlwind sprint activated . 
  by `` as a kid '' he meant yesturday . 
  you should be more specific , europe is big, 
  just because you volunteer , it does n't mean you 'll fight . 
  it 's not like they can arm a 100 million people , the army would pick who it needs . 
  by the way , there 's a ton of desk jobs in the military , where the old people would probably be way more useful than 20-somethings who joined up because guns . 
  it ca n't , the dose is different . 
  they do n't say `` high dose '' , because `` maximum strength '' sounds much cooler , it 's just marketing . 
  air cools things down by taking away the heat . 
  since under normal circumstances heat can not move from a colder object to a hotter one , the wind only cools things down to the temperature of the air . 
  and if the object ( airplane in this case ) would be colder than the air , wind would actually make it warmer . 
  edit : there is one exception . 
  wind can make things colder than surounding air , if the object is wet , because when water evaporates it uses energy ( aka heat ) . 
  however , airplanes are generally not wet , so this is n't relevant . 
  think of it as manuals . 
  when you put in a dvd , it 's like you gave the console parts for an ikea chair with an english manual saying how to put it together . 
  but if you put an xbox dvd into a playstation ( or the other way around ) , then it 's like giving the same parts , but the manual is in some weird language the console ca n't understand , so it has no idea what to do . 
  this manual part is really big , so if you wanted to include manuals in both languages , it simply would n't fit on the dvd . 
  i guess there would also be some legal problems with a combo xbox/ps disk , but i 'm no expert on that . 
  yeah , sounds about right . 
  well , your brain also has just two sources of sound ( your ears ) . 
  they just figured out how your brain tells the difference and used that information  it 's mostly timing , one ear gets the sound a few miliseconds earlier , then the brain uses that difference to triangulate . 
  did you try ? 
  i 'd try , but it 's winter , so no flies . 
  and i definitely will have forgotten about this by the time summer comes . 
  just make sure you do n't eat undercooked poultry . 
  the bacteria that are naturally occuring in birds ( kinda like e. coli is natural and good in our guts ) are really bad for us , and more than 50 % of poultry is naturally contaminated . 
  the human genome is a mess . 
  pretty much everyone has a ton of faulty genes , but if you are a heterozygote ( aa ) it does n't really matter , since only one gene is faulty , and the other one can still work . 
  most birth defects happen when the parents have faults in the same gene , which causes the child to have 2 faulty ones ( one from each parent ) . 
  if you have a child with someone you 're not related to , the chances of you having faults in the same gene are very small , but if the other parent is related to you , you likely have faults in the same parts of the genome , meaning your kid has a higher chance of having both parts faulty , which leads to birth defects . 
  so no , it does n't always happen , but the chance is increased . 
  if it was any good , they would n't show it, 
  live radio show . 
  hi , i just wanted to say that i 'm dying, 
  no scoring does n't mean no action . 
  if you need to see some numbers on a scoreboard changing in order to be entertained , you might as well watch a clock, 
  the score is n't everything . 
  you can often clearly see which team is doing better , even though the score at the moment is 0-0 . 
  no cake for you , that was too easy, 
  one end is attached to one bone , the other end to another bone . 
  when the muscle contracts it gets shorter , bending the joint connecting thoses bones . 
  i 've no idea how to ely5 the mechanism of contraction , but it looks kinda like this :, 
  those lines are special proteins that overlap when the muscle is contracted, 
  edit : reddit auto-formats my lines into some weird shit , woking on it, 
  edit2 : http://i45.tinypic.com/2djoqv.png, 
  knowledge would n't help here , it just is n't possible , because a dose that would sedate a grown man would definitely kill a 5-year-old , and a dose that would n't kill a 5-year-old would have no effect on the man . 
  drm - digital right management . 
  it 's the collective term for all anti-piracy measures . 
  when a game does n't have any drm , the pirates do n't need a crack , just install and play . 
  when a game has very strong drm it usually ends up hurting legitimate buyers ( e.g. 
  the time ubisoft required you to be online to play a single player game , their servers could n't handle the load , and people could n't play ), 
  dlc - downloadable content , various updates to the game , kinda like expansion packs back in the day , except dlc 's are usually smaller . 
  some are free , others you have to buy . 
  they can be frustrating , because devs often like to charge you for dlc 's that are really small ( not sure about this , but i think horse armour for tes iv oblivion would be an example here ), 
  mostly adverts . 
  they let some company post their ads on the site , the company pays them either for clicks on the ad , or for how many people saw the ad ( site visits ), 
  hiking trough rural areas . 
  i do that , the dream part is that it should last like a month , instead of 2 days, 
  michael jackson, 
  what did they use batteries for 2000 years ago, 
  my language has weird variantions of standart latin letters ( \u0104\u010c\u0118\u0116\u012e\u0160\u0172\u016a\u017d ) . 
  my pet-peeve is people who write the latin letters instead of those ( usually happens when texting ), 
  learn the difference between your and you 're , it hurts to read this ... 
  it 's good , but way too long, 
  the thing about temperature is that it builds up . 
  our bodies are constantly producing heat under any circumstances , and constantly being cooled down . 
  the balance between heating up and cooling down puts the temperature at 36.6 c ( 98,6 f ) . 
  when the cooling slows down ( e.g. 
  in warm air ) , the balance disappears and the body starts heating up , because metabolism creates heat faster than you can dissipate it . 
  not sure , but i could n't find one . 
  you can try asking here i guess, 
  pheromone check, 
  i 'd say the odds are pretty good , the world is in a geopolitical shitstorm right now . 
  then again , there have been bigger shitstorms since ww2 and nothing happened except some local wars ( not that they were small wars , but still , no ww ), 
  edit : i accidently a word, 
  2 years since high school , i only hang out with one classmate , since we 're both scouts . 
  about the others ... we were very friendly when stuck in the same classroom , but i guess in the end the only thing we had in common was the zipcode, 
  probably low settings, 
  ok then , you 're not mature enough . 
  nobody sat in heathrow waiting for a plane . 
  ever . 
  did n't downvote, 
  ca n't decide between spec ops : the line and the witcher games, 
  sounds like you know the answer, 
  i think it 's very much like automatic/manual transmission cars . 
  macs are easier to use , windows gives you more control . 
  it all depends on what your computer is to you . 
  if it 's just another tool , you 'll likely prefer a mac , if it 's your hobby as well - windows all the way ( or linux , if you 're hardcore about your hobby ), 
  gameplay is a bit worse , main story quality about the same ( read : meh ) , but most side quests and questlines were better in oblivion . 
  this sums it up nicely : http://i.imgur.com/i96ae.jpg, 
  some spoilers in there but i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  except maybe 4th example . 
  my biggest problem with it is the stupid ai , one-dimensional characters and stupid dialogue, 
  actually , most of them . 
  yes , my cat cums when i call his name . 
  i try my best to avoid saying that word .
