  key word was . 
  now there are better ones ( well ... one . 
  but some would say 2 ) . 
  also , we do n't really know the hardware of this pc , but if it 's not from the stoneage , xp probably does n't know what to do with it . 
  actually it means i want ticket, 
   you guys are fucking assholes . 
  ftfy, 
  good point, 
  wait , what ? 
  in which language ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  that 's because it would actually be the lamest main story ever . 
  and that 's because we already know exactly how that story would end . 
  i 'm not talking about `` the good guys will win '' kind of knowledge , which we always have . 
  skyrim contains quite a lot of details about the war and the end of it . 
  this is the problem with most of the ideas about making the next game about the past , those storylines are already kinda spoiled . 
  so basically , your aswer is `` we ca n't do it because we ca n't do it . '', 
  thanks , you really explained this . 
  i agree , but it could use a remake . 
  the story and setting were really good , but from the technical side that game is a huge clusterfuck . 
  what about case fans ? 
  i 'd suggest throwing in a couple of 80mm 's just to be sure . 
  or are they included as well ? 
  ok then . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  nnnnnnot really ... well , kinda . 
  the filter only leaves really big stuff in the blood , like cells and proteins . 
  most of the things that are supposed to stay in your blood ( potasium , glucose , water ) pass through the filter into `` primary urine '' and are then reabsorbed back into blood stream in the tubules . 
  if there 's too much of a substance ( e.g. 
  glucose when you have diabetes ) , some will be reabsorbed , excess amount stays in the urine . 
  this is done by selective channels ( each substance has its own path out of the tubule ), 
  ninja edit : i guess the question is more about how does the kidney know what 's the correct amount and what 's an excess . 
  remember those channels i talked about ? 
  substanced ca n't just pass through the wall , they need a path . 
  and there 's a limited number of paths . 
  so if you have a lot glucose in your blood , some will return , but some of the glucose will not get back into the blood , because all the pathways are ocupied . 
  that 's also how the mentioned adh works : it activates the synthesis of extra pathways for water to come back into the blood . 
  yes . 
  [ this ] ( http://theoatmeal.com/comics/mantis_shrimp ), 
  it looks like a lot , but it really is n't, 
  one more write-up and they take away your shoes before covering the floor with legos, 
  are you sure the students are n't just retarded ? 
  i went to a 3-story school with 500 kids and 2 narrow staircases . 
  at the start of each break there would be literal traffic jams . 
  like , every time . 
  still , nobody ever got injured and the line never stopped , because we were n't idiots and walked on the right , single-file . 
  and on 9gag the week after that, 
  i do n't know what this was about , but considering the context of this thread ... wtf ? 
  it 's not about deeper breaths . 
  people who live in higher altitudes have more hemoglobin ( the substance that carries oxygen and co2 ) ir their blood , allowing their lungs to take in more oxygen from the same amount of air . 
  you do n't have to be born and raised there , your body can adapt to it . 
  many athletes used to cheat by living in the mountains for some time before a big tournament , but i 'm pretty sure they check for that these days . 
   ** your ** a very smart person, 
   you are n't stupid, 
  yes he is . 
  i do n't do n't see how anything other than exercise could possibly be considered a valid technique to improve sport results . 
  it 's supposed to be about hard work , not about who is best at exploiting their body 's adaptation mechanisms . 
  what 's the big difference between artificially increasing your hemoglobin and taking steroids ? 
  i did n't say it was the only one . 
  it is one of them though . 
  and , at least in my experience , it is quite accurate . 
  it does n't look weird because of motion blur . 
  try pausing a show when something 's moving , you 'll never get a clear picture . 
  except solar panels, 
  i 've heard daenerys use it in an earlier episode , when she freed the slave interpretor . 
  iirc , they translated it as `` all men must die '' . 
  perhaps the `` red god '' the faceless man mentioned to arya is the same lord of light ? 
  that would explain why melisandre used the phrase . 
  edit : http://youtu.be/is1bq_lwsg0?t=4m20s turns out it was the ex-slave that said it , not daenerys . 
  though she knew the saying as well . 
  thanks for spoiling it . 
  you really should n't have quoted the comment you deleted ... 
  there 's one thing people seem to overlook . 
  since the thing with ros and the crossbow , i guess littlefinger and the king are now buddies . 
  i wonder what could come of it . 
  the boy seems easy to manipulate ( at least his bride-to-be does n't have any problems doing it ) , so this could give littlefinger lots of power . 
  though that was kinda misleading :d, 
  it 's not 1927 , we have cool technology these days . 
  they could make it so you crank one cylinder , which then gets the other 7 going . 
  and that 's a bad thing . 
  the less damage the car takes , the more damage you take . 
  i 've heard a rumor that they were going to start making 2 seasons out of 1 book . 
  can anyone confirm/deny ? 
  tank driver here . 
  does n't make any sense at all . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not, 
  hard drive ... 
  inside a cpu ? 
  really ? 
  a word can have more than one meaning , you 're right on that . 
  problem is , cpu is not a word . 
  it stands for `` central processing unit '' and calling the case a cpu is just dumb , because it does n't process anything . 
  i know a lot of people call the case a cpu , but that does n't make it right . 
  and i 've never seen anyone who knows a thing about computers call it that , so it 's like changing terminology in quantum physics because someone who works at mcdonald 's does n't know the difference between two terms . 
  no , you did not . 
  you provided a wiki link that you did n't understand . 
  the `` box '' is not a `` desktop computer main unit '' , it 's the fucking desktop computer . 
  a desktop computer main unit is something inside the computer . 
  wow , somebody admitting they 're wrong on the internet . 
  you 're one in thousands .
