  that is not the inside or an artery . 
  the heart is big because , unlike every other muscle in a hambeast , it actually works much harder than a normal person 's . 
  this is a problem for two reasons :, 
  1 ) it gets overworked . 
  the point of cardio excersize is to lower your resting heart rate , so it works hard for an hour or two and then gets a load it can barely notice for the rest of the day . 
  constant hard work for the heart = dead ham . 
  2 ) the muscle in the heart gets bigger , but the valves stay more or less the same size . 
  which means that you have valves that are too small for the hole they 're supposed to cover --  some blood flows in the wrong direction --  point 1 ) gets increased --  dead ham, 
  cholesterol causes death by heart disease too , but that 's a completely unrelated machanism : arteries that feed the heart muscle get clogged --  heart muscle enters starvation mode and dies ( kinda like the beast ) . 
  my experience with real life leads me to believe the same . 
  shoutout to / r/geocaching, 
  stopping in that situation is n't easy . 
  that toy car probably does n't have brakes ( or has very shitty ones ) , so slamming on the car 's brake would be even more wcgw-worthy . 
  `` omg ~ ~ thin ~ ~ anorexic girls are such sluts '', 
  `` wan na go out with me ? 
  i 'll suck your dick . '', 
   i do n't spam, 
  are you sure ? 
  this theory is know as `` the way they explained it on lost . '', 
  makes a lot of sense actually, 
  ho-ho-hold the fuck up . 
  there 's no barristan ? 
  i once heard a guy say `` i fucked your mom '' to his twin brother . 
  seriously ? 
  and you ca n't just withdraw the 1.5 billion , because that could bankrupt the bank, 
  we all believe in his rights, 
  dick comes in , dick comes out . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  not really . 
  i mean , that would be true in zero-gravity , but when two supermassive bodies are nearby , the lardy one 's shape gets distorted . 
  having quite a bit of experience with powertripping mods , i guess that most of them did watch the leaked episodes , the justification being `` we must be able to recognise when people are talking about the leaked stuff so we can ban them '', 
  you 're forgetting one detail : this scenario already happened and pretty much nobody got spoiled . 
  personally i picked up the books after season 3 finished , and while seasons 2 and 3 were airing , i participated very activelly in discussions and speculations about what will happen , even here on reddit . 
  the story came out a decade before that , but guess what ? 
  nobody spoiled me , or anyone else i was analysing the show with . 
  what makes you think this would be any different ? 
  edit : also , some chapters of twow have already come out . 
  i have n't read them , and i do n't know jack about what happens in them , even though i read this sub frequently . 
  seriously , it 's not that hard . 
   the answer is never because something is gay . 
  then what would be the answer to `` why does jack have sex with men ? '', 
  grats !, 
  off to spiders now ? 
  i find it funny how people say that targs do n't have any rights to the throne because of the right-by-conquest , but then say stannis is the rightful king . 
  right of conquest does n't only apply when you want it to ; joffrey won the war of the five kings and thus became the rightful king , his parentage is irrelevant . 
  `` so there i was , doing my job at the brothel 's reception , when suddenly loras tyrell walks in through the door and asks for a dude to fuck '', 
  calling it :, 
  last seconds of ep10 , juuuuust before the end credits : a close-up of jon 's face , his eyes open , they 're blue . 
  loras ' actor has read the books ? 
  goddamn that must suck for him . 
  you read about this awesome warrior-dude , you get the role , and then ... 
  that sounds almost like something a bro from the hood would actually say, 
   as a man , i have to say it 's a very attractive model . 
  hahaha , no shit . 
  as a guy with blue eyes , i have to say that a system where blue-eyed people are considered to be superior to everyone else would be a very attractive model too . 
  also , absolute monarchy would be awesome , if i was in the royal family . 
  i 'm glad they did n't . 
  by adwd the books have too many `` haha i tricked you , they 're not really dead '' moments , it 's a good thing to get rid of some, 
  that about sums up pope francis . 
  he 's nothing if not a pr guy . 
  `` guys , greed is bad . '', 
  `` non-catholics can be good people . '', 
  `` hey francis , how about those pedos you 're harboring ? '', 
  `` war is bad . '', 
  lobbying, 
   what mythiees said is racism . 
  he classified a group of people on religion . 
  then grrm comes out and says `` uhhh ... well , to be honest , there are no more books planned , this was all just an ad campaign that got a bit out of hand . '', 
  the way i think of a house is pertaining to a four-legged animal with a huge nose . 
  whatever you want to call it , [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/african_bush_elephant.jpg ) has four legs and a huge nose , therefore it is a house . 
  see the problem with this ? 
  words have clear definitions for a reason . 
  this is the all-time top post in this subreddit, 
  it is generally a good idea to view a few of pages of / top / whenever you find a new sub . 
  not just to avoid reposting , that 's how you find good content . 
  i do n't get it :|, 
  in this case the car is nowhere close to being reliable . 
  it 's not broken , but it probably will be real soon . 
  that 's how it looks at first , but actually it 's a 30 lb face on a 270 lb woman . 
  the 4th panel kinda ruined it imho . 
  it 's an awesome joke if you only read the first 3 . 
  i just had a flashback of the button subreddit, 
  there 's also / r/softwaregore , not dedicated to bot screw-ups , but open to them . 
  it 's just a cliche . 
  people have been saying `` sansa 's beginning to play the game of thrones , shit will go down soon '' after pretty much every episode with her since approximately the middle of season 3, 
   when she was staying in braavos . 
  was she ? 
  there are no lemon trees in braavos, 
  i have never actually seen a fatso dispute any of the facts . 
  plugging your ears and going `` lalalala you 're wrong because genetics and discrimination '' is not disputing . 
  sure , it 's easily the second stupidest thing they could do , but it 's far * far * better than the first stupidest thing , i.e. 
  staying fat . 
  in american films and tv shows you can constantly hear stuff like `` he 's only 2 blocks away '' , or `` the bomb could level half a block - gasp - '' . 
  what exactly are they talking about ? 
  `` so after the storm i went to the forest , because i was interested in the damage . 
  i saw a frog that was trapped under a fallen tree . 
  being a good man and a lover of nature i lifted the tree and set the frog free . 
  suddenly it spoke to me . 
  `` thank you for freeing me , friend . 
  since you helped me , you can have three wishes , i will do anything ! '' .
