  well , maybe we could get come cool technology from them , that would make a difference . 
  aliens themselves ? 
  by the time they got here , or we got to them , you 'd be dead of old age . 
  that fucking monster in skifree ... 
  a couple of months ago i read somewhere that you could actually hold down a button ( shift iirc , not sure though ) to go faster and outrun him . 
  i refuse to believe it . 
  and i refuse to check it , just in case . 
  what i always think : how to take over the world . 
  the horns make your horse look like a cow tbh . 
  the point of competition is usually to eliminate the competition, 
  whoa , dude . 
  1 ) steal some [ content ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nononono/comments/1h3dh7/broken_water_main_vs_suburban_house/ ) from a little known sub, 
  2 ) add a caption that you stole from the [ comments ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nononono/comments/1h3dh7/broken_water_main_vs_suburban_house/caqlgu0 ), 
  there is a sub that might defeat / r/feet , but i 'm not going in there to check ... 
   i think u should be 21, 
  gee , great idea . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  but when you think about it ... 
  the only objective reason why incest is illegal pretty much everywhere is high possibility of genetic defects in the children . 
  not really a problem for homosexuals , is it ? 
  so ... why the hell not ? 
  incest is n't banned for cultural reasons . 
  well , i guess now it is , but not originally . 
  it screws up genetics pretty badly . 
  fedex ? 
  though i 've no idea how safe that is , lots of air mail gets abused a lot while loading . 
  if not , you could just sell it and buy another one when you get there . 
   about selling ... well , i thought about that , but i 'd lose quite a bit of money on that , would n't i ? 
  if you bought new , yes . 
  if you bought a used one that has more or less the same age and specs as your current system , you should n't lose much , maybe you 'd even gain some cash . 
  / r/sex would 've worked, 
  / r/sex is shorter and simplier . 
  i thought you did n't know you could write it like that . 
  just trying to help ; fuck me , right ? 
  whaaaaaap whaaaaaap , motherfucker . 
  so if there were no limts , everyone would be out torturing terminal patients ? 
  damn . 
  by turning off your headlights you see a little better , but you become completely invisible to other cars . 
  if you find it hard to concentrate , slow the fuck down . 
   ~ ~ immoral ~ ~ retarded, 
  yes , really . 
  generally yes , but not all cars have them, 
  hi there --  jk vjgtg, 
  encryption code : +2 alphabetically, 
  one of many examples . 
  basically , you change the text in according to an algorithm ( in this case , substitute every letter for one that 's two letters ahead in the alphabet ) . 
  if somebody intercepts the message , they ca n't read it without knowing the algorithm . 
  get up and do stuff, 
  no you 're not ... you can overtake 10 at once if you want , as long as you can clearly see there 's no traffic coming the other way . 
  the law could be different in some countries though . 
  get a phd and do academic work . 
  that 's probably the closest thing to learning that can earn you money . 
  sure , you could just go to school until you retire , but you 'd need a source of income , and a damn good one , because studying is expensive . 
  i think i already answered something similar once . 
  the human body is not made to regulate that temperature . 
  it 's not * made * at all tbh . 
  just because your temperature stays the same , it does n't mean there 's no exchange of heat . 
  exchange happens all the time . 
  you are * constantly * heating up due to all the chemical reactions going on isnide you , and constantly being cooled down , the balance between heating and coolig puts your temperature at 37c . 
  if ambient air gets hotter , it gets harder for your body to cool itself , and your temperature starts going above 37, 
  lots of them do . . 
  it kinda is . 
  are you asking if we should stop trying to save suicidal people ? 
  well , no . 
  in a fair share of suicides ( i do n't have the numbers , sorry ) , it 's a result of a psychological/mental disorder . 
  letting those people kill themselves makes about as much sense as not treating cancer , because hey , their bodies chose to grow tumors and we must respect that decision . 
  if a person has a good reason to kill himself though , which is pretty much limited to having very painful terminal ilnesses , then i 'm all for it . 
  that 's the colour of fresh asphalt . 
  the other parts get lighter because wheels . 
  [ obligatory relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/1102/ ), 
  except for the whole physical addiction thing . 
  people who drink a lot of coffee go through some serious withdrawal if they try to quit . 
  what does that have to do with her nervous system ? 
  to be more specific , skin and other organs regenerate by creating new cells in place of dead ones . 
  nerve cells do n't do that , if a cell dies it wo n't be replaced , but kinda-damaged-though-not-dead neurons can , and often do , regenerate . 
  people found miraak difficult to fight ? 
  seriously ? 
  it was an annoying game of tag , not a fight . 
  i get more of a challenge fighting draugr ... 
  not neccessarily , it 's not a car . 
  after some fatal motorcylce accidents they look good as new after a paint job . 
  yup , depends on the crash, 
  high two !, 
  cruise control, 
  there are drugs that can kill you when mixed with alcohol ( sedatives mostly ) . 
  most people ca n't be expected to tell which drugs are ok and which are not , and for a good bunch of drugs it 's not really known at all , so doctors tend to tell people not to drink alcohol with * any * drugs , because it 's a much simplier rule . 
  better be safe than sorry . 
  if you 're sick enough to take antibiotics you have no business drinking anyway . 
  ramsay snow and gandalf . 
  would n't want to be an orc in that universe ... 
  edit : alternatively , joffrey and aragorn, 
  you 're not helping, 
  i guess i 'm not helping either, 
  yes it could , but that would be a lot of work and it would n't make any sense, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  who said anything about shaving ? 
  in this moment , i am euphoric . 
  not because of some phony god 's blessing . 
  but because of perfectly matching boobs . 
  warning : i heard this somewhere , i have no source , this may be bullshit .
