   all over reddit, 
  those are two very different things, 
  admins could find out the ip adress of the person who posted it , and then their isp could tell who has that ip adress . 
  none of that is happening without a court order though , and , as others have said , you probably wo n't get anywhere through the legal system . 
  seriously dude , someone posted nude pictures of top-class celebrities and got away with it , nobody will bother for barely-seen picture of your boring face, 
   i want to find out who the person is, 
  i have a feeling that whatever the fuck you 're planning to do here is much more serious and illegal than what they did . 
  i wonder how that would go, 
  `` yes , i 'd like to press chargers on this dude , because a hacker told me it was him who posted the pictures . 
  yes , i 'm sure the hacker will testify . '', 
  you 're late, 
  yes , you could make a living with that . 
  problem is , having these skills is just half of what you need , another very important thing is being able to find people who will pay you . 
  unless they 're your source of income . 
  since it appears that he 's just out of highschool , i find that very likely, 
  sounds like a plan . 
  just do n't make any stupid mistakes . 
  i know a guy who tried and completely failed . 
  thing is , he was trying to sell his services as a web designer while using a joomla template to promote himself . 
  you might wan na think about going the writer way instead of designer , since that 's a * much * rarer talent . 
  / r/whatcouldgowrong, 
  / r/jokes, 
  / r/facepalm, 
  if reddit was a movie , i 'd root for the antagonist grammar-nazi man . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ out, 
   awesome !, 
  instead of putting me in a game it let me spectate others playing !, 
  this is so cool , i 'm gon na quickly turn off auto-join and watch it to the end, 
  -- no one , ever . 
  streaming could be done , but who would watch it ? 
  there is no shortage of boost lanes that require mad skills to pull off , even in maps with shitload of 45deg walls . 
  the fact that some of them do n't is not a bad thing , not by a long shot . 
  edit : jeez guys , reading your comments i ca n't help but think of this quote :, 
  `` in the beginning the universe was created . 
  this has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move . '', 
   mark my words, 
  alright, 
  one year, 
  putin, 
  i think the main reason is that drinking coffee or taking selfies every day does n't stop you from being a useful part of the society, 
  and not in russia 's backyard, 
  let 's play tagpro while we wait, 
  and just like that , the internet turned another fictional story into a porno . 
  if junk food is so bad for our health , why do we eat it all the time ? 
  because we 're idiots, 
  pro tip : do n't lose the smell , that 's just a bad deal . 
  you 'd be giving up 2 senses for the price of one ( taste can barely function without smell ), 
  when it comes to weapons , thinking that `` we 're not aware of x existing '' equals `` x does n't exist '' is just naive . 
  propaganda that lies = shitty propaganda . 
  it 's much more successful when it says the truth , but phrases it in a way that makes people more sympathetic with your side of the story . 
  another good strategy is focusing on true facts that do n't really matter and ignoring the ones that do . 
  a perfect example is # 8 in the article . 
  there are no lies in the text , but what 's written between the lines is total bullshit . 
  remove-kebabophilia also works, 
  hundreds to choose from, 
   range of 12nm, 
  that 's a bit short, 
  could n't agree more , this is turning into r/pics , but somehow more shitty . 
  regarding the amount of mods ... one might be enough , but not when it 's someone with 38 subs and zero activity in a month, 
  retire from politics and go live on an island, 
  the dude is richer than bill gates . 
  no i ca n't , because it 's not finished yet :(, 
  wander around , eat brains . 
  i can tell , it 's not that hard, 
  maybe try squinting or something, 
  maybe . 
  go to a doctor . 
  a body part getting larger could be sign of edema and/or inflamation , which could be a sign of pretty much anything ( other than health ), 
  i ca n't think of a connection between the two , but that does n't mean there is n't one . 
  seriously though , just go to a doctor, 
  step 1 : find a ceiling fan, 
  that makes you the guy who stops the hackers, 
  actually , no , i do n't think you missed any posts that break the rules . 
  however , i do think that rule 2 needs to fly out the window as soon as possible , which would make lots of posts here break them . 
  the reason why i think so is that without rule 2 this subreddit would be more or less unique , specialising in a particular kind of humor . 
  as long as the rule exists however , this is just another sub of funny pics among hundreds of similar ones ( in other words , it 's useless ), 
  there must be a bug or something , it says i do n't have any friends, 
  this thread has been keeping me not-bored for months now, 
  also , check out kongregate, 
  there 's a u in `` dyslexic '', 
  3rd year med student here ( so take what i say with a big grain of salt ), 
  that does n't look too bad . 
  some people get bruises after getting i/v catheters , and the chance of that happening increases if you do n't apply pressure while/immediatly after removing it . 
  antibiotics . 
  now smallpox . . 
  i can sorta understand how it got through , shit happens everywhere humans are involved . 
  what i literally can not grasp is why the hell are they waiting for the monthly rotation changes to fix it . 
  this is something that should 've been dealt with the same day it was discovered . 
  i 'd say baby , but i have no idea if that 's the actual name of the song, 
  nope, 
  at least not since 9th grade, 
  also ,, 
  also , / r/keming, 
  that would not fix a single thing, 
  final, 
  that might not be a good thing . 
  yeah , we get rid of crusades , but what do we get in exchange ? 
  it 's pretty much a given that another religion or ideology would take christianity 's place , and there 's a good chance it would be more violent . 
  kinda like when you fap, 
  [ pls ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1gzpx9/how_to_introduce_your_sister/capl1va?context=9 ),
