  does n't really surprise me . 
  it 's russia . 
  those guys will do anything for a better reputation . 
  even if they 're the only ones who think it 's gon na help . 
  it does kill by rapid action , it 's just that the lethal dose is way bigger than what 's in one cigarette . 
  it 's a tricky subject , often dosage is the only difference between medicine and poison . 
  you should change it to `` outside arrest '' . 
  house arrest does n't sound like a punishment anymore . 
  interestingly enough , i was . 
  went for a walk to pass time . 
  god, 
  ok , now i 'm confused . 
  he dies ?!, 
  dude , i was reading that book . . 
  there 's no such thing where i 'm from , cities are n't built in grid pattern, 
  lithuanian . 
  close enough . 
  but are they really covering it up ? 
  it says they both deny it . 
  my brother commits a crime , the police come to me and ask if i did it , i say no . 
  does that mean i 'm covering up the crime ? 
  yeah , ask the military to sell you one and tell us how it went . 
  that 's cool , looking from my nerdy technology-loving perspective , but is n't it totally useless for the consumer right now ? 
  where would you get a 4k video source ? 
  fus ... 
  wow , really ? 
  you 've said the word `` internal '' yourself . 
  how can something internal be world news ? 
  i wonder how long would it take for the fps to return above 1 . 
   use disposable cell phones . 
  they will know your location the second you call , does n't matter what kind of a phone it is . 
  kinda like you just did ? 
  people believe in bullshit , all of them . 
  hell , i 'm sure there 's something i believe that is bullshit . 
  there 's jus too much information , it 's impossble to question all of it . 
  and since understanding the mechanism of how a microwave heats your food is nearly useless to the average person , it is waaaaay down on the list of things to question . 
  yes and no . 
  technically it does warm the food from the inside , but the inside is big , and the part of inside that is closest to the surface gets warmed up first . 
  so if you do n't wan na get technical , you might as well say that it warms things from the outside . 
  wake up , sheeple . 
  the usa is planning to stop using expensive and not-badass-enough icbms . 
  they built a mega trebuchet as a more sophisticated alternative , and this `` meteor '' was the first test . 
  predictions of future technology more than 5 years away usually ends up in totally different direction than reality . 
  10 years ago there were no smartphones , there 's a good chance 10 years from now there wo n't be any either . 
  getting a girlfriend . 
  the more i think about it , the more i realise it was her accomplishment that we 're dating , not mine . 
   maybe time for some man on man action ... 
  in case any of them noticed ( which is quite likely ) , that probably backfired . 
  there was some flash `` game '' - thing where you could click the rebirth button and it would roll virtual dice and pick a country for you . 
  google around , maybe you 'll find it . 
  i think it was called life lottery or something like that , not sure though . 
  i think it 's jon arryn . 
  if he had n't started asking questions , nobody would 've killed him , so lannisters would n't have visited winterfell , bran would be ok , ned would be ok , and robert would be ok as well . 
  if there was no war by season 2 , the realm would probably already be united like never before to fight the white walkers . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that by `` white '' he means clear . 
  it depends on how much water you drink . 
  dark urine is concentrated , clear urine is more diluted . 
  it ca n't cause arthritis , but we do n't really know if it does n't cause some other damage to the joints . 
  weeeell . . who says you ca n't ? 
  though i would only consider it if the laptop had an ssd drive instead of hdd . 
  well , i assumed it 's pretty much a by-product of beef . 
  yeah , we know that newsletters are free , we 're not retarded . 
  that does n't really change anything . 
  they sure as hell do n't do it for charity , the point of those emails is to get more money from you . 
  i disagree . 
  for a day , maybe two . 
  that was a while ago though . 
  i just realised i do n't even remember how vanilla skyrim inventory interface looks like . 
  everybody mods that shit . 
  well ... not at any level . 
  my character is level 72 , fully enchanced dragonscale armour + dragonbone weapons ( none of those super-potions , your garden variety 100 enchanting stuff ) . 
  i can take a horde of pretty much anything without breaking a sweat by running straight forward , slashing randomly without much thinking , on master difficulty . 
  now that i think of it , that 's probably why i do n't play much anymore , it 's been a while since i had a challenge . . 
  the worst thing is , when you 're an archer , you have to run around picking up your arrows afterwards :(, 
  what 's the point of the game again ? 
  i really do n't get why are you all defending it . 
  the article says that the olympics were pretty much the only international wrestling tournament . 
  it also says the sport will probably die if it 's booted from the games . 
  well , to me that sounds like a sport that 's long dead . 
  they 're not killing anything , they 're just pulling the plug . 
  oh and about wresting being one of the original games ? 
  big deal . 
  so was war carriage racing , things change . 
  that 's like saying we ca n't have auctions without slaves , because that 's what people sold in the very first auctions . 
  i 'm fairly sure the olympics are supposed to be about big , popular sports . 
  we 're not making underwater chess an olympic sport , why would we make exceptions for wrestling ? 
  now that 's a sport people would watch !, 
  while we 're at it , we can also make a modern version : tank racing . 
  imagine the ratings ... 
   on master difficulty . 
  the end of third line, 
  cool , thanks, 
  no problem . 
  well , maybe i exaggerated about not using any tactics , i do n't exactly turn my brain off . 
  still the point is , it 's easy . 
  the one thing does give me a challenge ( though in the end i always win anyway ) is taking on all the guards in riften . 
  edit : i just read my comment and realised i sound like a bragging faggot . 
  and what would be charge ? 
  for all we know , that could be an unloaded gun that does n't even have a barrel or a firing pin . 
  he 's definitely an asshole , but that 's not exactly a crime .
