  except we do n't know shit about her suffering and whether it was successfully alleviated, 
   we know from modern scientific studies that cannabis is effective in alleviating suffering . 
  well , yeah , but i would n't call `` according to statistics , it probably helped her '' a success story . 
   they do n't have those in lithuania . 
  umm ... 
  yes we do . 
  pretty much on every corner . 
  they 're just not called `` starbucks '', 
  just because starbucks does n't have a monopoly , that does n't mean there are no other coffee shops that sell the same exact thing . 
  if you know/suspect who and why is tracking you , do n't touch it , just leave it where it is . 
  you just gained a very good opportunity to show them whatever you wan na show them . 
  misinformation can be a hell of a weapon . 
  well , kinda . 
  yes , there 's a clear difference in how good they are at the things they do ; but if the question is `` what are the things it can do ? 
  '' , then the cheapest and the most expensive models are pretty much the same . 
  it 's not a simplification , it 's just wrong . 
  microwaves have absolutely nothing to do with resonant frequencies . 
  i think the reason why he seems pissed off ( at least it 's why i 'm pissed off right now ) is not your question , but the answers . 
  none of the top replies ( even the one with  200 karma ) make any sense at all , because they 're all based on the same misconception you have . 
  took me a minute, 
  1 ) if your car is moving , it is literally impossible to change the rpm without changing your speed . 
  2 ) rpm is * not * an indicator of gas usage , because it 's not telling you anything about the amount of gas burned per cycle . 
  for example , if you 're going up a hill , you will need to burn far more fuel to maintain the same rpm . 
  sorry , but most of what you said is just pure nonsense . 
  well yes , of course he is . 
  so am i. 
  there is no such thing as a universally good or a universally bad band . 
  if you like them , they 're good . 
  singular :, 
  i am, 
  you are, 
  he/she/it is, 
  plural : `` are '' for everything, 
  `` me '' is the english version of the accusative case for `` i '' ( `` for me '' is dative ), 
  keeping it after arranging a pick-up would be a dick move . 
  if they come to take it - you should give it away . 
  if not , keep it . 
  and yet nobody seems to give a single fuck about the government wiping their asses with the 4th amendment . 
  why the difference in reactions ? 
  i 'm now imagining you spending an afternoon stapling bark to a tree , only to realise you were supposed to cover the tree behind you . 
  that 's a pretty good strategy . 
  if you can run away faster than your opponents can say anything , you automatically win the argument . 
  what about mine ? 
  found the viking, 
  we ca n't be 100 % sure of what exactly caused evolution to go that way , but there are some hypothsies . 
  my favorite is that body hair is a serious fire hazard , so we started losing it when we started cooking our meat . 
  honestly , i 'd go with neither and buy her a laptop . 
  oh , you mean the tablet is her own idea ? 
  that makes it a bit more complicated . 
  perhaps the surface pro then , since it practically has the functionality of both a laptop and a tablet ? 
  i mean if she specifically asked for a tablet , and you got her a laptop instead , some people might find that offensive . 
  ( i ca n't tell if she would , because this happens to be a once-in-a-millenium ocasion when someone on the internet is not familiar with op 's mom ), 
  good point, 
  i * fucking love * this one , because all the smug bastards trying to trick people with this question are actually wrong . 
  considering normal conditions ( atmosphere , pressure , etc. ), 
  the bricks would actually be heavier , because due to their smaller volume they 'd be less affected by buoyancy . 
  ummm ... no ? 
  a tonne is a unit of mass . 
  their mass is the same . 
  their weights are different . 
  very rarely . 
  i only do it if i 'm about to enter an argument ( possibly a long and difficult one ) and i suspect the other party is a shill or a troll . 
   original, 
  step1 : acquire an extra chromosome, 
   your brain accounts for ~ 30 % of the calories you burn daily, 
  it does , but this number does not signicicantly change with mental activity . 
  does n't matter if you 're in the process of solving quantum physics or watching a reality show , it will still be around 30 % . 
  that 's ... not controversial . 
  basic chmistry says they do n't . 
  alcohol is alcohol . 
  most of these differencies come from the different enviroments we drink in , e.g. 
  if you 're in the kind of party where clothes could be falling off , there 's a good chance you 'll drink tequila instead of wine or something . 
  same with difference in hangovers . 
  the kinds of drinks people connect with bad hangovers are the same drinks people do n't tend to mix with juice . 
  something something , ceiling fan, 
  if you only ask a specific group of people , you can make literally any idea controversial . 
  a mostly-anonymous social network, 
  sounds like something golum would say, 
  unless you 're into that sort of thing . 
  love exists in many forms . 
  for example , some people are * really * into flairs, 
  ladies and gentelmen , i present to you a.i. 
  warning us about a.i. 
  just google the lyrics, 
  maybe not out of our asses ( although technically that 's pretty easy ) , but i really do n't think `` hydrogen + 100 more years of developments in nuclear physics and engineering = water '' is in the realm of fiction . 
  i hate when that happens . 
  you spend 10 minutes writing a complicated reply to someone you think is 100 % wrong , only to realise you have the same opinion as him  . <, 
  and now you 're being downvoted , because calling people on their bullshit hurts their feelings . 
  reddit sucks sometimes, 
  the awesome sucking power of his dyson enables him to experiene the awesome sucking power of his girlfriend, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ doing ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ right ? 
  so it 's ok to cheat in pubs ? 
  i 'm so done with this game, 
  that 's a bit hypocritical , considering the show . 
  actually , most tents do this ; although just touching is usually not enough , it generally happens when you push the wall enough for the two layers of your tent to touch . 
  source : scout for 6 years, 
  you 're totally right, 
  it 's actually quite amusing . 
  this is n't the first time i 've tried to explain this on reddit , but i get the exact same response every time : downvotes and the internet comment equivalents of blank stares :d it seems people are n't willing to consider the possibility that their 8th grade physics teacher might have simplified a couple of things . 
  by the way , if you 're still wondering , i 'm lithuanian,
