  people like choosing their leaders . 
  if someone tried to take control by force , the other 19 could easily take him down , no matter how strong he was, 
  and in general life , it 's really hard to harm someone physically these days , that 's what the police is for . 
  most intimidation comes from those , who can screw you over financially or legally , in other words , using their smarts instead of muscle . 
  i think you 're right , people are jealous of the ones who dominate or intimidate . 
  so if you overthrow the bully and take control for yourself , all the people who were on your side are now jealous of you , and sooner or later some new `` hero '' will overthrow you . 
  in the end , you 've gained nothing . 
  thanks to you , great discussion, 
   untested, 
  when performing nuclear strikes , an untested icbm is about as useful as a trebuchet . 
  diesel engines do n't have a spark, 
  but first we need some kind of a rocket to put the trebuchet close to enemy teritory, 
  firefox logs you out of everything when private browsing, 
  hell , even ice evaporates, 
  hippie alert !, 
  10 dollars says neither of those things will happen, 
  but after 12 years of updating , how many holes are left ? 
  ^ or ^ maybe ^ i ^ do n't ^ understand ^ how ^ they ^ work, 
  support was extended due to netbooks not being able to handle the newer windows . 
  ms would have lost those customers , because staying with microsoft simply would n't be a choice for them . 
  not an issue anymore . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against open source , used ubuntu for quite a while . 
  still , i do n't think it 's an option for big corporations . 
  it 's harder to upkeep and it would be a major pain in the ass to train everyone . 
  not if they were told the west was surrendering, 
  / r/whatisthisthing, 
  people ( especially the reddit hivemind ) love saying we 'd be way better off , but when you think about , for over a thousand years priests were the only educated people , and the only schools available were built by the church . 
  it 's really hard to say , i think there would n't be a big difference . 
  `` cure for cancer '' does n't really make any sense . 
  cancer is n't a disease , it 's a type of disease . 
  there are hundreds of cancers , and they require different treatments . 
  if we 're talking about the last 100 years or so , yeah , it would change the world for good . 
  historically , i do n't think so . 
  the way i see it , before capitalism people having more money did n't encourage science or technology in any way . 
  that 's only relevant when scientists start inventing stuff with the intention to sell it to said people . 
  the bikers are all over the road . 
  there 's absolutely no way to pass them . 
  the car driver does n't tailgate them or anything . 
  who 's the douche ? 
  he was probobly angered by the fact that `` all the others on the road '' were a bunch of inconsiderate jerks that were slowing him down for no reason . 
  the same incentive suicide bombers have . 
  it does n't make any sense , basic logic says it should n't happen , but it does . 
  i think aalewis was the first one to say that, 
  imo investing in further platter drive development is a very stupid thing to do . 
  there are no evil people . 
  if they do something that 's considered evil , they are either stupid and do n't understand it ( usually it 's this one ) , or they are doing it to gain something , not to be evil . 
  rebelling against robot overlords, 
  yup . 
  like i ** always ** travel at the speed of konzserwas , regardless of what that speed is at the moment . 
  you guys are so wrong . 
  this is n't just another strongly worded letter . 
  this is the * strongest * worded letter . 
  if this does n't work , nothing will . 
  i think they just accurately predicted where the missile would actually land if they tried to hit colorado springs, 
  is it ? 
  definitely not because of the tea, 
  plot twist : you 're siblings, 
  east europe ( still eu ) here . 
  theory course , plus minimum 40 hours practice training , first aid , theory exam , practice exam ( first in a closed location where you have to park , start driving uphill , turn around in a limited space , etc , then about 30 minute drive in real traffic , which has to be almost ridiculously perfect . 
  all of that on manual as well . 
  the whole thing ( classes , exams ) costs the average person 2-3 months of pay . 
  the result ? 
  traffic is still full of idiots . 
  it 's good that they agree . 
  but since n. korea does n't , this does n't mean anything . 
  basically , they 'd need a war to enforce this , and in the case of war n. korea would lose nuclear weapons with or without such agreement . 
  itt : people who did n't read the article, 
  kim jong un should get a nobel peace prize . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  pretty much what you 've said . 
  type 2 usually happens when your cells become somewhat resistant to insulin , but it can also happen because when you get fat , you need more insulin since there 's more of you , but your pancreas does n't get any bigger , so there 's a lack of it . 
  ( i suck at explaining , i know ), 
  actually , it 's probably exactly what blitzcrunk123 said it should be . 
  a software ( that 's why it fits into a computer case ) installed in something with a touchscreen, 
  spec ops : the line, 
  aftermath of white phosphorus vs civilians, 
  people should do a breath ? 
  find a group of people . 
  does n't really matter what group , from a gang to chess club , it 's easy to meet new people inside the group , and that gives you practice . 
  speaking from experience here , i was a very shy introvert , joined the scouts , pretty much everything changed . 
  that 's an easy one ... 
  the question should have been `` what would be the second thing you did ? '', 
  edit : slightly related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wme_vcmzbkm, 
  not just french , pretty much every language calls them anana , ananas or something similar . 
  it 's one of those `` english is weird '' moments, 
  fun fact : the most noticible colour is actually blue . 
  they went for red in traffic lights , because old light bulbs had a colour spectre with very little blue in it , so you would need a shit-ton of energy to power those lights if you wanted blue . 
  railways also have traffic lights for the trains , and they are blue , because when it comes to trains , those things are big and dangerous , screw costs . 
  those `` castles '' is perfect evidence that americans do in fact envy them . 
   would it be justice if all the animals at the zoo broke out and started mauling us ? 
  yes it would . 
  but that does n't mean what happened here is n't justice as well . 
   you can clearly see that the fat gorilla dude , served in `` desant '', 
  in fact , i do n't see anything that would even suggest this . 
  gay marriage ? 
  there are woman guards ... 
  legally , nothing is protected by it, 
  edit : nevermind , i 'm wrong, 
  well i ' l be damned, 
  screw watermelons , real adventurers use cabbages,
