  no problem , i 'm happy to help sort this thing out, 
  still a better love story than twillight . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
  i do n't know , i 'm not an engineer . 
  but nowadays they constantly manage stuff that looks like total magic , so i 'm fairly sure they can figure out a way to temporarily separate one cylinder from the rest . 
  joffrey 's in the tv show . 
  ok then . . 
  is there any mention in the show about that story , other than the song ? 
  i 'd really like to know what happened . 
  the lord was probably killed , but what about his brothers , sisters , cousins , children , grandchildren , etc. . ? 
  some of them must be alive . 
  if the king hunted targaryens and left 3 alive ( though i 'm not sure if he had a problem with the maester ) , i ca n't imagine tywin being able to kill everyone related to that guy . 
  hell , they were likely named lannister , which would n't make it easy ... 
  so what if there 's some lord currently commanding a large part of lannister army , who is still pissed at tywin ? 
  this would be the perfect time for revenge , and an epic twist . 
  [ wildling attack speculation ] ( / b `` yeah , they 're stronger on the field . 
  but yigritte was amazed by the stunning architecture of a mill , so it 's a fair guess they would n't have any idea how to attack a castle and suffer massive losses trying to use climbing spikes while someone is pouring boiling oil from the top . '' ), 
  official . . ? 
  they 're also making a westeros mod for mediaval 2 : total war . 
  i 'm pretty sure the beta is already out , you might wan na look into that . 
  i do n't have any knowledge beyond the show either ( well , technically i do , but it 's not much ) . 
  i tagged it , because the rules clearly state to tag any speculation outside of speculation threads . 
  [ spec . 
  ] ( / b `` i figured the same , but i think it 's called * castle * black for a reason , they wo n't take it without a siege . 
  and i doubt they have the discipline or tactics for a successful siege . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / b `` good point . 
  but then again , the wall is an obstacle , not their goal . 
  the goal is going further south , where enemies will have walls , tactics , and actual armour . 
  one more thing : i was n't really paying attention to that , but do wildlings have bows ? '' ), 
  so it 's impossible to have two unofficial wikis ? 
  and there ca n't be more than a total of 2 websites about skyrim ( one official , one unofficial ) ? 
  and how would they know ? 
  or perhaps you could stop eating spicy food if you do n't like it . . ? 
  jeez , you sound like a commercial, 
  yes , certain shampoos can kinda `` repair '' your hair , but they do n't really repair it , they just cover the hair with some stuff that helps hold it together . 
  you ca n't actually repair a hair , because it is dead . 
  and vitamins will definitely wo n't help , because they are by definition used for chemical reactions inside * living * cells . 
  even if they did , vitamin e has nothing to do with hair , it 's purpose is stopping cell walls from falling apart by peroxidation . 
  hair does n't even have cells . 
  they went out on the street and counted the corpses ? 
  i really do n't care about it . 
  there 's no development at all , whenever they show him i 'm like `` yeah , yeah , torture , we get the picture ... '', 
  [ speculation ] ( / b `` maybe he does n't even appear in the book they made s03 from , so they 're just making stuff up so we do n't forget that he exists ? 
  that would certainly explain the lack of character development '' ), 
  s1 , not sure which episode , she takes and holds a hot dragon egg . 
  her servant touches it for a second and burns her hands . 
  without some complicated special conditions , it is impossible for water to be hotter than it 's boiling temperature . 
  less heat escaping means it will evaporate faster , but it wo n't get above 100c no matter what you do . 
  yeah , there are some . 
  `` just as many '' ? 
  hell no . 
  what the hell does that have to do with anything ? 
  you do n't know how to respond to his argument , so you dig through his post history hoping to find something you could insult him with ? 
  that 's beyond pathetic . 
  i think the whole beuty of got is that we 're not * meant * to feel anything . 
  you can even choose who are the good guys and who are the bad guys . 
  at first the starks felt like the good guys , but now when you think about it , the lannister point of view is just as valid . 
  it 's totally your choice how you watch it . 
  dragonborn is much bigger , i 'll give you that . 
  more land , more dungeons , more monsters , more characters , to sum up , it has a much bigger potential for screwing around . 
  it 's main quest , however , ( especially the final boss `` fight '' ) left me utterly dissapointed . 
   i wish they did n't add fast travel, 
  quite a lot of people say that , and i still can not grasp ... why ? 
  if you do n't like it - do n't use it . 
  there is literally nothing forcing or even encouraging you to fast travel . 
  what would be so satisfying about forcing everyone to play the way you play ? 
  here 's my speculation :, 
  making the player able to choose which side wins the civil war must be a huge pain in the ass for the people who write the lore . 
  when they make the next game , they need to create a story which would make sense no matter what you chose . 
  this could be some kind of event that made the outcome of the civil war totally insignificant . 
  like , i do n't know , perhaps a massive thalmor invasion right after the war ? 
  dead people are neutral , so it 's an improvement, 
  surprise buttseks style, 
  you 've never built a pc , have you ? 
  cpu , video card , ram , hard drive ( s ) , psu , a shitload of wires , and i probably forgot something too . 
  but if you 're building a serious gaming rig , that 's nothing compared to setting up a decent cooling . 
  it actually takes thinking , you have to decide what fans you need , where do you put them and in which direction should they blow . 
  i 'm sure some rich douchebag ( for example d. trump ) would be happy to buy it, 
  do n't touch your face ( pathogens get on your hands very easily , but your skin protects against infection . 
  your mouth , nose and eyes are major entry points ), 
  avoid large groups, 
  do n't go to a hospital if you do n't * really * need to . 
  edit : in addition to tip no . 
  1 , do n't touch your junk . 
  for the same reason . 
  just wash your hands before you do it , 
  it 's elderscrolls wikia , what did you expect ? 
  accurate information ? 
  [ yeah , he 's on vacation ] ( / spoiler ), 
   should say 5-15-13, 
  no it should n't, 
  i think it would best fit paarthurnax, 
  would that technically make everyone on gonewild a whore ? 
  who are olenna , talisa and tormund ? 
  thanks, 
  then how come highways without speed limits are statistically the safest roads in the world ? 
  for the brain , it 's not just preferred . 
  neurons literally ca n't use anything other than glucose . 
  wow . 
  where to begin . . ?
