  believing in god is socially acceptable , while believing in vampires is n't . 
  that may not sound like much of a difference , but we are , after all , social animals . 
  that g-like letter is actually z in cyrillic, 
  i do n't like permanent stuff, 
  step1 : delete this post , because it 's a serious rule violation to post somebody 's phone number, 
  step2 : call the cops, 
  literally anyone, 
  syrup is usually motor oil, 
  ice cream is usually mashed potatoes, 
  it seems to me , that somehow businessman is both the most respected and the least respected profession at the same time . 
  maybe , but i would n't be surprised if that exists . 
  i mean , there could be one multi-bilionaire bastard who enjoys custom-made cp every now and then . 
  think about what skills you have and use them . 
  if you 're good at photoshop , email companies that might need some photoshop work done . 
  if you can code , do the same with it companies , etc. 
  if you ca n't do anything , try a mcdodalds or something, 
  most buildings are n't high enough, 
   what we be posted online, 
  ctrl + 0 to default, 
  `` hurr durr , i 'm stating the obvious , gim me a cookie '', 
  this statement not meant for us , it 's for the press . 
  they will definitely read and analyze this statement , and they will start a massive shitstorm if it does n't satisfy them , or is n't pc enough . 
  hell , it might even be taken in consideration in case of a lawsuit . 
  that axe 's name ? 
  albert einstein, 
  this is one of the all-time top posts here, 
  i second this . 
  the first witcher was also the first serious game that developer ever made , and that is showing . 
  if we lived in a perfect world , they would now make a new game with it 's story and dialogue . 
  just right of the box for name changing, 
  the / maps page seems to have a bug : there 's more info below , but it wo n't let me scroll down . 
  tried on both chrome and firefox, 
  definitely, 
   what did russia do to get 12 additional countries to join nato since 1999 ? 
  nothing . 
  that was the whole point : work fast and join while it 's still calm , before russia starts their bullshit again ; looks like we barely made it . 
  and we knew russia would start their bullshit again from several centuries of experience . 
  to be fair , porn sites usually have good ones , this bs mostly happens on youtube . 
  ` tis a strange world . 
  that 's kinda like saying `` at least serbia has an awesome basketball team '' when comparing it to the usa . 
   diversity of religion is why there is peace at all in this world, 
  that sounds like the exact opposite of the truth, 
  avg may be good for catching viruses , but it acts like a fucking virus itself . 
  ever tried uninstalling it ? 
  well , i hope you never change your mind . 
  if you do , you 're in for a surprise, 
  did n't work for me , tried it 3 times . 
  still had their `` protection process '' or something ( pretty sure it 's their anti-tampering system that 's supposed to protect against viruses shutting it down . 
  well , i guess it 's working alright . 
  ) launching on startup and reappearing after being taken off the startup list or deleted . 
  problem only solved a year later when i wiped the hard drive ( unrelated reason ), 
   drive a standard transmission, 
  why ? 
   ignore the pc photos, 
  nothing but pc photos, 
  i 'm not a latest invention , i 'm a person !, 
   if you plan to travel solo anywhere in the world , ever , besides the us , and you need to rent a car you need this skill . 
  let 's see ... 
  so you will need it if 1 ) you travel 2 ) you travel alone 3 ) you travel by car 4 ) you travel outside the us 5 ) you are n't capable of finding an automatic rental ( trust me , that 's a thing even outside the us ) . 
  i 'd say that 's a very specific situation , hardly something every adult would run into . 
  loads of other equipment ... well , my lawnmower has a clutch , but i 'm quite certain that manual trasmission skills are not needed to operate it . 
  keep in mind that most people live in cities and work in offices , the most complicated piece of equipment they run into daily is the coffee machine, 
  your third point is just pure bs . 
  you could say the same thing about underwater basket weaving , is that a neccessary skill for any adult ? 
  bottom line , yes , it 's a good thing to learn , but calling it `` something everybody should learn by the time they 're an adult '' is a stretch . 
  god i love this add-on, 
  i do n't understand what makes you think i 'm upset . 
  i just like discussions . 
  agreed on both knowledge being positive , and driving a manual being fun , but these things still do n't make it essential for every adult . 
  hell , i would n't even call * driving * an essential skill , though that might be different for some people , depending on where they live . 
  poop on the neighbor 's lawn . 
  blame it on your dog , even if you do n't have one . 
  alright , makes sense, 
  i do n't know , but my guess would be `` is this just fantasy ? '', 
   why would you call an overweight person `` fat '' anyway ? 
  because they are :, 
  fat, 
  adjective, 
  : having a lot of extra flesh on your body : having a lot of body fat, 
  : having a full , rounded form, 
  : unusually wide or thick, 
  how is calling things what they are offensive ? 
  this whole trend of `` let 's make up longer and more complicated words for simple things , so we can protect people 's feelings '' needs to fucking stop . 
   if you are n't overweight , you 're not qualified to decide what should and should n't be offensive . 
  heh , that 's an interesting thought . 
  got ta agree with it , as they say , `` offence is taken , not given '' , so any person can `` decide '' ( for lack of a better word ) what 's offensive to them , and nobody else really has a say in it . 
  however , that does not mean everyone else has to dance around it . 
  if you do n't like the way someone talks - do n't be friends with them . 
  umm . . 
  i do n't mean to offend you , but that map is just terrible, 
  b. . but tenderising, 
  you do n't think drinking lots of fluids can worsen a fluid build-up ? 
  pls, 
  wait , there 's music ? 
  that 's how i roll : always unexpected . 
  like the time i boosted into a spike to confuse the enemy . 
  it 's umm ... 
  it 's new, 
  unrelated pro tip for op : hit f11 to play in fullscreen . 
  your screen is too small , you 're seeing about 4 squares less into the distance than everyone else .
