  there are 3 types of worms : flatworms , nematodes and annelids ... '', 
  i 'm pretty sure selling prints would be illegal . 
  you know , copyright . 
   so you better prepare for winter , craven . 
  ftfy, 
  she almost killed tommen in s02e09, 
  that 's a lot of starving untrained people and hardware that would stay where it is , because they do n't have the fuel needed to deploy it . 
  i highly doubt that, 
  that 's true , but the tyrion targ idea is * very * unlikely . 
  it does n't make sense no matter from which angle you look at it, 
  you ca n't just leave an iv inside your arm like that , it would get infected in under a week, 
  what poop ? 
  he 's not eating . 
  he deserves recognition , but not the kind he gets . 
  he 's constantly being called a tech genius , an inventor , etc. , when in reality he ( or his company ) did n't invent a single thing , he was just very good at marketing stuff invented by other people years ago . 
  he was a genius , but not in the field he 's recognised for . 
  '' * sigh *, 
  i 'm your biach '', 
  - carlos slim, 
  well , mexico is in north america, 
  well , maybe . 
  i 'd say the last line of mirri maz duur 's prophecy is pretty important for further development of the plot . 
  hell , it 's the main motivation behind many of dany 's actions , i do n't think one can really understand her without knowing the full prophecy . 
  and yet it 's not said in the show . 
  this theory is n't really about future plot , it 's just a bit of deeper understanding for things that already happened . 
  i do n't think anyone would have a problem with leaving that out of the show , far bigger things have been changed . 
  it 's life where you can buy a furnished house for 20k while making ~ 200 a day in an entry-level job , from which you can get promoted after working 1 day . 
  even without cheat codes , it 's impossible not to get rich in that universe . 
  actually they do have the target on the croshairs . 
  they adjust the scope , so it 's not pointing in the same direction as the barrel . 
  for example , if you calculate that you should be aiming 15 meters higher and 20 meters to the left from your target , you shift your scope down and to the right , and still use the crosshairs . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and believe you , because my source is `` i read a couple of articles once '', 
   it did n't matter to the plot anyway, 
  the fuck ? 
  what book are you reading ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  there are plenty of antiseptics that do n't burn you . 
  actually , if you disregard alcohol-based antiseptics , pretty much none of them burn you . 
  km/h perhaps ? 
  though using km/h when talking about american highways would be equaly facepalm-worthy, 
  it 's fast , but would n't call it ridiculously fast . 
  in most places in europe highway limits are 120-130 . 
  in germany ( no limts ) a lot of people choose to drive at around 150, 
   i cut my knee so bad the blood started dripping from it !, 
  stop joking guys , that 's a very serious cut . 
  what if ... mel revives jon , making him a half-alive being , kinda like ls herself . 
  then some stuff happens and 1 book later ls gives jon an additional kiss of life , killing her and making him normal ? 
  soo ... which one is it ? 
  mb or megabytes ? 
  if it 's megabytes ( mb ) , that 's actually pretty good . 
  not korea-level , but it should stream hd video without any problems . 
  if it 's megabits ( mb ) ... wtf is wrong with usa ? 
  in a rural area ? 
  sure . 
  there 's no excuse for not having it in a city though . 
  i live in a city of 300k people and i 'm paying 8 euros/month for 50mbps . 
  i 'm scared of plumbing . 
  i freak out every time my pipes make a sound . 
  which sucks , because pipes tend to make sounds :(, 
  fair enough , i do n't see why would they make an exception . 
  rules are rules . 
   we had to keep the thermometer in the shade because it only went up to 135 degrees, 
  where the fuck else would you keep your thermometer ? 
  if you 're keeping it in the sun , you might as well depend on your clock to tell you the temperature . 
  you might as well say `` because it does '', 
  well , the obvious one is that we 'd become more alike . 
  right now black people are evolved for surviving better in african climate , white people - european climate , etc. 
  in the future we would be less specialised and more universal, 
  well , yeah it would . 
  but that does n't mean the temperature on the sun is higher , temperature does n't work that way . 
  the air is just as hot in the sun as it is on the shade , what you 're seeing is the sun directly heating the thermometer above the temperature of the air . 
  bottom line , if you leave a thermoteter in the sun , it will show the temperature of itself instead of its suroundings , which does n't tell you how hot the air is . 
  yeah , but if said offense was done in public , and is very well documented ( and on reddit it always is ) , then a penalty is always definitely in the public interest . 
  otherwise you will soon have a thousand people breaking the same rule and creating `` why ca n't * i * do it if it 's ok for him ? '', 
  shitstorms whenever you try punishing them . 
   source : i am a former law enforcement officer who preferred giving warnings for trivial offences . 
  to give an example , if i received a complaint that someone had parked across their own driveway ( illegal here ) i would knock on their door and ask them to move it , rather than just issue an infringement . 
  did you ever let someone get away with a warning while the whole thing was live on tv ? 
  if not , then nice story and thank you for being a good cop , but it 's not really relevant . 
  you should have some kind of a disclaimer saying that people forfeit their rights to their stories when they send them , and then publish a book, 
  yeah , gon na need a link, 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_%28lithuania%29#january_13 ), 
  `` wreckless driving '', 
  yeah , me too . 
  but then i read his journals ... 
  omfg dude , i 'm so sorry for killing you ... 
  engagement rings, 
  that was part of the adaptation of harrenhall i think . 
  if i recall correctly , in the book , she kills the final guard while escaping the castle in nearly exactly the same way ( drop the fm coin , stab the dude while he 's picking it up ) . 
  so , that does n't take the inn fight off the table . 
  edit : here 's the quote from acok :, 
   `` silver , you say ? '' he did not believe her , but he wanted to ; silver was silver , after all . 
  `` give it over , then . '', 
  her fingers dug down beneath her tunic and came out clutching the coin jaqen had given her . 
  in the dark the iron could pass for tarnished silver . 
  she held it out ... and let it slip through her fingers . 
  cursing her softly , the man went to a knee to grope for the coin in the dirt and there was his neck right in front of her . 
  arya slid her dagger out and drew it across his throat , as smooth as summer silk . 
  his blood covered her hands in a hot gush and he tried to shout but there was blood in his mouth as well . 
  `` valar morghulis , '' she whispered as he died .
