  i hope this still works ... 
  giffy !, 
  i think we should perform a certain ritual here, 
  * spooky voice * oh mighty / u/unidan , hear our prayer !, 
  we summon you !!, 
  yes , we do . 
  source : i 'm driving a 10-year-old car with original stereo, 
  that too, 
  so one could say that it sorta holds a reserve of blood ? 
  if crime fighters fight crime , and firefighters fight fire , what do freedom fighters fight ? 
  and clothes, 
  too bad very few of his books are translated to english , you guys are seriously missing out . 
  you , sir , are a hero, 
  we need to try this, 
  `` not anymore '', 
  probably this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regurgitation_%28circulation%29, 
  you probably put them in the wrong way . 
  yeah !, 
  it 's my right !, 
  sir , the correct term is * chronic * clap, 
  long story short , poo is `` made '' in the digestive tract ( it 's what 's left from food ) , while pee is esentially filtered blood ( there 's no direct connection between kidneys/bladder and stomach/intestines ), 
  actually , it depends on the situation . 
  usually artificial respiration is not needed at all , but sometimes it 's critical . 
  well , that 's correct . 
  in most cases chest compressions will work ( acually , in most cases nothing will work , but that 's another story ) . 
  also it 's much better to say `` to hell with it '' and start compressions instead of spending a minute thinking about how you really do n't wan na french-kiss this stranger . 
  note however , that comparing the effectiveness of chest compressions and mouth-to-mouth makes about as much sense as comparing the effectiveness of driving a car and making a sandwich . 
  they are two different procedures with two different results . 
  in most `` oh shit this dude 's dying '' situations , what you need is achieved by chest compressions , and not mouth-to-mouth , that , along with the `` ewww '' factor is why they stopped teaching it . 
  but still , * sometimes * mouth-to-mouth is very important , and you wo n't get anywhere without it . 
  for example , drownings . 
  a long bone of an elephant . 
  place it near my crotch . 
  you know , to confuse future archeologists . 
  fucked all of you, 
  duck, 
   odds are you 've never even had a full colon , much less let it go back into the large intestine . 
  i hate to be `` that guy '' , but colon = large intestine . 
  you probably meant rectum . 
  or small intestine . 
  maybe he was actually doing something worse . 
  lying 101 : nobody ever questions an embarrasing story . 
  ummm , no . 
  first of all , they get hotter , not colder with increased pressure . 
  secondly , the pressure difference between open and closed mouth is not nearly big enough to have a noticable effect . 
  the oatmeal has a nice comic about it, 
  edit : hurr durrr , forgot the link, 
  not all things . 
  you really need to stop talking about physics, 
  this is not a counter-argument . 
  this is me giving up trying to explain something to a person who refuses to listen and insists that the total nonesense he wrote is correct . 
  and then teleport back, 
  ~ 95 % of the world 's population uses metric . 
  that 's pretty damn universal . 
  it was the biggest resource hog ever . 
  no os runs slower than vista . 
  also , the uac was annoying as hell, 
  these are things i remembered in seconds , even though i have n't used vista in 5 years . 
  given a week with it , i could probably come up with a long list . 
  it was basically the beta version of w7 - most of the new features were unfinished . 
  that airplanes fly because air travels faster on the top of the wing . 
  the misconception itself would n't be so bad if it was n't so popular . 
  it 's everywhere from youtube videos to textbooks , hell , there even are legit pilot manuals that tell this bs . 
  seriously ? 
  has the bot technology gone too far ?? 
  [ deleted ], 
  the shape of the wing forces airflow to go downwards . 
  airplane rises because of newton 's third law . 
  buying 50 bananas is n't free, 
  it 's good , but after the legendary post by / u/flossdaily , no such joke will ever be * very * good, 
  `` art is not a democracy . 
  people do n't get to vote on how it ends . '', 
  do n't tell me what to do, 
  agreed . 
  if you 've only finished tw2 once , you have n't finished tw2 . 
  i 'm quite convinced that his story is done and we 'll never see another bran pov chapter ever, 
  very possible , i can see that happening . 
  does n't require a pov though . 
  i think we will definitely see his actions/feel his presence , but it would be through hints in other charecters ' chapters , like the whispering weirwood in theon 's chapter . 
  law regulates in order to protect , not for the sake of regulating . 
  both versions were speculated . 
  it was also speculated that batman is azor ahai . 
  there are probably more asoiaf theories than pages in asoiaf, 
  but when that 's your job , how the hell do you procrastinate ? 
  that episode was written by grrm, 
  good point, 
  it does n't . 
  i have a couple of * very * strongs magnets . 
  when they 're stuck together , it takes me a minute of hard work to pull them apart , and even though i 'm not the toughest dude in town , nobody 's ever called me weak . 
  i found them taking apart an old hard drive . 
  do you know * why * they have them ? 
  because that 's the `` omgwtf wat '' part, 
  they damage the walls of the vagina , so it closes up for a bit while healing , preventing other males from sexing up the same ladycat . 
  thank for subscribing to cat facts !, 
  you will now recieve fun daily facts about cats !, 
  how dare you like something i do n't ? 
  cool post , but only about 10 % of it was relevant and it did n't really answer any of the questions asked . 
  reminds me of a joke about a biology student who only studied worms for an exam , but got question about elephants . 
  `` an elephant is a big animal . 
  it has a long nose , that kinda looks like a worm .
