it 's good , but you want to play seriously ( have a chance of winning ) it is very time consuming . 
  the top alliances require you to be able to log on at any time ( when you 're at war , you 'll constantly be playing during the night ) . 
  most alliances will kick you out if you do n't log in for 24 hours . 
  tldr : yes , if you do n't have a life . 
  you could also take out the video card and check for markings . 
  nonsense . 
  there 's never enough boobs/ass, 
  probably a stupid question , but is this real or photoshopped ? 
  i 've seen this before , but as a black & white image made with ms paint , not in futurama . 
  that 's like saying condoms are shit , because they 're not good when used as socks . 
  google translate is good when you use it for what 's it created . 
  edit : typo, 
  i would start a non-profit video game developing company . 
  i do n't wan na make money , i just want good games , and lots of developers do n't have the balls to innovate , because you can loose a metric shit-ton of money doing that . 
  although that could backfire by bankrupting all other developers ... that would do pretty much the opposite of what i want . . 
  damn . 
  20 here . 
  was n't bullied a lot , but it happened sometimes . 
  it was mostly verbal , there was only one fight and i was the one who started it . 
  got my ass kicked , but all bullying stopped after that . 
  use your skills . 
  if you 're good with computers , try fixing people 's computers . 
  if you 're good at painting walls , do that . 
  just post some ads . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , so no specific advice on where to advertise yourself . 
  `` the witcher '' series by andrzej sapkowski . 
  i 'm not sure if all the books are translated to english though . 
  i highly doubt that , but it 's possible . 
  on the other hand , i 'm sure that there are lots of teachers who simply do n't give a fuck about their students , which could also help ( not cause ) someone to fail . 
  people often confuse not helping with obstructing . 
  definitely . 
  yesturday i saw a redditor riding on horseback with full plate armour . 
  oh wait ... nevermind ... 
  this does n't answer the question . 
  ford 's illness affected the film , but it was n't included in it . 
  overheard a couple of older folks talking about how humanity affects nature . 
  here 's some of their theories :, 
  air polution is bad , because the sun is now so saturated there 's no vibrations left ( do n't ask , i did n't get it either ), 
  earthquakes happen , because people extract too much oil and metals , the earth looses its rigidity and starts shaking, 
  tsunamis happen because of holes in the ocean floor `` they '' made when they were blowing shit up . 
  ( no word on who `` they '' are ), 
  6 ) this subreddit is not a replacement for legal consultation , medical or mental health consultation . 
  these posts will be removed , as the qualifications of any person giving such advice can not be verified . 
  contact the professional in your area for your needs . 
  amorphous +, 
  these, 
  birds are dinosaurs, 
  yes i have a suggestion : go fuck yourself, 
  first of all , not saying what the idea is seems to be a crappy way to spread it . 
  or do you intend to copyright the law and then charge the goverment for using it , so you do n't want us to steal your idea ? 
  that 's awesome, 
  the trollface . 
  maybe not the picture itself , but how it 's used . 
  i constantly see 12-year-olds putting it on literally anything , becase they think it makes you cool . 
  fucking with that sounds painful, 
  kaban means boar in russian o.o, 
  yeah . 
  a year ago . 
  that 's unreliable . 
  the blood test can hint towards a problem , but not confirm it . 
  so if it 's positive , you still get a finger up your ass . 
  source : med student, 
  that 's actually an example of people fucking with history . 
  if you look into it , the french were pretty badass in almost every century , but we think otherwise because of one defeat . 
  and no , i 'm not french . 
  tough one . 
  i 'd go for some kind of an mmorpg , because they make repetition seem like fun , and after a year there would be nothing but repetition with pretty much any game . 
  not sure about canada , but where i 'm from , the goverment , not the company , pays you the equivalent of your salary . 
  i silently agree , but have a downvote anyway , because preachers are fags . 
  keep your opinion to yourself , nobody wants to hear that shit . 
  heh , as a matter of fact i spent like a minute trying to decide on the insult , 'cause i did n't want to look like a homophobe . 
  ended up using fag anyway , because `` asshole '' just does n't have the ring to it . 
  you just went full retard, 
  kinda offtopic , but i thought you should know : kidneys do n't break down anything , they work ( in the terms of eli5 ) like a simple filter . 
  1 degree celsius is exactly the same size as 1 degree kelvin . 
  the kelvin scale is considered to be scientifically more accurate , because it does n't have negative numbers and temperature is basically particle speed , which ca n't be negative . 
  for the bonus question , always use water for first aid . 
  using chemicals will cause more damage . 
  there 's another problem . 
  msg makes it hard to distinguish between good food and crappy food , because everything is tasty when you add some . 
  it 's also very cheap . 
  this leads to all crappy food tasting very good , which leads to obesity and other health problems . 
  also , there was something about msg inducing hunger , which could also lead to obesity , but i do n't know if that 's actual data , or hippy propaganda . 
  i already said this , but hell , i ca n't stress this enough . 
  do not use chemicals to treat chemical burns , you will just end up damaging the tissue that was n't damaged yet . 
  rinse with water , just do n't underdo it , rinse it good , for several minutes . 
   you would n't clean a wound with acid or base to begin with, 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  the question was about treating wounds . 
  and i do n't really understand why you are bringing antibiotics and antiseptics into this , that 's a different topic entirely . 
  first , let 's go through how taste works . 
  there are 5 basic tastes : sweet , bitter , sour , salty and umami . 
  all tastes are combinations of those five . 
  there are 5 kinds of taste receptors on your tongue , each for one of the basic tastes . 
  food has a bunch of different molecules that `` react '' with the receptors . 
  for example , common salt molecules react with the receptors that pick up salty taste . 
  there is a substance called capsaicin in all spicy food . 
  it works kind of like salt in the previous example , but instead of reacting to one of the taste receptors , this substance gets picked up by the receptors that usually react to high temperature , causing your brain to think that the inside of your mouth is hot temperature-wise . 
  the `` leaders '' are also regular people . 
  it would probably end up being a war between two halves of the military , with civilians keeping their heads down and not even thinking about taking up arms .
