  look out for dragons when passing the plushie aisle, 
  pirates have patches, 
  edit : half an hour later i realised i accidently made a pun, 
  i double checked to see if op was n't / u/weappreciateyou, 
  this is ancient, 
  except it does n't cause insta-death , it takes time . 
  a virus can spread even with 100 % fatality rate if it takes long enough to kill . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's refering to the first part of the title . 
  it 's not doing a lot of spreading . 
  you 're not very contagious during the incubation period . 
  more like the time between first symptoms and death . 
  who are you talking to ? 
  looks like closing your eyes and randomly picking what to invest in can get you better results than the professionals, 
  depends on how you sort it . 
  first as in oldest . 
  knocking occurs when gas detonates , i.e. 
  when the octane number is too low . 
  having a higher octane number ca n't hurt you in any way ( usually does n't help you either ), 
  i wonder how that engine does n't blow up when used in europe . 
  hard to find anything below 95 over here . 
  me in this thread : no , no , no , maybe , no , no , yes , no , no , no, 
  it 's shocking to see how popular some myths and misconceptions are when it comes to fuel . 
  octane number has nothing to do with energy . 
  yes , quite often the higher rating fuel will have more energy . 
  but that 's correlation , not causation . 
  it is very possible to make a fuel with an octane number above 100 and shitty energy density . 
  it would really help if you could be more specific . 
  i understand that you 're interested in everything , but if someone tried to explain how every detail evolved , they could accidently write a book . 
   a kid in my hometown got killed because some idiot drove by a stopped bus , so it makes sense . 
  a kid in your hometown got killed because his parents did n't teach him how to safely cross a street . 
  thing is , there 's no such rule anywhere else in the world and children somehow survive . 
  also , you might wan na read that comment again . 
  i 'm not blaming the kid . 
  edit : while you 're at it , read the [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette ) . 
  when you edit your post to make it 3 times longer after there 's an answer to it , you should really make it clear that it was editted ... 
  especially when it now adresses the thing pointed out in said answer . 
  holy crap . 
  usually after an episode i come here with a good bunch of observations and questions i hope to see answered in the next one . 
  today ... 
  i got nothing . 
  well , almost nothing . 
  i wonder what will littlefinger do . 
  there 's a powerful ( sorta ) man who happened to love cat . . 
  yeah , kids do get run over . 
  usually they 're not anywhere near a school bus . 
  i 'm pretty sure this law actually icreases the number of kids that get run over , because it teaches them to be careless . 
  [ i think northerners will ] ( / b `` manage to regroup , because 1 ) winter is coming . 
  i do n't think any southern army would dare to march north at such time . 
  think napoleon vs. russia scenario . 
  2 ) stannis cursed robb , now he 's dead . 
  he also cursed joffrey and greyjoy , suggesting they 'll die too , which would give the north a lot of breathing space . '' ), 
  as for littlefinger ... 
  i still ca n't figure out if he has any real power or not . 
  he 's got money , he 's got information , he seems like a puppet master ... 
  but . 
  it 's been repeatedly shown that any other lord can fuck him any time they want . 
  first in s1 ned nearly strangled him , then in s2 cersei threatened ( with a quite clear demonstration , too ) to cut his throat . 
  thing is , he has no army and no family , which means if you decide to kill him there 's nobody who would stop you and nobody who would want revenge . 
  which means you can kill him anytime , anywhere . 
  in the end , i 'm sticking with the opinion i made after watching e08 : melisandre and the night 's watch are the only good guys , everyone else is running around being selfish and fighting over nothing while a really big problem is getting ready to fuck them all . 
  robb 's death was shocking and sad , but the more i think about it , the less i care . 
  sign me up, 
  around here ( east europe ) , paid vacation . 
  that 's actually one of the incentives to lure more and smarter people to be teachers , because most other aspects of the job suck . 
  chemical compounds with only hydrogen and carbon in them , e.g. 
  the truth is somewhere in between . 
  you ca n't really say there is * nothing * about being cold that gives you a cold . 
  you just jumped from one misconception to another . 
  being cold suppresses your immune system , allowing the virus to do its thing . 
  so being physically cold actually * is * a pretty big factor in catching a cold, 
  it does n't suppress the immune system of the whole body . 
  it does n't need to that , cold is a localised infection . 
  your nose gets cold , blood flow to your nose is reduced , less blood means less white cells . 
  it does n't matter that there 's plenty of white cells in the rest of your body , the virus is only concerned with upper respiratory tract . 
  it works the same way as any other price : supply and demand . 
  they will charge as much as people are willing to pay . 
  supply in this case means the amount of alternative internet providers the customer could use . 
   this would n't be that difficult really, 
  as a future doctor , oh hell yes it would . 
  everything from heart rate to erythrocyte sedimentation rate , anesthesia dosing , and many many other things would be messed up . 
  and i 'm sure many other fields would get equally confusing . 
  physicists would get even more royaly screwed , since their measurments are often accurate to the nanosecond . 
  / r/whatisthisthing, 
  i do n't want a mindless servant that will do whatever the hell i tell it to . 
  that 's not love , that 's slavery . 
  i want an independant pet with an actual personality . 
  and no , a cat wo n't kill you without hesitation . 
  they just as capable of love , but you have to actually earn it and you can very quickly lose it if you do anything to harm the cat . 
  you ca n't own a cat , you can only befriend one . 
  if you use distilled water you could plug it in without drying . 
  pure water does not conduct electricity, 
  i bet the voices said so, 
  sperm count would be the least of your problems, 
  it looks like from now on he ca n't . 
  was n't that the whole point of the scene ? 
  they always get up when i 'm at a specific distance from the coffin , regardless if i 'm sneaking ( lvl 100 , all perks ) or charging them . 
  if i 'm sneaking they just start wandering around without any clue that i 'm there , but they get up anyway . 
  yeah , really . 
  now i 'm honestly wondering which one of us has the bug . 
  probably me .
