  if i understand correctly , the capacity of this battery would be pretty much the same as in batteries we have now . 
  so this would n't make any of your electronics last longer . 
  i 'm sure it has some uses for someone , but for consumers it 's useless . 
  well , that 's another argument , but i really do n't think screwing with natural selection should be seen as good . 
  [ this is outside falkreath sanctuary after penitus oculatus attacks it ] ( / d ), 
  i 'm pretty sure it would be an ok computer if you installed a lightweight linux distribution . 
  sometimes i train speech this way . 
  just keep talking to them and persuading . 
  press and hold action button ( e default on pc ), 
  / r/whatisthisthing, 
  it 's just an example of developers sacrificing lore/continuity for gameplay , it 's quite common . 
  they could make it logical , or they could make it so the swords do n't break the game . 
  easy choice there imo . 
  well there 's not much point to post books there , i mean you know it 's a book , and the title/author is probably written in there too ... 
  it 's for things that you do n't recognise . 
  as to whether you should post one huge album or a few smaller ones ... to be honest i have no idea . 
  the one you use to open doors , chests , pick up things ( into inventory ) , etc. 
  * you 're, 
  you probably feel so hardcore now ... 
  yep , you sure showed me . 
  just look at the sarcasm . 
  it can also be inside the plug , e.g. 
  phone chargers . 
  firstly , that 's not a square knot . 
  secondly , a square knot is really crappy for tying two ends of rope together , it 's way too easy to undo . 
  there are lots of knots that do the job much better . 
  source : i 'm a scout, 
  we can fix this . 
  post a comment . 
  this . 
  my first thought was `` rip off '', 
  ^ ( yes , i know i 'm wrong ), 
  imho this is just pathetic ... 
  i ca n't imagine anyone over the age of 10 wanting this . 
   even an occasional faction-related `` we have a big problem , someone must sort out this emergency '' radiant quest would be nice rather than just being stuck with the same few `` kill ___ for [ npc ] / steal [ object ] from ___ '' objectives . 
  [ i was really hoping i 'd be randomly called to defend twilight sepulcher against bandits/adventurers after becoming a nightingale . 
  oh well , maybe on tes vi ] ( / t ), 
  it probably had something to do with their faces being fucking terrifying, 
  not the paper 's fault , you started the roll incorrectly . 
  take off few sheets from the top layer to fix . 
  generally it does n't , it just moves the germs away . 
  kinda like washing mud off your hands does n't destroy the mud , just moves it elsewere . 
  that 's with regular soap . 
  do not use antibacterial soap . 
  or antibacterial anything for that matter . 
  getting rid of germs seems logical ( after all , that 's what causes diseases ) , but doing that messes up your immune system , causes allergies and other health problems . 
  that does n't mean you should start living like a caveman though , find the balance . 
  source : med school, 
   i know why blood is red , because of the hemoglobin becoming red while carrying oxygen . 
  hemoglobin is always red , not just when carrying oxygen . 
  the idea that only oxygenated blood is red was refuted like 50 years ago , but somehow there are still lots of people who believe it, 
  this used to be the case with crt screens . 
  most people stopped using them about 10 years ago . 
   are you , a supposed medical student , genuinely advising not to use any antibacterial products ? 
  yeah , i am . 
  with the obvious exception of antiseptics for wounds . 
  cooking something and using antibacterial products are quite different things , do n't you think ? 
  for household purposes good ol' hygiene and common sense are more than sufficient . 
   the best you can do is counter protest and fight to change the law . 
  the best thing you can do is stop paying attention to them . 
  good answers here , but i 'd like to point out an interesting exception : ubuntu ( a type of os ) . 
  their version numbers show the date when it was released and do n't have any relation to the importance/size of upgrades . 
  for example , if they released a new version today , it would be called ubuntu 13.04 , even if there was no major change between it and ubuntu 12.10 , which is the current version , released on october 2012 . 
  i 'm not sure if anyone else uses this system . 
  i think it was translated so many times that the contents of `` current '' bible have pretty much nothing to do with the original . 
  you ca n't even translate a text once without losing some meaning , here we 're talking about thousands of translations , most of which happened before languages were standartised . 
  invent something universally useful . 
  hell , i would actively look for a house like that . 
  reduced price for no reason at all . 
  why not cash in on other people 's superstition ? 
  everything is going work out just fine, 
  bed tester, 
  i was expecting an epic battle . 
  i was hoping his fighting style would be a lot like a human player 's and that this would be the best duel ever . 
  instead it was something like this : 1 ) you get his health down so quick , it 's like you 're fighting a bandit 2 ) he becomes invincible and heals 3 ) rinse and repeat 4 ) technically you do n't even get to kill him . 
  it felt more like a game of tag than a fight . 
  afterwards i just sat there , staring at the screen with a `` are you fucking kidding me ? '', 
  look on my face . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  a chainsaw and a voice-activated crossbow, 
  my guess is that they were n't originally released as e-books , instead somebody scanned a paper book . 
  especially if you get your e-books from piratebay . 
  scanning often results in mistakes , because the text recognition software is n't that smart . 
  also voice activated, 
  mah bad, 
  `` siri , shoot that douchebag ! '', 
  most people do, 
  ran out of booze, 
   if it were true you would have heard about it from a reputible source, 
  i 've seen health tips that are total bullshit being posted on well-known and supposedly trustable sites . 
  it 's not that rare to be honest . 
  and by the way , i have n't yet seen a tip about loosing weight that was not bullshit . 
  like , anywhere . 
  except maybe cracked ( these guys are usually right , but still not totally bullshit-free ), 
  caffeine was a bad idea . 
  the drugs you took did n't react with it , others might . 
  true ... forgive my tired brain , just came home after a shitload of lectures, 
  whatever , he earned it, 
  add items : dwarven oil , horker tusk x2, 
  windows xp , now that makes one cringe .
