  thanks, 
  it was always the case that the whole world was anti-gay . 
  some nations changed , some did n't . 
  religion was banned in the soviet union , the same way atheism is now banned in some parts of the world . 
  on the other hand , it did n't really work . 
  when you ban something , people wan na do it , even if they could n't give a fuck about it before the ban . 
  there probably were more religious folk than today . 
  i hate to break this to you , but you 're an idiot . 
  nobody 's talking about everyone being gay , your comment is completely irrelevant . 
  also , the scientist and biologists you 're talking about have observed homosexuality in dozens ( if not hundreds , not sure ) of species . 
  pro tip : most stereotypes are statistically correct . 
  when it comes to physical assault , most women are vulnerable compared to men . 
  i 'm getting really sick of peole who ignore the truth for the sake of political correctness ... 
  go to dagon 's shrine for two easy deadra hearts . 
  not sure how fast they respawn . 
  is that you g\u00e9rard ? 
  screw the caves . 
  take out the artilery , block the border and wait , they 'll come out on their own . 
  it takes a lot to feed 1.2 million people hidden in caves . 
  it always baffled me that people need rules for a/an . 
  just use the one that is n't a pain to use . 
  in this example , an . 
  yeah , but this is one of those rare occasions when grammar rules actually make sense . 
  i always get it grammatically correct going just by the sound . 
  actually , some places do have huge batteries in the grid : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pumped-storage_hydroelectricity, 
  however , it 's not even close to being common practice . 
  got ta love the word `` condemn '' . 
  i imagine it goes something like this : `` mr. president , there 's some group fighting in the middle east again '' . 
  `` again ? 
  oh well , tell the media that we condemn it and let 's get back to whatever we were doing '', 
  ring of fuck physics, 
  * liver, 
  i 'm pretty sure that was the whole point of this thread, 
  they get everything they need from the army . 
  a place to sleep , food , clothes , everything . 
  that 32 $ is pocket money for candy , they could live with nothing . 
  by him, 
  nope . 
  a bit unrelated , but if you have a picture of sky , grass ( from far away ) , or some other generic view like that , you can make a big clear picture out of a small one , because you can assume how the stuff you do n't have looks like based on what you have . 
  think of it as sophisticated copy-pasting . 
  it will make the picture look nicer , but there 's no way it will give you any new information . 
  is n't this like the third time they 've done that this month ? 
  best korea is running out of material, 
  3 days ? 
  the us navy could start bombing them within 3 minutes ... 
  why would you buy that thing , when you can use a potato peeler ? 
  the less shit you have , the better . 
  it looks like a proper wiki , but i have to ask ... is this for real ? 
  easiest question ever :, 
  finish this sentence : north korea threatened to turn the island into ... 
  you 're an idiot . 
  it does n't have anything to do with your ethnicity . 
  people downvoted him , because what he said is a myth . 
  you do n't need a trained eye to notice change above 30fps , most people see obvious difference between 30 and 60 . 
  here 's a demonstration : http://boallen.com/fps-compare.html, 
  these `` news '' are almost a year old . 
  i get it , news outlets need to keep up the drama , but could we stop upvoting these bullshit stories to the front page ? 
  there is a mod that lets you use an actual lightsaber, 
  ninja edit : http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/3174, 
  i think we misunderstood the quest . 
  you do n't have to go in . 
  well you do , but not completely . 
  it says `` ride '' ... 
  exactly . 
  you are the product google sells . 
  the custumers are the guys that pay for the ads . 
  it 's two different systems , even though they 're located in the same place . 
  that 's like expecting gas to be free because you paid for the car . 
  no , not really . 
  what you said is like saying that we use the same system for breathing and pumping blood , since they 're both in the chest . 
  sold for kerosene . 
  is no matches , cold anyway . 
  if he wanted war , he would go ahead and attack . 
  actually , lots of countries have this problem . 
  well , i prefer to let this one slide . 
  believing this may be bad for education , but it 's good for health . 
  sure , it 's caused by a virus , not by temperature , but there is an obvious correlation . 
  there are a few ideas why , my favorite is that when your nose is cold it gets less blood , which means it gets less white blood cells , which means there 's nothing stopping the virus . 
  then how come i usually get a cold when i 'm outside for a long time in winter ? 
  this is an interesting hypothesis , but it 's not the only one , to be honest nobody knows the real reason why we get colds in winter . 
  the witcher 2 . 
  it has two different ( like for realsies different ) storylines , what you get depends on your choices in the game . 
  so if you do n't play it a second time , it 's like you have n't really finished it . 
  lithuanian here , knew this from 10th grade history . 
  and i did n't really pay attention in history , so i guess this is common knowledge . 
  since when do you need sources when stating your opinion ? 
  i never said `` this is exactly what causes colds and it 's 100 % true '' , it 's just one of many hypotheses . 
  as opposed to what other kind of assassin ? 
  it 's a dark brotherhood thing, 
  you got that backwards . 
  e = m * v ^ 2 / 2 notice how the velocity is squared , which means the faster you 're going , the more kinetic energy one extra mph adds . 
  because it 's impossible to learn a language , right ? 
  it 's my second language too , and i consider myself to be more or less a master of it . 
  ( ok , i may be biased here . 
  also , it would be super awkward if somebody points out a mistake in this post ) it 's really not that hard . 
  most of internet pages and communities that are in my native language suck big time . 
  i watch movies in english , i read news and other stuff in english , i discuss things in english forums , hell , i probably use english more than my native language . 
  it took me about 4 years to get to this level . 
  sounds like the us found an excuse to increase defenses against china and russia , and china found an excuse to advise them against it . 
  i really do n't think usa gives a fuck about north korea 's miss-iles .
