  20 , lithuanian . 
  it is n't anything like english . 
  let us know as soon you find one, 
  and for you as well . 
  choooo chooooo, 
  we 're going down , baby . 
  all the way down . 
  pics or did n't happen, 
  iirc , credit goes to jimmy carr, 
  sounds like you need a hug, 
  sounds like bullshit , but better safe than sorry i guess . 
  it 's not like emptying the recycle bin is a huge effort . 
  can someone eli5 how do people who think like that ever get married ? 
  i ca n't imagine marrying someone without having sex first ... 
  actually , handjobs . 
  you can get an std from a blowjob . 
  you 're not saying it right, 
  download as much of wikipedia as i can . 
  no idea how , i guess i 'd have to figure something out . 
  yeah , they 're total assholes . 
  i mean , what kind of an asshole does n't humor a guy who did n't read the fucking article , but still wanted to comment it . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  damn , only got 50mbps . 
  well , let 's hope i get the interesting half . 
  '' ... the right of the people to keep and arm bears . . '', 
  like that holy bomb or something in worms games, 
  depression is not `` feeling sad '' , it 's a fucking illness . 
  if you really have it , take the drugs , there 's no other way . 
   it 's a dark brotherhood thing, 
  sit back and watch future historians and conspiracy theorists digging through old documents , trying to find the brotherhood . 
  think of it as extreme weight loss . 
  too bad the igun is only compatible with ibullets , which are 50 $ each . 
  with smart-aim and tilt-to-shoot . 
  uglyness is not something you measure in si units . 
  you ca n't be ugly by yourself , you can only be ugly compared to other objects/people . 
  the answer to your question is `` no '' . 
  we must destroy the ring, 
  - sasha grey, 
  final countdown for north korea, 
  panda steak, 
  it does n't matter how good she 's feeling . 
  saying `` 80 years young '' sounds , and is , retarded . 
  i wonder why nobody ever says `` x years young '' when talking about people who are actually young , it 's always the old folks . 
  sounds like good old denial . 
  you should stop rationalising that denial and get over the facts . 
  most common complications are hearth problems and diabetes . 
  and by `` heart problems '' i do n't mean that you 'll feel just fine and then suddenly , bam , heart attack and you 're dead . 
  no , that would actually be good . 
  it 's more like for the last ~ 10 or more years of your life , you 'll have to sit down and rest each time you walk across the room . 
   face fuck that spider , or be doomed, 
  ftfy, 
  double recessive ? 
  as opposed to what other kind of recessive ? 
  i believe there is an extremely high chance of another sentient species existing . 
  humans finding it ? 
  no , not really . 
  unless we somehow kick einstein in the dick and invent faster-than-light travel . 
  his sister has it as well, 
  pretty much any bullshit item will be worth a lot if you hang on to it long enough . 
  `` wow , you got one of those pencil things from 21st century !? 
  how many millions did this cost ? '', 
  `` substance x is used when manufacturing rubber . 
  this company puts it in food !, 
  that must be bad , there 's no way it 's harmless , right ? 
  right ? '', 
  i also hate it when some idiot thinks he/she ( usually she though ) knows more about what drugs to take than a doctor , because ( s ) he had a kid who tended to get sick a lot . 
  `` this guy is gon na kill someone . 
  any day now '', 
  some browsing history from today : zyklon b , gas chambers , lethal injections , medieval torture methods , etc. . . 
  whoever had water, 
  i do n't know , but my guess would be that artificial snow may fuck with results . 
  we 're out of lubricant , luke , use the force . 
  bear unit ? 
  that thief is pretty much fucked . 
  it should be on one of those toolbars you installed, 
  for the lazy, 
  they do n't give a damn about your health or willpower . 
  it 's all about covering their costs . 
  if you weigh more , it costs more to lift you up , you ca n't convice the engine to use less fuel because your bmi is normal . 
  not really . 
  it 's crap compared to dragonscale with your own enchantments . 
  with animals it makes sense that the strongest pass on their genes , because strenght is what keeps them alive . 
  humans are waaaay past that , we do n't need physical strenght anymore , so if we let the strongest/meanest people pass on their genes ignoring how smart they are , that would be a big step back . 
  edit : wow , looks like reddit is really butthurt about this . 
  it 's a legitimate question imo , no need to get so angry . 
  looks like most commenters did n't ever read the whole post ... 
   bullies are people who have suffered abuse somewhere else, 
  yeah , sometimes they are , but it 's not nearly a universal truth . 
  how the fuck are they a fraud ? 
  you know what it is , if you do n't like it - do n't watch it . 
  do you honestly think every single person who has ever watched a 3d movie was scammed ? 
  the first thing i thought about was the symbol for an oblivion gate in the elder scrolls iv . 
  though there is a pretty big difference . 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis /, 
  i like black homour , i like their jokes . 
  i fucking hate it when they bring their insensitive comments to other parts of reddit and then proudly show them there ( where they always get to frontpage ) . 
  it even violates one of their rules , but looks like the mods do n't give a fuck . 
  edit : example http://www.reddit.com/r/imgoingtohellforthis/comments/1bkzmp/i_thought_it_was_quite_a_clever_comment/, 
  maybe you 're right , but posting it again in another subreddit would be much faster and simplier than arguing here . 
  you 're probably opening old wounds here .
