  yeah , this starks = seven gods idea has been mention in here a few times . 
  but i always had a problem with rickon = smith . 
  literally the only reason why that god is assigned to that person is that it 's the only god left for him , and that 's just ... 
  i do n't know , weak . 
  it sounds a bit forced . 
  i prefer to think that rickon does n't represent any of them . 
  he does n't really have any personality , he does n't do anything , and his direwolf is named after a type of story in which nothing happens . 
  the smith is a god of work . 
  it would seem fitting to assign him to the one member of the family who has to earn his title and respect through hard work , because nobody is going to just give him anything for having a cool last name . 
  nobody would let him make that choice . 
  p&q or d&e simply is n't going to happen , no matter what he wants . 
  source : hbo is not run by retards, 
  since when does owning ip mean that you can force somebody against their will to make a tv show from your work ? 
  he can stop them from making more seasons , he ca n't make them film stuff that they do n't want to . 
  yeah , i do that . 
  it 's on purpose . 
  that 's how you drink boiling-hot drinks without burning your mouth . 
  * sigh * not this shit again, 
  the electromagnetic radiation from electronic devices is not powerful enough to mutate any of your cells . 
  not from a cell phone , not from a laptop , not even from a microwave . 
  unless you have a laptop with a built-in nuclear reactor , this is not an issue . 
  what * is * an issue however , is something much more simple . 
  heat . 
  sperm does n't like heat . 
  an mp3 player, 
  well , as i said , if you 're a male , it can hurt your fertility . 
  i 'm not aware of any other damage it might do . 
  well , i guess if your laptop is old and/or neglected of maintenance , it might get hot enough to give you 1st degree burns . 
  well , [ mine ] ( http://cdn2.sbnation.com/products/large/1060/done-creative-zen-style-m300.jpg?1313605118 ) definitely is, 
  legal does not equal normal . 
  bombed a bunch of refugees with white phosphorus, 
  ladies and gentelmen , i present you the bravest man ever . 
  there 's definitely a sex joke here , but i 'm too lazy to think of it, 
  the feelings of another person are not a game , and you should n't try to get a high score by saying `` right '' things . 
  tell them how you feel . 
  how is surviving a surgery an achivement ? 
  you had absolutely no influence on the outcome . 
  the main fault that i see with your idea is that valyrian steel looks different . 
  we 've seen many characters describing the `` ripples '' , that do n't exist in regular steel . 
  somebody would 've noticed . 
  [ this ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/58/ ) xkcd explains it really well, 
  i guess that 's a huge improvement over last season 's an hour 's worth of screen time of torture porn featuring reek . 
  not fast enough , we should just bury him without killing, 
  seems like they tried to make it funny . 
  they failed . 
  prologue chapters are n't named, 
  i have no idea , try messaging them, 
   the oil should be changed every 3-5k miles, 
  unless your car was built in the 80s , that 's bullshit . 
  most modern cars can run 7k-10k with synthetic oil , sometimes even up to 15k . 
  check your manual , it should say what 's right for your model . 
  hot dogs as well, 
  well , they do add an hour of sunlight . 
  there may not be any economical advantages , but personally i enjoy sunlight . 
  medical research needs to happen . 
  we could do it with animals , or without them . 
  the last time somebody did research on a large scale without any animals , the dude ended up losing a world war , so it 's considered bad luck . 
  here 's a good rule of thumb regarding any kind of insurance or extended warranty : it is worth it if you would get bankrupted by things going wrong . 
  if you are capable to pay for the potential problem , then insurance is not a good idea . 
  meh , i prefer apng files, 
  https://ssl.reddit.com/prefs/friends/ to subscribe, 
  and then http://www.reddit.com/r/friends/comments/ to read the newsletter, 
  op is a fa ... irly decent person, 
  oh c'mon , it 's not like you have to climb mount everest to see it . 
  if you 're truly interested , there 's probably nothing stopping you . 
   perfectly executed . 
  everybody 's linking you to / r/gameofthrones , but i 've got a better one , / r/hbogameofthrones . 
  their spoilers policy is much more strict , books simply do n't exist in there . 
  a person who has read the books gets banned if they say as much as `` hello '' on a thread tagged with speculation flair . 
  if you do n't wan na get spoiled , that 's the subreddit to be in . 
  it 's legal . 
  i ca n't remember which country was it , but i 've heard ( from a credible person ) of very patriotic folks who burned their own flag after it was `` disrespected '' ( it touched the ground ) . 
  regarding `` this box '' , you do n't have to put anything in there . 
  if your title does n't require clarification , you can just leave it blank . 
  carl drago !, 
  the dude who married kelly c back in season 1 . 
  hm ... that 's almost 11k soldiers . 
  it ultimately depends on how good they are ( 11k special forces dudes could do a lot more than 11k fresh conscripts ) , but i 'd probably just end up supporting ukraine . 
  close , but no . 
  sounds like you need professional help, 
  as for the question in your title , yes it is very possible . 
  it 's a bit weird how our memories work . 
  basically , when you remember something , you are remembering the last time when you remembered it , instead of the actual event . 
  it is practically impossible to recall something many times without altering the memory . 
  admin pls respond, 
  the thing about jammers is that they can be turned off . 
  which is precisely what would happen if there was an emergency during an exam . 
  have you ever seen that kind of a jammer ? 
  it 's a phone-sized device that lies on a desk . 
  you do n't need a top-secret code to disable it , just press a button . 
  `` whoever has jammer powers '' is literally anyone who can reach it . 
  and in case nobody in the room can do that ( let 's say the ceiling collapses or something ) - it does n't really matter because they 're not powerful enough to jam anything outside . 
   a mental condition that affects millions of people 's lives . 
  yup , sounds about right, 
  please tell me you made full use of this opportunity and handcuffed him . 
  i die a little every time the offense leaves our base in danger zone without taking the rolling bomb that 's lying 3 tiles away from them . 
  and it happens more often than not . 
  get out of here with your logic, 
  randomly plays annoying music if you have more than 5 tabs open, 
  yes , there is .
