  lol , at first glance i though he was makin a pun with some spell from harry potter, 
  `` do you swear to love her until death parts you ? '', 
  `` lol , sure , whatever '', 
  i thought she was gon na say `` no , i ca n't pull this off , it 's stuck '', 
  the best reason to not not have children is not wanting to have children . 
  making what probably is the single most important decision in your life based on social `` norms '' is stupid . 
  also , / r/childfree, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  no we do n't . 
  mostly because we 're not that stupid . 
  i turn right , because that is the instinct of a driver . 
  i acted on instinct , because i did n't have time to read the conditions due to a car coming at me head on :p, 
  technicalities aside , i 'm gon na go with turning left, 
  cut out a moustache shape out of a post-it note , stick in on your monitor and watch a movie . 
  drink every time the moustache fits on a character . 
  / r/doesnottranslate /, 
   i have to wait until i 'm blind so it does n't squeak, 
  i think you need a new pair of wipers tbh, 
  there are millions of people with great dreams and plans of changing their life , and very few actually working on them . 
  the key is to actually do shit , it does n't have to be big or complicated . 
  dedicating 30 minutes a day to self-improvement goes a long way if you keep it up . 
  well , that would depend on your goal . 
  recently my 30 minutes are spent reading . 
  i do n't play anymore though, 
  voted, 
  trivia crack, 
  hundreds of examples both in history and today show that reality would be exactly the opposite of what you described, 
  pls at least learn the full thing :, 
  night gathers , and now my watch begins . 
  it shall not end until my death . 
  i shall take no wife , hold no lands , father no children . 
  i shall wear no crowns and win no glory . 
  i shall live and die at my post . 
  i am the sword in the darkness . 
  i am the watcher on the walls . 
  i am the fire that burns against the cold , the light that brings the dawn , the horn that wakes the sleepers , the shield that guards the realms of men . 
  i pledge my life and honor to the night 's watch , for this night and all the nights to come . 
  they cut it shorter for the show , check my edit, 
  `` an from the earth '' , by overture . 
  i was bullied into memorizing it by this quiz : http://www.sporcle.com/games/vespinito/taking-the-black, 
  that mostly depends on where you live . 
  i know a few people who have licences , have more than enough cash to get a car , but ride the bus anyway because it 's a much faster way to get to work . 
  ask them if they can help with your new batch of uruk-hai, 
  nobody really knows why they add the sir , it 's just a tradition of the family , started a few hundred years ago by sir cumcision, 
  i think there was a similar post recently , could be that, 
  i love how there are mostly two types of girls in that picture :, 
  1 ) girls whose tits you 'd want to see, 
  2 ) girls who are showing their tits . 
  lithuanian here . 
  things i was taught about : columbus , the wars against indians , independence , the date of your constitution ( ca n't remember it by now though ) , the civil war , wwii ( including the pacific theater ) , cold war , and 9/11 ( this was only a few years after it happened , but it already made it 's way to the history textbooks ) . 
  nothing went into much detail , just a general understanding of what and when happened, 
  i did n't take the advanced history course in 11th-12th grade , so others might know more . 
  recycle them . 
  `` small step for ... what the fuck is that ??? '', 
  spoon and fork, 
  i often do this if somebody talks to me while i 'm driving, 
  you know who else had a reputation to maintain ? 
  anything that `` packs a punch '' will result in a lot of vomiting . 
  hell , even a small amount of chicken likely will . 
   life is like a box of chocolates, 
  it does n't last as long for fat people, 
   alone : talk [ at ] ive, 
  umm ... how ? 
  an inside joke shared by millions of people, 
  some sociologists think that society can not exist without any religion ; though in this context , the word `` religion '' was used for lack of a better one and has a much broader meaning than usually , e.g. 
  equal rights , nazism , or the unquestionable importance of sandwiches can do the trick . 
  does it ? 
  ask yourself : if your daughter had sex before marriage , would you execute her ? 
  if your answer is `` no '' , then you 're ignoring the moral code of the bible ( and pretty much every other scripture out there ), 
  ate a bit less , moved a bit more . 
  it 's a shame , but this method really is unconventional, 
  believing in god, 
  that looks surprisingly realistic for a holywood fight scene, 
  `` yogurt is made from pasteurised milk that yogurt is made from . '', 
  well , ca n't argue with that, 
  good luck !, 
  what is the test about ? 
  edit : woooooooo , cakeday, 
  got the magnet ? 
   give zero fucks . 
  the most important part, 
  awww :(, 
  thanks, 
  well , you did a lot better than i did, 
  spent the evening at home , alone , reading . 
  when you 're talking about dating , that 's about as bad as it gets :p, 
  do you have spotify ? 
  plenty of nice well-categorised playlists . 
  my favorite for studying is peaceful piano ( not a fan in other situations , but i ca n't listen to anything with lyrics and think at the same time ), 
  well , it 's only been 2 months since the end of a 2-year relationship , so i 'm not really in a rush . 
  the weird thing is though , despite having that relationship i ca n't say i 've ever been on a date, 
  you know why grrm would n't be able to kill himself ? 
  he 'd die of old age before he could finish the note . 
  heated car mirrors ftw, 
  that is entirely correct , yet entirely unrelated to what he 's talking about . 
  check the comment he 's replying to, 
  on one hand , you 're an asshole, 
  on the other hand , you might have a point there ... 
   mirri maz durr never actually told dany she was barren,
