  edit : btw , you have a very fitting name . 
  tagged you as `` for realsies reasonable '', 
  i 'm not sure if it was just my school , or a country-wide education policy , but the weight ! = mass thing was repeatedly hammered into our heads , to the point where even most of the `` dumb '' kids understood the difference very well . 
  that does n't seem to help with this particular problem though , people still get confused . 
  that 's nice of you to say , but judging the entire system system on this one thing does n't seem accurate  we have our problems, 
  also , is it just me , or is this conversation slowly turning into the [ ending of a phone call ? 
  i see you gave up on saying `` what '', 
  it 's a joke, 
  your what now ? 
  that 's probably exactly what happened here . 
  `` fuck the actual location of the trees , we got ta build it like the plan says . '', 
  the sad part is , they * do * have to build it like the plan says, 
  yes , m'lord, 
  really ? 
   i like to point out that everyone ~ ~ that got a raise ~ ~ has a their bloodline questioned at one point or another by fans of the book and this subreddit . 
  yeah , but it 's not like they tried to make ep9 a climax and failed . 
  both before and during the airing of season 4 there were dozens of statements from d&d and others `` warning '' people that the season would not have a definitive climax , but rather several smaller `` omgwtf '' moments . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  what the hell does `` taught '' mean ( other than the past tense of `` teach '' , which i 'm pretty sure is not what you meant ) ? 
  anyways , it 's pretty much impossible to tell without an x-ray . 
  if i were to guess , i 'd say it 's not broken , because you can still move it . 
  could be a microfracture though . 
  thanks, 
  related : i recently found out that the saying `` it 's like riding a bike '' is false . 
  keeping one stable after a 10-year pause is ... 
  difficult . 
  no , we call sections `` paragraphs '', 
  ca n't speak for all european languages , but no , there 's another word for `` paragraph '', 
  same thing just happened to me 2 times in 3 days . 
  i * think * it happens after a system shutdown ( everything 's fine if you standby ) , i 'm gon na test that in a minute . 
  - res version : 4.5.2, 
  - browser : firefox, 
  - browser version : 33, 
  - cookies enabled : true, 
  - night mode : false, 
  - platform : windows, 
  add-ons :, 
  - adblock plus 2.6.5, 
  - adblock plus pop-up addon 0.9.2, 
  - web of trust, 
  ok , firefox updated to 33.0.2 just before i could do the testing , and i 'm not sure if the problem still exists . 
  things i tried :, 
  closing firefox, 
  ending firefox.exe process, 
  putting computer to sleep, 
  rebooting, 
  rebooting with firefox open ( force shutdown ), 
  result : no bug, 
  via a text message . 
  lots of people write down breaking up with a text as a cowardly/unmanly/etc . 
  thing , but i would n't have it any other way . 
  i 'm not interested in seeing or hearing her cry , and i 'm pretty sure at that point she does n't want me to either . 
  you better deliver, 
  what ? 
  adjust the scope to compensate for wind, 
  except for , you know , the media . 
  how does it work ? 
  more like , no retarded deed goes unpunished, 
  ^ ( that should probably be in the subreddit description . ), 
  unless that is superman in disguise , i do n't see how that is possible . 
  he might have avoided a kick in the head , but he 'd still get knocked down . 
  `` i die alone '', 
  ** `` you are correct '' **, 
  ok , i feel a bit silly now . 
  what 's pixel art ? 
  alright , thanks !, 
  nope , we 're too large for that . 
  there are two kinds of creatures without skeletons : small ones and those who live underwater . 
  i do n't get the people who always pick the newest model of q-tips available . 
  i mean , sure , the new style looks a bit better , but does that really matter so much ? 
  they do n't perform nearly as well as the older ones !, 
  yeah , that 's exactly what happened when i went for a beer on my 18th birthday . 
  got my id out , but nobody gave a fuck about it :(, 
  putting emergency lights and sirens on my car . 
  my commute would not only get a lot shorter , but also a million times more fun . 
   due to a solar storm, 
  there is a second side to this law of physics , which is very often overlooked : any surface that is good at absorbing rays is also good at emitting them . 
  black clothes are warmer if you 're in the sun , but if you 're in a shade ( or , you know , in the middle of a century without sunlight ) , white clothes would be the warmest . 
   somewhere in the country, 
  * the world, 
  1 % of accounts have 99 % of the karma . 
  why would he have to be a blackfyre ? 
  to be honest , i think there 's no way in hell the show will get into the whole blackfyre mess . 
  regardless of who aegon turns out to be in the books , d&d are not bringing up a complicated storyline that happened decades before the events of their show . 
  correct , except for the salt . 
  it is corrosive ( so wash your cars often in winter or they 'll rust ) , but not to asphalt, 
  yeah , but you ca n't ship the gas via fedex . 
  we can get the gas elsewhere , but that first requires many years and many millions ( maybe even billions ) to build the infrastructure for transporting it . 
  those boats ca n't unload their gas if there are no terminals . 
  from their faq :, 
   while we welcome questions about mysterious objects you may have found , you should also try asking about them in r/whatisthisthing . 
  they have a much better track record !, 
  so , maybe as a last resort, 
  hey / u/questionplz2 , how 's it going ? 
   gazprom announced, 
  of course they did, 
  lithuanian here . 
  our gas and heating prices were reduced by about 20 % just before the ship arrived . 
  so i 'm not sure how , but it 's working, 
  i saw one with a retractable tv antenna .
