  my view on westeros politics changed a lot . 
  seems like the stark is just as much of a douche as the rest of them , and the only person who 's doing something useful seems to be melisandre . 
  the realm needs to unite , right now , and the best ( the only ? ), 
  way to do it is with the help of a god , especially when said god is lord of what kills wights . 
  i probably should have realised that earlier though . 
  joffrey is obviously mentally ill , probably with the same thing that got the mad king . 
  probably the same cause of disease , too . 
  before there was some tact to his cruelties , now he 's become much more straightforward with it . 
  he 's not totally lost , since he did n't chop tyrion 's head off , but it 's advancing . 
  either he will die soon , or everyone else around him will . 
  probably it 's him , because i * really * do n't think the ceremony with gendry 's blood and leeches was just for show . 
  regarding sam - he just came across a discovery that could be a very serious gamechanger up in the north . 
  let 's just hope he manages to pass on that information . 
  the dagger he dropped was n't the only one , they found a good bunch of it at the fist of the first men . 
  so him leaving it behind does n't matter much , as long as he informs people . 
  edit : sorry about the book stuff http://25.media.tumblr.com/a179a1d48825c4033e3e45415efff16a/tumblr_mg3px5gfrj1rbqgo6o1_500.gif, 
  it 's just a minor detail , i do n't see how it could count as spoiler, 
  meh , i 've seen worse . 
  i 'd say this is better than most tbh . 
  editted, 
  what i said was the equivalent of saying that one of the kings will eat cake some time in s04 ( for the record , i do n't know if they will , i 've only read the books seasons 1 and 2 are based on ) . 
  yes , i should n't have done that , but it 's nothing to be mad about . 
  you should n't pay much attention to how that assasin looked . 
  here 's why : http://youtu.be/kbv0uolx8jm?t=2m33s, 
  and yet he knows full well the name of the crypt college of winterhold is currently exploring . 
  he also knows about some weird boy in winhelm and many other minor rumors . 
  you 'd think the news of a new archmage or harbinger of companions would arrive even quicker . 
  1 ) i get it . 
  i 've already edited the post and apologised , what else do you want ? 
  i just do n't get what the rage is all about . 
  2 ) as already stated , i do n't have any clue what 's going to happen . 
  the thing i mentioned happened back in season 2 . 
  or maybe even season 1 . 
  not sure . 
  sooo , where is he ? 
  we 're waiting . 
  probably because there were like 15 people worldwide using that format . 
  1 ) they dry quicker, 
  2 ) they 're guaranteed not to become see-though when wet, 
  3 ) men 's bathing shorts usually go an extra step to make sure your junk does n't fall out of them , which is n't really needed for underwear . 
  there 's also some string in them that acts like a belt , to make sure you wo n't loose them when diving . 
  4 ) different style , many people consider underwear to be private . 
  that 's all i can think of , there 's probably some other stuff, 
  taking mjoll on a thieves guild quest ... gee , i wonder what her problem is . 
  til shirts are ruined when you splash some clean water on them, 
  to be honest , none . 
  i put my cellphone on the floor near the bed , i leave the not-important-for-waking-up stuff somewhere else in the room . 
  well , depends on them . 
  if my so drank the truth serum i 'd probably go hiking for a day or two . 
  why would i want to know ? 
  yeah , looks like crap . 
  then again , i would n't connect my computer or any of my accounts in any way to a computer that has a 60gb log file from an unknown toolbar ... 
  also why you start tripping when you unroll one . 
  it 's the smell . 
  i did the damn purification , i think i can manage one assassin, 
  and then write down the url on a piece of paper ? 
  [ dude ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:flaming_familiar ), 
  that stupid wiki needs to die as soon as possible, 
  als ' o mild ` ly infu ` riating : random ` ly p ` laced apo ` stro ` phe 's, 
  forgot how to brain ... 
  no , they are not normal and there is definitely at least one thing wrong with them . 
  how the fuck can you say there 's nothing wrong with a group of people when that group is defined as having a certain physical disorder ? 
  now that does n't make them stupid , it does n't mean they should have less rights or anything . 
  being deaf is n't a disaster , but if a deaf person thinks an extra sense would n't benefit him , he 's either brainwashed or just dumb . 
  trained both restoration and destruction to 100 in no-time . 
  flames in one hand , healing in the other , cast both at shadowmere . 
  now here 's the best part : this method , like many similar methods , requires you to stand there like an idiot pressing down a button . 
  so what you do is , place something heavy on the buttons and go drink some tea . 
  it helps if you 're on pc , because then you can bind whatever keys you find most comfortable for this , but i suppose it must be possible to do this with a console as well . 
  that 's also how i got quite a few block levels . 
  find a draugr , place something on the block button , mute the game , go do something else for a while . 
  you mentioned that dogs are more loyal . 
  well , that 's the point . 
  a dog seems like a mindless servant that will do whatever you tell him to do . 
  a cat will do what he wants to do and wo n't care one bit about your commands . 
  this makes them feel more like a real person with a real personality than dogs . 
  most sports cars are only really useful for enjoyment , they 're terribly impractical for everyday use . 
  high fuel consuption , very little room , very little cushioning so you feel every bump on the road , etc. 
  bottom line , you should only get one as your second car . 
  then again , some cars are really fast without all these problems . 
  usually those are very expensive . 
  it 's about how much you learn . 
  when you 're a kid , everything is new and exciting , so you remember all of it . 
  when you get older , a lot of your experiences are pretty much identical to ones you already had ( like driving to the same workplace in the same car listening to same radio station for the 1000th time ) , so your brain does n't try to remember that experience , because it is useless . 
  you end up having less memories from 1 year ago than from 10 years ago , which makes you feel like that last year passed quicker . 
  avoiding sugar because there is n't enough sugar in your blood ? 
  i 'm no expert , but it does n't sound right . 
  you might wan na double-check that ( preferably with another doctor , not with someone on reddit ), 
  yeah , it likely is a gateway drug . 
  the solution is to make it legal . 
  the only thing that makes it a gateway drug is that it 's illegal . 
  if you use one illegal drug , why not another ? 
  if we made alcohol illegal , beer would quickly become as much of a gateway drug as marijuana is today . 
  the problem is n't in marijuana , it 's in our laws/culture . 
  this may have to do something with the fact that stem knowledge is much more objective . 
  if you 're taking an exam in physics , you ca n't write the opposite of newton 's laws and then argue that it 's correct . 
  in some non-stem fields you can pretty much do that and get a good grade if your reasoning is good enough . 
  this makes it seem like you do n't have to know anything , you just need to be able to build a decent argument . 
  that 's not really correct , because you have to know * a lot * to properly challenge something . 
  i used to be a traumatologist , but then i got tired of you guys showing up with knee injuries every damn day .
