  yup , exactly the same killing , down to the whispering . 
  there 's no way that scene was intended as a substitution for the inn fight . 
   of the westerlands . 
  you 'd have to be pretty stupid to get prosecuted for that . 
  just tell them that you saw a deer on the road and wanted to warn people . 
  they ca n't prove that you did n't . 
  yup . 
  you might even go with `` oops , i went to scratch my head , and my hand accidently caught on the lever . 
  no need to look it up tbh , it 's quite simple to test, 
   not sure the treason for blood has happened yet , but we 'll see . 
  i 'm pretty sure she will burn the shit out of her `` children '' in mereen , so she can be like `` hey guys , now i 'm a totally legit targ , amrite ? '', 
  blood as in bloodline . 
  it does n't, 
  or that killing someone is not his mission . 
  maybe they sent him to retrieve a book or some shit . 
  there 's no target , but you can kill someone if you need to . 
  this is n't , so ... 
  dude , there 's no way they 'll kill benjen, 
  then give him some, 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't give you specifics , but there was a comparison of the details of red wedding and the vision . 
  basically , they do n't match at all , suggesting another similar event . 
  how does that even work ? 
  maybe . 
  that 's why he said `` there 's good evidence '' , instead of `` it is known '', 
  the pin on my mom 's phone is only known to one person . 
  and no , that person is not my mom . 
  is that really a problem ? 
  it does , but not more than an 8-year-old king, 
  how would you even melt a blowtorch ? 
   insert `` just the tip '' ~ ~ joke ~ ~ here . 
  6 % to be exact . 
  however , there are cities and regions where russians are the majority , so it 's very easy to justify an invasion to those regions ( we 're just protecting our own !, 
  awesome , let 's do this, 
  are you a character in the dragon-fucking mmorpg ? 
  nope, 
  pretty bad , but not without hurting itself pretty badly . 
  most of russia 's money comes from its resources ( oil , gas , coal , steel , wood , etc. ), 
  if we all agreed not to buy anything from russia , they 'd be fucked , but so would we . 
  technically they do n't have a monopoly of anything , so it 's possible , but still . . 
  everything ? 
  sriracha and a dildo ? 
  that 's the joke, 
  only the original 90 's kids will get it, 
  i love you so much and you are my hero , could you please ackowledge meeeeeeee ? 
  there , perfect . 
  even has the benefit of technically being an actual question . 
  all players will be flaired once the player roster is final . 
  people are allowed to trade houses at the moment , so we 're not assigning any flairs to avoid possible mistakes and/or confusion, 
  i 'm afraid crazedmongoose is kinda like grrm when it comes to deadlines , 
  i see you 've never been camping . 
  there 's a hundred ways to open a can . 
  what if you used a spork ? 
  i hate to be ... oh who am i kidding , i love to be that guy . 
  grammar police here , that 's not how you use `` i.e. '', 
  i was laughing for a good 5 minutes , because i was looking at the sword with a confused expression on my face and my head slightly tilted , and then i realised i looked exactly like joffrey, 
  hmm , good point, 
  i 'm not sure what i am anymore . 
  heh , seems like you 're searching for strategies to use once the show passes the books :p, 
  i read the books after season 3 . 
  before that , i was using this sub for my speculations and discussions . 
  looking back at some of the predictions i made ... lol . 
  anyway , this sub is great . 
  at least it used to be , we 'll see how it goes after the loss of 2 mods . 
  nobody ever spoiled me here , and not for lack of trying . 
  all spoilers get deleted really freaking quick . 
  some assholes harvest this sub for names , then pm people spoilers . 
  there are suggestions to use an alternative account for this sub and nver check the mail on it , but i think that 's a bit too much . 
  i actually got pm ` ed about the [ season 3 ] ( / s `` red wedding '' ) , but i guess i was sleepy or something and the message did n't sink in . 
  that covers reddit . 
  for all the other places ... well , i do n't read youtube comments , and it has nothing to do with spoilers , they 're just not worth reading . 
  do n't friend assholes on facebook . 
  i 'm not sure about twitter or 9gag , as i do n't use either . 
  regarding articles and other internet stuff , well , that depends on how badly you do n't wan na get spoiled . 
  personally , i used to avoid any articles that had anything to do with got , and was successful . 
  oh , i almost forgot . 
  not . 
  read . 
  any . 
  i actually fucked up on that one and accidently found out who is the [ book stuff , should be safe to see anyway , quite cryptic ] ( / s `` 998 '' ) , although to be honest i do n't think it would 've been a surprise anyway . 
  * start reading *, 
  * hmm . . this is interesting *, 
  * heh , that would be cool *, 
   for he is azor ahai, 
  ... goddamnit , seriously ? 
  well , he 's going to train cersei 's `` it 's complicated '', 
  that sounds perfect for a military exercise, 
  pls deliver, 
  no , you 're right , his left, 
  it may seem complicated , but at the end of the day it all comes down to supply and demand . 
  the amount of people who are able and willing to do the job vs. the amount of people needed . 
   your submission was removed from iama . 
  iama 's should focus on something uncommon that plays a central role in your life or a truly unique and interesting event . 
  -- karmanaut, 
   maybe it 's genetic ? 
  why , is your sister related to a skunk ? 
  really ? 
  i did n't notice . 
   my ~ ~ bets ~ ~ hopes are on the latter, 
  i am honestly surprised that it 's already been an hour since you wrote this and there 's no drama yet, 
  do you work for cosmo ?
