  looks like a joke, 
  voting is haram in islam as democracy is haram , there should be no law or authority other than allah 's . 
  exactly . 
  the entire point of democracy is that it 's what the people want , for better or worse . 
  and i commend cameron for standing up for that even with his job threatened by it . 
  has nationalising the railways got vocal enough support for a referendum ? 
  and the eurosceptics could n't vote their party into power because 1 ) most eurosceptics already had their party in power 2 ) our rather undemocratic fptp system, 
   david cameron is arguably the worst prime minister in history for opening this pandora 's box so casually !, 
  david cameron actually listened to the demands of the people . 
  i 'll always respect him for that , he could have told the eurosceptics to fuck off and not given the people the choice , but in true democratic fashion the people decided the issue . 
  democracy won , and i 'm incredibly pleased our country had the balls to fight on the side of democracy . 
  yeah but that does n't make him a fascist . 
  fascism is actually a political ideology , and not a synonym for `` poopyhead '' . 
  they 're not russian anymore ? 
  do you honestly think they 're fascist ? 
  i feel like america would be a lot worse if there were that many fascists in it . 
  what , german ? 
  i just do n't see how the russians trying to keep syria stable is destabilising it ? 
  to be fair to russians , the syrian war is not their fault . 
  that was an american backed coup which russia just helped assas to fight . 
  before the coup there was no influx of people from syria , no isis , etc. 
  you may find his screeching amusing , but to me it 's just annoying . 
  you 're being pretty hysterical dude . 
  right down to the immediate hitler references like 1 comment in . 
  chill . 
  vasil levski is a national hero of bulgaria, 
  stop being so hysterical , if someone that calls themselves right wing suddenly starts doing insanely leftist stuff , people are justified calling them left wing . 
  it 's like adding leon degrelles up there ffs . 
  if king leopold is up there , put leon degrelles in too ... 
  i think this was probably * embellishment *, 
  it should be the other way around , mould should be the green stuff and mold should be the basis for items to be shaped in . 
  i somehow doubt they will just sit there unused forever . 
  you owe me 5 euros mate, 
  [ they had masturbating machines that masturbated you to death too !, 
  ] ( https://fuhrerious88blog.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/img_8487.jpg?w=640 ), 
  english keyboards can not into fancy letters, 
  to be fair , russia probably is fine because they have millions of tons of natural resources they have n't even dug up yet in their country . 
  just hire some militias to keep you safe , what could go wrong ? 
  i 'm not sure if we can count cavemen as capitalists, 
  according to some survivors , concentration camps did actually have rollercoasters . 
  canadians literally fuck their dogs dude . 
  it 's legal over there , they must be smoking some bad maple syrup or something , ignore him . 
  how dare they not like being poor !, 
  racists !, 
  if capitalism falls then the replacement will be trading berries for sticks most likely . 
   words are pronounced as they are written . 
  pfft what a stupid way to make a language, 
  yes , now gib konigratz plz . 
  but my beloved prussians dragoons ; _ ;, 
   the bundeswehr just has a reputation of being utter shite to think it was once the most feared army in the world . 
  so you think we should have had a vote to leave the eu right after we joined ? 
  the argument ends , the shit flinging begins . 
  like clockwork . 
  two countries . 
  do n't strawman me , i think they simply missed the boat at a crucial stage of international development , and now they 're behind the curve . 
  if they were socialists they 'd still be poor and struggling to eat . 
  no , not really . 
  they have issues because they 're undeveloped and corrupt , if capitalism had this inherent flaw that caused people to starve the same would be true of the west , and it is n't . 
  hell , japan would be in the same position if it had n't rapidly westernised in the 19th and early 20th century , if anything it 's a failure to adapt to the western ideology that causes problems , not an over-adaptation to it . 
  where ? 
  yeah you are trolling . 
  i want their voice to be heard , but i do n't want to manipulate voters with voter fatigue like you seem to . 
  the key issue is cause , if a capitalist country causes a famine , blame them . 
  but usually you count a homeless person dying as capitalist murder !!!!!!, 
  which is bs, 
  horthy miklos was n't a puppet , he was leader before the war broke out , he chose to join axis . 
  it 's not a counter , just people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  it 's not an argument , you arbitrarily brought up japanese war crimes , so i pointed out that hungarians also did nasty shit in ww2 , you got mad because you lost your moral high ground . 
  you 're the one that brought it up , do n't dish it up if you ca n't take it man . 
  i 'm not scared of a second referendum , i welcome it . 
  i 'd just have it spaced out the same as the recent referendum was from the first one , to prevent voter fatigue . 
  what i do disagree with is partisans like you wanting to overturn a democratic decision just because you do n't like it , grow up for god 's sake . 
  so if the result of a vote goes against what you wanted , you think the vote should either be ignored , or retaken till you get what you want what made you such a special snowflake ? 
  ad hitlerum , how unexpected . 
   it was not a referendum it literally was , it was the eu referendum . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  these guys are heroes, 
  `` they 're different wars because different people fought them even though the same countries were involved and one was directly followed by the other '' yeah , i 'm the revisionist . 
  maybe people would be less hostile if he did n't dig holes for himself by trying to downplay terrorist attacks . 
  hilarious to see foreigners tell us that our country is not like that , when everyone here knows what goes on . 
  actually many hindus and sikhs are voting conservative now that labour has made a name for itself as the muslim party . 
  man , if only when they were naming the wars , they named them something to tell people that one continued on from the other , something like `` the continuation war '' oh wait !, 
  they did !, 
  i guess that 's a bit too hard for some people to get though . 
  i did n't change my claim , you just acceded to the fact that they 're not seperate wars because it was undeniable fact . 
  it 's part of the same series of wars , yes . 
  just like the peninsular war was part of the napoleonic wars . 
  so you also think that it 's undemocratic that we had the referendum to leave a whole 40 years after we joined ? 
  and that we should have had it sooner ? 
  the fact that you resorted to stalking my profile just says you ca n't prove me wrong . 
  okay , why do you think it was called the continuation war ? 
  maybe just by happy accident ? 
  continuation war was part of the winter war , that 's why it 's called the continuation war . 
  learn the facts before running your mouth . 
  yep , but it 's still wrong of them to u-turn . 
  you may love it when politicians lie , but most people do n't . 
  who watches the watchmen , when the watchmen are genocide deniers ? 
  i call it southern ireland to annoy the catholics . 
  who deserve the right to fair trial as much as any murderer . 
  you do n't get to deny universal human rights because they 're politically opposite from you .
