half of the population of romania in london ? 
  sounds about right . 
  the irish were british at the time , many still are . 
  who does n't love serbia ? 
  roki is my favourite artist, 
  do you want fries with that ? 
   it 's what differs us from stone age men mentality and makes us a civilization with a hope of a future . 
  come off it , you know i can actually see what you wrote , right ? 
  the geneva convention does all that ? 
  wow what did we do before the geneva convention invented civilisation ? 
  ohh he insulted me , i 'm so intimidated by the scary internet man, 
  you 're the one that wants him to go to guantanamo and get tortured rather than go to muslim heaven and get his virgins , you 're the nasty one here . 
  '' '' '' `` prisoner '' '' '' '' i suppose the more humane thing would be to send him to guantanamo bay for deacades of torture and cia ass rape, 
   the scum grunt was power tripping and killed an unarmed prisoner . 
  he 's a fucking coward and should be locked up . 
  waaaaaaa waaaaah waaaah oh no that poor terrorist oh no he cant chop peoples heads off or rape kids anymore waaaah waaaah baby cry, 
  yeah , because the people who are already boiling their prisoners alive might get upset . 
  so according to that you 're not allowed to commit violence to them . 
  hell the entire action against every terrorist everywhere is illegal !, 
  so you do n't think it 's useful because it 's true ? 
  i 'm not !, 
  why did we give in after only 113 years ? 
  if we 'd stuck it out another 113 it could have completely turned around . 
  yeah , isis are chopping all those peoples heads off because they 're so pissed over the genva conventions , that 's probably it . 
  and i 'm pretty sure you do n't realise that terrorists are n't protected dunder the conventions . 
  any enemy that feels enough compatriotism to terrorists to want to avenge `` war crimes '' against them is just as bad as the terrorists and would probbaly not follow the geneva conventions anyway . 
  because isis will burn their prisoners slightly hotter if we do n't follow geneva conventions with them ? 
  sorry if i 'm not convinced . 
  congratulations , you just described literally thousands of quotes . 
  come off it . 
  you do n't like it because the guy who said it was nasty . 
  but it 's an otherwise good quote . 
  poland is a right wing country , that means every polish person on reddit will be even more left wing than the average brainless redditor . 
  furthering putins agenda by opposing putins project to contol european energy ? 
  let me explain , the geneva conventions do not apply to the taliban or isis or any terrorist group . 
  even america does n't follow them with terrorists . 
  fuckin hell mate you just fuckin try and get them to stop cooking curry, 
  i 'm just going to point out that terrorists are n't actually beholden , and do not hold to the geneva conventions because they 're not officially soldiers . 
  isis does n't cry about breaking `` the rules '' when it burns people alive . 
   this is how i know the bbc is a good news source like how they literally made up stories about female programmers and edited a womans words to make it sound like she accused others of sexism when she did n't ? 
  i 'm still bitter about the hundred years war . 
  why did henry re-invade when he was already named heir ffs ? 
   how their only motivation was racism and hatred towards the english the racism bit is n't true , but the hatred toward the english is pretty accurate . 
  people like nicola sturgeon foster this idea that the english are oppressors and enemies of the scots . 
  it 's pretty hypocritical , we tell people to go out and kill the enemy and then lock them up when they do it . 
  it 's a pretty good quote , honestly . 
  what it says is more important than who said it . 
  first georgia , next alabama . 
  i can assure you the english did not invent * that *, 
   rule of law , universal rights , democracy , freedom of the press , all extremely recent , and not invented by europeans . 
  americans have most of that before we do . 
   fascism , totalitarianism , ultra-nationalism , colonialism , and biological racism this we invented . 
  huh , i thought it was dead , the more you know . 
  that 's stupid . 
  women enjoy being in relationships and having fun as much as men do . 
  women are n't like sexless nuns that men all take advantage of . 
  well there are other rebels but they 're pretty much doing the same thing and have the same ideas as isis, 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that being against sacrificing `` good european values '' is silly because we 've already sacrificed european values , for nicer and more tolerant ones, 
  what about when they plastered that dead kid everywhere ? 
  can you give me examples of this `` pro brexit bias '', 
  germany tells the court what to do , not the other way around . 
  that got axed a few years ago did n't it ? 
  being pro-assad makes sense for a leftist to be fair . 
  isis are doing for worse shit than he is . 
  european values ? 
  this is also a stupid argument . 
  if we look at history , european values are stubbornness , wroth , disdain , pride , intolerance , yet these are not what you mean when you say it . 
  czech republic is made of different geographical areas including silesia , bohemia and moravia . 
  dutch oven is a cooking pot and named so because dutch cooking pots were high quality and imported to britain, 
  that 's much easier than arguing against what i said , way to take the low road pal . 
  being right is n't about being fun , it 's about adhering to what is true . 
  give me the unpleasant truth over a pleasant lie any day . 
  you do n't need friends when you 're right . 
  the greek people have had a very long time to get used to turks hahaha, 
  they are not at war , but there is no love lost between the countries . 
  greece is an enemy to turkey , always has been . 
  cyprus ? 
  oh those poor turks , oh they just try so hard to avoid wars but keep getting dragged into them !, 
  like that awful war the greeks and balkans did against them for their independence , oh poor turkey !, 
  he should have specified then, 
   the largest country in europe she lead russia ? 
  or do you mean second largest , ukraine ? 
  or do you mean third largest , france ? 
  or do you mean fourth largest , spain ? 
  or do you mean fifth largest , sweden ? 
  or do you mean sixth largest , norway ? 
  or maybe you mean seventh largest , germany ? 
  so you have no problem with the argument , you just reject it because he 's not a nice man who 's saying it ? 
  st patrick was english , so they should . 
  a reminder to all the irish out there that st. patrick was english !, 
  the intelligent thought you display could n't fill a twitter post my friend, 
  yes `` assimilated '' i think the uvf had similar means of assimilating catholics . 
  a united ireland would also be a multionational political union lmao, 
  ah yes , ussr and austro-hungary . 
  because those worked out so incredibly well . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think they understand politics well enough to realise that wilder 's party still did pretty good out of the election . 
  however , you ca n't always get what you want . 
  is n't it a joke ?
