  how could you ever think that was a good idea ? 
  like everyone in the world shares the exact same opinions as you . 
   this comes from the fact that english has no standard way of pronouncing stuff . 
  lol no, 
  link me to the post , i did n't see it . 
  you have n't answered my question, 
  actually it 's all a big meme , he 's a liberterian/conservative cartoonist and people on / pol / edit his comics to be anti-semitic . 
  the joke is that the edits ( anti-semitic ) are his real cartoons and his real cartoons ( not anti-semitic ) are edits . 
  the japanese were like the opposite of zen , they were so militaristic they shat materiel . 
  he 's an infamous cartoonist responsible for things like this https://i.ytimg.com/vi/o_3f21hs-0s/hqdefault.jpg the folks over at the jidf often edit his comics to make him look less racist and anti-semitic to water down his message of race hate, 
  do you disagree with the post on / r/fuckthealtright ? 
  because that art is basically a symbol of german romnaticism , a big inspiration for the ideals of hitler . 
  die_blauen_dragoner is a song about prussian dragoons , used during the napoleonic era . 
  it is a trap name precisely designed to make silly people who do n't do their research think that i 'm some sort of neo nazi . 
  so congratulations , you played yourself . 
  then what 's the issue ? 
  is it not gelibolu in turkey ? 
  someone else can take them . 
  they can stay home even . 
  all they do is plant bombs here anyway . 
  all we get from these people are bombs , so no . 
  something does n't have to be harmful to be immoral . 
  analysing things down to semantics is a disingenuous tactic . 
  no , a rift valley is a linear-shaped lowland between several highlands or mountain ranges created by the action of a geologic rift or fault, 
  home valley is where a lot of homes are i do n't think they drive though, 
  that 's why it 's called that . 
  like how the valley of death is where a lot of people die, 
  yeah the technology is made there because they get fresh silicon straight from the mines very cheap . 
  i do n't know i speak the language i do n't study it, 
  says the person who does n't live in france, 
  silicon valley is a big valley in the usa where they mine all the silicon from . 
  lots of tech companies sprung up because they can use the fresh silicon, 
  no , it really was n't . 
  the reason the jews practiced usury was simply because other religions could n't . 
  whilst christians and muslims were banned from practicing it in their religion , jews had no such restrictions , meaning that they were free to make money from loans . 
  loans that christians and muslims were unwilling to give out , thus they collected money by financing many of the pwerful men of europe , kings would have court jews from whom they would borrow money . 
  as for your obvious hatred of europeans in your post , i suggest you take it elsewhere , as this is obviously not the place to hate europeans . 
  my comment is my own independent submission , it does n't have to have any relevance to anything except muslims ( to focus of the picture ) , which it does . 
  whatever , goodbye , nobody , whoever , however , wherefore , without , withhold , withholding , notwithstanding , nonetheless , breakfast , goodnight , tomorrow , whysoever there are many more i 'm sure . 
  like that ? 
  i 'm not a christian , so why would that bother me ? 
  i thought that was the netherlands ? 
  too many hitlers is confusing, 
  and church of england . 
   germany did n't drop bombs on libya . 
  so why are they taking responsibility for the fugees ? 
  america should have them . 
   good for germany . 
  or nuremberg for that matter, 
  and poland , who seem pretty sceptical of ever further integration at the moment . 
  [ yes ... persuasion ... ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/05/22/germany-is-quietly-building-a-european-army-under-its-command ), 
  i suppose it 's possible . 
  i find it hard to imagine that any monarch would fund an anti-monarchist uprising in another country though , out of fea that republican fever cross the border . 
  i just find it sad that so much blood was shed for basically nothing . 
  france had a monarch again in a few years time , napoleon . 
  how are they going to force the members to take the euro ? 
  that 's the question ... 
  the french revolution was a mistake to be quite honest, 
  how are they going to force the members to use the euro ? 
  i would have thought that the foederati fit the discussion more , as they were actually other nations that fought with the romans , rather than the auxilia which were just non-citizens that were in the army . 
  you 'd prefer that we split up people by ethnicity ? 
  are you revoking them of their faith ? 
  well the israeli prime minister claims that the holocaust was the idea of the grand mufti of jerusalem . 
  the title picture is irrelevant too , in that case . 
  haha !, 
  i hope europe is n't the new solicion valley . 
  i do n't want to have to work in the silicon mines :(, 
  if it does then it must work very slowly as i have been trying for years, 
  le pen 's agenda should not be to leave the eu , but to morph it into something that fits her views more . 
  all the right wing anti-eu people would love the eu if it represented their political views , rather than the political views that they oppose . 
  i see a fellow lamarckian !, 
  if you just pull on your hair that will make you evolve to have a bigger beard . 
  i 'm not better than you , i just have more control over my actions . 
  i do n't want you to stop using thesee harmful substances for my benefit , but for yours . 
  what difference does it make to me if you overdose on heroin in some alleyway ? 
  it does n't affect my life unless i want it to , and i do because i do n't want you hurting yourself . 
  thanks !, 
  i thought it would be near the crimea region because that 's more toward the hot east, 
  i do n't really go to parties , but when i do i have a lot of fun , and i do n't really get drunk , that 's because i can have fun without taking mind altering substances . 
  becoming a different person and losing control of your actions is a very unpleasant experience . 
  i do n't want to know that feeling . 
  and yes i do want to impose my views because people need help to help themselves . 
  i do n't think it sounds like that at all . 
  maybe you and i have a different way of speaking english which could cause some confusion ? 
  ahh yes , the foederati , in fact rome ended up relying mostly on foederati for it 's forces near the end of it 's lifetime . 
  there just were n't enough legions . 
  and of course the crusades , which was the first true european army in my opinion . 
  do you know where this is on the map please ? 
  i think the fact that you have to resort to illegal drugs is evidence enough that your life is not fine . 
  you simply prove my point , clean your room , sort yourself out . 
  straighten up and fly right , you 'll feel better for it . 
  well if poland had allied with the axis under j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski ( who hitler admired greatly ) maybe the war would n't have started , if poland had ceded pommerland and east prussia . 
  certainly if this had happened the war would have been more like poland and germany vs ussr . 
  maybe the west would n't get involved at all . 
  although something tells me they would defend ussr , as they were so spineless against it in the actual history . 
  interesting stuff, 
  also immoral , especially seeing as that it leads to casual sex . 
  there were muslims divisions of the wehrmacht, 
   me choosing to smoke weed or do mdma at a festival is a bad choice ? 
  yes  you can be against drug use thanks  but wanting others to be locked up for recreational use that does n't affect you directly or indirectly makes you a miserable bastard .
