  i 'm fine with another referendum , just not immediately , let 's have it in about 40 years , as the original referendum to join was about 40 years ago, 
  yes they did nothing wrong . 
  and the ussr was only slightly less bad than nazi germany and the allies helped them . 
  yeah , he said nothing wrong if you like terrorism, 
  there would be as they would not be representing the people they are elected to represent . 
  but if you 're an authoritarian i suppose you may not see the issue . 
  after all germany elects the same women for 12 years so they do n't seem to be that keen on democracy . 
  lol yeah , the massive ussr is so innocent !, 
  it invaded finland in self defence guys !!!, 
  you 're pathetic . 
  and they 've chosen to enact the will of the people and leave the eu , problem ? 
  yes , i definitely agree that certain people misinterpret it from fake news , no offense . 
  nope , because the idea behind representative democracy is to represent the will of the people , the people showed that their will was to leave the eu , any move outside that is unrepresentative . 
  owo what 's this ? 
  within it 's rights , but still an anti-democratic and authoritarian move . 
  only if it was in a referendum , and re-doing a referendum because it 's not the result the government wanted is anti-democratic . 
  not all of us are gifted with intellect , but that does n't mean that anyone is inferior to you , pal . 
  i know , it 's pretty indefensible for him to say that bullshit . 
  genocide is intentional action to destroy a specific group of people , racial , religious , political , national . 
  i never claimed to be clever . 
  but you do n't have to be smart to follow the rules . 
  japan is awesome though , great culture , great history , cool people . 
  wow , what a tour , that must have been fantastic . 
  i 'm learning italian but i 've never been . 
  what 's this ? 
  do you live in italy or just visit ? 
  he 's basically saying `` they deserved it '' which is genocide apologia and explicitly said by the mods is banned . 
  you 're expecting the people to overturn the thing they themselves voted for , it 's pretty insane and anti-democratic . 
  genocide denial / genocide apologia is against the rules of this sub, 
  yeah , there was a referendum , i 'm surprised you have n't heard , it was pretty big news for a while . 
  japan is about 50 % larger though . 
  they voted for it . 
   russian culture as such was mostly formed during the soviet era yeah , all russias culture appeared after 1918 and they did n't exist in the thousand years before that . 
  maybe if you 're so sick of it you should ask him to stop apologising for terrorists ? 
  woah , what happened between 1941 and 1945 !, 
  why would they ? 
  they want jews to come to israel , surely ? 
  i do n't give a shit about racism against white people in japan and other asian countries . 
  no monarchy revival , but you can have a zombie horthy miklos ? 
  he did say that terrorism was `` part and parcel '' of living in a city in response to an attack recently , and defended 9/11 attackers as lawyer apparently so i 'm going with islamist . 
  i care not a whit for what the nationalists think . 
  if they consider themselves as irish bloody go to southern ireland . 
  i 'm not too sure how stylish those italian fascist feather hats were :d, 
  who ? 
  the enitrety of the allies left them to die to their friend the ussr . 
  mannerheim turned to the germans who helped finns during the revolutionary civil war , germany trianed finnish jagers to help the white movement . 
  and during the winter war and continuation war , germany was only one willing to help finland by supplying their war effort . 
  finland is completely innocent in ww2 . 
  they turned to the only people willing to help . 
  where ? 
  africa ? 
  because if you 're saying everyone in the world that dies of hunger does it because capitalism then refer to my previous post . 
  yes but poland has the will to try and make things work . 
  society in western europe is stagnant and apathetic . 
  lol , good one . 
  just look at western universities ffs, 
  northern irelanders are true britishmen , at least . 
  thats your personal feelings . 
  you ca n't just kill people you politically disagree with ffs . 
  mate , there 's a bird called a turkey . 
  try crying some more , maybe he 'll edit it ? 
  calling someone by the political ideology the subscribe to is not a slur . 
  you 're saying it 's ridiculous to question op 's motives when evidence shows he 's making the posts to push an agenda , you 're defending him . 
  it 's true , what 's childish is you defending a liar . 
  becuase he 's misrepresenting the situation to confirm his political views . 
  trevelyan hated the irish and let them starve because he hated them . 
  mischaracterising it as him just expecting the market to sort it out is really dishonest . 
  yeah salazar was a pretty good leader compared to people like leopold of belgium , this seems like political baiting to be quite honest . 
  my agenda ? 
  sorry if i do n't want to pretend kebabs are european , this is n't fairytale land . 
  no one tell them about the secret nazi moon base, 
  i do n't care about the rest of it , i just wanted to highlight the stupid bit, 
  i hate right wing fucks like these , good job brother, 
   kebab is european lol, 
  but the krellmin !, 
  i 'm sure we 'd like to exclude him from being an italian republic because he 's not exactly the best symbol of republican ideals , but that 's not right really . 
  yes i agree , and we 'd all like to exclude him because of hiw views , but that 's pretty childish and a bit revisionist really . 
  oh yes i can instantly tell how it 's said from that cthulhu language, 
  how do you read it then ? 
  well we have standard ways to pronounce words , i guess the inventors of english did n't stop to think that maybe we 'd need a way of saying utter gibberish . 
  it 's not a word , you do know that right ? 
  ahh , you 're doing it again . 
  unlike yourself , i do n't have teachers . 
  and the fact that you 're still in school says more than i ever could . 
  that 's fair enough , historically republic has meant that the country is n't ruled by a monarch , but that meaning has shifted more to mean ` democracy ' nowadays . 
  i like how you just have to see some perceived character flaw to hav a go . 
  you 're promoting genocide and i make completely innocent posts on a part of reddit you do n't like . 
  grow up dude , seriously . 
  get out into the world and you 'll realise there 's more to life than calling for genocide over trivialities . 
  which is to say , completely because republics are just governments not lead by monarchs . 
  you 're the one saying everyone who disagrees with you should suicide dude . 
  seriously , get a grip . 
  wow how epic , i bet you really trolled them by making a complete arse of yourself . 
  was n't the north italian , mussolini led german client state a republic ? 
  wow i was joking but you 're actually psychopathic, 
   hacking our elections lol . 
  they hacked into the election computer and changed the numbers right ? 
  the big election computer that stores all the elections in it ? 
  just throw a ton of buzzwords into one post to make yourself look completely insane , and not just a little insane, 
  yes , genocide is the answer to all life 's problems,
