  of course it will be that because all of us know how much understanding and appreciative of the asatru community are the abraham 's religions with the others . 
  if a group of asatruars goes to live together they will be a secluded group even in the middle of the biggest city you can imagine but if we mix our believe in the fabric of society it will be too hard to attack our religion or to say `` they are just a bunch of weirdos '', 
  by my point of view for just a walk it 's not necessary to offer nothing more than respect so if you see some trash pick it up to clean the land and that i think would make you a wonderful guest . 
  * thearpreplier *, 
  because what a server does a lot ? 
  reply to arp packages :d, 
  yep , happens to me too . 
  if you uninstall and install again the app the list is available again but you just get stuck at the same point if you try to install a theme . 
  i do n't know if this book is translated to english but if you understand spanish is a must read . 
  the author explain and add archaeological proof ( not to take as a undeniable truth however ) as how thor and tyr are some of the oldest gods of europe and how the vanir seem to be a very very very ancient gods . 
  use the postfix , dovecot with mysql approach because it can grow to the infinite and beyond . 
  this is my blog in spanish explaining how to do it . 
  it 's basically a lot of configs and very little spanish text . 
  no , it got worse . 
  i remember pretty well what our leaders ( spain ) told us about joining the euro and the eurozone `` it 's to look to the common good '' `` with this we can sell to our european brothers more easily and purchase from them more easily '' `` with a strongest currency comes a strongest economy '' the result ? 
  with the euro came inflation a huge inflation and what about looking for each other ? 
  now is merkel giving orders and the rest just obeying them so i say fuck the euro and fuck the european union we have been killing each others for thousands of years and accumulated hate a lot and nothing can change that fact . 
  same here . 
  in my case is a pfsense 2.0 and mixed clients too . 
  another spaniard here , you are exaggerating . 
  the situation is the following : we have the traditional two parties of the establishment that hoards the majority of the votes , the pp ( in usa it would be the republicans ) and psoe ( democrats ) . 
  pp have almost 50 % of all the current corruption cases with 180 members involved on cases , psoe account for 30 % of it with 112 members , ciu ( the catalans conservationists , it 's like a catalan spin off of the pp ) accounts for 5 % with 19 members , uni\u00f3 mallorquina ( this one was disbanded on 2011 and renamed due to it 's corruption cases , you should note that this party is for an island only ) accounts for almost 4 % with 15 members and then , we have the rest with iu included that accounts for 11 % . 
  as you can see the problem is with the establishment and that explains the podemos effect . 
  bonus : a map with the corruption cases ( you can see how pp is easily noticeable ) :, 
  in some places there was even armed riots with the police running in fear ( you would n't see this on tv because the media here is at the governments orders and do n't want to set an example ) and nothing changed . 
  in catalonia millions have demonstrated our will to be an independent country and the tension is raising to a level where an unilateral declaration of independence is treated as a serious proposal and you know what the government is doing ? 
  nothing , absolutely nothing . 
  the current spanish government only interest is to steal , steal and steal some more and they could n't care less about the country and the people . 
  those are n't accusations by random people . 
  this map show cases of corruption and which party have members imputed or condemned . 
  in spain you can not be imputed if there is n't solid proof that you are involved although you are innocent unless proven otherwise but knowing our politicians ... 
  yes , we can and we should . 
  yes, 
  i have found the problem . 
  i need to update the pfsense version . 
  i usually ask `` what would be your remote troubleshooting if someone calls about a printer not working ? '', 
  and no one ever goes first for the `` can you tell me what the lcd display says ? 
  if not , can you check that the printer is connected to the power source ? '', 
  everyone goes for checking the drivers , the domain and the most weirdest things you can imagine . 
  you know , behind the numbers are people who just woke up early on the morning to go to work and have a life but yeah , let 's crush these people who did n't took any money from germany and make them pay for what the greek oligarchy agreed with the german oligarchy . 
  what can go wrong ? 
  the versalles treaty worked perfectly and nothing happened why the situation should be different ? 
  so yeah , let 's throw more than 10 million people into despair . 
  windows workstations , seriously , trying to solve a network problem on one of those is a nightmare . 
  hittler was a democratic elected leader . 
  does that mean that every german who voted for him was a nazi ? 
  let me explain a thing that seem to be oblivious here : politicians lie , a lot really . 
  for example , here in spain when democracy was still young we voted for a guy called felipe gonzalez who promised that we would n't enter nato and so , people voted him because no one wanted to be on nato . 
  do you know who joined nato ? 
  the same guy who said would n't . 
  and the same story go on and on and nothing changes even when the people vote for the opposite party because does n't matter who you vote , the banks decide what to do . 
  the current president promised a lots of social changes ( all into the conservative far right style that sickens me ) and people who thought that they want to life in a more far right country voted form him . 
  he too promised to not increase the debt cutting on expenses except for public health , schools and elderly services . 
  you know what was cut first ? 
  exactly , those three . 
  not the privileges , not the hundreds of millions for the church , not the hundred of millions for lobby 's activities , not the military , not the royal house . 
  only the ones that he promised to not touch . 
  and he took more money from europe for that . 
  he is currently the worst considered president of spanish history including predemocracy . 
  does that mean that spaniards are to be punished because the guy lied to us ? 
  by your logic , yes . 
  your logic says that no matter what the govern do or say the ones accountable for are the people . 
  i do n't know from what country are you , and frankly , i do n't care but i really hope that you never have to experience a government that steals the wealthy of the country while being helped by the european powers and sells his own people to the best bidder . 
  i 'm an asatruar and believe on the gods . 
  that 's why iceland asatruars are isolated and mainly ignored by other asatruars they think that they are the only ones that can be asatruars and they 're view are the only one valid . 
  we tried to contact with the icelander asatruar community in several occasions with always the same egocentric answer . 
  we contacted asatruar communities over the world without problem and we talk regularly with afa but icelanders ? 
  no , they do n't want to know nothing about the rest of us . 
  what do you mean putting a verse of the havamal ? 
  i do n't follow your intentions . 
  the asatru community of spain have one build on albacete . 
  i 've been there , is a small temple but a still a temple dedicated to odin . 
  albacete , spain have one :, 
  it was a very ancient building owned by our godi family and is being expanded by ourselves , even i who live like 600 kilometers away helped on putting a roof . 
  spain 's revolutions are funny . 
  everything seems calm and then , one day , everyone wakes up angry and unleash hell . 
  if you read spanish history it 's always like that . 
  i 'm a catalonian pro-independence and it seems that everyone here is waiting to see what happens with podemos . 
  we think that if podemos win at least we could talk about it and try to solve it peacefully but if the pp wins again ... it very well can end with a unilateral independence declaration and civil war . 
  said the expert that just pissed on the work of the thousands of people that works in recollecting the little that it have been conserved to draw a path to walk and create something new . 
  but hey !, 
  who am i , a simple asatruar , to question you ? 
  allow me to rephrase it , as i 'm not expressed myself clearly . 
  i mean something new in the form of an evolution of what we know our ancestors did . 
  so , it has a connection . 
  that exactly is what we discussed many times in my kindred . 
  what we do is n't what the vikings did . 
  i thing a good example is a building : our building , asatru , is fairly new but like many modern buildings on europe the foundations are ancient so you can say it 's some sort of evolution . 
  every true muslim is forced to think that this is ok , after all their prophet was a child rapist according to koran . 
  with some trigger i refer to a random signal to trigger the login , it does n't matter . 
  by login , i mean providing the script with a username and password with the windows on the login screen and then the script does the login without the user interaction . 
  i would like to use any kind of account as long as you can provide the needed details . 
  as for why and why not use rdesktop ? 
  is for a very specific situation with virtualization and with a very specific protocol . 
  but that is for rdesktop is n't it ? 
  all i want is a script that does login locally , when the windows is on the login screen asking for the user pwd the script does login . 
  unless you are black, 
  short answer : spaniards does n't perceive catalonia as part of spain but a property to be milked . 
  my opinion is that it depends on how you want to handle your releases , maintenance and restoring . 
  i ship the code inside the docker and roll a new docker if i need a change , upgrade or recover from a disaster .
