for some reason i read this as ` russian statues want independence ' :p, 
  can confirm , i did this when math was just `` triangles '' :d, 
  especially compared to ireland :p, 
  the ultimate hipster, 
  i heard this song somewhere before , do n't remember where . . : /, 
  nice song , good voice , pretty guy , i like this, 
  this is interesting :d gj braliukai, 
  i love that hair d :, 
  malta is pretty nice, 
  are they doing yoga in the background or something ? 
  i 'm not sure if this is singing or crying ... 
  where does one even get fb flag ? 
  permanent tourism then ? 
  2-4 % difference ca n't really be called majority . 
  o7 some great sas material here & gt ; . & gt ;, 
  & gt ; 89 upvotes , 320 comments * preps popcorn *, 
  so they shit signal ? 
  could someone eli5 what is happening there ? 
  i love how modern weird first one looks . 
  had to do several runs to nearby shop for more snacks . 
  this is so fascinating . 
  my old classmate got harassed recently when speaking to his mom on phone in lithuanian : /, 
  yes . 
  : v ^ ( this was bad and you should feel bad ), 
  22nd out of 26 : /, 
  why they 're not always in top10 then ? 
  i 'm very sad about spain : c it really deserved left side imo . 
  especially obvious with poland as they did n't get such good votes during previous years . 
  maybe , just maybe , some people really liked their song this year . 
  conchita had one of the best songs and the best show . 
  it 's very fun . 
  and something of a tradition . 
  conchita also had the best show . 
  and immigrant votes are n't political : ^ ), 
  start * current one was not weird enough :p, 
  austria is more french than france : ^ ), 
  okay , i do n't really separate music styles , but that was very much pop thingy that pretended to be rock at times : /, 
  australia ? 
  inb4 you need to sing in host 's language only : v, 
  either upvote or with [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) . 
  runescape was the most optimal start for me and it is a mmorpg i think ? 
  i do n't think dota existed then . 
  there were quite a lot of lithuanians playing it ( so you could scam people w/o being any good at english :p ) , translated tutorial fansites ; overall that game is very good at teaching basic words imo . 
  . . i think it all started with runescape :p it 's actually very good at teaching basic words . 
  then moved on to other games , books and started lurking various forums . 
  i 'm awful at speaking though : x most people my age i know understand ( if not fluently ) english very well . 
  and i 'm not good with other languages , tried russian ( i can read kirilica ( sp ? ), 
  thing now so that 's nice i guess ? 
  ) , german ( only 2 years at school and i just kinda forgot about it ) , never really got into them . 
  kinda :p, 
   uk i do n't think even that would help uk :p, 
  my eyes , my ears : c georgia wat ur doin, 
  first time i heard our song ... 
  it 's kinda nice imo . 
  except that hair : x my bro named it `` bom\u017epakis '' and i got ta agree with him . 
  ofc we 're going to be completely forgotten after ` stralia : v, 
  iceland sent someone normal ?!, 
  this is interesting . 
  and nice :p, 
  this is a thing here as well . 
  also whistling . 
  i thought there 's also / r/ukpolitics ? 
  wonderful news and timing if it 's confirmed to be legit , 
  i kinda liked it :(, 
  man * - emperor of mankind, 
  should stop invading neighbours then . 
  i want this d :, 
  i just meant what above me comment said ; that they 're kremlin party . 
  nothing on any local poles , russians and whatever else . 
  `` polish '' party . 
  i wish someone paid me :(, 
  it 's cheesy af but i love it . 
  nope , what is it about ? 
  anti / r/european : v, 
  when was this survey ? 
  i missed it :(, 
  this is lovely c :, 
  when i visited poland once for a short time , one thing that i really noticed was the ads everywhere . 
  a bit of an eyesore tbh . 
  otherwise it seemed pretty similar to here just more space . 
  something about it not being designed for nuclear warheads , not too sure myself as i was reading the news half asleep . 
  i 'll try to find the link when i 'm back home . 
  quick google says there should be un meeting about this soonish . 
  those recent missiles were permitted actually iirc . 
  i could use some money for next month . 
  where i register ? 
  it 's so fluffy !, 
  i love that hair . 
  i doubt he cares about her opinion . 
  never saw any frisco . 
  the only mythology is borrowed names and mangled language . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  imagine the hugs ouo, 
  i love storms . 
  when i do n't have to be outside . 
  or go to work during them . 
  ninja fuckers wait near doors . 
  honestly curious ; how old you have to be considered experienced ? 
  define `` quality '' . 
  it 's eurovision .
