  if you 're having to flee i doubt you have the means and time to apply and wait for a visa so your only option is to enter europe illegally . 
  i guess they got to serbia illegally so they see no problem with continuing on illegally . 
  if the safe country does n't want you , does n't provide help or is struggling to control refugee camps then it 's not a particularly safe place for them . 
  it 's no surprise people are moving on from turkey and lebanon to get to europe . 
  and once in europe , are ant of the balkan countries and greece providing enough food shelter and protection ? 
  or are they just trying to move everyone on ? 
  if they 're just moving everyone on then ofcourse the refugees are going to decide to find a rich western european country where they are more likely to be welcomed and helped . 
  they 're refugees the entire way and people like you trying to compare them to migrants is shameful . 
  it is probably a terrible idea , but i appreciate your openness . 
  it would be great if we could help them rebuild in the near future but there is currently no end to the civil war in sight . 
  especially with isis controlling vast areas of iraq and syria , assad barrel bombing his own citizens and just generally being a cunt , and the iraqi government and army being ineffective and weak . 
  that 's not even mentioning the other rebel groups in syria who we used to call the free syrian army and other al qaeda affiliates like jabat al nusra doing their own thing fighting both assad and isis , sometimes each other . 
  oh and shit there 's the kurds holding the fort who are ideally looking to take a chunk of the region , much to the disapproval of turkey . 
  the place is still a complete mess and peace is nowhere in sight unfortunately . 
  your sugar coating that response way too much . 
  you 're suggesting keeping refugees in harsh conditions for an indefinite amount of time ( because no one knows when it will be safe to return and it certainly is n't looking good right now ) to save us the hassle . 
  i could not abide doing that knowing we could help , but just maybe , just maybe the situation could possibly improve so let 's just sit back and wait . 
  a year or two down the line , whether the situation improves enough for then to return or not , i 'd bet my house on you not being able to find a single refugee who would thank europe for doing that . 
  they 'd probably hate europe for standing back and leaving them in a truly shit situation when the option to help was possible . 
  no , it 's an awful idea . 
  if we did it and actually treated them well i 'd be on board with this . 
  the reports about how australia is currently treating the refugees/migrants they intercept are disgusting . 
  my understanding is they are allowed to lie and conceal their religion to anyone if it means saving their life . 
  taqqiya was created exactly so a muslim could lie about their faith if it was a life and death situation . 
  i 'd imagine if it meant saving their families life they 'd drink alcohol and eat pork . 
  so a i can rock up to slovakia and break every rule in the constitution since i 'm not a citizen there ? 
  sad but so fucking true . 
  cool , thanks for that !, 
  surprised this has n't been reported more widely . 
  ohhh had a lovely discussion with someone yesterday who said , and provided `` evidence '' , on why blacks are inherently more violent and stupid to explain why black people everywhere are in poverty . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  i did n't realise that turned out to be fake . 
  can you link me ? 
  i ca n't watch it right now but i googled his name quickly . 
  his views on homosexuality are unfortunately not uncommon in islamic circles . 
  you 'll find lots of muslims who do n't really care about homosexuality , but when asked will agree with sharia that homosexuality acts are punishable by death . 
  and then lots of muslims who think it 's a bug issue and are very vocal about it . 
  there is a small minority who support homosexuality and lgbt rights but are either too scared to talk about it from fear of their community disowning them or do talk about it . 
  that 's all i can comment on until i 've watched the video . 
  was his name , by any chance , anjem choudary ? 
  iraq war , being very vocal about wanting assad gone during the arab spring , helping fund and arm opposition to assad who partly turned out to be isis and al qaeda affiliates . 
  also helping isolate iran who was allied with assad , so when assad needed help iran and hezbollah got involved in supporting him that has prolonged the civil war . 
  and ours and frances help in removing gaddafi which has left libya in a state of chaos where heavy arms and willing bodies were easily siphoned off to syria when shit kicked off . 
  they 're mostly indirect reasons but the uk and other allies have a had a big hand in the events in the levant . 
  that does n't mean if we had n't got involved it would be different , better or worse . 
  but we are involved and so have some responsibility . 
  because what one random islamic preacher says negates the hundreds , if not thousands , who denounce extremism and the actions of extremists . 
  but this one guy supports your bias so only his views matter, 
  yep , i 've seen it recently in the green party in the uk . 
  on their discussion forum , when left wing ideology comes up no one can agree on even small details . 
  it 's all arguments about marxism , bolshevism etc. 
  they 're too busy arguing intellectual nuances to even consider a middle ground . 
  it 's sad but true . 
  would you be happy ? 
  you do n't see your home country being stable enough to live in for years , so in the mean time you 'd probably rather find a country where you know you can have the best life until you can move home . 
  and where does any of what you say relate to my post anyways ? 
  and the left wing across the world is a shambles . 
  always arguing amongst themselves so there 's never a reasonable sized party to represent the broader left . 
  you just get small left parties who argue amongst themselves . 
  that 's at least what it 's like in britain . 
  using dialogue with islamic extremism would be used to talk people out of it and make people understand their views are unacceptable and if they have issues with something to take it up democratically . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  i 've lived in areas where everyone was a student or a non-eu migrant and i loved it . 
  many of my friends are `` leftists '' and none of them live in these fabled `` rich white enclaves '' . 
  that 's just a bullshit excuse you 're using to dismiss `` leftists '' as out of touch rich people . 
  and traitor ? 
  people like you are the `` traitors '' for wishing rape on people who are trying to help people in need who may come packaged with criminals . 
  you 'll turn on anyone who disagrees with you and if you had power , would be sat around trying people for treason for not being racist , bigots like you . 
  syrian food is amazing . 
  can not beat a good syrian grill . 
  and none of those examples can relate to black slavery in america . 
  the japanese got nuked ? 
  that did nothing to their culture and identities . 
  the ottomans enslaving for hundreds of years ? 
  the ottomans enslaved but assimilated the people into the empire . 
  the people were not removed from their countries and forced on mass to go to a different continent where they had no ties and become slaves . 
  i 'm not blaming anybody alive today he slavery . 
  it had nothing to do with anyone alive now . 
  white people should not feel guilty for the crimes of their fore fathers . 
  and iq ? 
  that 's a terrible indicator of intelligence . 
  no credible scientist uses iq as a scientific measure of intelligence . 
  it 's only pop culture that still believes it works . 
  and yes , plenty of groups have suffered massive tragedies . 
  but with blacks they lost their homes and identities , we 're trapped in a country full of people that saw them as cattle . 
  then when they were finally freed , they went through decades of huge institutionalised racism that prevented them from breaking out of poverty . 
  now they 're still suffering from that . 
  and again , that 's no one 's fault today , and black people can break out of it . 
  but many are still stuck in the poverty , stuck in the cycle of drug abuse , stuck in the cycle of being sent to jail that leads of broken families who are then more likely to get jailed in the future . 
  alright you can take your white power bullshit elsewhere . 
  higher testosterone levels arena going to result in all of those statistics . 
  black culture in america is still recovering from the race being enslaved . 
  there is still institutional racism , blacks are still far more likely to live in poverty , be surrounded by gang culture , get sent to jail for longer and more frequently . 
  things like that far better explain the situation than higher testosterone . 
  and do n't tell me `` blacks have had plenty of time to recover from slavery and racism '' because the deep wounds in black culture still show today and it 's going to take a long time for it to become an equal playing field . 
  i 'm sure i saw it mentioned that the gunman had said he attacked because of french , british and american involvement abroad killing and invading in muslim countries . 
  i ca n't find it in that article now as it 's been updated so much . 
  to be fair it was about 4 hours after the attack and the guy does n't seem to have spoken much so it must have speculation by the newspaper . 
  was it ? 
  it was done by a muslim but i 'd have said this was done for political reasons because of europe and america 's involvement abroad .
