  kind of , yeah . 
  what do you think is the purpose of this law ? 
  do you think it is justified ? 
  is it at all needed ? 
  is the law worth putting in place if it is obviously going to make people angry ? 
  wow , comparing allowing women to wear something on the beach that some feel is oppressive , to child brides ? 
  i mean , come on . 
  child brides are a clear case of wrong doing that can not be allowed . 
  children are vulnerable and need protecting . 
  what the hell is a burkini doing ? 
  it 's not a symbol of radicalism , as much as some here might think it is . 
  and it is not something to make a `` political statement '' on the beach . 
  it is a piece of clothing that lets women feel comfortable while at the beach . 
  banning it is a clear `` fuck you '' to muslims that neither solves any problems or helps integration . 
  it 's a stupid , childish , authoritarian reaction to spite muslims . 
  nah let 's just show 'em how strong we are , that 'll show them . 
  nothing could possibly go wrong . 
   if you go to a beach in bali and it says `` topless forbidden '' would you interpret that as `` an active desire to purge western immigrants '' ? 
  a westerner generally would n't have a problem with keeping their bikini top on though . 
  this dress code is a literal `` fuck you '' to muslim women and you know it . 
  that 's fair enough , and i do agree . 
  i just do n't think this tactic will work and if anything may end up being counter productive to attempts at integration . 
  france is already dealing with a load of shit , this just seems like it will isolate some muslims even more . 
  so lets allow nudity then ? 
  rather than spiting muslim women . 
  western feminists fought for the right for women to wear what they choose and be their own people . 
  this goes against it . 
  many of these women choose to wear a burkini because the idea of wearing a bikini or swimsuit is abhorrent to them . 
  and women like you tell them their wishes do n't matter because it offends you . 
  hell , my own wife hates wearing a bikini . 
  she feels self conscious and awkward in them . 
  should she fuck off too because she does n't match your own ideals ? 
  you complain at how hard women have fought to be equal and not oppressed , then say how we should force muslim women to wear what we want or leave . 
  you are a hypocrite . 
  it is used as a tool for oppression , i literally said that in the comment above . 
  but it is not yours or societies place to tell women what they can and can not wear . 
   the women who willingly choose to wear a burqini in the west are stupid at best , wanting to offend and divide at worse i 'm sorry but that is a crock of shite . 
  how are they the ones wanting to offend and divide ? 
  they do n't like to show skin , a burkini allows them t go to the beach and swim in what they are comfortable with . 
  what the hell is offensive about covering up at the beach ? 
  my own wife chooses to cover up a bit because she does n't feel comfortable in a bikini . 
  is she offending you too ? 
  the people wanting to offend and divide are the ones who are so offended by muslims women wearing bikinis that they ca n't avert their eyes or get over it . 
  they 've got ta ban it knowing exactly how pissed off the muslim community will be at being specifically targeted . 
  way to show muslims are welcome and should integrate by specifically punishing them . 
  yes it is . 
  france upholds secularism in the work place . 
  that 's it . 
  the beach is a public place . 
  so unless france starts banning everyone from wearing crosses , skull caps , or anything that could be misconstrued as religious in a public place , then this is unreasonable targeting of muslims . 
  so while france is secular , it is not a forced atheist country where all religion is banned outside the home . 
  very wrong . 
  i feel like i 'm witnessing a drift into society legitimising oppression and everyone here is happily drifting along with their flawed arguments out spite . 
  that 's giving them the option of taking their clothes off or do n't go somewhere they should be free to go . 
  it is beyond unreasonable for a society to dictate where a person can or ca n't go based on their religion or personal ethics . 
  so because saudi arabia and iran force women to cover up , we should stoop to their level and force them to remove clothes . 
  brilliant logic mate . 
  and if they are forced to wear it by someone or their culture , how is banning it helping them ? 
  the oppressors are n't going to change their minds are they ? 
  theyre just not going to be allowed to fo the beach . 
  you are pointlessly punishing them . 
  the swastika is a symbol of a brutal regime that committed mass murder on an industrial scale . 
  a burka or burkini is a piece of clothing that can be used to oppress but many women use for modesty . 
  you are literally telling the women you know better and to shut up and listen to you . 
  you 're telling them to stop oppressing themselves because you are offended by it . 
  it 's childish , backwards and counter productive to any attempts to actually integrate conservative muslim communities . 
  i feel like i 'm having a brain hemorrhage at the childish , spiteful bullshit being spouted in this thread . 
   i do n't like your comment . 
  stop imposing your comment and thoughts on me . 
  do you see how retarded that line of thought is ? 
  `` i do n't agree with it so it is imposing on me and we should ban it '' . 
  because a nudist chooses to go naked and do not see it as immodest and against their personal moral code to cover up . 
  if a nudist can not go nude , they 'll just cover up . 
  they have to cover up most of the time in the day because as a society we see nudity as unacceptable . 
  should we care about nudity ? 
  no , people should n't care and nudists should be allowed to be naked wherever they please . 
  but why should you punish muslim women , because this is a targeted punishment for the muslim community , because society does n't accept nudity ? 
  how childish a society do we have to be to use the argument that muslim women have to strip off because nudists have to cover up ? 
  and the arguments that the burkini is oppressive are bullshit . 
  many muslims women choose to wear the hijab , or whatever covering , and see anything less as being naked . 
  it is their choice that we as a society should n't take away from them out of spite . 
  and the women who are forced are n't going to suddenly uncover because their clothes are illegal . 
  they are going to disappear from public and become ** more ** isolated . 
  these women will now no longer go to the beach at all , whethwr forced or by chpice . 
  this will work against attempts to improve integration . 
  and it 's disgusting that so many freedom loving redditers here suddenly decide freedom stops when it 's a muslim . 
  plus since he was iranian it is unlikely he was inspired by isis as he was probably shia , not sunni . 
  shia muslims have a much shorter record on international terrorism . 
  attended fundraisers in what capacity ? 
  got a source for me to check out ? 
  or , you know , he believed dialogue and not winding them up was the best method to end bloodshed and preserve peace . 
  but no , he 's a traitor because he did n't stand on the roof tops calling for their deaths . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i do n't know much about the fishing industry except for the whole `` eu is destroying british business '' that eurosceptics have been shouting about . 
  from what i understand a lot of fishermen are n't particularly happy . 
  but action has to be taken to prevent over-fishing . 
  a lot of british people think the fishing quotas and rules have destroyed the british fishing industry . 
  despite the rules being made to give fishermen equal opportunity to fish and not massively over-fish . 
  and also despite our trusted representative on the committee , mr farage , barely attending meetings and votes because of his anti-eu principles .
