  western colonialism and it 's after effects is deeply rooted in numerous problems across africa and the middle east . 
  colonialist regimes killed and oppressed millions to make money and rule as much of the world as it could . 
  does that make the west evil ? 
   the most liberal muslims simply wish to impose religious taxes . 
  the moderates throw acid , the radicals kill you . 
  please actually read the quran . 
  now , damn i just ca n't even attempt to cut through that bullshit . 
  your view is incredibly warped i 'm actually laughing that it 's that bad . 
  if that was the case we 'd be fucking drowning in acid , but we 're not are we ? 
  most acid attacks in the uk are actually linked to gang violence more than religion . 
  if the vast majority of muslims were prepared to throw acid in your face we 'd all be fucked . 
  the most liberal muslims drink alcohol , possibly even eat pork . 
  my dad is a liberal muslim and i 've done tequila slammers with him . 
  moderates get on with their lives . 
  the angry , hateful arseholes in the general population are the ones who quietly support terrorism . 
  i have read some of the qur ` an . 
  enough to know i do n't believe it or like it much . 
  maybe you should go read about the roots of radicalism . 
  especially in inner city gangs and see if you recognise the same patterns but on a global scale for islam . 
  open your eyes to the idea that muslims are n't inherently evil and that constantly reinforcing the idea that they are is probably damaging ? 
  unless the genocide of muslims is your end game . 
  what incentives do you give to people who think that islam is the only way to heaven ? 
  there is nothing you can give them to change that . 
  if you 'd have tried the same with christians 200 years ago it probably would n't have worked either . 
  christianity had slowly and naturally phased out . 
  and incentives to leave ? 
  what if they do n't take it ? 
  what if they inevitably catch on and demand far more than can be afforded ? 
  and who would n't want to fleece the country that apparently hates them so much they will pay them anything to leave ? 
  because there are already tens of millions of muslims in europe , some of whom could be pushed closer to extremism by making it even more clear that islam and muslims are n't welcome ? 
  i do n't disagree with their methods , i just said i did n't . 
  because integration does happen a lot , we just do n't notice the ones who get on with life peacefully as much . 
   except islam is such a shit ideology , they do n't have that power to win . 
  they wo n't rally together the bigots will get deported . 
  the good ones will be happy they do n't get slandered anymore . 
  they may not have the power to win , but there is the huge potential for a huge loss of life on both sides which i think can be avoided . 
  is it really controversial to not to want to start a world war with islam ? 
  plus , my biggest issue with islam is exactly that it 's not shit in that it is very powerful . 
  warring in and destablising iraq and afghanistan has had massively destabiising and radicalising effects across islamic culture and society . 
  people do n't grasp how interlinked islamic thought it , especially with the creation on the the internet . 
  no i do n't disagree with pews polling methods . 
  my ** opinion ** is that muslims can still integrate and we do n't have much of a choice unless we condone mass deportation and/or genocide . 
   how i 'd solve it ? 
  ban immigration of them unless they pass an extremely hard test , and are skilled in some way that allows them to get a job immediately . 
  deport the majority of those who immigrated , use this test retroactively . 
  strengthen bored significantly . 
  ban hijabs , burkas , and any speech that promotes oppression of women . 
  anyone who preaches that women are worth less or that women must obey their husbands , or triple taqiiya , all of which are in the quran , will be deported . 
  same with what quran says of gays . 
  if the constitution bans deportation of them because they are naturalized citizens , then jail them . 
  and well done , you have solidified the notion that islam and muslims are the enemy and europe now has tens of millions of persecuted muslims whose religion specifically allows them to take up arms and defend their religion and their people . 
  so you condone the complete escalation and inevitable war that will happen by aggressively oppressing a people based on their religion ? 
  and the inevitable deaths that will happen because of this escalation . 
  and fuck , that 's exactly what isis want us to do . 
  they want us to do this so muslims around the world rally around their call that the west is out to destroy islam . 
  ww3 is what they want and your ideas give them everything they need to pursue it . 
  maybe some ideas that look at deescalation and pushing for integration will cause less blood shed ? 
  or does the end justify the means for you ? 
  and this fundamental lack of understanding of radicalisation is a huge problem . 
  it 's not about single infractions and incidents , it 's about the wider alienation of an already isolated culture that has a long history of conflict with the west . 
  simplifying it to `` if they ca n't deal with x then they 're already a problem '' is intellectually dishonest and completely unhelpful . 
  i 'm not saying we should baby them and treat them `` specially '' , but careful consideration of what europe should do is required if we want to improve relations and integration to prevent further escalation and terrorism . 
  and here is a big problem with this discussion , i ca n't say `` maybe doing x may not work so we should think about it more '' with out someone like you crashing into the conversation making it completely black and white and boiling it down to simplistic tropes . 
  we 're all european , we do n't need the hostility . 
  i disagree , but either way what do you think we should do about it ? 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  how one country behaves does not dictate the current trends of islamic thought . 
  salafism and wahabbism are the `` hip '' schools of thinking behind almost all islamic extremism . 
  they do n't require us to act in anyway , except non-islamic , to find an excuse to hate us , at least for the proper extremists like daesh . 
  so we need to ensure the wider muslim population knows we 're not enemies and pull them into society rather than alienate them . 
  otherwise the divide will only get worse , as will the attacks . 
  and outright banning them will likely have a negative effect on muslims already here . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to understand radicalisation . 
  if you keep telling someone their religion is the enemy , people like them ca n't come into the country etc , those ideas may gain traction and help radicalise some of them . 
  i can understand limiting immigration but i think policies to tackle islamic terrorism should be a bit more nuanced and thought-out than #banmuslims . 
  there is n't a `` simple '' fix for it though . 
  i believe we should still take refugees but i completely support strict controls and checks on who comes in and completely discourage the land routes that have been the major issue . 
  we do n't take refugees in for cheap work or to `` enrich our culture '' , we do it for humanitarian reasons and because some western countries have some blame for the current state of the middle east . 
  stopping all immigration from islamic countries is n't going to just stop terrorism , is it ? 
  islamic terrorism and fundamentalism is a problem that has been brewing for decades in europe . 
  trying to apply an `` instant fix '' and expect immediate results is likely to make things a lot worse and not guarantee any positive results , in my opinion . 
  which are still goals we can work with . 
  the taliban and al qaeda may have had more tangible goals but understanding isis is important none the less . 
  they want global dominance , how ? 
  they want to start a world war between muslims and non muslims . 
  to do that they want to force a sectarian war to turn everyone against muslims , so that they are persecuted around the world and will go running into the embrace of a the caliphate . 
  so they want us to turn against muslims , persecute them and make it easier to radicalise them . 
  it 's the tactic they 've employed in iraq for years . 
  they target obvious shia neighbourhoods , shrines and mosques to inflame tensions and provoke a response . 
  a response like attacking sunnis , or in iraq 's case the government sanctioned abuse by militias and paramilitary police . 
  it works out there . 
  how long do you think it 'd be before people were out in streets attacking innocent muslims if isis comitted daily attacks in france ? 
  sorry , i did n't realise we europeans could n't think about why isis do what they do . 
  i will stop thinking and go man the borders ... 
  so he was jailed back in 2001 for attempted murder of a police man ? 
  police have also found salafi books at his mums house but that does n't necessarily mean he was an extremist . 
  isis claimed him as a belgian isis fighter but the french police have said he was a french citizen so maybe they 're talking shit . 
  as it stands it sounds like this guy was a violent criminal at the least , and possibly an islamic terrorist . 
  possibly because understanding why your enemy does/wants something is vital to work out how to fight them . 
  very likely .
