  i 've got no love for israel but i can completely understand why they are reacting like they are . 
  very true . 
  they could try and it might work , but i 'm pretty sceptical that anything would change that relationship except for israel actually giving back at least some palestinian land . 
  to be fair , if i was israel i would n't want to accept any refugees . 
  syrians do not hold much love for them and the liklihood that someone who hates them enough to do something about it is a lot more likely than refugees coming to europe . 
  germany was also surrounded by relatively stable states who all just wanted to get their shit straight following ww2 . 
  syria is in one of the most volatile regions in the world so even if the devastation is less , recovery will probably be a lot more difficult . 
  okay here 's the thing . 
  i despise assad as much as i do isis . 
  [ his government are responsible for the majority of deaths in the civil war ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/syrias-civilian-death-toll-islamic-state-group-or-isis-far-smaller-threat-bashar-1775238 ) , which is unsurprising given that they love using the very so accurate barrel bombs on cities . 
  the statistics are at best shaky , due to the nature of civil wars like this , but it was pretty clear from the start assad would use all force necessary to fight the opposition . 
  given that , even if assad and isis would be entirely destroyed i reckon all of syria would continue in the chaos with no clear leader to unify the country . 
  but , and it 's a big but , if assad remains after isis had been defeated there would still be large amounts of people unwilling to live under a dictator that tore the country apart and killed so many so the fighting would continue . 
  probably in the form of the peshmerga , al nusra , and other opposition rebel groups who would most likely pick up many former isis recruits if the isis leadership was crushed into the ground . 
  to find stability , assad would then go on to destroy any opposition , good and bad , and would result in the deaths of people who could potentially be good for he country . 
  so i 'm torn . 
  assad staying and leaving would be devastating . 
  but i just ca n't accept that him staying is right and just . 
  the country probably has to be split . 
  kurds get a slice , assad loyal get a slice , sunni tribes get a slice . 
  god knows when the region will be ready though . 
  and europe is even more shitty with racist people like you . 
  there 's nothing wrong with arabs , by and large they 're just like the rest of us and the ones i 've met are amazingly friendly and kind . 
  these are people fleeing their country not a coordinated invasion . 
  and guess what ? 
  even if they did n't come , europe as we know it would n't exist anyway . 
  places change and progress no matter what . 
  and the civil war was started because assad would n't step down , chose to brutalise any opposition and set off on a campaign to indescriminate destruction . 
  god knows how jt would have turned out if he had stepped down but he is responsible now . 
  have you got figures on how many his forces have killed compared to isis ? 
  probably . 
  in an ideal world we 'd get rid of them both but removing assad too will almost certainly cause more chaos . 
  anyone fluent in arabic would be able to tell differences in a lot of arabic accents and dialects . 
  it would be like asking where someone in germany would get someone to tell the difference between someone from london and someone from yorkshire , except there 's a change in dialect as well as accent . 
  the difference is that europeans wanting to move there probably already have homes , jobs , security . 
  while the refugees have nothing there . 
  no ties , no real life security . 
  hungary means nothing to them . 
  to them it 's just a different part of europe that they know little about . 
  not the entire world . 
  assad has killed more syrians than isis have and has been terrorising the opposing population for years now . 
  he just likes to keep it quiet and is n't the attention seeking type that isis are . 
  even if russia and assad destroy isis there will still be a lot of opposition to assad with in syria . 
  many will never lay down their weapons after what he 's done . 
  ideally i 'd like both assad and isis gone but i fear the removal of assad will only strengthen the other and other unsavoury opposition groups . 
  it 's a long hard journey not particularly suitable for children and some women . 
  perhaps they end up staying and the man leaves to try find somewhere safe before their families come . 
  women do n't touch men in those cultures either . 
  it goes both ways so is n't really women oppressing . 
  and it 's their choice , you ca n't make someone shake hands . 
  you can think it 's odd and not like it but it to not hire someone over it will still be discrimination . 
   before the first world war incase you had n't noticed the first world war was 80 years ago and terminology changes . 
  middle east is no long used to refer to afghanistan . 
  and jt will be hard but it 's possible . 
  we 're primarily looking to give them somewhere safe to escape the dangers of their home country . 
  integration is something we work on when they arrive . 
  and seriously , at least get the century you want to refer to right . 
  islam began in the 6th century not the 5th . 
  not semantics . 
  it 's geography . 
  afghan is not the middle east and is n't arab . 
  and illiteracy would pretty low if your country was a typically rural place where any hope of modernisation was smashed by a russian invasion where the usa funded insurgent groups who later became the taliban . 
  the taliban then fucked the country more and resulted in another invasion by the usa . 
  they 've been in a perpetual state of war and/or disorder for 30 years . 
  how can expect literacy to be high then ? 
  any muslim who calls for shariah in a non-muslims country is not just an arsehole but going against most accepted rules of islam . 
  islam says they must obey the law of the land and shariah can only be implemented in a muslim country . 
  and even if shariah law was implemented non-muslims should n't have to follow it . 
  what is the issue with that ? 
  nobody should be forced to shake someones hand . 
  what if he was a clean freak who hated touching anyone ? 
  or had burns and was too embarrassed to touch anyone ? 
  there are no laws that mean you have to shake someones hand and not hiring someone for it is discrimination . 
  and are part of the problem . 
  they 've spent decades funding groups to oppose iran , hezbollah , and syria so sunni 's can dominate the middle eastern politics . 
  their geopolitics has helped fuck up the region for a long time . 
  do n't worry , uk media is certain they 're all coming to the uk . 
  afghanistan is n't the middle east ... now who 's ignorant ? 
  if i 'd have said the islamic world then you could have brought afghanistan into it , but i did n't . 
  and that 's one country that is fucked for another multitude of reasons . 
  we can thank russia and the un coalition who 've separately invaded for adding to that mess . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  get back to your hole troll . 
  the middle east is mostly urbanised with half decent levels of literacy and education . 
  or did you think they all have running water in their desert tents and internet that their illiterate minds somehow manage to use ? 
  never mind the universities ( they use caves for those do n't they ? ), 
  and cars ( they just ride goats and camels everywhere really , amirite ? ) . 
  the middle east is fucked for a multitude of reasons and breaking it down to they 're all just illiterate desert people is not just unbelievably inaccurate but very bigoted . 
  how do you know they do n't want to go back ? 
  i have an iraqi friend who is due to go back to iraq in the next few months . 
  he 's always said that iraq was his home and he does n't care if bombs are set off outside his home every day , he still wants to go home . 
  whether his outlook is similar to others i do n't know but he certainly ca n't be alone . 
  comparing refugees running from a hellish war zone to someone spitting in your beer ? 
  you 're fucking charming . 
  syria was n't like afghanistan , many poor african countries . 
  it was quite developed and it 's people had decent levels of education . 
  they 're looking for a wealthier country to settle in and live ( ie get a job ) while they wait for their homes to improve . 
  these people have probably spent their lives working and would have no problem working to pull their own weight and provide for their family . 
  why does everyone assume they want to just come and claim welfare ? 
  i imagine with great difficulty .
