  that 's a bit of an exaggeration . 
  there are tens of millions of muslims . 
  but they 're not all islamists . 
  if they were we 'd have a much greater frequency of attacks . 
  i 'm still not excusing it or providing an excuse . 
  and betraying your own race ? 
  seriously ? 
  how black and fucking white is your world ? 
  you can care about your own and care about other people . 
  we 're all human at the end of the day . 
  but they are homeless in a foreign country , with little money or possessions . 
  they have probably lost a lot to war , maybe traumatised by it . 
  if they only recently left syria they 've lived through years of war , and if they lived in turkey for a long time they would have run out of money and probably been stuck in poverty for so long they had to leave . 
  that is desperate if even half accurate . 
  fine , `` realistic explanation '' is probably a better term . 
  or is that still to `` bleeding heart leftie wanker '' for you ? 
  anything short of `` shoot them where they stand '' seems to be apologist for / r/europe these days . 
  ofcourse mass immigration is undesirable . 
  but these are n't immigrants in the way that romania or chinese or americans would be . 
  they 're refugees and we have an obligation to try do something . 
  letting everyone in is definitely not the best solution , but shooting some to scare away future refugees is morally bankrupt and sick ( i 'm not saying you have suggested it but i 've seen it numerous times on this sub ) . 
  and of course you 're not going to get a headline about that . 
  germans do n't have the concept of indecent like middle eastern people . 
  but you definitely would hear `` drunken british tourist beat a man half to death over a cigarette '' or even `` european tourist arrested in cambodia for picking up a child prostitute '' . 
  people of all ethnicities do bad shit . 
  more needs to be done in the case of refugees arriving . 
  in europe 's case we probably need to be setting up camps in countries closer to where the refugees and allowing asylum applications from there in a controlled manner . 
  if you expect to be treated the same as if you were at home then that 's your problem , no offense . 
  cultures are different , people are different . 
  you just have to accept that or do n't go abroad . 
  it does get annoying at times , but you should n't let it taint your image of a country . 
  do n't go to cambodia or vietnam then . 
  being british i started off polite when people would continually approach me in the street to buy things . 
  by the end i was as blunt and harsh as the americans i was with . 
  although it did n't make a difference . 
  you can say no 50 times in a row and people would still hound you to buy something . 
  but the point is , it 's the selling culture . 
  like in turkey , they use hard sales tactics that us europeans are n't used to . 
  it 's annoying but i do n't let things like that turn me off about countries . 
  or the guy was carrying a knife because he was scared leaving a war zone and did n't know what he was walking into . 
  he probably kept it for self defence . 
  then got very desperate and did something monumentally stupid . 
  you ca n't compare it to the usa or most of europe . 
  there is still a lot of poverty , poor health care and lack of contraception . 
  in poorer countries child mortality is usually much higher , so parents tend to have more kids to ensure a few survive to adulthood . 
  in kenya i assume the health care has improved greatly from 50 years ago but to culture around having large families did n't change and ended up in a population boom . 
  having kids there has nothing to do with how fiscally capable they are like it is in the usa and europe . 
  yes , they 're desperate and acting irrationally . 
  that does n't justify it but it 's a much more reasonable explanation than `` the evil immigrants are here to murder everyone '' . 
  i did n't say if we should or should n't . 
  just offered a reasonable explanation for his persons behaviour . 
  get a grip mate . 
  i 'm not justifying what this person did , just offering a rational explanation . 
  they 're not coming to europe to destroy us and kill us , they 're escaping war and poverty and are in a desperate situation . 
  they 're desperate and acting very irrationally ? 
  they ca n't come here and ruin our civilised society !, 
  let 's just shoot them . 
  that 'll show the world how righteous and civil we are ... 
  hit the nail on the head there man . 
  state sanctioned murder of innocent people to protect our `` civilised societies '' is a hilarious oxymoron . 
  `` our society is so civilised we shoot boats of refugees just incase some if them are bad people . 
  ca n't you see how civilised we are ? '', 
  wow , good on you for freely admitting it . 
  but thinking we should murder innocent men , women and children who are trying to escape horrors in their own country destroys our culture more than any immigrant could . 
  i despise capital punishment and this is far beyond that . 
  sorry should have mentioned i was on about the sun at this point . 
  well murdoch was supporting labour at the time . 
  he switched sides , i believe , after falling out with gordon brown when he took over . 
  i do n't know if it coincidence or not but murdoch has been backing the winning horse for awhile now . 
  and it 's not like he switches sides conveniently as one party takes the lead . 
  and i did n't say everyone voted for the conservatives because of them . 
  just that they both had loud voices opposing them and some people probably did listen . 
  but i agree , labour are a joke . 
  i did n't vote for them because i think they 're too full of spineless career politicians just serving up a tory lite agenda . 
  they supported ttip , they would n't even consider being anti austerity , they constantly bent by the media . 
  i want to be able to vote them but i also think they 're unelectable . 
  but the daily mail is one of the most visited news websites in the world . 
  partly because their female gossip stuff , but even if people visit just for that they 'll see the headlines . 
  i did n't say they were the most important factor for the conservatives winning but i believe they had an effect on the outcome . 
  i 'll respectfully disagree . 
  i do n't think they were the deciding factor , but coupled with the sun , the telegraph and other tabloids they had a very loud voice tearing labour and miliband apart at every turn . 
  people i know who voted conservative lapped that all up . 
  and people i know who were undecided / were swing votes would parrot a lot of it . 
  even people who rarely give a fuck outside of immigration and benefits were being swayed by the endless shit thrown at labour . 
  and one thing i 've noticed , the only people out of people i know who shared your opinion were conservative voters . 
  most of my friends live in safe labour seats so it did n't have much of an effect on the outcome . 
  but if i extrapolate to what it 's like in more easily swung seats , then i 'd imagine the daily mail etc could have had a reasonable effect on the outcome . 
  but it is often perceived as one . 
  there 's people on the every side of the spectrum who want to be or out of europe . 
  but more often than not people seen as left wing have the loudest voices fighting for being in , while people seen as right wing are loudest about being out . 
  the greek crisis had the biggest affect for me . 
  i 'm pretty anti austerity and it was horrible watching how it all unfolded . 
  i 'm not . 
  but i 'm one of 'em loony leftie libtards . 
  same here . 
  and ukip got an alarming amount of support based on the general theme of anti immigration with the help of the media outlets like the daily mail . 
  hopefully we wo n't leave . 
  they would . 
  they actually do decent investigative journalism , do n't rely on tits and arse to sell papers or get online views and while they are biased , they tend to use facts and logic to base their stories on more often than not . 
  very true , but the sun and daily mail have such a large audience base i think they could give all of those combined a decent fight .
