  no , ofcourse they can . 
  because whether a person has wider backing of an organisation/society their acts still have meaning . 
  this guy was clearly enticed by the violent , extremist interpretations of islam presented to him while in prison . 
  violent people will coalesce to excuses to be violent . 
  and extremism is a big problem in islam right now , but simplifying this down to `` islam ca n't be peaceful because a violent man was attracted to it '' is fucking absurd . 
  extremism is a complicated topic , that people could study for years and not fully understand , which is not at all helped by inane simplifications to justify your dislike of a religion . 
  sorry , i do n't mean that you actually watch it . 
  just that it 's a typical line from their rhetoric . 
  and could you stop looking for a reason to argue ? 
  you address a throw away comment in the first sentence then do n't even bother responding to the rest . 
  okay enough of the foxnews spiel . 
  you get arseholes in every culture . 
  some refugees will be arseholes who want to impose their religion , culture and way of life on the host . 
  but as far as i am aware this is not anywhere near the majority and the talking points you 've brought up are the typical emotive responses that nationalists try to inflame . 
  and even so , i agree . 
  people should n't be scared to tell immigrants or refugees to fuck off if they are asking for unreasonable demands like imposing shariah . 
  the problem is people need to stop letting the loud mouth , bigotted , neonazi types do the talking for them . 
  you 're not a racist for wanting to preserve your way of life . 
  but letting the likes of le pen , wilders , the edl do it makes you look like a racist bigot like they are . 
  you have a misunderstanding of what shariah law is if you do n't understand why some muslims who move/flee to western countries would still like to live under shariah . 
  shariah literally proscribes the laws and boundaries for everything in a muslim country . 
  from taxes , to welfare , to praying times , to civil law and to the criminal law . 
  the scary part you probably understand as shariah is the hudood punishments bit , the bit with the whippings , executions and etc. 
  it 's a small part of shariah that some muslims do n't immediately associate with the whole concept of the law . 
  it 's my biggest problem with the pew polls that get thrown around when shariah is brought up . 
  the polls never define the definition of shariah and what is the most important part to the person . 
  so when the polls are quoted they are always interpreted as `` x % of british muslims want to stone gays , execute adulterers etc '' , when really they may well be saying they just want to be ruled by the law of their religion . 
  and besides that , saying shariah is why these countries are fucked up is a gross simplification and completely ignores the massive amounts of reasons for why these countries are as they are . 
  the region is for all the ethnic and religious groups that have historically lived there , including jews and muslims . 
  and many of the jews who you claim historically lived there , did n't historically live there . 
  they were european jews who had n't lived in the area no known as israel for a long time . 
  you know the rule , `` on your feet , lose your seat '' ? 
  you do n't get to lay claim to a place you have n't lived at for centuries , overriding the rights of the current people living there , because your religious book says so . 
   but where will the islamist who want to wipe them from the earth live ? 
  well fuck , i do n't know maybe one of the 50 other fucking islamic states well fuck me , imagine telling a white guy that there are plenty of other white countries he can go to so why does n't he just fuck off there , instead of the place him and his family have lived for hundreds of years . 
  well , do n't ya know ? 
  palestinians never existed . 
  they 're actually just jordanians but a bit further west , so they can all bugger off to jordan and israel can take the land that they 'd lived on for thousands of years . 
  it 's as easy as that ... 
  i completely understand wanting to ban the wearing of a veil in certain public spaces to be in line with balaclava bans etc. 
  but is the veil that big an issue that you ca n't wait for it ? 
  well alpha male dick waving is common to pretty much every culture . 
  you find people who want to brag about how any girls they 've banged and how dirty they can get a girl to be wherever you go . 
  and they do love bragging about it . 
  the difference here is they are bragging about their accomplishments that are illegal and absolutely horrible . 
  did n't realise muslims were the sole perpetrators of rape . 
  not much information as of yet it seems . 
  the police are keeping the identities confidential for now , presumably because it only happened this morning . 
  either way . 
  what is with these fucking idiots that think live streaming horrible acts of abuse is a good idea ?!, 
  not that i 'm complaining , it makes it easier to catch them , but you 've got ta be so dense . 
  clearly the police have n't spoken to the numerous psychics we have here . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i did n't think it was that bad . 
  i had a barrel bomb dropped through my house yesterday . 
  europe is legit as dangerous now . 
  2016 ai n't done with us yet . 
  that 's a landslide to many brexiteers . 
  ww2 was n't a civil war . 
  syria is a very different situation/war and this is a very different time . 
  again , there are many shades of grey . 
  they are incomparable . 
  you know what ? 
  i get the feeling we 're never going to agree on this so let 's just leave it here . 
  i see that , but if it was safe enough to live there , would n't they be living there ? 
  does it not stand to reason that they 're temporarily ignoring the risk of death to see family ? 
  so the danger is still there , they still cant live at home , so they 're still probably refugees ... 
  so if it was safe enough to go back and live there permenantly , do n't you think they 'd go do that ? 
  so logically , it ca n't be safe enough for them , otherwise the camps in turkey would be empty . 
  but they 're not empty . 
  they 're still full . 
  so perhaps syria is still a war zone and they 're still refugees , even if they decide to brave the warzone to go home for an important holiday . 
  and here lies a core problem of the world . 
  everything must be boiled down until it 's black and white and people like you can unequivocally say they are right and those people are wrong . 
  like , do you actually think these people want to sit in crowded refugee camps in turkey ? 
  with no jobs , away from home and their families , living off the scraps aid agencies provide , with no dignity ? 
   no i really is that simple . 
  well if that 's the level of complexity that you 'd like this to be then that says a lot . 
   please let me live in your country with out having to jump through hoops like having a visa or being able to support my self or have some where to live , can you provide me with that because i ca n't go back home because it 's to dangerous . 
  if they 're so desperate to go home that they 'll risk an active warzone to go there for eid , i do n't think they actually want to live in turkey . 
  you thought about it like that ? 
  they 'll risk being blown up to go home , but you 're still treating them like they 're in a turkish refugee camp for the benefits . 
   oh it 's not that dangerous that i ca n't go back on holiday . 
  well if you can go back on holiday you can go back full stop you 're not a refugee if you can openly go back home again i do n't think you understand the situation . 
  my father went home to algeria during a civil war that killed 150,000 people over 5 years . 
  entire villages were slaughtered , towns burned to the ground , terrorists and police murdering anyone they thought worked for the other side . 
  but my dad still chose to go home once or twice for short trips to see family because family mattered to him . 
  he was willing to risk it for a short amount of time but knew it was n't safe enough to live in ( he still does n't want to live there 25 years later though ) . 
  is it ? 
  life is never that simple . 
  syria is still a warzone , and there is potential for fighting to increase across the turkish border as turkey ramps up it 's fight against syrian kurds . 
  even ignoring that , places can be too dangerous to live/stop in but safe enough to briefly stop in . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  eid al fitr is a very important holiday that people may be willing to risk a dangerous trip to see family . 
  that does n't mean that it is safe enough to live there . 
  the point is that they know it 's dangerous but they think the temporary danger is worth it spend an important holiday with family / at home . 
  plus northern syria may just descend back into war as turkey looks to push the kurds back in afrin and other areas . 
  maybe people are willing to brave the danger for a short time ? 
  and also put up with the destruction , lack of law , food , power etc. 
  you might be willing to walk down a dangerous alley/road as a one off but would n't do it regularly .
