  they 're saying they can wear the vests , as they do n't break the law doing that , but the moment they try enforcing shariah they are breaking the law and can be arrested . 
  so if they want to wear the burka , you are infringing on their right to wear it . 
  if they do n't want to but are forced , do you really think they 'll be allowed to leave the house ? 
  this will force them into further separation from swiss society , not bring them closer . 
  that will be fault of the people who force them to wear the burka and the fault of the swiss government . 
  wearing what they want is n't imposing their culture on the land though , is it ? 
  i do n't like beer , infact i find the taste disgusting . 
  am i not allowed in germany because it is common for germans to love beer ? 
  should i get on a plane a fuck off elsewhere because it does n't fit in the culture ? 
  so we should force women not to wear something because saudi arabia , the pillar of freedom that they are , forces women to wear the hijab ? 
  do you have any proof of that ? 
  i do n't profess to know a lot about kurdish relations but i do know a bit . 
  the peshmerga are from the autonomous kurdish region in iraq . 
  while the bombing that turkey has performed on the kurds has been in syria in the rojava region . 
  the ypg and ypj are active here and do consist of some pkk members . 
  i 'm on about these groups not forgetting that turkey has bombed them , especially when turkey was claiming that they were going to bomb isis and instead bombed the pkk in syria . 
  the pkk do n't seem to be going anywhere , and bombing the pkk and their kurdish allies in syria is definitely not going to reduce tensions and make them less of a problem for turkey . 
  the kurds are now america 's main ally on the ground fighting . 
  america is n't going to let them be crushed , so when this is over they will remember that turkey bombed them while fighting isis and will take their revenge . 
  even if the pkk are a bigger enemy for turkey , bombing them is stupid and wo n't help them . 
  i do n't know about op 's other comments , but in this instance turkey have been far more of a hindrance in defeating isis than iran or egypt have been . 
  iran are actually on the ground trying to defeat isis , as well as all other rebel groups . 
  the middle east probably still would be a warring mess if the west had n't have fucked around in it . 
  but there 's no point throwing about what ifs when historically the west ** did ** fuck around in it and takes some of the blame for the current make up of the shit storm . 
  if we had n't have propped up the saudi 's for decades we may not have the problem with extremist salafis and wahabbis . 
  if we had n't have fucked around with iran the 1979 revolution may never have taken place . 
  if we had n't have armed the mujahideen to fight russia , the taliban may never have taken hold . 
  bad shit may probably would have happened anyways , but the west is partly responsible for how it turned out . 
  well russia have said they will negotiate assad leaving . 
  the bigger problem is france , and who ever else , would have to work alongside assad ( a government they have previously condemned and attempted to over throw ) , iran ( america 's long time enemy and saudi arabias arch enemy ) , and hezbollah ( a group who 've attacked israel on numerous occasions and are classed as a terror group ) . 
  any force going in to fight along side them is going to have to make a lot of concessions and temporary agreements with them . 
  exactly . 
  i believe these attacks are aimed at increasing resentment of muslims in the west . 
  increased resentmentioned will increase the alienation of muslims and their communities and encourage more muslims to be radicalised . 
  isis are aiming to create an army within the muslim populations in europe for an all out war . 
  based on that , far right groups and anti muslim groups need to make sure we keep connected to the muslim communities and stand in solidarity together . 
  while stepping up anti terror operations and attacking isis in syria and iraq . 
  otherwise we are going to have a much larger problem on our hands . 
  for there to be an attack in syria russia would have to okay it and france would have to accept assad being in power for now . 
  it 's complicated as the west have been supporting groups that oppose assad . 
  plus turkey do n't like assad or the kurds so they will kick up a fuss if we were to commit ground forces to help either . 
  they 've had a pretty bad week in syria so far . 
  their 18 month seige of kweires air base was broken , their forces routed and chased down . 
  they 've lost serious ground in allepo , and the kurds pushed them from a large town called al hawl . 
  russia , iran and hezbollah helping the syrian government is having an impact and america helping the kurds and iraqi army is also began to be effective . 
  if this keeps up they will lose a lot of their power in the coming months . 
  refugees should be sent home when their countries are safe . 
  granted some will evade authorities and some may be allowed to settle . 
  but the refugees are much lower risk than general migrants from the middle east . 
  refugees will hopefully be sent home when their countries are safe again so they should have the chance to reach second and third generations . 
  so the uk , to show a realistic situation , should technically allow necrophilic-beastiality . 
  so 40 percent wanted sharia in parts of the uk . 
  that 's higher than i expected but at the same time it 's only in parts of the country , presumably heavily muslim parts . 
  although the poll size is only 500 so is n't particularly large . 
  no problem . 
  i will add that i know bits and bobs about islam but i could certainly have gotten some of this wrong . 
  it 's not restricted to sufi islam . 
  shia and sunni both follow the quran where it explicitly tells them to follow the law of the land unless it is oppressing then . 
  wahabbis are a different breed of sunni islam that take everything to the extreme and use flimsy arguments to ignore parts of the quran when it does n't suit them . 
  for example , a large part of wahabbi islam is the idea that if muslims are not actively converting everyone/killing non believers they are considered infidels and should also be killed . 
  despite the quran saying there is no compulsion in religion or that killing an innocent is like killing all of humanity . 
  people say wahabbis extremists follow islam to the letter , but they do n't . 
  yet their god says to conform to the law of the land unless it is directly oppressing your right to be a muslim . 
  muslims who do it are ignorant twats . 
  i was adding to what he said not parroting it . 
  and can you provide a source on that ? 
  i do n't recall seeing polls on the subject where muslims want shariah in non-muslim countries . 
  exactly . 
  i have never met a muslim who has demanded shariah in a country where muslims are a minority . 
  the only muslims i 've seen doing that are the anjem choudary types who are complete arseholes and should not be given the time of day . 
  if people are so worried they better start smashing the babies out to level the playing field . 
  but would n't want to enforce shariah in a european country unless there was a muslim majority ... 
  those are things they believe should be law in a muslim country . 
  their belief does n't mean shit outside of shariah unless they 're ready to actually act on them . 
  and i ca n't imagine the number of muslims willing to personally execute an apostate is as high as 10/20 % . 
  you would n't change , but you 'd follow the law . 
  which is what we should expect of them . 
  asking them to fundamentally change is absurd and pointless . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  you do n't believe the story because it 's not a muslim ? 
  maybe they work evenings or non 9-5 hours . 
  where war and/revolution kicked both afghanistan and iran backwards . 
  the tendency to push back to consevativism was present in both , but the invasion of the soviets and the overthrowing of an autocratic western puppet were major turning points in each of their respective histories . 
  and i think that 's an important thing to note , the conservative islam was already there and became prevalent through instability . 
  this has happened in several islamic countries , where a long standing status quo was broken and a more conservative islam pushed through . 
  it happened in egypt after the arab spring and algeria in the 90 's . 
  extremism can flourish in a chaotic conservative environment and the west needs to be far more careful about who it wants over thrown if it does n't want to help more extremism take hold in the middle east . 
  they 're not animals that you can just house train with a carrot and a stick . 
  they 're complex human beings whose wants , needs and motives will vary . 
  simplistic methods and reasoning wo n't help a situation like that . 
  the government are still a part of the country and it 's people . 
  and historically , traitors were the people who betrayed the government . 
  or what if they do n't see them as traitors ? 
  they may see them as lost souls who need to be brought back to reality , while being punished if they had broken the law . 
  and even so , if a community is half way to radicalisation , pushing them all the way is beyond idiotic and is down right dangerous . 
  they need de-radicalising . 
  so you execute one person for being a traitor . 
  now you have a whole family and all their friends who probably think it was unjust . 
  a whole muslim community could be slighted by it and could increase radicalisation . 
  so instead of de-radicalising them and / or sending them to jail you have created several more potential terrorists who are already in your country .
