  he has n't really spoken much about them . 
  but i do n't think he cares that much because it 's not the image itself he gets upset by . 
  it 's the intent to hurt / disregard for muslims feelings about the faith that he cares about . 
  you really do n't understand how offensive it is to muslims if you think that . 
  my father is very moderate . 
  he does n't pray because he does n't see the need to profess his worship of allah 5 times a day . 
  he drinks because he thinks alcohol is only bad when abused . 
  he does n't care about eating halal food . 
  he thinks the majority of even his own family who follow islam more closely are crazy for doing so and he despises the likes of isis . 
  he is just very charitable , does ramadan every year and does n't eat pork ( the last two i believe mostly out of tradition more than him thinking it 's a necessity ) . 
  but i can tell even he gets pissed off when the topic of drawing mohammed comes up . 
  i think many non-muslims such as yourself do n't actually understand how deeply ingrained it is in islamic culture not to depict prophets . 
  while i do think that is funny . 
  people have to remember feelings are relative . 
  depicting mohammed is deeply offensive to most muslims . 
  it seems stupid to non muslims , but we are much more used to taking the piss out of ourselves and our cultures . 
  maybe they should get used to it , many are . 
  but it does n't change the fact that there will be some who are angry and stupid enough to kill over it . 
  i am wondering what the response would have been if this was a `` draw a holocaust victim '' competition . 
  many would be deeply offended and some would definitely question if free speech would protect something so offensive . 
  would that be fair ? 
  technically yes , but the whole narrative has warped into you can not under any circumstances draw mohammed . 
  most muslims i know get very offended by the drawings but are neither angry or uneducated enough to think killing someone over it is ever okay . 
  i 'd hope the irish population and media would see through that argument . 
  people already drive and take drugs , it being illegal does nothing to stop that and it being legalised would probably have a positive effect on driving . 
  given that it would be accompanied by good drug education programs similar to anti drink driving ones . 
  that 's not to say the media would n't use the argument but it is flimsy at best . 
  also because it rarely seems to work . 
  we ca n't just fix the complex problems found in these countries by just throwing soldiers and money at it . 
  any western forces step foot in libya and many in the islamic world will rally behind al qaeda or isis to fight an insurgency . 
  it does n't matter how well intentioned it might be . 
  the west has meddled too much for the wrong reasons and yielded bad results ( look at how libya and iraq are doing now for perfect examples ) . 
  i honestly do n't know a good answer except for maybe encouraging egypt and algeria ( and whoever else ) to work at the problem themselves . 
  although , they 'd only do it if we `` helped them out '' with funding and many would see this as western meddling regardless . 
  in your case it is . 
  same here . 
  since i `` knew '' the language it was up to me to talk to everyone and attempt speaking greek . 
  besides kali mera , efcharisto , and parakalou nobody had any idea what i was trying to say . 
  it does sound a bit facist to be fair ( shit i ca n't believe i 've said that ) . 
  but executing them is about as facist and banishing them is just pushing the problem down the road . 
  it 's a difficult position and i think it 's probably the most pragmatic idea we have for now . 
  that 's sounds like a well thought out , non-knee jerky idea . 
  not only would that be illegal under european law , it would be unjust to treat them differently to other murderers and rapists and i would bet that family members / friends would find their treatment unfair . 
  it could alienate a population that already feel disenfranchised in parts and could potentially increase that chance of terrorist attacks on european countries . 
  so as i said . 
  arrest them , charge them for what crimes we can prove they did and the ones who joined but can not be charged for serious crimes should be re-educated before release . 
  exactly . 
  i knew ukip were full of shit when they did n't outright oppose ttip . 
  they go on and on about uk sovereignty , yet seemed to be almost silent on a bill that could hand our sovereignty over to us corporations . 
  nothing . 
  we ca n't help them . 
  just like we ca n't help the people murdered and raped in our own countries , but we 're not executing them . 
  execute people believed to have fought for isis ? 
  that 's never going to happen and is counter to european ideals . 
  or is it okay to sacrifice our ideals to execute people we do n't like and consider dangerous . 
  we 'd be better jailing them and re-educating them when they return . 
  this is one thing i do n't understand about the uk immigration debate . 
  i understand unlimited immigration from the eu has some issues , but immigration from outside the eu is still quite large . 
  yet it 's rarely mentioned as thedebate is steered by ukip who are very euro centric in their immigration criticism . 
  it 's something the uk still has control of ( as far as i am aware ) . 
  some trump supporters just like bullying obvious , but peaceful , protesters and sometimes attack them . 
  you 've made the claim , you have to provide the source . 
  that 's basic etiquette . 
  i think he said because of under 18s smoking weed and being loud . 
  but it was awhile ago so i do n't remember the specifics . 
  i met a guy when i was travelling who 's parents were diplomats and so sent him to a diplomats school in the netherlands . 
  he said they never had house parties broken up , when they were teenagers , because they 'd all say it was a diplomats house and the police would leave them alone . 
  these arent my peers . 
  ive got a lot of left leaning friends and have n't seen a single person come close to reaching this level of idiocy . 
  you might think the entire left wing is like this , a lot of reddit sure does , but there are still a lot of us who are left and rational . 
  this level of `` do n't offend them '' bullshit barely exists in the uk . 
  i find it so bizarre that anyone could rationalise allowing something like child brides , just so we do n't offend them . 
  it 's ridiculous and dangerous . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah it just seems the only vocal people on the issue are apparently `` left '' . 
  i do n't know enough about the countries politics to comment on it that much . 
  but i would say i do n't know if i 'd agree with automatically detaining the older spouse . 
  technically they have n't broken a law , if the country they 've come from have legalised child marriage . 
  which , thinking about it , i do n't think there are any countries that officially recognise child marriage . 
  certainly split them up , make it clear it is illegal here and any sexual contact will result in their arrest and prosecution . 
  who the fuck are these shit bags that actually believe this ? 
  i 'd consider myself left wing and have been relatively pro refugee . 
  but i have no idea how anyone in their right minds could think that the right thing to do in the case of child marriage is to uphold the contracts . 
  fuck those idiots . 
  of course being poor does n't make crime okay . 
  but if we 're to take in refugees we ca n't decide to only take affluent refugees so we do n't have to deal with an increase in crime . 
  oh i completely agree . 
  the likely hood that he 's men were anything but mostly muslim is extremely slim . 
  i was just pointing out that the middle east and north africa is really not as homogeneous as people think . 
  say what ? 
  north africa and the middle east are actually incredibly diverse and heterogeneous in many places . 
  take syria for example . 
  ethnically they 're largely arab but are also kurdish , turkmen , levantine , persian , and numerous other ethnicities . 
  religiously they 're 60 odd percent sunni muslim , the largest minority is shia muslim , then druze , christian , jewish , and a few others . 
  or somewhere like algeria . 
  hut ethnically they 're arab , a good few berber , and possibly tuareg or some other tribal ethnicity . 
  the middle east is actually quite a diverse place and in some places they live relatively peacefully , at least until a power grab opportunity like the arab spring comes along . 
  i 'll see if i can find the map of syria that shows you the ethnic and religious make up of the place . 
  edit : [ i 've seen better than this but this map is alright ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/files/2013/08/levant_ethnicity_lg-smaller1-zoom.jpg&amp;w=1484 ), 
  they 're not allowing shariah patrols .
