new sealand ? 
  i ca n't even be bothered to argue anymore . 
  if you ca n't see that the deaths of so many innocent people is completely wrong then you are fucking sick in the head . 
  israel can say its hamas ' fault all they want but at the end of the day they are israeli bombs and mortars levelling homes and murdering people . 
  hamas could stop now and israel would carry on and find new reasons . 
  israel is a bullying cunt on steroids beating up a little kid , whose pocket money they stole . 
  the kid wo n't stop trying to fight back and keeps mouthing off so israel just hits him harder pushing all of the blame on him because he wo n't shut up . 
  it 's fucked up , seriously . 
  and no other country would accept having two thirds of their country taken off of them , then over the next decades having what was left eaten away bit by bit . 
  then being blamed for the loss of their land because they tried to fight for it . 
  now , when you 've been pushed so far by military occupation , theft of land , murder of its citizens ( i 'm not ignoring the fact that palestinians have killed many israelis in the past however ) how would you react ? 
  the proposed borders are being ignored , international conventions are being ignored , human rights are being ignored , the settlements that the whole world deem illegal are continuing despite international pressure . 
  the palestinians feel helpless so no winder they 've turned to an extremist organisation . 
  so if they are given autonomy , given hope they should in theory turn away from extremism . 
  but israel is n't allowing that because they do n't want that . 
  they want hamas to continue what they 're doing so they can continue to bomb and destroy while continuing expansion into palestinian territory until there is not palestine left . 
  possibly . 
  it 's hard to know until they try . 
  but bombing the hell out of gaza and invading it is only increasing anger and making more support for hamas . 
  if israel just defend themselves , not aggressively assault gaza over the rockets , they can protect their people and start trying to build trust . 
  well the fact is israel will only be removed by genocide of its people . 
  not only is that jot going to happen , it should n't happen . 
  modern countries should n't be built on such bloodshed . 
  israel is developed enough that they wo n't be removed . 
  so having a goal of removing them is unrealistic and counter productive . 
  a two state solution , in my opinion is the only option . 
  they should n't , but they do exist now . 
  that has to be accepted of they are to move on into something workable . 
  i completely agree . 
  if israel were really intent on peace negotiations and dealing with this problem they would stop , and pull back all the settlements as a show of trust . 
  then they should have serious negotiations about lifting the blockade of gaza on the condition of hamas stepping down / being removed . 
  israel are the ones who will need to make the first steps towards building this trust as the palestinians know they will lose a lot of they are fucked over by israel . 
  if trust is n't built by them , hamas will continue to exist and fight back . 
  i completely agree that we should n't have to be in the eu for it but with our current government oi like having the security there . 
  more so is the protection in workers rights and maternity rights that seem to be a pain for companies that i can see being repealed for some bullshit reason if we were n't in the eu . 
  the track record of the conservatives for terrible , crippling policies that hit the poorest the hardest is just unbelievable to me so i do n't let anything be too shitty a move for them . 
  thanks for that . 
  i entirely understand that they are seperate , but the eu parliament still passes laws on human rights issue incase you did n't know . 
  for example , in 2007 the lisbon treaty was passed that included making the eu charter for human rights a binding document for all member states . 
  that is the eu legislating on human rights . 
  however i was wrong to discuss the conservatives discussion to leave the court of human rights alongside the eu legislating human rights for which i apologise . 
  it 's still an outside body from the eu holding legislation that the uk must adhere to , so in essence is a sound argument in my opinion . 
  i find your dismissal of my argument somewhat ridiculous . 
  especially since i did n't link the ecrh directly to the eu parliament . 
  but thank you for debating in an intelligent and mature manner . 
  i thought it was rather obvious cyridius was using slavery purely as an example . 
  and i think it is entirely necessary that the eu shoud legislate on human rights issues or workers rights etc. 
  i ca n't trust our government to uphold them in the slightest and would much rather have an outside power who does not bow to ignorant voices . 
  for example in the the abu hamza debacle , the conservatives were considering leavng the eu human rights courts so they could deport him more easily . 
  they genuinly wanted to try revoke every britains human rights just so they could deport one arsehole . 
  seriously that is fucked up . 
  i love having the eu there keeping the shitty conservative government in check ( only very vaguely though ) . 
  i did spanish and welsh and school and hated learning both . 
  i dropped them after year 9 and it was n't untill i got to college that i realised how much i hated being monolingual . 
  i think brits kind of have the world against them , in my opinion , since a good amount of people in almost any country speaks some english . 
  plus most of our tv and media is english so we 're less inclined to learn a language out of convenience . 
  instead i find most learn out of interest , like myself . 
  ive begun learning arabic and a little german . 
  edit : correcting phone autocorrects . 
  i thought that 's what you meant . 
  while i do understand english , your writing of it there was slightly ambiguous . 
  do you realise roma =\\ = romanian ? 
  to be honest it 's not strange when you realise the media cares about making money above all else . 
  they 'd rather play off peoples fear and emotion than present something like the immigration debate using facts since fear and emotions is what will encourage the average person to pick up the paper . 
  i posted this to my facebook and had a debate with some friends but the only ones who tool notice of it were the people who already had similar opinions to me so it was a bit fruitless . 
  we shall see in the cingonths whether the facts i 'm that link prove to be right over the fear of a romanian/bulgarian take over . 
  that was a remarkably well written and informed article and i sincerly thank you for linking it . 
  i 'll now post in on facebook for it to be ignored by the rabid anti immigration brigade . 
  edit : missed a word . 
  anything north of bristol is north enough for me haha . 
  but to be fair , i see north wales as the north . 
  then i look at the map and realise newcastle is twice the distance from south wales than north wales is . 
  by soft spot , do you mean they knew how to find my `` scare you shitless '' spot when i was a kid ? 
  cardiff is a pretty diverse place . 
  but the problems i have living here are usually from scummy white chavs or arseholes out in town who are usually also white . 
  british people lapping up the racism and scare mongering from media like the daily mail and the sun . 
  and maybe the realisation that they do n't really work as hard as many eastern europeans do . 
  but that 's just speculation . 
  i think its mostly racism . 
  because that 's * really * going to help solve the issue is n't it ... never mind that the family could be british , as in born in britain but ethnically something else , so deportation might not even be possible . 
  only two of them even look remotely syrian . 
  it 's common in shia islam with the ayatollah in iran actually encouraging it . 
  but it 's also very common in egypt and yemen too and is more cultural than tied to shia or sunni islam . 
  only so much as us saying oh my god or swearing . 
  and the problem there is they are throwing stones , not that they are chanting allahu akbar . 
  pick them out and vilify them for stone throwing but it seems to me that the anti-islam trend here is trying to pin it on islam to back up their hate/dislike of the religion . 
  again , you 're looking too far into it . 
  during the arab spring protests the protesters were shouting it too . 
  the police who were working were muslims , the government they were protesting against was full of muslims . 
  and yet they still used allahu akbar , not as a statement of superiority or anything sinister . 
  it 's just a very common phrase in the arab world that has been appropriated for almost any situation . 
  i 'm not at all apologising for this . 
  i 've said elsewhere that throwing rocks is never acceptable . 
  what i 'm saying is allahu akbar does not have the purposeful , sinister meaning that so many people here think it has . 
  i entirely agree . 
  i 've always found it a bit weird that most conversations an arab muslim has will contain thanks to god and all that . 
  it does sound creepy , but then i 've made my peace with it . 
  it 's just something they do and there 's little i can do to change it . 
  however , as you said , it 's a form of cultural indoctrination where this idea of god willing something , or it being thanks to god is so repetitively beaten into people from a young age . 
  i do n't know if this repetition came first of the zealotry preceded it but it 's ingrained in the culture .
