  if the countries dealing with refugees ca n't tell then you can at least partially blame them . 
  probably less problematic . 
  on the face of it they 're just people of different religions , but they have deep connections , good or bad , with other syrians that they do n't have with european christians . 
  their familiarity comes with baggage that could explain the violent attitude . 
  as other people have said , the problem is even in the main denominations the quran is still the literal word of god . 
  there 's no room to denounce any of it , just interpret it in a different way . 
  i believe there is a group of muslims , mainly in pakistan , called ahmadis who believe in another prophet after muhammed . 
  they are called kuffars by most muslims and are highly persecuted as such . 
  for the an enlightening like this to happen and be effective there will have to be a major shift in islamic societies that will not be as easily done as it was in christianity . 
  christianity had catholicism and a central authority in the vatican . 
  islam has no central authority , except for the unchanging message in the quran . 
  i imagine the muslims who have started this process will get a great deal of hate and almost certainly be called kuffars and blasphemers . 
  all i can think of now is `` the caliphate is coming '' along to the tune of `` holidays are coming '', 
  well iran has a very sizable amount of afghanis in their country as refugees already . 
  i do n't know about how many iraqi and syrians they have . 
  iraq and yemen are both in a state of war and have neither the stability or money to deal with refugees , although iraq has certainly been dealing with huge amounts of internally displaced people from their own country . 
  israel have said no to any refugees which is unsurprising and understandable . 
  theyre hated by every single one of their neighbours and admitting any refugees from these countries would be a huge security risk for them . 
  palestine ca n't even deal with its own refugees who are spread throughout the neighbouring countries and the world . 
  even if they could i ca n't imagine israel would be happy with large amounts of people entering palestinian territory due to security issues . 
  i believe qatar and bahrain both provide money for refugees but are similar to uae and saudi arabia in that they do n't want to make their countries available for asylum . 
  although they certainly will have taken refugees in , by choice or not . 
  kuwait and cyprus i do n't know about . 
  egypt i also do n't know about , but i do know the el new military government has been struggling with isis and al qaeda affiliates in the eastern part of the country for a while and they may be reluctant to take refugees for fear of them just being back up to the terrorist groups . 
  then again i 've not seen much of anything coming out of egypt with regards to the refugee crisis or even their stated position on the syrian civil war . 
  the refugees are people who have already fled to neighbouring countries . 
  they probably did n't want to or were not fighting isis i 'm the first place . 
  i completely agree . 
  israel has become this irrational object of hate in the muslim world . 
  sure israel was founded on land stolen from the majority native palestinians , and the relations have been awful since . 
  but this hate only led to wars where the arabs lost and israel gained a lot of ground . 
  and now , israel have been there long enough that the only way to take back the land is through genocide . 
  the muslim world needs to accept israel 's existence and use negotiations to get land back and form a palestinian state . 
  to address your point about muslim countries looking at their own problems . 
  that is a very difficult task that regular people have next to no ability to do . 
  a lot of countries had these strong autocratic leaders ( saddam , gaddafi , assad , mubarak ) because the countries have such complex internal relations that will explode when the leaders are gone . 
  these leaders often have very bad human rights records . 
  these countries can remove these leaders to try instill better governance at the massive risk of the country completely destabilising , as we have seen . 
  or they can focus on criticising israel . 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  and the anti semitism is partly a product of israel and is actions . 
  jews and muslims lived side by side for centuries and mostly got on . 
  but since the formation of israel hate for jews has sky rocketed , particularly in the middle east . 
  it 's certainly not fair that jewish people get blamed for israel but only the smarter/more educated muslims seems to get that they should blame the israeli government and not jews i 'm general . 
  probably not even arabic . 
  they 'd know phrases and passages from the quran , but they 'd probably be more likely to know pashtun or some other local afghani dialect . 
  they may not all go voluntarily . 
  but we make it clear they will be forced to leave if they do n't apply for permenant residence / are refused residence . 
  you 're talking about immigrants , i 'm talking about refugees . 
  refugees will be sent home / can apply for permanent residence when their home is safe enough to go home to . 
  the discussion about immigrants is a whole other can of worms . 
  fair enough . 
  the problem is it 's hard to properly stop the fake refugees . 
  especially if they come from within the same country . 
  but even if someone comes from a safe part of the country , what 's to say that part wo n't be wrecked with war within a few weeks/months when the battle lines shift ? 
  they might not be in immediate danger , but they 're still in enough danger to want to get the fuck out of dodge . 
  have these finns escaped their war torn country to refugee camps to live in pretty shit conditions , then to travel to europe to more refugee camps ? 
  comparing poor finns to refugees who 've experienced the horrors of war is pointless . 
  he 's living in damascus . 
  damascus has been relatively safe for some time and is n't anything like the rest of syria . 
  there are plenty of refugees coming from areas where assad/rebels / isis / kurds are clashing constantly who are in immediate danger . 
  not to mention the hundreds of thousands who 've fled regime held territory where many have been relentlessly barrel bombed by assad 's forces . 
  the point is , one guy in a relatively safe area is far from representative of the rest of the population , and if you use his example as a strong basis of your opinion then you 're biased and are clearly looking for reasons not to like the refugees . 
  same here . 
  i want to help the refugees and do as much as we can . 
  but if we have idiots coming in and attacking others , then we need to do something about it . 
  we should process them for the assault , finger print them , take their pictures and send them packing . 
  if they come back then we should be able to recognise them and throw them out again . 
   the problem arises when someone 's religious laws say that homosexuals , atheists and adulterers should be put to death -- as opposed to e.g. 
  someone 's religious laws that say that they should not eat beef . 
  this is certainly more problematic . 
  but then , we need to know what someones reaction would be if they were given the situation '' if you saw a homosexual person , would you ignore them , harass them or attack them ? '', 
  hopefully they 'd choose to ignore , but i 'd like to know what percentage may choose to verbally assault or physically assault . 
  that is the point where islamic teachings on the subject become incompatible . 
  so long as they believe something and do no harm , they can believe what they want . 
  the phrasing of the question about religious law is a bit funny , in my opinion . 
  i do n't necessarily think that `` religious law is more important to me '' means that `` shariah should overtake secular law '' . 
  a devout person of any religion would probably say that the laws of their religion mean more to them than their host countries law . 
  that 's not to say there are n't muslims , like anjem choudary , who would happily force shariah on all of us infidels if they got the chance , but i do n't think the question is quite clear on the context . 
  maybe it should be asked as `` if you are in a situation where your religion makes you break secular law , do you follow your religion or the secular law ? '', 
  even then , how severe is the situation/conflict ? 
  to me , the way these studies ask questions of shariah always seems to be too simplistic and without context . 
   the fact that it makes people angry is irrelevant it is if the law is unfair and pointless . 
   if you allow it to be worn , you 're basically assuming they wear it voluntarily . 
  i refuse to believe that the majority of women would wear these when given a real choice . 
  so you 'd rather punish them all ? 
  if a woman wears it voluntarily , then you 're punishing them . 
  if they do n't , then do you think the people forcing her to wear it are just going to roll over and let her go to the beach in a bikini ? 
  doubt it , they 'll probably not be allowed to go to the beach at all and so you 're punishing the ones who do n't wear it voluntarily . 
   it 's totally reasonable that there is a certain dress code in certain parts of a city - this is the case all over the world . 
  yeah there is a dress code . 
  but are they now saying no one is allowed on the beach fully clothed ? 
  or is it just muslim women ? 
  in which case , france would be starting to implement one rules for muslims and different rules of everyone else , which is seriously fucked up . 
  and ? 
  the burkini does not have a veil . 
  and i clearly said that some believe it is oppressive . 
  i personally feel women should be allowed to cover up or go topless on a beach . 
  it 's their bodies and so their decision . 
   ok , so the laws should be changed based on whether or not people have a problem with it ?
