  how do you stop them ? 
  your plan sounds draconian and ill thought out . 
  and so what if it 's been done since the beginning of civilisation ? 
  that 's no justification for anything . 
  muslims can argue that cutting the hands off of thieves has been done for millenia but that does n't justify them doing it . 
  homosexuals have been hated and marginalised for millenia too but that again does n't justify doing so . 
  what about edward snowden ? 
  he betrayed the country that sheltered him , gave him warmth and electricity . 
  should he be executed too ? 
  this is where simple patriotism turns into ugly nationalism . 
  there are many things greater than this . 
  rape ? 
  torture ? 
  so you advocate the death penalty for someone who 's not actually broken the law ? 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  surely having the death penalty for these people you call traitors will only push them further and encourage then to hate the west more . 
  it will easily be spun as executing people for being muslims and could be an added tool for radicalisation . 
  and justice does not demand that , you do . 
  there 's nothing just in it and the death penalty has never been a good deterrent for crimes . 
  i 'd imagine using the death penalty on people who so strongly believe in the after life and martyrdom will deter very few and possibly even encourage suicide bombing . 
  if they 're going to die anyways for being caught they may as well blow themselves up and become martyrs how they like . 
  edit : a word, 
  i 'm sure i read that he 's already spent a year in jail and this was an additional punishment . 
  possibly . 
  and possibly because they know the problems that can follow alcohol and football . 
  some states allow alcohol , but not being drunk in public . 
  so maybe they 've outright banned it because they know it will be impossible to police the drunk in public law . 
  why is the state trying to weed out all the great student entrepreneurs !, 
  alcohol being forbidden is fundamental , yes . 
  but punishing non-muslims for drinking it is not at all forbidden . 
  that is pushing shariah on non-muslims which is not allowed . 
  of course , saudi arabia does n't care because it 's crazy but many other states do not prohibit alcohol for non-muslims . 
  he must have been a big time dealer with that whole 3 grams . 
  polands justice system must be massively fucked up to let such a danger back on the streets on probation . 
  it 's likely that a man of his age would have trouble surviving that many lashes and can be seen as effectively a death sentence . 
  ah yes that sounds about right . 
  what did the kid do to get given crucifixion ? 
  yep a twenty year old man was sentenced to crucifixion for blogging recently . 
  there 's been a lot of uproar about it but i do n't think he 's been killed yet . 
  if this was happening for a japanese delegate , or an african delegate would it even be a story ? 
  i feel like people on my think it 's such an attack because they 're doing it for a muslim . 
  ca n't afford to grandstand is one thing . 
  purposely backing one of the worst human rights offenders for head of the human rights council is hypocritical and just down right insane . 
  well we have seen various occasions when an islamic group hosting a talk of some sort have enforced gender separation and i believe had gotten in trouble for doing it some muslims will certainly try but ultimately they can choose to separate themselves , which is their perogative . 
  in that situation the law of the land does not cause them to directly contradict their beliefs . 
  i 've met plenty of muslim women who have no problem sitting next to males , and plenty of muslim men who will sit next to women and befriend them . 
  although there definitely seems to be a common idea that once married a muslim man and woman can not have friends of the opposite sex . 
  i do n't have many personal friends who are muslim and married , but the few i do know through work are happy to befriend members of the opposite sex . 
  bear in mind that this is in a university so these are examples of quite educated people . 
  also one of the women is from malaysia so she has very different cultural quirks than a woman from the middle east . 
  in my experience most muslims will be happy to adhere to a countries laws as long as they do n't force them to directly violate a rule in islam . 
  there are passages in the quran that instructs them in this way . 
  it will also depend on the person . 
  you get fussy wankers in all cultures and creeds so you 'll inevitably find some muslims who refuse to follow laws for some stupid reason . 
  not really . 
  shariah encompasses a hell of lot more than just punishing homosexuals and apostates . 
  it 's rules for life , law , politics and society . 
  punishment of apostasy and homosexuality are tiny tiny parts that the reasonable muslims could happily omit . 
  it 's only been 60 years since the uk stopped punishing homosexuality so calling them barbaric , when within living memory one of the supposedly most civilised countries in the world practiced similar rules , is pretty silly . 
  or is there that fine a line between barbaric and civilised discourse ? 
  or you know , you could try welcome some , show them we 're all human and that killing homosexuals and apostates is wrong . 
  but no , we 'll banish them to their `` shit countries '' where i 'm sure they 'll have an epiphany during their impoverished unstable lives and come around to our thinking through tough love . 
  fool proof plan you got here mate . 
  i guess you can make that comparison if you 'd like . 
  humans are humans regardless of what they do . 
  you can not pock and choose who is and is n't human . 
  hitler was human , an extremely shitty one but still human . 
  and go ahead , anyone who kills over taking offense deserves jail . 
  i do n't believe in the death penalty so i do n't think we should kill them . 
  and that 's fine , you can do as you please so long as you do n't hurt some one in my opinion . 
  i think you 're an arsehole for it but you have the right to do it . 
  and yes muhammad was n't very good person by our standards and was a war lord . 
  he had some good messages early on about freedom of religion , the importance of knowledge and learning and was a progressive by the standards of the time . 
  unfortunately his later life was one of war where his violent side came out . 
  he is not a good role model for people today unless we ignore the war/violence side of his life . 
  but it was n't our place to remove saddam ( saddam was also pre arab spring ) . 
  saddam was almost a friend when he was fighting iran , despite him murdering kurds and oppressing iraqis . 
  but when he starts doing as he pleases our human rights radar blew up and he suddenly became this monster we had to remove , and used 9/11 as an excuse even though he had nothing to do with it . 
  it sounds like we 're basically on the same page then . 
  thinking about charlie hebdo , i understand they find images of muhammad offensive but i do not sympathise with it as offence is something you choose to take . 
  with 9/11 i understand the motives and can even sympathise with the motives so what considering how unbelievably shit the american government has been around the world . 
  the fact that civilians were targeted makes it near impossible for me to go any further than slight sympathy . 
  seriously . 
  i do not and would never condone the killing of a single person for pretty much any reason . 
  but i can see what their motives were and understand why they felt like they did . 
  again , not condoning the actions in any way , shape or form . 
  grow u and realise the world is not all black and white . 
  as much as you 'd like to demonise terrorists , they are still human and still have human emotions and motives . 
  apostasy and homosexuality are topics that islam has a long way to go before they are in line with accepting them . 
  but 59 % of british muslims preferring to live under british law is higher than i 'd have expected . 
  while muslims ideally would want to live under shariah that does n't mean they want to force a country to do so . 
  any reasonable/respectable muslim would say that the law of the land supersedes islamic law so long as it is not in direct violation of their beliefs ( ie every person has to by law drink and eat pork would obviously be ignored and islamic law would take precedent ) . 
  and they should only want shariah to actually be implemented in a majority muslim country where non-muslims are not subject to follow shariah . 
  supporting and `` having sympathy '' with the charlie hebdo terrorists are not the same at all . 
  having sympathy means they can understand their motives while still leaving room to think their actions are wrong . 
  when looking at the actions of the us around the world , i can sympathise with the motives for 9/11 , but it does n't mean i at all support what actually happened . 
  but he did spearhead the invasion that led to greater instability in the region . 
  sunni 's and shia 's were n't on good terms but atleast it was n't an all out civil war . 
  yep , all they need is an arabic speaker from the region and they 'll easily be able to tell who 's actually from syria . 
  and people coming from afghanistan or elsewhere who try to pretend to be syrian will be easily caught out as many only know buts of arabic from the quran and that 's it .
