  sets everything in fire ? 
  i went to a conference in berlin a few years back and i remember there was a german professor speaking who now worked in california . 
  he was quite young and really nice guy and i spoke to him quite a bit during one of the lunch periods . 
  anyways , we had a conference meal in the reichstag one night that included as much wine as we wanted . 
  haha , do n't ever tell that to a brit . 
  we drank a ridiculous amount of wine and ended up being kicked out for being too leary and we had apparently drunk all the wine we 'd actually been allocated . 
  our group carried on drinking at a few bars and rocked up at our hotel at 4 am . 
  we were absolutely plastered . 
  the next morning we wake up having to go to the final day of the conference . 
  this just was n't going to happen but we convince ourselves we can do it and get on the train . 
  it did n't happen though . 
  we got off , got a train back and got off at a stop to find somewhere to die . 
  and who do we see , that same professor , also hung over , eating a bratwurst laughing at the state of us . 
   the people above do not live in an islamic society . 
  they very obviously live in a western european country . 
  and the ` history ' of the hijab here , is an entirely different one compared to the one in islamic countries . 
  is it ? 
  do you have evidence to show that in europe did n't wear the hijab until 20 years ago ? 
  i say the history of the hijab in islamic countries because the islamic world is very intertwined and connected . 
  i ca n't imagine western muslims being drastically different than any other muslim and the hijab is pretty much universally accepted as the standard for `` modest '' dressing in muslim women . 
   if you wear a hijab in an islamic country , you 're a regular citizen . 
  if you wear one as a citizen of a western democracy , it 's an ideology thing . 
  or it 's a choice to dress in the modest way they would like ? 
  they are free to do so and western liberalism relies on the idea that people are free to behave and do as they like so long as they do not hurt someone or incite hatred . 
  that 's not at all what i said or meant . 
  i should clarify that i meant that in free countries , like those in europe , where there are no laws forcing them to wear it . 
  they will say it is their choice and you ca n't prove it if it is or is n't . 
  if you asked many women wearing hijabs they 're probably say they wear it out of choice and to stay to true to their faith . 
  you ca n't prove it was forced on them by nothing but their society and religion , which is just a sign of conservatism that you claim is different to being oppressed . 
  that is entirely false . 
  hijabs have been the absolute norm in islamic society for centuries . 
  places like lebanon and syria have been more lax on it recently with many muslim women loosely wearing the hijab or not wearing one at all . 
  but to say the hijab is a sign of an islamist is , frankly , laughable . 
  if you actually meant the niqab or burka then i 'd agree . 
  i 'm not defending sweden 's rape rate i 'm attacking the exaggeration that it is `` rape capital of the world '' . 
  i wholly admit that migrants have caused an increase in rapes and it needs to be dealt with . 
  but i hate that the migrant hating right wing will exaggerate reasonable points to ridiculous scale . 
  you want people , especially the left , to get on board with you on this ? 
  stop talking about `` invasion '' and `` rape capitals '' and start talking about it in a level headed , less inflammatory way . 
  it 's hard to get passed the incredibly hateful and unhelpful rhetoric without thinking the right wing is full of nazis that we can not side with . 
  well that 's not an easy thing to answer , at all . 
  but i get the feeling that sitting around blaming migrants wo n't stop any rapes or change any potential rapists thinking . 
   so , do you think it is good ? 
  the rape increase ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  sweden is not the rape capital of the world by any metric than the far right 's propaganda . 
  you can say it 's the reported rape capital of the world , because it has a high report rate . 
  but to think sweden is worse than places like india or the congo is fucking absurd . 
  go to the congo where rape has been described as an institutionalised weapon and fucking tell me sweden is worse . 
  but its a great sound bite for anti-immigrant rhetoric so we 'll see it repeated forever regardless of actual truth . 
  edit : and i 'm not disregarding the increase in actual rapes that has happened because of immigration . 
  it has happened , i just do n't believe it has become the rapelandia that the far right claim it is . 
   yet they do n't go back . 
  they do n't go back the economies usually suck and the countries are unstable . 
   it 's because they are taught from young age ajit a cult and are segregated and told only to hang out with that cult and fed propaganda . 
  woah , you got actual evidence of that besides your own bias and bullshit websites like religionofpeace.com ? 
  i certainly never grew up in that environment . 
   no , because the west evolved . 
  islam commanded muslims to do so . 
  read about them . 
  like i said . 
  largest genocide in history . 
  the west evolved at the expense of many of those countries . 
  france killed a million algerians only 65 years ago because they wanted independence . 
  iran is still reeling from the effects of britain and america deposing mossadegh and imposing a secular but brutal dictator . 
  syria and iraq have been boiling over for decades after the imagined lines of sykes and picot . 
  same in africa . 
  but i have read briefly about the mughal empire and what it did . 
  it was the bloodiest , and considered by many to be one of the most horrible , regimes in history . 
  my father mentioned them with disgust in the past . 
  some of them are but it 's far from an exclusively muslim problem . 
  and gangs by definition are a problem . 
  a muslim gang does n't represent muslims in the same way that a gang of white chavs do n't represent white people . 
   yet the average muslim believes adulters should be stoned , homosexuality should be killed and all nations should have sharia law . 
  your father is an extremely liberal muslim , as shown by pew . 
  he is very liberal , i know that . 
  he still whole heartedly believes in allah but he does n't believe in imposing it on anyone , even his own kids . 
  i completely agree that the views of many muslims is a big problem , but i think we disagree with how we best think to tackle it . 
   never said the people were evil . 
  i said the ideology and religion is . 
  never would advocate genocide . 
  i advocate not spreading dangerous ideas . 
  treat islam the same way we treat fascism , communism , racism , because it 's just as bad . 
  but islam is not the same as any of those . 
  they share some qualities but islam , and religion in general , is far more entrenched and pervasive . 
  many simply believe in islam and that 's it . 
  forcing them to abandon it or else will do no good . 
  the best hope for islam is for the middle east to stabilise and for islamic thought to pull away from desperation and extremism . 
  it needs peace , and the west has given it a destroyed libya ; two invasions of iraq that has descended in to the worst terrorist organisation taking hold ; invasion of afghanistan ; unconditional support of israel ; allowance of the extremist saudis to continue to fund extremism because oil and money ultimately rules geopolitics . 
  this has all been happening in the last 30 years . 
  the islamic world is fucked and the trends will take a long time to change . 
  heavily penalising muslims in the west , in my opinion , just wo n't go well . 
   integration is poor as shown by pew when looking at even the developed countries with huge 2nd and 3rd generations muslim populations . 
  a lot of thought is being put into why 2nd and 3rd gen muslims tend to become more extreme . 
  it 's possibly down to alienation and feeling connected to an idealised nation/culture that their parents left behind . 
   islam was radical and evil long long before afghanistan and iraq . 
  the biggest genocide in the world was committed by muslims against indian hindus buhhdists and sikhs . 
  is that islam or is that muslims ? 
  back then everybody was fighting wars , forging empires and killing innocents . 
  saying islam is inherently evil because it 's followers formed empires that killed people is bullshit .
