  all they have to do is focus on immigration and pull out the figures of how much goes to the eu ( 50 million pound a day or whatever it is ) while neglecting to mention everything we get back in science funding , eu grants for whatever and the benefits of the common market place . 
  they have the power to paint the eu in such a bad light while playing on the average joe 's fears . 
  yeah ... that 's not going to happen . 
  shit rags like the daily mail will be hitting the anti eu propaganda hard on the run up to the election . 
  and people will listen to it . 
  the guardian will post plenty of pro eu propaganda but they 're far less influential in public perception of issues than the daily mail or the sun . 
  and drone strikes in pakistan are targeting the pakistan taliban who support the afghani taliban who we did actually go to war with . 
  if you consider that extra judicial then surely targeting isis would also count . 
  i really do n't want to feed the troll , but they 're making it so hard not to . 
  yeah all those poor zionists who had no country except for the dozens of european ones they lived in . 
  they had countries , plenty , just not in the middle east . 
  the jews who actually stayed in the middle east had lands to live on alongside palestinians . 
  they did n't have a country for the same reasons the palestinians did n't . 
  their book does n't tell them to do anything of the sort . 
  christians and jews are `` people of the book '' in islam and are considered as friends to islam . 
  any part of the quran or hadith that talks of violence against them are probably with respect to war time . 
  so the quran did not tell them to do it . 
  however , you can imagine cultural tensions between christians and muslims could have easily left resentment and hate that has led these people to behave in such a disgusting way . 
  as well as some muslims being ignorant to , or just plain ignoring , the rules where they use misinformation or out of context passages to justify their actions . 
  not really . 
  zionists have a political agenda that can be seen as harmful to the palestinian people and state . 
  being jewish has nothing to do with it . 
  they 're just arseholes . 
  simple as that . 
  same as the pricks who threw the christian refugees overboard . 
  the religion identified the division but they did it because they are stupid arseholes . 
  many already do see that some of what muhammad did is not acceptable in today 's world . 
  unfortunately , islam having 1.6 billion followers , many of whom are located in poor or war torn areas , means that even if 0.1 % are bad apples then we still have a sizeable amount that cause problems . 
  i 'd be considered leftie by most but i fully agree with this . 
  if the islamic ts ca n't play nice they should be forceably moved to somewhere less to their liking . 
  if they want to stay they can learn to be adults and learn that they ca n't bully people like this . 
  nah , replace `` jews '' with `` zionists '' and you 're closer to be correct . 
  so you chose to ignore part of the sentence but remembered the part where i mentioned muslims i knew and chose to insult them . 
  really nice person you seem to be . 
  i 'm not arguing for the pictures being band . 
  it 's free speech and i do not think muslims should get so pissed off about it . 
  i 'm just saying it 's a bit stupid and no one really gains anything from doing it . 
  all that will.happen is some self righteous twats will claim a meaningless victory for free speech while millions of muslims will be hurt by said self righteous teats intent to hurt them . 
  and then some angry ignorant muslims may do something illegal and stupid about it . 
  wins all around for everyone right ? 
   the picture it 's self is offensive but what hurts them more is the intention of the person who draws it to offend them . 
  i know and the muslims i know exactly why prophets are n't allowed to be drawn in islam . 
  but apparently you 're too stupid to remember the contents of the first sentence i typed . 
  it is the intent of the drawing to hurt muslims they hate more , not he drawings themselves . 
  im not saying that it should receive special treatment . 
  i 'm saying that comparing it to christianity on this point is unfair and pointless as they do not share the common factor of banning / disliking depicting prophets . 
  religions are n't equal . 
  they all have different positives and negatives and all have different histories . 
  it is a pointless comparison because your comparing christianity and islam on a factor that is not common to both religions . 
  it would be like comparing the aptitude for whites and blacks to survive malaria . 
  whites would obviously look better because malaria is non existent in most white dominant countries while it is endemic in many parts of africa . 
  you could say blacks are very poor at fighting malaria when really it 's that malaria is common in africa white is mostly comprised of blacks . 
  it 's not a fair comparison . 
  just as comparing violence over cartoons is n't fair . 
  it does n't . 
  it does relate to religious violence however . 
  which is a more important point . 
  disliking the drawing of prophets is specific to islam so of course you wo n't see a christian getting angry and violent about it . 
  it 's pointless comparing the two . 
  the drawing if muhammad targets them specifically . 
  they also dislike the drawing of anyone they consider a prophet including jesus , moses and abraham . 
  but none are quite to offensive to them as drawing muhammed . 
  it is they 're problem . 
  i get so exited annoying dem . 
  from muslims i 've spoken to , including parts of my family , the picture it 's self is offensive but what hurts them more is the intention of the person who draws it to offend them . 
  it targets specifically them which is why they are so alienated by it . 
  bear in mind offending people in most islamic cultures is very frowned upon . 
  oooop !, 
  you made a spelling mistake so are clearly an uneducated heathen who 's arguments are wrong by default . 
  yes i probably should have said that . 
  they all play parts . 
  i 'd say poverty and instability push people to extremism and religion dictates where the anger and hate goes . 
  but you do see christians in africa burning witches , murdering homosexuals , forcing children into war as child soldiers , attacking muslims just because their muslims . 
  the point here is not about their religion but the level of poverty and instability in their home countries . 
  racist is the wrong word , as so many people like to point out for a technical win . 
  bigoted is more appropriate . 
  while purposely alienating and angering millions of others . 
  i understand the need to exert our right to offend from time to time , i just do n't think the ends justify the means here . 
  yes we should be allowed to . 
  but all that does is prove the point at of my last question that it 's being done purely `` because '' . 
  there 's nothing constructive in it , nothing that 's actually going to produce a result that has any substance . 
  i should be allowed to eat my own shit in public , but doing so does nothing useful . 
  only an immature child would do so to prove a point . 
  why is it good ? 
  what point is he making ? 
  will the end justify the means ? 
  what 's the point in intentionally pissing off millions of people if the only point is `` because we should be allowed to '' ? 
  not helping fuck up countries in the first place is better , but captain hindsight is of little use now . 
  i certainly am . 
  no it 's not , but they do ask for donations to `` tackle the animal abuse issue '' when they actually have no plans to do so . 
  so in effect are conning people out of money . 
  and they also do put posts up about bringing back hanging for paedophiles and rapists , which i personally disagree with as i do n't condone the execution of anyone . 
  britain first 's facebook pages regularly get someone wanting to `` bring back the gas chambers '' for one reason or another . 
  they really are a bunch of hateful bastards . 
  i do n't really think they were . 
  i think they were just a statement to show free speech should extend to everyone . 
  most muslims welcome critique of islam and discussing it , but do n't see depicting mohammed as critique and more as an attack on them . 
  i do find it weird how personal many muslims take things like the cartoons . 
  although , i think the reaction of some people saying `` screw you guys , we can draw what we want '' after many muslims had come out and said how offended they were , was partly aimed at hurting muslims . 
  one thing i will say though is , france showed double standards in backing the charlie hebdo drawings but banning a muslim comedian they thought was anti semitic .
