you dont look weak at home if you dont act weak . 
  dont put everything on propaganda , its not 1930 's germany or modern ukraine ffs . 
  no secret ? 
  its not britney spears we 're talking about , there 's not much known for certain about him to begin with . 
  excuse to attack chechnya ? 
  in ~ 1994 when he stepped on the stage there wasnt any need for excuses , war was raging enough as it is . 
  and with all the stupidity and corruption of ru authorities of that period , you still cant seriously claim they 'd do smth like that on purpose . 
  thats the problem with you guys , you still cant take responsibility for your fails . 
  the fact that you couldnt or didnt want to see radical islamists for the disaster they were wasnt some malicious russian conspiracy - it was your short-sightedness at best and fatal mistake at worst . 
  want to exploit them for your war effort - fine , but dont complain later , when they will end up exploiting you . 
  as a poet would say , if you make a deal with the devil - you lose your soul in the process . 
  but dont take it too personal - you were neither the first nor the last ones who tried to cultivate jihadists for momentary benefit and face terrible consequences in the nearest future . 
  here , take a look at your brethen in nusra https://vk.com/video123693811_167130668 - its actually quite hilarious for those who can comprehend that broken russian mixed with arabic and whatnot . 
  the idea is that `` russian '' establishment in nusra grew to the extent that there 's ( was , they are dead now ) fitnah among them with real firefights ; and that gentleman is releasing statement in russian ( well he tried his best ) for another group to end this fitnah and continue jihad together . 
  now is it some conspiracy by fsb or cia or muhabarat to plant discord and discredit nusra , or is it just true nature of radical islamist morons , carrying the torch of those who seemed such a convinient allies in 1990 's ? 
  so they had fighters ready and targets spotted ... why didnt they do it , say , a week ago ? 
   and , yes , khattab came to our soil for war , and russia gave him free passage to chechnya now thats not even funny anymore ... 
  yes its damn logical - ichkeria leadership is a defenition of an `` epic fail '' unparalleled even by their russian vis-a-vis . 
  while typically you would expect a nation to unite under external threat , the amount of fitnah is just retarded . 
  even wiki overview shows the absurdness of the situation . 
  and plz stop blaming russia for all your problems , you remind me of ukraine . 
  excel file : http://demoscope.ru/weekly/ssp/rus_nac_89.xls 1989 census shows that there were ~ 300k russian + blr + ukr + armenians in checheno-ingush ssr , didnt bother to find more accurate info on exact parts of it , that would be 25 % of population . 
  so guess what happened to these ppl , also to inhushs living in would-be-ichkeria , in 1991 . 
  that goes for the whole caucasus btw . 
  well , you caught me by surprise here , up to that day i thought the only kadyrov opponents are those who blame him for being too soft and betraying ideals of jihad :d ok , bottom line , there 's peace now in chechnya , you can do whatever you like , talk your language , and worship anything you see fit . 
  i wish y' all come back to build a decent republic as a part of rf . 
  if thats not likely - well it will be done without you ( inshallah :d ) . 
  like it or not , chechen republic nowdays is populated by chechens , governed mainly by chechens and its future depends on you , the chechen people . 
  no one else will build it for you . 
  you call it ugly ? 
  but that 's how it is - and no one but you can make it better . 
  that thing with you , displaying non-existent state flair , bragging about oppression , blaming russia , whining about kadyrov from abroad ... 
  reminds me of ppl who fleed russia after 1917 . 
  in paris or zurich , they talked and talked about bizzare bolshevist regime , about good old days , about oppressed russian nation - but they were n't part of it anymore . 
  the country , with all its glory and misery was shaped , built and defended by those who accepted it as it is - not by those talking about what it should be . 
  blame russia , saudi arabia , or maybe allah itself - the fact still remains the same ; ichkeria goes to the waste of history into a trashcan labeled `` dark and twisted things of 1990 's ex-ussr '' ; what remains today is chechen republic that , with all it wrongdoings , is 100x times better than this abomination . 
  and i hope we will make it a place worthy of chechen people who i have the great respect of . 
  edit : stupidity and arrogance of eltsin 's gov ' t that was the main reason for the first war should go in the same trashcan . 
  oh can you stop this `` secular republic '' and `` unrelated republic '' bs jsut for once . 
  lets get it straight - by 1999 ichkeria was a medieval bloody mess ruled by a bunch of warlords , ruined economy , with human trade , raiding and pillaging as valid occupations , proclaiming jihads left and right , safe haven for various twisted foreign groups and posing obvious threat to adjacent regions . 
  you can say all you want about how your independence started - but thats what it ended to be . 
  yes , the situation is anything but easy , gl sorting out this mess . 
  1 ) its hardly a terrorism act , the society wasnt terrified , or cared at all , many would say its a good riddance 2 ) a man killed with a pistol - thats something even israel cant rule out , with their big , professional and hyper-paranoid security 3 ) he wasn important at all , just another clown who was somebody in 1990 's 4 ) the only thing that could be attributed to fsb 's fail is location indeed , but whatever . 
  edit : 5 ) go `` see the obvius '' somewhere else , dont bother me with it . 
  lets hope they 'd need to try harder than they did in paris . 
  harder the job - easier to fail . 
  time will tell . 
  lol true that :d, 
  well can you imagine morons with ak 's running all around moscow nowdays ? 
   so you are telling me that the ex kgb is n't operating in former ussr & stan countries ofc they do , but they efficency is vastly limited by the fact it being foreign country . 
  think of it as of cia operating in france . 
  well it seems that adjacent explosions damaged you brain if you think that its all about some independence . 
   if you prefer to see your countrymen killed to delay caucasian region independence by couple decades its not for you to judge what they died for . 
   are n't a problem as long as rebels do n't commit terrorist acts outside of caucasus region . 
  yes , that what i meant . 
  rip these brave man clearing all the viper nests for us to be safe , and caucasus to be calmer place than it was recently . 
  also , `` rebels '' ... wut ? 
  `` one man 's terrorist is an another man 's freedom fighter '' - i see which kind of man you are . 
  lol . 
  on a serious note - the thing france is experiencing right now - well , we had it in late 1990 's , since then we 've put unparalleled amount of effort and resources into anti-terror measures , and now fsb and police are arguably the most competent and experienced anti-terror forces in europe , although the learning process was hard and bloody . 
  i 'd hope that 1 ) european security will get their shit straight now and 2 ) russian security will prevent attacks this time . 
  the police on the streets now seems more paranoid than ever and rumors fly that fsb anti-terror division works day-and-night because something is coming . 
  not a big news really , russia have been living under a constant threat of terrorist attacks for like 20 years now , who cares what banner they fly this time . 
  btw , fyi its not caucasus that is a real problem . 
  that would be immigrants from middle asia ( tadjikistan , uzbekistan etc. ), 
  - huge territory , huge population , bad economic situation - perfect place for radical islam ideology to blossom ; and fsb cant control the situation because ... well these are foreign countries . 
  caucasus is spectacular region overall . 
  google `` caucasus views '' , to begin with . 
  ah , dynastic marriages , how i missed it < 3, 
  jeez , clicking this link 5th time over few hours , just to see that photo again . 
  well , i could go with a long list here ... :d, 
  this is not cattle farm . 
  ussr demographics clearly show huge drop of population due to the war . 
  repressions on the scale of ` tens of millions dead ' would result in the similar drop . 
  also , as he said , there 's no need in such evalutions because there are historical studies based on actual archive data , and , guess what , no ' tens of millions ' there . 
  yay , daily russia bashing thread !, 
   it is the real roots of ukrainian people so what these `` roots '' have to do with bandera-style nationalism of western ukraine ? 
  were they decendants of runaway serfs as well ? 
  and what does it have to do with territories conquered in 18th century from ottoman empire and then colonised by russian empire ? 
   the myth about ukraine being created in a goodwill of benevolent soviet government and stalin personally what `` myth '' ? 
  ukraine is a state , statehood means defined borders and existence of some form of goverment that is sovereign within these borders , you can have any identity you like , but that does not make you a state . 
  so yes , ukrainian state was indeed created by the soviets , ukrainian indentity , whatever it is , was not . 
  and it was not stalin , but lenin ; that was not `` a goodwill '' but political neccecity and short-sightness . 
   no need to belittle what happened in 2014 ; a `` coup '' would be an extremely simplistic description . 
  it was a revolution , no need to belittle the word `` revolution '' . 
  there were no fundamental changes - one part of elite seized power from another without consent of law , thats a coup . 
  for example , when noblemen conspired to assasinate czar ( petr iii ) to install their candidate ( ekatherine ii ) to the throne - that was a coup ; when czar was forced to resign and some kind of republic was established - that was a revolution . 
  feel the difference . 
  reminds me of [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iggtogpz5cs ) episode . 
  as for russia : a ) majority of ppl who were adult by 1991 had grown up after the war , and after the war , religion was wery much tolerated - temples were working , being a priest was a legit job etc. 
  note that , at least in orthodox tradition , you were supposed to wear a cross all your life if you were bapthised - and indeed many wore it , and its not like they were dragged to kgb for it . 
  you could have a wedding in a church , actually i have a funny story about a friend 's parents - when they desided to get married , she wanted to have ceremony in a church , and he was n't bapthised , so he had to do it , for priest to allow the wedding ritual lol . 
  islam was also tolerated , more than christianity actually . 
  b ) it 's wrong to attribute `` wave of religiosity '' mainly to `` people embracing their traditions and cultures '' . 
  well , it was a factor i guess . 
  but principial reason was just a total clusterfuck that had been going on in minds of former soviet people . 
  i wo n't go in details , but the events prior and after 1991 made it much more likely for a person to give in to religion or to alcohol . 
   they can just keep re-electing the politician they like ( at least in countries with no term limit ) , and everybody would be happy . 
  like putin ? 
  well , there 's a saying `` if you do n't build churches - you 'll end up building mosques '' that somewhat ( just a bit ) redeems it in case of russia .
