  so when your neughbour comes to you and shows his bank statement that this and this much money i have already received it makes it much more believable . 
  but ok , 200 % should ring some alarming bells . 
  - i am not sure if turkey is a trusworthy partner to make agreements . 
  i doubt there is genuine benevolent cooperation from their side . 
  they just milk money . 
  - visa free travel i find problematic - this is a great victory for erdogan and in this way we support his government - maybe all sides know promises about eu membership are empty . 
  but it is some sort of symbolic gesture to support erdogan . 
  and a great humiliation to eu that turkey enforced us to make those promises . 
  everyone knows turkey under erdogan cant be eu member . 
   `` lets close the borders and hope they sop coming '' . 
  this is not unrealistic hope at all . 
  but merkel refuses to make open announcment germany does n't anymore take refeguees except directly from turkey . 
  this could very well stop arrivals in greece . 
  i guess the turkey deal has influenced voter opinions . 
  it at least is a promise that some kind of solution might be ahead . 
  but : turkey deal has lot 's of very problematic aspects . 
  we are giving too much to turkey for this . 
  and let me guess : it was done because merkel wanted to manipulate voter opinions just before the elections, 
  but in the long term it might be that cdu will take more heavy losses if she does n't adapt something from afd program maybe somewhat modified . 
  but merkel personally has . 
  she can rescue her face and probably restore her already a bit shaken authority . 
  eu does n't need turkey to solve this and at least it should n't let turkey that easily to dictate the conditions . 
  this horrible agreement is panicking from merkel 's side before the elections . 
  not all cdu , spd voters support merkel 's refugee policy though . 
  i have seen polls showing the majority of all german 's doesnt support . 
  well , eu and germany promised urgent help already . 
  were they empty words only ? 
  this means they can continue further after payment or this being a `` fine '' after which they are returned back to greece ? 
  both sound bit like corruption ... 
  very responsible journalism . 
  attracting people into dangerous river crossing just to take some nice pictures when they drown . 
  prison is just the right place for these `` journalists '' . 
  just tell them not to come and wait until eu starts to take refugees from turkey . 
  what else can we do ? 
  why would they die ? 
  i would n't be too surprised if some of these `` reporters '' were helping to organize this new route . 
  did they succeed ? 
  and if they succeeded where would there go ? 
  there is serbian , croatian and slovenian borders still ahead . 
  all closed . 
  these kind of parties usually effect indirectly . 
  to prevent further lost elections the other parties gradually adopt their themes maybe a bit modified . 
  this has happened almost everywhere where these populist right wing parties have been succesful . 
  the most recent dramatic change took place in austria where fp\u00d6 went to 35 % in opinion polls and this made conservatives and social democrats to panic and change country 's immigration policy . 
  unlike some people here seem to claim , these parties have lot 's of effect . 
  an investment club that claimed to invest into forex markets with 200 % profits . 
  in reality they didnt invest into anything and all profits were paid from new investments . 
  in total they defrauded about 100 million from the investors . 
  the main architect of the ponzi scheme was hannu kailaj\u00e4rvi and he was sentenced to 5 years in prison . 
  it is somehow strange germany has no party that would favour stricter selective immigration policy but not because of nativism/nationalism/conservatism but because of common sense pragmatism . 
  you would expect this kind of party to benefit from immigration crisis . 
  or at least these parties are n't succesful in the elections . 
  thank you for your informative answer . 
  it gives some understanding why fdp has not been able to take advantage of the situtation . 
   how could we force that guy on the backwards homophobe autocrats of the world did the green media really critisice foreign minister being gay for that not being `` culturally sensitive '' towards wahhabist saudi arabia ? 
  wow . 
   reunification of germany '' means germany must get it 's lost territories back ? 
  so will spd . 
  what a bullshit . 
  many polls show 50 % + are unhappy with refugee policy . 
  immigration policy is just one topic among others . 
  immigration from muslim countries hasnt been a great success either . 
  maybe you could sometimes discuss this . 
  no need to believe every conspiracy theory . 
  resisting mass immigration from muslim countries is completely rational , you dont have to hate anything to think it is not that great thing . 
  thank you in advance . 
  some guys in hungarian jobbik seem to openly admire islam because of it 's illiberal values . 
  dont know whether they want muslim immigrants though . 
  conservative and fundamentalist religions definately are a plague on this planet . 
  but saying this thing aloud has recenty become `` racist '' when it is question of islam . 
  these right wing populist parties are a plague too but they rise only because of the mistakes made by the traditional parties . 
  like that retarded `` cultural sensitivity '' which has become so fashionable among certain kind of left and green `` intellectuals '' . 
  so maybe now learn from this and we can forget this party in the next elections . 
  why does media hate fdp ? 
  and why do n't those who oppose merkel 's refugee policy vote for fdp instead of afd ? 
  sounds like a rather traditional conservative party . 
  maybe a bit outdated to the 21st century what regards to gay and women rights . 
  most conservative parties have already revised their views in these topics . 
  but i do n't find anything `` national socialist '' in afd program . 
  and that `` shooting children '' was related to a question whether border guards have a right to use force protecting borders ? 
  and yes , they do have this right even though to you lefties this may be so hard to understand . 
   misogynist , anti-social , inhuman , racist , homophobic and autocratic party should n't they then welcome more islam to germany with open arms ? 
  so we must find some way to stop it . 
  and an excellent way is that we stop providing free better lifes to anyone . 
  eventually they will learn no free money is available here . 
  does saudi arabia get these `` better lifers '' ? 
  it is a filthy rich country though . 
  but people know if you want money from saudis you have to work . 
  i have nothing against financing camps in turkey . 
  but some solution must be provided to those who already have arrived in greece . 
  nato is just patrolling there without doing anything . 
  most people that still come have no idea about the situation at greece border . 
  one of the main reasons being germany is reluctant clealry to announce balkan route to be closed . 
  `` better life '' is economic migration . 
  eu countries have no legal duty to provide `` better life '' to anyone . 
  how do you know ? 
  greece can set up refugee camps by eu money . 
  when borders close , they eventually stop coming . 
  refugee camp is sufficient to take care of our legal commitments . 
  so there are no legal problems either .
