  e.g jews and sexual minorities . 
  the threat this time coming from the immigrants . 
  ok , we do it ourselves too , but after a long struggle things were finally going into better direction . 
  now it is again going worse . 
  not good at all and if these people dont integrate better this could have serious consequences . 
  lgbt and jewish communities are in very fragile position if large amounts of people are very hostile towards them . 
  formal legal antidiscrimination protection doesnt help much if beatings and violence once again come everyday things . 
   you want to vote for a party without even having read their fucking program ? 
  most voters do . 
  strange that finland ranks higher than sweden . 
  the only effective way to stop this madness would be temporarily to suspend geneva contract in the whole europe and then close the eu outer border . 
  then create safe zones , finance refugee camps and start to take people directly from the camps . 
  preferring the most vulnerable people . 
  but eu has no balls to do it because the border closure would look bad . 
  that is because european politicians are weak spineless idiots . 
  like retarded offspring of centuries old rich noble family who then waste and destroy everything because of becoming weak minded cretins not capable of anything else than shallow feel good policy . 
  for the f *** sake what idiocy from the eu . 
  we should bribe the libyan government so that they would do the rescue instead of eu . 
  maybe in cooperation with eu . 
  but instead of europe the guys would find themselves in tripoli . 
  yeah but they demonstrate just to feel good about themselves . 
  it should n't be taken too seriously . 
  ultimately they are illiterate peasants only and completely dependent on german welfare benefit . 
  they would n't kill the milking cow . 
   we need to provide we ? 
  but corrupt african dictators stealing from their own people do n't have to ? 
  mass immigration to europe is a horrible way to solve world 's poverty problem . 
  and it wont work . 
  there are billions in poverty . 
  african countries are themselves responsible for creating better societies and solving overpopulation problem . 
  eu can provide help to do this but we dont have any duty to open our borders for everyone to come . 
   almost every major religious or ethical tradition says that human life is equal regardless of where it 's born . 
  true . 
  but only communists say we should be financially equal too . 
  welfare fraud is not human right . 
  these people should be deported back to where they came from . 
   any person in poverty for reasons outside their control is a human rights violation . 
  no it is n't . 
  what happens to those who refuse ? 
  will this mean their application will get rejected ? 
  or do they eventually get to germoney ? 
  like those who avoid deportations by crying loud enough get what they want by getting `` emotional '' . 
  punish them with prison then if uncooperative . 
  you have some islands in the pacific . 
  great place for an internment camp . 
  to their country of origin . 
  if they dont cooperate detain them until they do . 
  if that doesnt help punish them with prison time . 
  why arent they then deported ? 
  they are not real refugees . 
  but they dont have schengen visas ? 
  meaning they are illegally in eu ... 
  why does n't france offer them possibility to apply for asylum ? . 
  if they refuse , they are illegal immigrants and can be deported . 
  isis is not an ordinary political movement , religion or ideology . 
  it is a criminal organization and that is why promoting it is a crime . 
  probably just a blackmail trick . 
  `` if you do n't pay more and faster , we 'll go with ruskies . '', 
  i knew they get paid for participating accession talks but this much !, 
  and all is wasted !, 
  turkey should return the money . 
  they clearly have n't done their part !, 
   this money for 3 ` million refugess ' not us . 
  and you are yourself partially guilty for the refugee problem by supporting islamists in syria . 
  turkey is in nato , you are in customs union with eu and participate in eu accession talks . 
   what money ?? 
  you get money for refugees and also participating in eu accession talks bring you money . 
  seems they have already set their mind on breakup with the west but before that try to blackmail as much money as possible . 
  but do they really think they can replace the west by russia . 
  russia is economically and militarily so much more weaker than eu or nato . 
  i would still claim u object this parade because u dislike gays . 
  not because there is obscene `` nudity '' . 
  there is no more `` nudity '' than in the annual rio carnival . 
  but okay , you maybe would resist this kind of parade too as obscene and dirty : http://lostininternet.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/carnival-rio-2014-25.jpg, 
  we dont know how africa would look like without colonialism . 
  it could be even worse than today . 
   black people are lazy scum this maybe not related to skin color but their own culture which does n't encourage hard work . 
  thats because they commit more crimes . 
  regressive left has made victim capital the hardest currency on the political markets . 
  that is why we see these kind of associations popping up everywhere who so aggressively want to present this and that group as victims even when they are n't . 
  this new market of victim capital has become a new form of welfare leeching . 
  the more victim capital u own , the more benefits , privileges , positive discrimination , state subsides etc. 
  you can demand . 
  why do n't the balkan states help the gypsy population to emigrate to germany ? 
  germany likes them and you would get rid of all social problems ( related to gypsies ) . 
  both would be happy . 
  you know that gassing is not the only way to get rid of welfare fraudsters ? 
  please do n't . 
  you already made britain to leave and if france leaves too it is the end of eu . 
  we still should n't blame them first . 
  they are to be blamed to some extent but they are poor illiterate people who try their best to survive . 
  it is the european welfare state and it 's misguided humanism that creates these wrong incentives . 
  but okay , harming children or forging documents is still wrong thing to do . 
  and the `` i can steal from the state what i want '' attitude is also wrong . 
  if all this money germany uses to house million gypsies on welfare were used to invest into balkan economies and product development , the long term effects could eventually benefit the gypsies too . 
  germany is at the moment the strongest economy and this politically correct `` humanist '' welfare politics is the way they want to spend their surplus . 
  and at the same time the rest of europe suffers from stagnation and deficits partially created by large german surplus . 
  great . 
   our gypsies have a lot of children , sometimes literally more than 10 , that way exploiting our social systems , i have also heard they sometimes intentionally harm their children to get extra benefits for handicapped child . 
   oh , yeah , there are a lot of our gypsies living on welfare in germany .
