  so what again was your point ? 
  will mostly agree with me . 
  maybe excluding some left radical `` intellectuals '' . 
  but thanks anyway . 
  i didnt claim it has `` nothing '' to do . 
  just lol . 
  but as much it has to do with conservatism it has also to do with socialism . 
  maybe even more . 
  you havent proved anything about conservatism and national socialism being somewhow inherently related . 
  stop being a such a liar . 
  please . 
  you only make yourself laughable . 
  that german conservatives were stupid and believed his lies does n't prove anything . 
  you intentionally mislead people and you know it . 
  you know very well there is great difference between conservatism and national socialism . 
  claiming they `` back '' national socialism is absolute bullshit . 
  winston churchill was conservative . 
  de gaulle was conservative . 
  and they were the main enemies of national socalism . 
  comparing afd to national socialism is 100 % bullshit . 
  right-wing social conservative maybe . 
  berlin mayor worried about spd losing votes ? 
  or why does he lie ? 
  watch the juncker speech if you just can . 
  an old tired alcoholic delivering a lame speech . 
  great representative for today 's europe . 
  he probably had a hangover . 
  so relaxing to watch this organized , harmonious , peaceful and introverted anti-sociality . 
  i give 9 points out of 10 to this . 
  the leftmost person makes a small mistake in even spacing !, 
  they are all perverts . 
  you have probably noticed that lots of germans on reddit hide behind the eu flag . 
  almost always you see an eu flag here , it is a german . 
  okay , many of them use their state flag , like bavaria , berlin etc. 
  also , but not the national flag . 
  the national german flag is a taboo to certain `` progressive '' germans , thats why . 
  damascus is relatively safe at the moment . 
  at least if u do n't happen to be a person that the assad regime hates . 
   remind me , who does that again ? 
  at least here some politicians in the green party do precisely that . 
   a little more nuanced , i blame sweden too , 
   when we do n't even have anything to do with the problems in syria . 
  lol, 
  our society and economy is very inflexible . 
  we have not been very good at adjusting ourselves into change that happened in financial crisis 2007 and nokia collapse . 
   if the humanitarian conditions are sufficent ( which have been deemed no to be by german courts so far ) . 
  yeah , the poor refugees probably would have to live in about the same conditions than millions of greeks living in poverty . 
  but not quite as bad cause refugees would rather likely have access to help provided by international organizations . 
   n detail how exactly it contributed to the strengthening and prevented the decline of all the `` humanistic '' values medieval superstition in politics related to human sexuality have been replaced by science . 
  one example . 
   catholicism literally consists of several libraries worth of coherent philosophical explanations lol before secularisation our culture was equally bad as conservative muslim culture today . 
  this indeed is an secularism vs. religion issue , not muslim vs. christian . 
  care to explain in bit more details what u mean by `` purge '' ? 
  well , but wasnt this polish immigration one of the reasons why so many voted for brexit ? 
  violence is of course a different thing and done only by few but the brexit was supported by the majority . 
  and why should the other countries do the job that naturally belongs to germany ? 
  eu lacking institutional structure for this does n't prevent germany from action . 
  as far germany refuses to take more active role in managing crisis outside eu , all demands made by germany to take more and more immigrants are complete bullshit . 
  merkel is the main reason for this shit . 
  she can not close the german borders because she wants to pose as a great humanist so she must delegate this duty to turkey police and army . 
  both not so well known for their great humanism but for some reason here it doesnt matter . 
  yes , you seem to know this well . 
   eu dominated by germany . 
  germany is an economic power but in foreign policy and military it is a cowardice mouse . 
  german domination is one of the main reasons why eu is failing so badly in all it 's attempts to manage crisis in mena , ukraine , the refugee crisis . 
  they would all need more interventionist attitude but then we have this one country that for historical reasons is like impotent mumbling idiot . 
  could there also be one that disapproves being black or jewish ? 
  it surely isnt that bad if it is one organization only ... 
   we 're talking about refugees . 
  after leaving safe country , refusing completely secure balkan countries and accepting only northern europe , most of them are de facto welfare migrants . 
  in modest amounts refugees can be taken directly from the camps preferring vulnerable groups . 
  but otherwise no . 
  all other help must go to finance the camps and create safe zones . 
   how can people who are n't there integrate better ? 
  even those who are n't let in will probably integrate better because they stay in their home countries . 
  but even if those who are rejected at outer border are in some sense worse off after rejection , so what . 
  canada and australia has no duty to serve as welfare office for the whole world . 
  your point probably was that rejecting people at border does n't solve their social problems ? 
  you are right . 
  it doesnt . 
  but it solves ours . 
   oh , it does . 
  just abort all male fetuses . 
  except that this is n't eugenics . 
  eugenics tries to `` improve '' human race , not to destroy it . 
   it works for what exactly ? 
  immigrants integrate better . 
  they have higher employment rates , lower crime rates , they are more willing to accept canadian and australian values and law , less fanatic religiously etc. 
   no , it would not , as i just said . 
  except that it would . 
  eugenics is a well known pseudoscience and it does n't work . 
  restricted and controlled immigration policy is applied in canada and australia and it works . 
  quite a difference . 
  controlled and more restricted immigration policy would be the best way to address these problems . 
  our legal norms are based on our culture and values and if u have a large minority in your society completely rejecting your norms , punishing these people may at some point become very difficult . 
  they already protect each other in those immigration gettos by attacking if police just dares to come there . 
   * and would n't these non-citizes and their ideas somehow influence society and its values , even without voting right ? 
      again , not much , really . 
  i do n't think german women will suddenly start wearing the niqab just because we allow immigrants to do so . 
  violence and threat against certain minorities has started to increase in europe .
