the boats should be taken back to libya not to europe . 
  but romania has no money ... 
  how about still being a bit more careful with whom you make political alliances ? 
  islamism is the middle eastern version of european fascism and i cant understand why you take these people into your parties . 
  is this `` i fraudulently identify myself as an oppressed persion to get attention '' - syndrome only typical to women or do men do this too ? 
  ive read about a couple of cases who lied to be auschwitz survivors and they were also hysterical attention seeking females . 
  this just out of medical curiosity because so many of these leftie morons seem to be rather obvious `` mental cases '' . 
  also not meant be prejudiced against women . 
  even if there were some gender bias , men have their own ways to be crazy . 
  and why doesnt france make end of this ? 
  it is the duty of the state to protect it 's citicens from this kind of ethnic hatred . 
  what a shame . 
  \u00c5sa romson is like a caricature of `` regressive left '' poltician . 
  naive , hysterical woman driven by emotion and pathological hatred towards `` the white man '' . 
  she is totally blind to troublesome aspects of backwards muslim associations she cooperates with . 
  who the hell votes this woman ? 
   it is a result of a long history of internal problems and of a conflict with globalization caused by western political and economical system . 
  yes . 
  it is completely futile to accuse colonialism . 
  it is religion that resist modernization . 
  many european ex-colonies perform excellently now . 
  but they are mostly non-islamic and have adjusted themselves to globalisation and dont stick in mediavial way of life . 
  especially population explosion is related to religion and backwards attitudes . 
  modern medical techonology is available now in many of those countries . 
  sometimes through developmental aid . 
  this saves lifes but leads in unsustainable population growth if the societies and culture dont modernize also . 
  yes but as far as i have understood mainstream media treats sd very badly . 
  it is rejected as `` racist '' ( which it isnt ) and people even refuse to participate debate if sd members are there present . 
  this is not healthy normal public debate . 
  sounds good but i would still claim that islam and especially political islam/islamism play a huge role in mena current problems . 
  asian countries like china have started to work with their overpopulation problem but nothing similar seems to take place in mena . 
  religion plays big role here . 
  what is happening at the moment in mena is some sort of deep modernization crisis of islam . 
  political islam especially has turned out to be a catastrophe and has completely failed in leading these nations to 21st century . 
  i wouldnt get too excited about people rejecting isis when muslim brotherhood , hezbollah etc. 
  still enjoy considerable popularity . 
  is the paragraph categorical forbiddance or does it allow some exceptions like artistic work ? 
  mandatory quotas are maybe needed . 
  one good way to implement this system were that always offer bulgaria , poland etc. 
  first to the migrant . 
  if he refuses , reject the application . 
  in this way we get rid of all the economic migrants , 
  is there any open discussion going on in sweden about the immigration ? 
  about the fact that integration is not going quite as planned etc. ? 
  i have seen some research showing that the main stream media is very strongly in the hands of greens and v\u00e4nsterpartiet because these two parties are vastly overrepresented among the journalists . 
  both parties being notoriously fanatic and irrational about immigration . 
  but the problems are already so large and obvious that some sort of self reflection must be going on even among the `` r\u00f6dgr\u00f6na '' ? 
  most of these guys have no valid case for asylum many of them being from countries like pakistan or morocco . 
  and if they really urgently need protection they can ask it from greece or macedonia . 
  but they do n't want to . 
  albeit they are economic migrants , eu should do more work to clean up this mess . 
  offer them financial help to travel back to their home countries and if someone of them really wants to apply for asylum then process the applications in greece . 
  if they refuse to leave their application , then you know 100 % sure it is question of economic opportunism . 
  at the moment about 200 immigrants arrive a day in germany . 
  that is about 70 000 a year not 700 000 . 
   this is far too random to be even taken into consideration of being part of traditions or culture . 
  oh really ? 
  minorities like jews perform excellently because reading , learning and education are so highly valued in their culture . 
  lack of interest to educate oneself is maybe the first one to come to my mind . 
  sometimes the parents prevent the children to go to school because they are afraid that that way they would lose their roma identity . 
  if you want the host culture to be open to accept you , you must also yourself be open to the host culture . 
  strictt sticking to their own centuries old way of life is one of the main reasons why so many doors close in front of them . 
  great . 
  could romani people also spend some time reflecting and pondering how much their own very conservative and inflexible traditions , attitudes and culture influence their difficulties . 
  integration to the society must always be a two way street . 
  why has it changed ? 
  thats what u get when u teach an entire generation to hate their own country . 
  can these north-africans be deported ? 
  as far as i know many of them dont even apply for asulym . 
  just hang around and make money from drug dealing and petit crime . 
  vladimir vladimirovitsh , are you worried about something ? 
  well , for example in germany people with fascist , stalinist etc. 
  beliefs are forbidden to participate into public democratic process . 
  this is one example how free society can sometimes feel that it needs to suppress political beliefs . 
  i believe liberalism works only if at least the majority of the people share some sort of common cultural heritage and set of core values . 
  liberalism as a political theory is in so many ways connected to european tradition of enlightenment that it is questionable whether it can survive outside of this framework . 
  it is by no means obvious that a legally and formally liberal society that has large amounts of illiberal and antidemocratic population would be stable . 
  weimar republic in the 1930s is one example how free society got crushed by antidemocratic forces . 
  iraq after 2003 is another example showing how fragile liberal democracy can be if it is just a formal legal principle without supporting culture and tradition of freedom . 
  great . 
  sometimes it is worth it . 
  some arrogant kids just cant do it because the whole idea of someone telling them they should learn something hurts their feefees ... 
  you should study popper 's paradox of tolerance more carefully . 
  political satire is illegal in germany ? 
  land of soap and water , hitler 's having a bath . 
  churchill 's looking through the keyhole , having a jolly good laugh be . . e. . e. . e. . cause ... hitler -- has only got one ball , g\u00f6ring has two but very small , himmler is somewhat sim ' lar , but poor old goebbels has no balls at all, 
  the good old kgb already infiltrated the church thoroughly . 
  i guess it is pretty much fsb controlled still today . 
  the new orthdox-conservative state ideology seems to be equally oppressing as the old communist one . 
  seems that the leading elites of these countries dont really believe that the societes will remain stable in the long run . 
  so steal as much as you can and then run ... 
  we can monitor mosques that spread jihadism and close them if necessary . 
  and we can prevent saudi financed imams entering europe to spread their anti-west hatred . 
  well , in many ways they are . 
  but also gypsy culture is very tradtionalist and conservative . 
  both sides should show some flexibility to make them integrate better . 
  finnlandisierung at it 's purest . 
  they say that most russians know putin and his clique steal public money but do n't care . 
  let 's then at least hope the president and his entourage are worth it because they seem to be quite expensive leaders . 
  we can wonder how much it would help russia 's economy if the politicians stopped transfering capital out of the country to their personal offshore bank accounts ...
