  as far as i know , if eu citizen wants welfare benefits from an another eu country , he must first work there certain amount of time . 
  this makes it a bit unlikely that there were large amount of balkan gypsies living on welfare benefits in germany ... or did you mean those balkan gypsies that arrived in germany presenting themselves as `` refugees from syria '' to collect their cash benefits ? 
   present himself as a democrat so do almost all islamist parties . 
  so did communist parties when they claimed `` proletarian dictatorship '' to be the highest form of democracy . 
  but ofc . 
  islamist democracy or communist people 's democracy have nothing to do with western free democracy . 
   you dislike one cause but not the other , so you try to find reasons why one should be be banned but not the other . 
  if pegida etc. 
  demanded replacing democracy with authoritarian conservative dictatorship i wouldnt mind banning them too . 
  being pro immigration or anti immigration is just an ordinary political disagreement . 
  i dont find it justified to compare being anti immigration to being anti democracy . 
  but they wont . 
  dont expect reason or logic from them . 
  if akp goes further into direction of islamism and autoritharianism i dont see any reasons why it shouldnt be abolished as undemocratic and unconstitutional . 
  but there simply are no reasons to ban demonstrations demanding restricted immigration policy . 
  that antifa or the full retarded autonomous left has declared restricted immigration policy as `` fascist '' and `` racist '' doesnt mean that it really is and is completely irrelevant . 
   freedom of assembly . 
  freedom of assembly is heavily restricted in germany if it is used to support party or ideology that the constitutional court has declared `` unconstitutional '' . 
  yes but there are associations supporting akp ideology and pro akp demonstrations . 
   they support a totalitarian religous fundamentalist that is abolishing democracy in their home country , that 's their right in germany . 
  nsdap etc are declared `` unconstitutional '' in germany . 
  if akp takes more steps towards islamism and dictatorship shouldnt it be forbidden too ? 
  so where are antifa and autonomous left counterdemonstrations now ? 
  use better and stronger ones like we and u will be happy too . 
  yeah we can judge them individually and the result would be that most of them should be refused entry anyway . 
  you know that black people live also outside of africa ? 
  this thing is related to these countries being underdeveloped and lacking education system . 
  black people from usa , latin america etc. 
  would perform probably much better . 
  this is not related to race but cultural background and learned skills these people have or lack . 
  of course we could take everyone from africa with ph.d. from oxford and that would certainly be very good to us . 
  but africa needs these people itself . 
  immigration from africa in small amounts is ok and probably good also . 
  if the numbers are kept manageable and those who come are selected carefully . 
  yeah educated people from africa will surely perform well . 
  but the rest not so well . 
  yes but eu has no duty to be a welfare office for the whole world . 
  that is not my fault . 
  that is eu fault and also partially germany 's fault who for years was very reluctant to be active what regards to military intervention . 
  orban hasnt done anything wrong in migrant crisis . 
  except that most refugee 's main motivation is financial . 
  and u nicely forget how germany was against all military interventions and more active policy in syrian crisis . 
  these basic rights can be taken care of without mass immigration . 
  we can finance refugee camps and create safe zones . 
  orban is politically incorrect but he is right . 
  immigration from africa and middle east is completely useless to us . 
  these people are dependent on welfare benefits for the rest of their lives and cause problems only . 
  some of them try to integrate but success is n't that great usually . 
  but many of them refuse to integrate making things even more difficult . 
  if europe needs migration lets take educated people from asia and russia . 
  thought the last time was 1944 but they seem to have been there 2009 . 
  this guy was to be deported to bulgaria . 
  is bulgaria really this bad ? 
  norwegian.com probably has cheap flights to sweden , 
  why do you think he is a loser ? 
  from outsiders perspective this story about underground secret religious group infiltrating the state institutions sounds like a tinfoil hat conspiracy theory . 
  someone can admire breivik without being a right winger . 
  he admired also school shootings etc. 
   swedes too cold and reserved . 
  really ? 
  we tend to think swedes are open , social and sometimes even a bit too talkative ... 
  is it possible that parents of these kids teach `` anti-west '' or `` anti-german '' attitudes to them ? 
  or is it just because of social problems like unemployment etc. 
  europeans and especially the left has become hysterical to monitor and punish anti-immigrant attitudes among natives but in my opinion we should be equally worried about anti-west attitudes among immigrants especially if they come from ideology like islamism or nationalism and when and if these attitudes are intentionally spread and taught to people . 
  why isnt germany worried about strong turkish nationalism ? 
  it has also lead to acts of violence ... 
  was he iranian kurd or just iranian ? 
  any evidence he admired also his ideology or only his `` heroic '' mass killing ? 
  is there something wrong with german psychiatric treatment ? 
  if you visit berlin you immediately notice there are lot 's of mentally ill people on the streets . 
  many of them trying to sell some newspaper whose name i do n't remember anymore . 
   turkish guys are extremely good looking yeah , think about recep tayyip for example . 
  such a manly and handsome mustache . 
   become gay and women become whores whats wrong in being gay or whore ? 
  maybe not yet but they seem to be good and tough fighters . 
  they need to be equipped first of course . 
  and kurds already cooperate with nato in syria and iraq . 
   finding an replacement first kurdistan, 
  but the great purge in the army and judicial system then isnt ? 
  lol, 
  yes but they have already surrendered so should be treated as prisoners of war . 
  well okay u can say this wasnt `` war '' but high treason so just kind of criminal activity but even criminals have basic rights . 
  or how about these eurocrats just acceptin that nationalism is an inherent part of europe and they are not going to get rid of it . 
  so forget the federalism and consentrate on builduing modes of cooperation on a basis that accepts the nation state sovereignty as a fundamental fact . 
  anyway who gave these idiots a right to declare nationalism as `` anti-european '' . 
  we never undersigned a paper where we accepted to give up independence when we joined eu . 
  eu still is union of independent nations . 
  well , terrorism and war crimes are a legally acceptable ground to reject asulym . 
  but maybe not relevant in this case because he committed his acts after his asylum was accepted . 
  so the german government has started to fight against `` hate speech '' . 
  the request to remove this page must have come from germany . 
  this is amazing . 
  last time she warned about closing the borders in the balkan . 
  and then it turned out to be an effective way to stop migration influx ... merkel obviously lacks a real plan how to stop uncontrolled and to a large extent economic migration to europe . 
  she just repeats that europe must remain `` open '' because `` borders '' and `` closed '' do n't sound as nice as `` open '' . 
  and every time she repeats this she sends a signal that `` please come to europe we are still open '' . 
  so the only effective way to solve the problem is to strengthen eu border control and process all asulym applications there ? 
  if rejected they can either go home or if not willing to cooperate stay in an internment camp . 
  there should be a way to process asylum applications outside of eu territory or directly at the border . 
  those who are rejected couldnt enter eu .
