  it must stop . 
  and we must stop sentimental bullshit about medieval backwards cultures being equal to european enlightenment culture . 
  they are not . 
  they have to integrate or get the hell out of here . 
  so it is better for eu leaders to come into their senses . 
  it is up to them . 
   liberated it is already liberated when they made their way out of putin 's russia . 
  in the soviet times they demanded our press to censor `` anti-soviet '' stuff . 
  we told we do n't have state controlled media so we cant do it . 
  ( excluding little bit `` finnlandisierung '' which made parts of our media to make some `` self-censorship '' ), 
  it could threaten states neglecting their duties with consequences . 
   it has ? 
  please tell me , which ones are they . 
  dublin , no bail out , limits to budge deficit and national debt etc. 
  her being elected would probably be a kick into euro elite ass that is strong enough to convince them that concerns citizens have about immigration and non-working multiculturalism should be take seriously . 
  if nothing else works to change their minds , hope she will be elected and then drive the eu on the brink of collapse until they change the policies . 
  if they still dont want to change , well , let then le pen destroy the eu . 
  maybe then juncker , merkel etc will finally learn something . 
   the eu 's official stance eu has lot 's of these `` official stances '' it does n't enforce . 
  it unfortunately wont happen before germany and eu comission gives up enforced multiculturalism and immigration . 
  otherwise this is the beginning of the end of the eu . 
  it is . 
  and also legal . 
  france doesnt take anyone from italy . 
  they are just turned away . 
   you have to handle requests for asylum no you dont have to if they can apply in the country they are coming from . 
  yes but they can be turned away on the border and advised to apply asylum elsewhere . 
  depends really if they come through several safe countries , refuse relocation to `` poor countries '' etc. 
  europe has received very little real refugees . 
  none of them opposes human rights . 
  welfare migration to europe is not human right . 
  well , if this kind of `` therapy '' is given to underage persons against their own will , then it is not much else then medieval witch hunt . 
   edit : i take it back !, 
  he is just like us !, 
  his apartment seems to lack all taste . 
   electrocute the gays where has he proposed something like this ? 
  i know he is an evangelical bigot but really this full crazy ? 
   the baltic countries and finland needs to seriously consider getting nukes . 
  not sure if this is really necessary . 
  the baltics are in nato and putin is not crazy enough to attack nato country . 
  even if usa left the nato it would be risky but ofc more likely . 
  sadly the problem is that germany which otherwise wants to be the leader of the eu has completely neglected security . 
  they have been lucky enough to be protected by nato and this has made it possible for them to live in their little left-pacifist delusional bubble . 
  but now , when it seems usa is not anymore guaranteeing us , we are fucked up because eu and it 's leading country lacks serious military strength . 
  hopefully yes . 
  right wing populism is kind of shock therapy and it has it 's unpleasant sides but because the eu elites are so stubborn we need it . 
  demographic engineering and enforced multiculturalism is much more dangerous because the damage they create is irreversible . 
  populists will close the gates and when we have new consensus about fortress europe we can vote them out . 
  hmm ... i expected it would also rain money and chocolate . 
  disappointment ,, 
  dont forget sweden !, 
  it seems that cdu wants to sit in two chairs at the same time . 
  at doesnt want to lose those voters who dont like afd but at the same it wants to attract those law and order people who would be tempted to vote right wing conservative anti immigrant party . 
  ok it seemd that cdu has succeeded in its game . 
  but how can they do this double game without losing their credibility ? 
  to me this seems obvious case of cynical political dishonesty and game playing . 
  well , maybe there was little rhetorical exaggeration to say they are successors but as far as i know both parties are really out of the touch from realities . 
  open all borders and take everything from the rich is similar cheap populism as afd : s piggheaded xenophobia . 
  greens are voted by urban educated left-liberal wealthy people who live in their own small cosy bubble of self-made cosmopolitanism . 
  the shitty policies that greens are for dont that much influence the lives of these people . 
  they have enough money to afford the virtue signaling and likely never visit the suburban areas to look how nice this new global cosmpolitanism look in these 80 % unemployment rate immigration ghettos . 
  linke + afd = 18 % how can parties that are followers to nsdap and sed get this many votes . 
   2017 no need for turkish attack when u do it yourself . 
  poland is intelligent . 
  it is very open to immigrants who want to work and are willing to integrate . 
  and rejects welfare sponges not willing to integrate cause their medieval fairytale friend tells them so . 
  well done poland . 
  germans could learn from them . 
   terrorists are freedom fighters or at least ideological fighters i e they 're fighting for something more than them , there 's something noble about that can you again explain how terrorism and honor are related ? 
  i couldnt quite get it . 
   gay dudes just fuck buttholes , not very noble or honourable the same applies to all other forms of sex too . 
  honor and nobility are to large extent just matters of opinion . 
  i dont find any honor in torturing in the name of old childish fairytale . 
  just to refresh your memory : http://media.diepresse.com/images/uploads_h425/7/e/0/4810720/1demo-wien-fluechtlinge1jpg_1441049809962491.jpg, 
  i wouldnt blame the migrants for doing this . 
  germany invited them and pretty much no one of them has any intention to leave , real refugees or no . 
  it is just rational to milk as much social benefits as they can and resist deportation with all means possible . 
  maybe learn something from this before inviting the next million to europe . 
  give money to libya to take care of this . 
  deport back to libya ? 
  doesnt have to be home country . 
  its mena immigrants but you cant say that aloud in sweden . 
  how can poland prevent france from enforcing laws ? 
  why then putin can ? 
  he has stolen billions . 
  diversity can be good or it can be bad . 
  its all about how the different constituents that compose the diversity interact with each other . 
  there can be fruitful interaction or there can be tensions and problems . 
  banning all immigration from islamic countries is too harsh and not necessary . 
  there are lot 's of talented people in islamic world who can be good part of our societies . 
  but conservative islamic culture is not an enrichment to out culture it is a problem and burden . 
  the progressive politicians should stop lying that islam enrichens societies . 
  it doesnt , it creates problems . 
  so the best immigration policy is restricted and selective immigration . 
  hard working educated people from mena who want to integrate can come and the rest will stay out . 
  well i didnt meant we should go back to cold war era excess spending . 
  usa still is there but they have their `` reasons '' . 
  but if germany wants united europe it must also contribute to european security structure even if germany itself didnt have any direct threat . 
   total lack of a military threat ee has some potential military threat from russia . 
  and as a nato country you are responsible for defending ee .
