  create a puppet state or some other ad hoc political entity somewhere . 
  declare it to be not part of eu but eu would however control it . 
  rejected people would stay in the hotspot until they are ready to cooperate . 
  problem solved this just needs creativity . 
  why does n't the uk send their authorities to calais and process the asylum applications there . 
  if the guys refuse this you know 100 % sure they are economic migrants trying to abuse asylum system to enter the country illegally . 
  most of the applications will be rejected if i have understood the situation correctly . 
  but this would solve the problem and after this they wouldnt have any hope to enter uk territory and the uk would avoid deportation problems . 
  otherwise perfect but some problems with the case endings . 
  would n't have understood it without the translation though . 
  here are three sentences that are supposed to be mutually intelligible in estonian , finnish and hungarian . 
  well in my opinion they really are n't but it is very close : - ` elav kala ujub vee all . 
  ( hungarian ) i am not a linguist , but i suppose all the words in these sentences belong to our common protolanguage . 
  ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uralic_languages ), 
  the hungarian language has borrowed words form turkish but the language itself is not turkic . 
  the separation between the finnish language and the hungarian language happened a long time ago like 4000 - 5000 years.they are not mutually intelligible . 
  the linguists however , have been able to construct a common protolanguage which proves genetic relationship . 
  of course , the hungarian and turkic culture and language have been in contact for thousands of years and as far i know there may be a a drop of `` turkic blood '' in the hungarians because of this long contact . 
  if you want more information about this , check `` turanism '' and `` ural-altaic hypothesis '' from wikipedia . 
  interesting . 
  as far as i have understood the hungarian language belongs to the `` ugric '' branch of the finno-ugric family . 
  interestingly , some people in hungary still believe in the `` turanist '' hypothesis that hungarian would be a turkic language . 
  this belief is especially popular in the extreme right wing party jobbik for some obscure national romantic reasons . 
  `` turanism '' and `` ural-altaic '' hypothesis have been refuted by professional linguists but they still seem to live in national mythologies . 
  that country already is a failed state . 
  so nothing will change . 
  but when the migrants notice they cant anymore come to europe , they will probably stop coming . 
  where are they from then ? 
  if this continues like this and the numbers increase towards the spring and summer , it could be that like 2-3 million arrive in germany this year . 
  can germany really manage that many ? 
  or will germany end up in chaos like sweden and must close the border to maintain order ? 
  i am little bit worried what the summer 2016 will bring to our continent if eu does n't go into action and finally do something useful . 
  if your police and authorities were willing to cooperate i 'm sure they would find out if someone really is n't from morocco . 
  interviews , background checks etc. 
  would reveal it . 
  police has their methods to find out people 's real identities . 
  can they refuse entry to their own citizens ? 
  how are they going to do it if algeria and morocco wont cooperate ? 
  or is austria gon na get surprise guests soon ? 
  greeks could give one ( or a couple ) of their many islands to work as migrant hotspot . 
  all asulym seekers were to be deported there and they could leave the island only if the application is accepted . 
  all deported migrants could be expelled to this island until they are willing to cooperate and tell where they are from and voluntarily go back . 
  all this is just matter of organisation . 
  if nothing else helps eu could create a small puppet state somewhere in eu territory and declare it to be not part of eu but let it somehow be controlled by eu . 
  this could then work as hotspot and place to deport criminal or unwanted migrants until they cooperate . 
  if there is will there is way . 
  do u pay any benefits to them ? 
  do u give free housing ? 
  do u give them free education and full healthcare ? 
  how is pc related to this ? 
  discriminating people without any valid reasons . 
  ok . and are these people really refugees trying to escape horrors of war or just illegal economic migrants ? 
  so is it likely or unlikely that their asylum application gets accepted ? 
  why is it only the uk that is good enough to them ? 
  france , germany etc. 
  also prcess asylum applications and they are safe too . 
  is it some specific organized group who is behind these threats ? 
  like extreme left-wing groups like antifa or extreme salafist groups ? 
  or just random idiots ? 
  these things are always up to negotation , 
  any possibilities germany could coopeate with the syrian government to detect forgeries ? 
  governement must have some kind of database of their citizens . 
  even isis with their passport machines would get caught if their print passports for fake personalities . 
  these kind of stories make me wonder whether these guys really are refugees or economic opportunists only . 
  really sad . 
  they cause lot 's of harm to real refugees too by ruining their reputation . 
  whence does this `` i do what i want and i steal what i want '' - attitude come from ? 
  people like that cant have a bright future in a modern european country . 
  in the end , they make also their own life difficult . 
  the only way to deport to syria would be to establish an international safe zone inside syria . 
  this would require some kind of military intervention . 
  i dont see any deportations to take place before the war is over . 
  thanks . 
  and how effective have the deportations been so far ? 
  i have also read that some try to pose as syrians even though they arent . 
  is this marginal or large scale problem ? 
  how effective are german authorties at detecting cheating ? 
  are there any estimates how many of the refugees are real and how many are economic oppurtunists only ? 
  tunisia , algeria , pakistan etc dont have war so it is unlikely these guys ever will get their application accepted . 
  however , they seem to know how diifcult the deportations are and how effectivily avoid them . 
  so do u see the `` economic opportunists '' problem as a serious and large scaled or is marginal only ? 
  it is difficult to find any statistics or `` official '' estimates about the size of this problem . 
  if they refuse to travel back to their home countries afer asylum application is rejected do they still receive social benefits ? 
  if the lack of cooperation is such a problem eu should use it 's negotation power to make north-african countries more cooperative in deportations . 
  without effective deportations , the immigration problem is difficult indeed . 
  anyone who comes will stay if he just wants to . 
  does tunisian or moroccon have any realistic chance to get asylum ? 
   if countries like sweden/germany struggle today , germany and sweden have themselves caused their troubles . 
  they get what they deserve . 
  they should just stop demanding the others to do the same mistakes . 
  i wouldnt mind if those relocated here under eu scheme would also leave for germany . 
  they seem to stay even though we have cold and dark here . 
  but this shows clearly that these so called refugees are economic migrants . 
  they were safe already in turkey and it is obvious that the reasons to come to europe are purely economic . 
  nooo ... it was invented in italy ... 
  care then to explain where europe needs massive amount of uneducated immigrants from the third world ? 
  what racist policies has trump really promised to implement ? 
  he said some nasty things about mexicans etc but that was all talk . 
  but has he really said he will take civil rights away from non-white people ? 
   on the other hand , this seems eerily familiar to the history of 1933 ...
