  plain stupidity not to use this opportunity and just let everyone come . 
  yes , it is demanding to integrate to nordic culture . 
  so why not to take those who can do it and refuse entry to the rest ? 
  cherry picking is the best strategy for immigration, 
   police racially profiles them , arrest them for `` no reason '' . 
  okay , is this true ? 
  or they just annoyed police interferes their illegal businesses ? 
  why do they attack police and fire brigade by the way ? 
  isnt this like shooting ones own leg ? 
   but the left thinks these problems are caused by the circumstances these immigrants live in , the right thinks these problems are caused by the ethnicity of the immigrants . 
  wrong . 
  most right wingers think problems are related to culture , customs and religion . 
  especially to islam because it is a supremacist backwards political ideology . 
  the reduction of these problems to economic factors only is plain wrong . 
  and you are the one here making the straw man by claiming right wingers mainly being racists . 
   while the right would say that culture is a big determinant of success of immigrants . 
  this is the big blind spot of the contemporary european left . 
  to suppress all discussion about these problems , they have relabeled classical conservative idea about society as organic whole where culture matters as `` cultural racism '' . 
  it is absurd really . 
  these no go zones areas exist only in immigrant areas ? 
  or also in areas where lower class european people live ? 
  we could equally well investigate tsingis khan for his war crimes . 
  what basic rights are missing in morocco ? 
  why ? 
  yes their . 
  but shouldnt the state be concerned ? 
  so marriage equality is marxist ? 
  why didnt the soviet union have it then ? 
  so green + cdu + possibly fdp is a likely government coalition after next elections ? 
   my issue is that you ca n't say `` all humans are equal '' , and then `` except when they 're born somewhere else '' freedom of movement is restricted to all of us . 
  i am not demanding to myself something im not ready to give to others . 
  i am not gon na demand e.g. 
  saudi arabia to open its borders and let me come just whenever i want . 
  saudi-arabia has a right to refuse my entry if they just want and im okay with that . 
   deported into certain death they can be deported to a refugee camp , protected my military if necessary . 
   purely based on an attribute about themselves that they ca n't change . 
  religious fundamentalism can be changed . 
  they just dont want to . 
  edit : saudi actually probably would refuse my entry if they knew i am an atheist . 
   we discriminate against people based on location of birth ? 
  that citizens and non citizens have different duties and rights is not considered as discrimination . 
  free movement is not human right and it conflicts state sovereignty . 
  states have 100 % right to select their new citizens and whom they let to come into their country . 
   that 's completely impossible to combine with an actual left standpoint . 
  no it isnt because restricted immigration policy is not discrimination . 
  seems you are some sort extreme left winger . 
  hopefully not those violent ones . 
  why impossible ? 
  how likely it is cdu + afd get majority together ? 
   social democracy some people think this also is socialism . 
  all welfare states have very large public sector . 
  in finland over 50 % of our gdp goes to public sector . 
  but of course it is not soviet style socialism . 
  how ? 
  it has parliamentary majority already now . 
   gays are such a demanding minority yeah , demand equal treatment . 
  very demanding . 
   but why is a society obligated to alter it 's historical institutions , if they are discriminating , it is a good idea to change them . 
   are you a marxist ? 
  lol, 
   `` but at these times , the laws were that way !!, 
  you ca n't change laws afterwards !! '', 
  not especially good arguments . 
  putting people to concentration camps or stasi prisons was also `` legal '' . 
  they still deserved the compensations . 
   coalitiont treaty why does n't spd form left-green government ? 
  they seem to have majority at the moment . 
   well , this is one of the few issues where merkel does not change her position based on what the majority of germans want . 
  you have any idea why ? 
  i know she is somewhat religious . 
  is that the reason ? 
  is marriage anti-equality really that important to the cdu that they would rather break the coalition than accept it ? 
  ( assuming spd had enough balls to demand it ), 
  i havent followed german politics that closely but as far as i know it is mainly csu and the most conservative parts of cdu that block it . 
  the majority of german people support marriage equality . 
  very difficult to say . 
  but when their housing bubble bursts and they go into recession , well it will be interesting times ... 
  so basically in terms of our postmodern left , islam as an ideology is ... well ... deeply racist ? 
  lol . 
  which of course doesnt prevent leftists claiming islam is a great enrichment to our society . 
  another lol . 
   and this on top of the fact that there is clearly systematic racism in hiring practices in sweden . 
  never occured to you mind that most people from mena actually lack the skills and education to be any use to your economy ? 
  it is not `` systematic racism '' that firms dont hire people they dont need into anything . 
  it is free market economy . 
   edit : wow , a lot of people really hate tolerance . 
  maybe somebody is a little bit naive here , okay ? 
  your problem is you are not able to say `` no '' to them when they demand more and more . 
  you are not able to say `` no '' when they segregate and start to behave in supremacist way in certain areas . 
  you are not able to say `` no '' when they demand the main culture must adjust their customs and not the other way round . 
  it is not racism but your delusional leftist `` antiracism '' you can blame . 
  and of course this `` antiracism '' has not really anything to do with race , it is socialist ideology in disguise . 
   there are watchdogs on every corner in some places , harassing muslim women if they show skin does this really happen in today 's germany ? 
  is n't this kind of harassment illegal ? 
  you should offer hot young men for young men . 
  then sweden will take you . 
  yes , some of them do . 
  it is stupid . 
  but that does n't mean unsuccessful mass immigration would n't be a huge problem . 
  there is nothing wrong in being `` economic '' migrant if it means looking for new opportunities to make your life better with your own work .
