  but because of european welfare states exist , we have in our hands a new kind of phenomenon : welfare migration , hunting for free benefits and free life . 
  it is something i completely want to reject and we have no responsibility to take welfare migrants . 
  economic migration is something that both parties must benefit from . 
  migrant and our societies . 
  if this is not the case , entry must be refused . 
  is `` gender theory '' really taught in european schools ? 
  not as far as i know . 
  of course the schools teach about human sexuality and sexual minorities . 
  and yes , nowadays modern sexual education tells that those belonging to these minorities are normal human beings and not sinful pervert monsters . 
  this probably something the church does n't like . 
  the school teaching catholic dogmas to innocent children is ideological indoctrination if anything . 
   it became a permanent warzone ? 
  thanks to the soviet union . 
  edit : and the usa . 
   afghani would have any realistic chences in poland if even polish people do n't ? 
  they do n't have chance in the west either . 
  they are unemployed even after 10 years . 
  but yes , germany pays more benefits than poland so being unemployed in germany is better than in poland . 
  you know very well they sink their own boats to abuse eu stupidity . 
  this is completely crazy . 
  they came to europe to couple of greek islands . 
  bugging their phones and laptops could have been easily done there . 
  all i just try to say is that we do n't have to kill them to control people . 
  it is just a matter of will and innovation . 
  if the whole border is difficult to guard --  spy them with malware . 
  if they get aggressive at the border --  put some relaxant into their drinking water . 
  you see , this is not so difficult . 
  you do n't have to be all the time everywhere and u do n't have to stop everyone . 
  refugees move openly and are very easy to spot . 
  with proper intelligence u know all the time where they are . 
  refugees also do n't know local geography well and they are most of the time guided by ngos . 
  it is easy to infiltrate these if you really want . 
  also refugees rely on smart phones quite a lot . 
  by installing backdoors and spyware u would find out who they are and what they do . 
  you can also try guide them where u want by delivering misinformation etc. 
  this is just matter of will you do n't need ddr style border wall . 
  if i were to solve this i would collect decent amount of riot police from all eu countries and then start massive cybersurveillance targeting refugees and ngo 's helping them . 
  they dont really have anything that could beat this strategy . 
  anarchists weaponed with some home made rubbish and helping them can be handled with tear gas , no need to shoot them . 
  stopping these people without lethal force is completely possible . 
  it is a myth that only firearms would do it . 
  tear gas , water cannons and professional riot police will do fine . 
  police uses these methods daily and there is nothing indecent in them . 
  of course verbal order to stop must be given first . 
  also greece camps can be financed to make them decent . 
  and border closure together with clear announcement from germany that you dont anymore want people to come to your borders but take only directly from turkish camps could very well have stopped the immigration . 
   well it seems like even hungary did n't have a better idea than letting the refugees through . 
  they did . 
  the wall . 
  and it works . 
   that was the only solution left in the hights of the crisis . 
  no , you could have supported hungary , macedonia and other balkan countries to close their borders . 
  no need for upper limit then . 
  instead , you went into hysterical critic of all attempts to close borders and refused to announce publicly that germany cant take everyone . 
  hence creating and stubbornly maintaining huge incentives for these people to come . 
  you are responsible for escalating this thing further because of your moralist hypocrisy . 
  last time the germans reformed a major religion they caused 100 years religious wars . 
  let 's hope this time it will go easier ... 
  but seriously speaking , does he really believe that muslims will reform their religion just because a german minister kindly asks them to do so ? 
  or is this just the usual political bullshit before elections trying to calm down people promising the problems with immigration are noticed and they will be addressed . 
  and then nothing really happens . 
  notice that lot 's of this terror is spread and financed by wealthy saudi people . 
  terror is part of their own power game . 
  they are not victims of western `` imperialism '' . 
  rather our `` allies '' . 
  un refugee convention was not designed for asylum shopping and welfare migration either . 
  very strictly interpreted , almost everyone u got is an economic migrant . 
   you do n't need guns to manage civilians i understood she only said the border guards ultimately have the right to use force . 
  and she is right , they do have this right . 
  she did n't recommend using firearms . 
  i agree that against civilians u do n't need guns . 
  soft methods are enough like riot police armed with tear gas , batons and shields etc. 
   in a european prison saudi prison better for a saudi princess . 
  or then it is naive to think only violence would be effective to close the border and stop this migration . 
  so much mistaken here that it is unbelievable . 
  would laugh if i did n't know this level of delusion is very common in germany . 
  they literally think they are saving lives from immediate death by taking every welfare scammer and drug dealer that just bothers to demand entrance . 
  god you are naive . 
   we absolutely have to find a european solution for this problem . 
  there is a european solution : close our borders from welfare migration and excess humanitarian migration . 
  refugees should be helped close to their home countries and if absolutely necessary transported to europe in modest numbers . 
  well there already is a large iraqi and afghan diaspora here . 
  this is a known pull factor . 
  also when the borders were closed the press interviewed people at the border and many of them told they want sweden and nothing else but also many wanted finland . 
  sweden and germany may be the most popular target but they are completely full now . 
  we not that much ( yet ) . 
  this is both push and pull factor . 
  the unregistered people in germany just are a great risk . 
  of course we do n't know for sure what they want . 
  but i do n't want to take any risk a large number of them would come here . 
  these controls may have preemptive effect . 
  if both sweden and denmark removed them , the unregistered people in germany would start to move towards north . 
  and there are lot 's of them !, 
   no difference whatsoever . 
  it does n't make difference to you because they can apply for asylum at the border . 
  but it makes difference to us and sweden . 
  paperless people that want sweden and finland are now blocked . 
  and i do n't want them here . 
  now if a paperless welfare scammer wants to come here he must pass border control twice . 
  denmark and then sweden .
