  but as you know this migration is economic so eventually they will stop coming when they notice no free money will be waiting for them . 
  closing borders is an eu wide solution . 
   however , not with these measures . 
  yes , you want to see your intake to reduce by enforcing quotas . 
  no thanks . 
  the idea of federalism is maybe the most popular in germany . 
  it is understandable because in the federal eu germany would be the srongest hub of power . 
  importing people outside of eu instead of taking them from inside may be a plan to proceed on a path of federalism . 
  nations strongly resist federalism so eu elite must find a way to break the nations . 
  and what would be a better tool than good old time stalinist demographic engineering . 
  in this way the soviet union tried to break the national identities and educate the new `` soviet man '' . 
  sorry to wake u up you from your dreams . 
  most of them come because of money . 
  close the greece northern border . 
  he meant these people come to greece because they expect to continue to germany . 
  if it is made clear this isnt possible they stop coming . 
  you could start to send people to sweden when the weather gets better . 
  but when syrians needed help a couple of years ago and you were asked to create a safe zone you unfortunately had forgotten your lessons . 
  you also forget them now when you want to make a deal with a dictator making the best he can to kill his country 's democracy . 
  german hypocrisy is unbelievable . 
  and one million economic migrants you maybe can feed . 
  but under ten million you would collapse . 
  so thank that at least someone is doing something . 
  not all cdu or even spd supporters accept her refugee policy . 
  refugees are one topic among several others . 
  most recent polls have shown that the majority in germany are not happy with the refugee policy . 
  merkel is n't kanzler anymore when/if these countries join . 
  the rest of germany will thank them . 
  but how is the situation now ? 
  still thousends a day ? 
  if slovenia etc. 
  close their borders you should see the effect in a couple of days . 
  and macedonia closed it 's border almost completely already earlier . 
  you can do the same . 
  i heard de gr\u00f6na are having an emergency meeting to find a way to get more refugees to sweden . 
  people carrying merkel 's images while marching towards europe and singing `` germany is a paradise '' oh c ` moon ... 
  but she encoureged the influx instead of trying to reduce it . 
  that was a mistake . 
  europe should have closed it 's borders and take refugees only directly from turkey . 
  how many migrants arrive in germany daily at the moment ? 
  so how much effect have these border controls had ? 
  turkish airlines has cheap flights all over africa and turkey allows them to come without visa . 
  central asian people come through iran as fas i know . 
  some of the afghans have lived in iran for many yeas . 
  some of them havent ever visited afghanistan but now come to europe as `` refugees '' as i said , turkey is the main transit country for all this traffic and lot 's of people in turkey make money from this illegal business . 
  but in nordic union sweden would be in minority . 
  we would overrun them in immigration policy and pc culture . 
  we would rescue sweden from swedes . 
  most finns would probably say sweden and there is some truth in it but i would like to say estonia . 
  but you let afghans and pakistanis and indians and banglash and moroccons etc to come to turrkey and continue to europe . 
  syria is a country at war and people there are real refugees mostly . 
  pakistan and morocco are not . 
  why do n't the economic migrants go back ? 
  they have very little hope to continue any further now when the balkan route is closed for real refugees too . 
  has anyone given them honest information about the situation ? 
  but if turkey gets visa free travel it must also promise to take the illegals back . 
  otherwise it wont work . 
  unless the eu leaders have become complete morons . 
  what is wrong with turkey ? 
  why do millions want to leave the country ? 
  and anyway that visa free travel cant work unless turkey promises to cooperate in cases of abuse . 
  you can send him back home ? 
  and why do you let the afghans , pakistanis , indians etc. 
  to come to your country freely ? 
  check the backgrounds and make your border control stricter . 
  then you avoid the donkey fuckers from central asia . 
   and just let greece go to shit is for sure not the answer here . 
  when a clear announcement is made that the borders are closed the migrants stop coming . 
  then greece do n't go to shit . 
  now that stubborn woman encourages the influx to continue . 
  so it is just about not openly admitting her willkommenskultur and open borders was an epic failure . 
  and because of this thousands more will come to greece and maybe some of them will drown too . 
  cant you already get a new kanzler ? 
  this one has went crazy . 
  which part speaks when she wants turkey to suppress refugee influx ? 
  turkey being ( semi - ) dictatorship and police state . 
  d doesnt quite match so is it u ? 
  germany has no responsibility not to close macedonian border . 
  if these people want they can apply for asulym in greece or macedonia . 
  this is basically economic migration anyway after them leaving turkey . 
  what merkel is doing has nothing to do with being moral . 
  she may herself think so but it is hypocrisy . 
  making dirty deals with turkey has nothing to do with morality and that is what she is doing . 
  why doesnt she then want to give this signal ? 
  it might greatly discourage people from coming when they would `` officially '' announce it to be close . 
  is this only for her to rescue her face ? 
  or some other reasons why she wants the influx of migrants to continue ? 
  but the balkan states have already closed it ? 
  so what is it that she disputes ? 
  or she just wants to put her words so that she rescues her face from the shame of admitting her policy has failed ? 
   50 billion euros to hire german teachers and social workers combined with money for rent and food that will be spend on the german economy is not bad for germany . 
  except that all this money is taken from investments that could also produce something . 
  how many daily arrivals in germany at the moment ? 
  how are children defined ? 
  under 18 ? 
  have they trusted on self-reported age ? 
  lot 's of `` children '' are adult grown up men some of them even 30 + . 
  our local newspaper tells that the majority of refugees in idomeni and arriving greece are n't young men anymore but women and children . 
  is this true ? 
  i do n't trust our newspapers anymore in migration topics .
