  it is simple as that . 
  if germany 's stubborness is the problem why to close the border ? 
  organize direct bus and train connections to german border . 
  then open all borders for everyone to come and let 's see for how long germany 's moral hypocrisy will last ... 
  most afghan come from iran . 
  some of them have never even visited afghanistan . 
  they are mostly economic opportunists . 
  like are many iraqis . 
   as a gay guy as a leftist/green is perhaps what you mean . 
  not all gays are as naive as you what regards to mass immigration from muslim countries . 
  maybe instead of arguing with a straw man you cooked up yourself ( `` the righ winger '' ) you could at least once be worried about the security threat that mass immigration from the middle east will mean to gay people . 
  violence against gays is on the rise in europe and it is almost completely because of muslims . 
   nothing curtails human rights . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  they 're not conditional . 
  actually , according to geneva contract , people who have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity lose their right to asulym . 
  also people who are a danger to public security dont ' t have right to asulym . 
  set up the camp somewhere in eu area . 
  greece would be a natrual place . 
  why would they refuse ? 
  it would only help their position . 
  on what grounds does germany refuse their entry ? 
  maybe use the same excuse . 
  why do you let the north africans to come to your country in the first place . 
  you should refuse entry at your own border . 
  it has changed from 10 000/week to 600/week . 
  that is quite a lot . 
  what kind of quotas ? 
  have you introduced a limit you accept daily ? 
  why then to complain if austria wants to do the same ... 
  turkey , lebanon have them . 
  i dont see why they would refuse to receive more eu money . 
  you can also open camps in greece when you close the balkan route . 
  this will give a place to go to those who already are in greece . 
  and eventually people will stop coming if a greek refugee camp is the only thing they can get . 
  you maybe answered before i edited my post . 
  the people fleeing go to eu/un funded refugee camps . 
  closing eu outer border does n't cause massive crisis if at the same time you send more money to refugee camps in turkey . 
  camps could also be used as `` hotspots '' to select those who are taken to europe . 
  this plan servers germany well . 
  it does n't serve ee because they want to close the outer border altogether . 
  the only working solution that the whole eu would accept were to close our outer border . 
  then send aid to crisis area . 
  and take refugees from the camps preferring those who are in the weakest position like women , children , people with difficult medical condition , lgbt etc. 
  this helps the most and prevents abuse of asylum mechanism as a way of illegal economic migration . 
  why not ? 
  you have yourself said your law prevents quotas and prevents closing the border . 
  so that is very well what austria might be planning ... 
  the hungrian authorities get them all ? 
  or do some of them make their way to germany ? 
  so at the moment no more north africans come to germany ? 
  is the macedonian border control able to recognize different nationaliaties ? 
  some of these people try to lie and some come with fake documents . 
  language tests or interveiws made ? 
  or just believe everything they say ? 
  it is obvious that poland and earlier greece try to use wwii to make politics . 
  i understand that these demands are rejected . 
  but a request to the germans : could you also yourself stop using wwii as an instrument in contemporary politics . 
  thank you . 
  it escapes me why they are so hostile towards education . 
  education is the key to survive in modern society . 
  is e.g. 
  germany really disappointed about this ? 
  or just pretends to be because of moral posture . 
  but secretly happy that austria is doing their dirty work ... 
  integration is a two way street . 
  the host society must help them to integrate . 
  but also roma people must become more flexible in their customs . 
  no benefits should be paid to them if they dont cooperate integrationwise . 
  it really should n't be possible in the modern world that parents dont allow the children to go to school . 
  sweden is the country to blame if you mean a hypocrite welcome invitation shouted to the whole world . 
  they really did this and it was epic stupid and arrogant . 
  germany did n't make this kind of `` invitation '' but it still has created wrong kind of incentives with generous benefits and pharisaic `` willkommenskultur '' - propaganda whose only real purpose is to make the germans feel good about themselves . 
  merkel probably thought her `` open borders '' for refugees was meant only for a month or two to help southern europe . 
  she should have closed the borders after it became obvious she had created an incentive for never ending influx from all over the world . 
  and not only to real refugees but to opportunists too . 
  but of course , to do this she should have entered into `` damage control mode '' and admit that she made a kind of mistake . 
  they dont have positive chance in germany either . 
  so what is the point to so eagerly to go to germany ? 
  austria is equally `` rich '' . 
  except that it is . 
  also sensible to talk to your neighbors before you declare your borders to be open for everyone to come . 
  if europe really needs more people through immigration , it would be better that those people would come here as young as possible an preferably without their parents . 
  this way parents can not indoctrinate their children with anti-west attitudes or backwards religion . 
  it is not wise to commit a cultural suicide just because you need more people . 
  there are lot 's of orphans and children that the parents have abandoned . 
  europe could take care of them . 
  gay adoption is also good thing from this perspective because they can adopt children from the third world and westernise them . 
  also all kind of sentimentality with cultural sensitivity must be forgotten . 
  integration must be a duty and parents who oppose must be punished or kicked out . 
  but now merkel says everyone must go back . 
  so why to take people out from the camps at all ? 
  put money to the camps to make them a place where people can decently live . 
  in this way we avoid the problems coming from cultural clashes . 
  and no money to `` integration classes '' because they are not needed . 
  this would also weed out economic migrants who try to abuse refugee status illegally to move to europe . 
  if someone says `` camp is not good enough to me '' we know he is an economic migrant . 
  we have no duty to satisfy every demand that refugees or `` refugees '' make . 
  why not to build large refugee camps in greece ? 
  these people come for safety and eu financed refugee camps would provide it .
