  swedish control isnt perfect so it is better to have as many barriers as possible . 
  thank you !, 
  and sweden please also continue your border control . 
  there are hundreds of thousands unregistered people in germany and we know part of them want scandinavia and not germany but at the moment they are stuck . 
  i do n't want them here . 
  let germany keep them . 
  and you should have helped hungary with their border fence . 
  instead of hypocrite moralism . 
  visegrad countries have already done a great contribution to solve refugee crisis when they closed the balkan route together with macedonia and other ex-yugoslav countries . 
  and it was germany that all the time criticized and tried to sabotage them . 
  so thank you poland , hungary , slovakia and czechia . 
  well done . 
   both absolute and relative poverty are violations of human dignity ... 
  this is really really ideologically burden statement . 
  relative poverty violates human dignity ? 
  there are lot 's of left wing socialists writing into wikipedia it seems ... 
   that 's how the laws are designed . 
  that state a ca n't kill person b , even if person b really is a real asshole . 
  a and b should solve this through negotiation . 
  asshole will be sent back to country b and b promises minimum level decent prison conditions and no death penalty . 
  eu would have enough negotiation power to get this is most cases . 
   that state a ca n't kill person b , even if person b really is a real asshole . 
  and now europe should take every brutal serial killer from the usa and provide him with apartment and benefits ? 
  because of usa death sentence ? 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  but some of these guys are in trouble because they are jihadists and involved in illegal action . 
  do we really have to give asylum to them also ? 
  the government is after them not because what they are but what they do . 
  stop being terror sponsoring cunt and you would be okay in russia too . 
  i really do n't want hard line islamists to abuse asylum system . 
  i rather let them rot in russian , algerian or moroccan prison . 
  tough or not . 
  they deserve it . 
  and their applications get accepted ? 
  russia is a safe country . 
  and why do all the roma people want to canada ? 
  do they hand out free money to roma ? 
  how are the gypsies doing there ? 
  lol no . 
   russian citizenship . 
  why do n't the ruskies just apply for schengen visa ? 
   ukranians , vietnamese , cubanese , chinese are the main nationalities here who claim asylum . 
  and what happens when their applications are rejected ? 
  how is welfare fraud human dignity ? 
  these guys do n't go back just because they do n't want to . 
  they are leeches and benefit scammers , nothing to do with dignity . 
  they already are . 
  just read that complete villages in africa have started to plan moving to germany . 
  germany gives nice house and welfare money , you know . 
  so do n't worry , people to pay your pensions are already on their way ... pssst : do n't tell anyone , it is actually you who is gon na pay their pensions . 
   by showing major resistance handcuffs ? 
  straightjacket ? 
   but their country is in a state of war . 
  these countries almost always have safe areas too . 
  war alone is not a reason to get asylum or not to be deported . 
   ome doctors unfortunately are very liberal with declaring people of this kind `` sick '' is a fraud if they do it for money . 
  otherwise could be assisting illegal immigration . 
  punish them . 
  and what is the main reason deportations do n't work ? 
  target countries do n't want to cooperate ? 
  well , and if native european goes to one of those areas what will happen ? 
  just angry faces or something more serious ? 
  or if police goes there ? 
  do these kind of areas really exist in london or is this just a fairytale ? 
   politicians here are actually dumb . 
  yeah . 
  how can l\u00f6fven be a prime minister ? 
  lol, 
  they are still isolated . 
  any change in moderaterna or sossarna ? 
  they happen all the time in the world . 
  no need to be childish . 
  it should definetely be done . 
  yes people . 
  but states and european union should . 
  is there any sign of swedish mainstream parties coming to there senses ? 
  or just regretting they temporarily lack capacity to take even more people in ? 
  there is something deeply wrong with our western neighbor . 
  i guess 200 years welfare and peace has made people naive and forget certain fundamental things in life . 
  they are heading towards a nasty wake up . 
  sshhh ... conservatism is nazi and rassist in modern europe . 
  you are not allowed to say these things that hurt leftist feefees :(, 
  happy family reunification . 
  boys can get married too cause now they are in norway , 
  a couple of years and most european countries will have right wing government . 
  all proposals to punish anyone will end up into garbage can . 
  do n't waste our time , ann linde . 
  they are not oppressed at all . 
  dont want to work and dont want to give up traditions that prevent integration . 
  poorness is their own fault . 
  why do n't they work instead of constantly trying to find someone who is foolish enough to give them free money ? 
  and i want to punish sweden for creating huge incentives for people to come to europe . 
   islam is incompatible with the german constitution many forms of it are . 
  not all . 
  but almost all mainstream forms of islam are incompatible . 
   migrants should be shot at the border petry said border guards have a right to use weapons too . 
  she didn say they `` should '' be shot . 
  and she was right , border guards have this right . 
  and the rest are a couple of anecdotes some stupid afd members maybe have said . 
  not part of party program .
