  are there any statistics available about gender and age those arriving greece ? 
  they all get registered there now so probably this statistics should be available somewhere ? 
  but none of them are really asylum seekers . 
  just economic migrants pretending to be refugees to abuse european welfare systems . 
  finland and russia have undersigned an agreement already long time ago that russia must check visas and other documents before letting people to border zone . 
  about two months ago russia just stopped applying this agreement anymore without any valid reasons . 
  so how are deportations going at the moment ? 
  any hope that at least most of them could be deported ? 
  maybe directly back to their home countries if russia is not cooperative . 
  we got mainly people that had lived in russia for years . 
  russian economic problems made the nordic welfare state to look very attractive to them . 
  understandable but not a really a valid case for asylum . 
  if i have understood it correctly , russia is not that interested to become a `` transit country '' between middle east and norden . 
  the migrants that came to norway and finland from russia were mainly people that had lived in russia for years . 
  russia is not that keen to be a transit country and allow uncontrolled flow from the middle east to nordic countries . 
  at least this is how it seems to be at the moment . 
  they unfortunately will come if certain countries continue to deliver them free lives in european welfare state . 
  and that is the only reason they come in the first place . 
  some people seem to have serious difficulties to admit this . 
  yeah . 
  lets open direct routes to german border and sacrifice germany . 
  maybe you can then rethink whether you can or can not change your policy . 
  germany 's refugee policy can hardly be called `` humanitarian '' because it lacks any coherent strategy and is n't particularly effective way to help anyone . 
  i guess germans do it because for years they have suffered from national identity problems related to the german past . 
  this is their way to finally feel good about themselves . 
  germany has become like the crazy cat women . 
  obsessed to `` rescue '' more and more cats even though it makes more harm than the good . 
  the cats being dirty , malnutritioned and retarded because of inbreeding . 
  they are not in immediate life danger in turkey . 
  this migration to northern europe is mainly economically motivated . 
  by allowing the illegal immigration turkey makes money . 
  starting from the flight company ending to bribed border guard . 
  why would they stop it ? 
  the reality seldom corresponds to utopian day dreams . 
  but compared to the rest of the world , there may be some truth in it too . 
  the problem is that these guys obviously are here for free lunch . 
  those dont exist anywhere . 
  good idea but maybe hopelessly utopistic . 
  well , at least turkey must have accepted to take them back ... 
  why do u transport them to athens . 
  suspend all ship connections . 
  economic migrant pretending to be a refugee is a welfare fraud . 
  we have a right to protect ourselves from that . 
  if you want to give all your money to an opportunist you are free to do so but not on tax payers money thank you . 
  so greece and turkey are capable of cooperation after all ? 
  this whole phenomenon may be like a mass psychosis . 
  people let themselves to be fooled because everyone around them is doing the same . 
  but of course the whole idea to make yourself wealthy by moving to a country with good welfare benefits is completely wrong and unsustainable . 
  wealth comes from work , innovation , enterpreneurship etc. 
  not from the welfare state . 
  in a way or other the magic spell of this easy economic migration must be broken . 
  european societies can handle it up to certain point but if this goes too far our societies will break . 
  these people must find ways to improve their lives in their home countries . 
  any statistics what the unemployment rate in rinkeby is ? 
  does the swedish media ever cover the problems with these no go zones in honest way ? 
  turkey probably needs eu more than eu turkey . 
  it is nato member also . 
  but the eu leaders should have some spine in the negotiations and explain erdogan some `` hard facts '' . 
  so that he would step down from his illusions as the new sultan ... 
  hope it works . 
  i 'm just suspicious how benevolent turkey will be . 
  they clearly have their own game going on . 
  why does n't she then clearly urge greece to open the hotspots ? 
  and say that germany takes refugees but only directly from greece . 
  not from it 's borders . 
  asulym applications can be processed in the camps . 
  those who get accepted live in the city . 
  economic migrants stay in the camp until they cooperate to go back voluntarily . 
  force against the migrants . 
  when you close inner european borders and deport people to camps . 
  yes it is . 
  but at some point you probably have to use force to implement it . 
  i mean these volunteer organisations who are partially organizing this illegal immigration . 
  many of them politically motivated . 
  yes i would close those too . 
  if necessary open camps there too . 
  if greece cooperates deport them to greek island . 
  all land borders can be closed . 
  does greece have any choice ? 
  not really . 
  when they arrive greek island they need help to continue travel . 
  just turn a couple of islands into camps . 
  and provide them help voluntarily to go back when they get bored . 
  but up to this point it seems turkey just tries to scam money from eu . 
  are there any european ngo 's behind this ? 
  giving them help to organize and build equipment to destroy the fence ? 
  i wouldnt be too surprised if left leaning ngo 's were operating there and making sure the media represents the situation in `` the right way '' . 
  sacrificing part of greece is better than the whole continent . 
  border control is enforceable if u just want to . 
  and because your country is further away in the north you could cooperate with balkan countries to close their borders . 
  eu as a whole could suspend asylum right and close the borders . 
  and at the same time invest money to improve refugee camps . 
  the real refugees would get their help but doors would stay closed for opportunists . 
  but now she gives all the keys to turkey . 
  do you really believe they are not gon na use them into their own advantage ? 
   a couple of suicidal nordic countries who ? 
  where ? 
  you still need an effective method to filter the economic opportunists out . 
  they have no intention to return . 
  germany could help greece by closing borders .
