  just give enough money that children can go to school and try also to create work opportunities . 
  selected group of young people should be given opportunity to study in european universites . 
  and eu combined has enough police and military to guarantee safety . 
  this could boost greece economy . 
  we would also save all the money that we spend in futile attempt to integrate these people into our societies . 
  and when the war is over they could go back . 
  why do you think u couldnt improve your situation . 
  you can study and russia has also some good quality education . 
  also nowaday it is a market economy and can start your own company . 
  part of the these poeple come because of economic reasons . 
  part of them may have mixed motivations like economic + war . 
  what if those who had economic motivations decide that it is much nicer to live in germany even on welfare ? 
  and refuse to leave . 
  if u had thousend you could use force to deport . 
  but even here the eu countries are rather inefficient . 
  but what about when you have one million ? 
  she probably knows what she says is not true . 
  but it will take time before people will notice that she lied ... 
  most people here like to think that we are culturally and politically `` western '' . 
  but the truth is that because of centuries of influence coming also from russia , we are at least a little bit ' `` eastern '' too . 
  we have had 0 growth now for several years . 
  our public sector/welfare state is so large that it kind of is dependent on economic growth . 
  hence , out state budgets have been deficient for several years now too . 
  we take lot 's of debt every year !, 
  well , we have at least the following problems - setbacks in it industry because of the downfall of nokia mobile phones - too large public sector due to overextended welfare state . 
  in my opinion , in finland it is too easy to live on welfare and not work . 
  - inflexible and rigid labour markets because of strong conservative trade unions - euro is also one of the reasons to our problems according to some economists . 
  - russia has traditionally been an important trading partner to us and russia 's economic difficulties influence also us . 
  extreme left makes violent attacks against persons too , not just property . 
  terror is terror, 
  if the quotas were accepted , it would possibly lead into a situation where this immigrant flow to europe would become permanent . 
  there are tens of millions of people who would love to come to europe as economic migrants and the quota system would create a situation where spineless eu politicians who dont have enough balls to say `` no '' could continue to keep the gates open . 
  in the end , poland could very well end up taking more than `` negligible '' amount . 
  the usa did n't have any real reasons to attack iraq . 
  and they did n't have any working exit strategy . 
  no need to repeat the mistakes usa has done . 
  iraq was stable so the attack was pointless . 
  also without western interventions gaddafi and assad would have crushed the opposition . 
  so of course not every intervention is good . 
   is a great idea.it 's not executed well though ... yeah , like the soviet union . 
  maybe there are deeper reasons than bad governance why eu does n't work . 
  europe is not homogeneous enough to become one state . 
  and as a confederation it is ineffective and quarrelsome . 
  eu should get some balls and be more ready to make interventions . 
  ideally , there should be a mechanism allowing the united nations to take control of a country where a serious humanitarian crisis takes place . 
  easier to say than do . 
  hence , eu should be ready to act even without the un . 
  passive wait and see and just let everything happen does n't work anymore . 
  becoming more interventionist is the only way to prevent europe from collapsing under the pressure that will come from the middle east and africa in the coming decades . 
  and no more cultural sensitivity towards backward islam . 
  instead , we should develop social engineering strategies to westernize all the people that come here and also push as much westernization to africa and middle east as possible . 
  with soft social , economic and cultural strategies of course . 
  eu is much smaller in population than the third world but much much stronger in social innovation , economy , military , science and high tech . 
  let 's us that . 
  you may call this a soft form of `` neocolonialism '' if u want but i do n't see any other way . 
  abusing asylum system to defraud money ? 
  problem ? 
  the eu politicians have repeated this very same thing tens of times now . 
  nothing happens . 
  can eu ever do anything else than talk ? 
  if the influx of refugees overwhelmed the country or threatened the internal security , it might be a legal ground to declare an emergency state and suspend some of the legal commitments . 
  law is never that straightforward . 
  sometimes there may be sound reasons to suspend legal commitments . 
  and anyway it is a matter of interpretation whether u find these as refugees or economic migrants after traveling through several safe countries . 
  this is a matter of will . 
  at the moment there is no political will to stop this mass immigration . 
  if there is will , the eu is strong enough to close the outer border and return all immigrants back to turkey . 
  and then take refugees directly from turkey refugee camps the amount we can absorb . 
  is afd really that extreme some people here seem to think ? 
  i have n't really followed german politics that closely but i think they are - for stricter immigration policy like australia or canada . 
  - want to restrict the amount of humanitarian immigrants ( refugees ) to a much lower level from what it is now . 
  these goals are against the current policy but i would n't call this `` extremism '' . 
  in finland there is a party `` the finns party '' which is now one of our ruling parties and is quite similar what regards their program . 
  but by no means is it `` nazi '' or extreme right wing . 
  i thought what they want is stricter immigration policy like canada or australia . 
  do they really want to throw all foreigners out from germany ? 
  in linguistics the genetic relationship assumes the construction of the common protolanguage . 
  this has been done to finno-ugric family . 
  if there were a connection between uralic and altaic it must be so far away in history that the evidence we have today does n't anymore suffice to prove it . 
  however , there are some striking similarities between turkic and fenno-ugric languages like heavy agglutination . 
  but this might also be a coincidence . 
   there is a sense that at times you have to do what 's right and not only what benefits you the most . 
  the way eu/germany handles this crisis , can it really anymore be said to be `` the morally right way '' ? 
  how does it help to solve me wars and refugee problem to let hundreds of thousands opportunist economic migrants freely to come to europe ? 
  eating resources that could be spent to help real refugees . 
  the point must be to do good and not to make yourself look good . 
   usually migrants will try anything to stay in europe . 
  they 'll make multiple applications , try to apply under different names and using false documents . 
  if their application gets rejected they 'll go underground , move to a different country in the eu and try again . 
  fraudulent economic migrants should face some consequences . 
  repeatedly lying to authorities and using fake ids etc. 
  should give some prison time to them . 
  if they can do what they want without punishment this will never end ... 
  what is the reason france cant get things under control and has let the situation go this bad ? 
  no idea . 
  but if there were enough $ $ $ on the table , maybe someone would volunteer . 
  where ? 
  some of the eu countries gives the territory to work as an offshore hotspot . 
  i understand the reasons why afd will stay out but what is the problem with die linke ? 
  why could n't eu use it 's own territory as an offshore hotspot .
