  instead of educating them to be civilized citizens ? 
   people do n't have a right to be accepted , they have a right to equality . 
  the difference here is ? 
   `` religious freedom '' this culture has nothing to do with freedom . 
  but ok , maybe the ban is not the right path . 
  it would better for the state to give support and protection to those women who want to fight against this . 
  so that they dont have to be afraid of revenge . 
   the more crazy people that could not live without wearing a niqab or whatever simply moved out of france . 
  they claim this ban only means the women will stay in their houses like prisoners or something . 
   so why should we ? 
  fixing the problems is your responsibility . 
  doesnt matter if they ultimately were caused by hoxha or whatever . 
  you can not join before you satisfy the criteria . 
   they become american because , they can . 
  many muslims dont integrate because they dont want to . 
  not because they cant . 
  i would accept them . 
  but first they must get rid of corruption , otherwise it is waste of time to send any eu money there . 
  and there must be strong enough safeguards guaranteeing they have no easy access to northern welfare states before seriously working first . 
   albania has been isolated long enough . 
  you caused this yourself . 
   bosnia and albania are majority muslim . 
  50 years of socialism has done it 's work . 
  most of them are as much muslim as western europeans are anymore christians . 
   25 % hungarian that is then like 12,50 % finn or something !, 
  and how much from these tensions nowadays come from left-wing agitated guilt and victim complex ? 
  people should finally see that the there is only one thing that causes problems in multiculturalism : islam . 
  everybody else is just okay after we learn a bit language and learn basics of local customs . 
  without islam we wouldnt have this vast multiculturalism discussion going on . 
  it is always islam that demands special attention , special rights and is immense source of problems . 
  we lead because the swedish language is mandatory for everyone . 
   western societies are individualist societies . 
  indeed . 
  but to preserve individualist society it is not a wise idea to import tons of people who believe in theocracy and then lie to everyone this is a great cultural enrichment . 
  the way the establishment media lies about multiculturalism is almost like in the old communist countries when press told we live in paradise and everyone could see we didnt . 
  now we are told importing millions of life time welfare recipients with backwards religious views enrichens our societies and everyone can see it doesnt . 
  sweden is a kind of extreme case in how far the left can go in pushing it 's agenda and censoring critique with hysterical political correctness . 
  but all your basic points are valid and i think the political climate is changing and dominating position of left liberal ideology is gradually ending . 
  part of this dissatisfaction finds it 's way to populist right wing parties and it is kind of problem but the left have only themselves to blame for this . 
  do n't even think to solve your problem by sending your invited guests here . 
  we dont want them . 
  eu border security is the first thing that must start to work then we can have a look at this problem . 
  thank you . 
  if eu were able to cooperate here , it would have lot 's of negotiation power . 
  what can e.g. 
  morocco do if eu just demands illegals must be taken back and if u do n't u get economic sanctions . 
   if parents have to decide who stays at home , it will almost always be the mother . 
  what is wrong with this if it is genuinely fee choice ? 
  indeed . 
  it would much easier for european people to resist far right parties if our governments resisted crazy far left immigration politics . 
   we suck boys . 
  it 's nowadays counted as a sign of being progressive ... 
  i guess this is mostly related to heavy drinking here . 
  nobody is perfect , 
  just enlarging the buffer zone they already have there or full scale attack that would take the whole country ? 
  but some people fit in better than the other . 
  some have better capabilities to change than others . 
  it is just a good idea to be selective and take those we can estimate to integrate better . 
  those who dont are a burden and we dont have any duty to take that burden . 
  immigration policy is not charity it must start from national interest . 
  you can reject all religion as bullshit and believe in freedom of religion both at the same time . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  you can critic my atheist beliefs as much as u can . 
  i dont need or want any special protection . 
  so all religious beliefs are beyond all critic ? 
  indeed , juncker himself is the one who needs the lesson first . 
  like : - european people dont want uncontrolled mass immigration from mena countries . 
  - eu 's duty is to serve european people first and those eu politicians who dont accept this must resign . 
  - border security must be guaranteed under all circumstances and it is unforgivable that eu leaders have sacrificed this to allow mass immigration to continue against the will of people but maybe serving something in their own federalist agenda . 
  - humanitarian crisis can be solved with other means than mass immigration . 
  this is the first lesson for you , junckers . 
  because islam puts special restrictions on women to keep them submissive and prevent them from integrating to infidels ' society . 
  and no one excluding a couple of `` colonial guilt '' leftist `` intellectuals '' wants to transform the british society into `` sharia-sensitive '' . 
  that 's why , guardian . 
  well any chances to open a foreign paypal account and maybe foreign bank account ? 
  how is bribing a dictator any better than protecting our border security ourselves ? 
  and we should recognize kurdistan as an independent country and start to deliver them weapons . 
  they can take your place in nato . 
  erdogan neo-ottoman policy and intervention in syrian crisis is partially responsible for the refugees . 
  you have supported isis and other jihadists inside syria . 
  so dont complain if u get refugees . 
  hmmm ... did u forget '' / s '' ? 
   does n't help people who are dying boats can go back to turkey . 
  give them cash for doing that or other incentives . 
  clearly state them eu takes refugees only from camps . 
  stop that absolutely hypocrit `` we mus stay open for all , we are soooo great humanist '' bullshit virtue signaling . 
   denying themselves the opportunity to ask for asylum in greece so they are economic opportunists not real refugees . 
  send them back . 
  macedonian border will do . 
  and it is very is to secure it . 
  panzer divisions were two far away from the coast line and luftwaffe fucked up the rest . 
   when a country is not willing to protect its borders and citizens anymore it ceases to exist . 
  nato and eu have protected germany from all external threats for decades . 
  they have already forgotten these basic things what it takes to be a sovereign country . 
  good for them but they should understand that peace and stability has not come from the idealistic nonsense of their domestic leftists but because the others have done the dirty job for them . 
  time to grow up germany . 
  close the macedonian and bulgarian borders . 
  their riot police can do the dirty job . 
  but but ... this does n't fit leftist world view where banks and capitalists are always guilty . 
   paypal is banned so as a freelance worker i lost many job opportunities .
