  many parents resist integration . 
  they dont want their children to `` westernize '' . 
  quite an amount of bullshit in one paragraph . 
  investing money into immigrants would be acceptable if they were employable inside a reasonable amount of time . 
  unfortunately all the statistics shows that the integration of immigrants coming from mena has been a failure . 
  unemployement is very high even after many years of residence . 
  these people live on welfare benefits in huge problem gettos in suburban areas convienently `` out of sight '' . 
  the amounf ot hypocrisy , denial and moralism in sweden is amazing . 
  if this continues like this sweden is heading itself towards huge problems . 
   fahed , 19 , was one of those now resigned to a life in turkey of poverty and illegal labour . 
  the syrian had wanted to reach europe because he does not have the right to work legally in turkey , despite the introduction of a new law in january that was theoretically supposed to help him enter the regular labour market . 
   but as midnight approached , fahed gave up on his dream and prepared to return to his job in a sewing factory , where he works 14 hours a day for just over half the legal turkish minimum wage . 
  `` anybody who gets caught now will get sent back -- so we 're going back , '' said fahed . 
  `` it 's time to forget about europe . '' why does n't turkey allow these people to work legally ? 
  now they are enforced to do illegal labour with horrible conditions . 
  almost like turkey intentionally wanted to make their life economically miserable to get rid of them . 
  except that we do . 
  remember the visa free travel . 
  the syrians that are taken from turkey dont have to prove they are under threat in turkey ? 
  this sounds like a trickery ... 
  why would this stop influx to greece if they can apply for asylum immediately they arrive ? 
  this creates an incentive to travel to greece . 
  they should declare turkey safe and deport everyone . 
  and the asylum is applied for greece ? 
  if they can apply asylum for germany why would they stop coming ? 
  offering an opportunity for asylum in greece would be understandable because no one wants greece . 
  this is economic migration after all . 
  how is this supposed to work . 
  if they can apply for asylum the trip is worth making ... 
  so how are these supposed to work ? 
  are they first offered an option to apply for asylum in greece ? 
  or directly deported back to turkey ? 
  why do you think this is such a bad deal for turkey ? 
  in my opinion this is a bad deal for eu . 
  eu member cant be undemocratic dictatorship . 
  but does nato have any rules for the members ? 
  nato is supposed to be the military alliance of western democracies ... 
  this is true . 
  however , you somehow believe in the free speech and free society . 
  if the authorities dont care , brave individuals can start to fight . 
  this is how it happened in the west . 
  the evolution of homosexuality is a subject still with lots of unknown things . 
  i just tried to formulate a hypothetical explanation why it might be useful to human species . 
  google `` evolution of homosexuality '' and you find different kind of theories . 
  and before that humans didnt form any kind of `` societes '' ? 
  it correlates to not using condom . 
  not sexual orientation . 
  this is a very weak argument . 
  basically you say that if we all were exactly similar it would be optimal to our population . 
  ever heard of `` division of labour '' ? 
  humans are a social species and a small amount of gay population might benefit the whole species . 
  the older generation wo n't change their mind . 
  they grew up in a completely different era . 
  maybe smaller amount of educated and open minded people might be an exception . 
  we just have to wait until these people are not in power anymore . 
  it is not reasonable to speak about homosexuality when it is question of pedophilia . 
  that male pedophiles ' victims are more likely to be boys can be explained by the fact that they have more opportunities to have contacta with boys . 
  the pedophiles are not interested in adult men so it is not the same thing as homosexuality . 
   anti-muslim racism lol . 
  she does n't understand the difference between race and religion . 
  gender studies departments at the universities are full of this pseudoscience bullshit but for pc reasons they hardly get the criticism they would deserve ... 
   https://twitter.com/fannymuelleruri she seems to be one of those left wing feminists who has taken fight against `` islamophobia '' as her life mission . 
  i can understand you want to protect refugees but why to protect stone aged oppressive system of beliefs ? 
  it is always as puzzling to see these naive women in a conference together with angry bearded jihadists fighting together for `` emancipation '' . 
  how retarded can you go ? 
   however , if you try the to come over the border in the thousands , the police can not stop you as far as i know , they were returned to greece . 
  i dont have much sympathy for anarchists or these political `` action artists '' . 
  they have their own agenda and want publicity . 
  migrants are means only to them . 
  maybe anarchists behind this ? 
  they were also organizing calais riots . 
  anarchists may also be behind this . 
  their purpose is to cause troubles . 
  they dont care if someone dies or what they do is irresponsible . 
  yes , it is a good tool in the hands of the left . 
  get rid of the political right just by comparing it to hitler . 
  but in the long term it will destroy the political climate because it is a lie . 
  only real national socialists should be called as such . 
  die linke would scream like crazy if somebody demanded the party to be abolished as unconstitutional because it is `` stalinist '' or `` bolshevist '' . 
  which of course it is n't but for the political opponent it would be handy to get rid of it just by claiming it is . 
  edit : i do not claim that people on the right do n't sometimes call people `` communists '' even when they are n't . 
  time for ukraine to get worried again ? 
  which factions will be the participants of this war ? 
  eu should adopt purely pragmatic attitude towards integration . 
  create institutions and forms of cooperation that work and benefit us all . 
  do n't push federalist agenda forwards just because of ideological reason . 
  europe is too heterogenous to become one state . 
  eu has created common markets and free movement . 
  it may be that in the long term this speeds up the process where european national identites melt together into one european identity . 
  then it is the time to make europe into one state . 
  so like those aspects of integration that provably work like inner markets . 
  and hate the eurocrats ' arrogant federalism . 
   i 'm afraid turkey will face a very yugoslavian story in the near future . 
  you seriously think turkey is going towards civil war ? 
  unhcr statistics shows ~ 150 arrivals in austria from 7.3.2016 onwards . 
  strange if germany got more . 
   at the end of februrary , which was before things were shut down completely by macedonia , we were at roughly 500 a day and how about after the closure ? 
   but it has been effective in reducing the influx into germany . 
  how many daily arrivals at the moment ? 
  remeber that these ponzi schemes also pay profits to early investors .
