  we already did . 
  why are all our eu politicians useless idiots ? 
  i guess quite a lot of illegal economic migrants have come to germany knowing they dont have a chance to get asulym . 
  maybe they have friends , relatives somewhere and they just go underground ... 
  and germany has a duty to take all cousins , uncles and grandmothers ? 
  and what is wrong with turkey or greece ? 
  not enough freebies and you have to work for your money ? 
  it is great to notice that at least part of the left havent abandoned secularism . 
  it is some sort of crazy experience to watch left politicians demanding special protection to `` religious identity '' and even public money to be spent to support islamist or conservative muslim organizations . 
  the sooner we get rid of this regressive left the better . 
  the harm they do to our secular societies is unbelievable . 
  if i could decide i would immediately abandon all multiculturalism and `` culturally sensitive '' identity politics and instead clearly declare that secularism based on enlighment values is the dominant culture in europe and all other cultures must adjust themsleves into this leitkultur . 
  if you dont like it , i dont care . 
  basic civil rights and negative freedoms are more than enough to guarantee personal autonomy what regards to religion and lifestyle . 
  all of forms of positive discrmination to support `` religious culture '' or `` muslim identity '' are bullshit and they must stop . 
  i guess our continent will soon be in deep troubles if this is the way our politicians think problems related to immigration can be solved . 
  none of your insights make mass immigration from muslim countries some sort of natural force that is `` necessary '' or `` unavoidable '' . 
   an islamic country joining is n't the issue but rather a heavily religious country joining will be a problem . 
  i dont disagree here . 
  liberal secularized islam isnt worse or better than liberal secularized christianity . 
  but fundamentalist religions are a real pain . 
  they almost always get aggressive if the society doesnt accept their `` god given eternal truths '' . 
  actually i have heard some leftist activists saying this very same thing . 
  and they are serious , not joking . 
  why not ? 
  eu isnt a `` christian club '' . 
  we are very secular and some european countries have almost completely abandoned religion . 
  and i honestly speaking dont want conservative religion back to our politics . 
  i dont mind if it is islam or christianity i will resist everything that will increase the influence of fundamentalist religions in our societies . 
  and i will have zero `` cultural sensitivity '' if someone wants to found his political ideas on stone aged fairy tale . 
  but why is n't anti-west hatred spread in molenbeek mosques banned ? 
  but this doesnt mean you cant be selective what regards to immigration . 
  the borders still exist and we dont have to tolerate welfare migration . 
   that is a false dichotomy it would if the left abandoned all of its `` cultural sensitivity '' , `` identity politics '' , `` postcolonialism '' and `` oppressed victims of the west '' nonsense . 
  the way left behaves now , it unfortunately isnt . 
  you are right that globilization is an objective process is that just takes place . 
  but it still leaves lots of choice that in what way we adapt ourselves to it . 
  some left parties have even seen immigration as a possibility to get new voters . 
  but the immigration policy is supposed to serve the nation , not party interests . 
  the artice itself clealry quotes statistics which tell the numbers of anti-west attitudes . 
  it does n't claim all ( = 100 % ) hate but that a substantial amount of muslmis do . 
  the headline itself may be a bit misleading depending how u want to interpret it . 
  the artice is not racist , xenophobic or bigoted . 
  so do n't worry . 
  but kicking out thousands of militarily trained men and excluding them from the society is not that great idea . 
  the army and police should have been reformed through education in cooperation with democratically elected government . 
  at least the end result could n't be worse . 
  now many of these men are in ranks of isis and is one explanation why isis is militarily so professional . 
  iraq was fucked mainly because of the incompetent way the americans handled the postwar governing . 
  like disbanding the police and army and then expecting everyhting will go just fine ... 
  is there any hope that libya would cooperate and we could start deportations . 
  i dont see any other way to stop this . 
   eradicate the totalitarian political ideology of islamism but that might insult some piuos and bearded man 's feelings :(, 
  those who use smuggle service should get deported back to turkey where they could get their asyl application processed . 
  and also if asyl is given it shouldnt automatically mean you will get to europe . 
  it could also mean protection in refugee camp . 
  european authorities should then select the most vulnerable to be taken to europe . 
  this would make end of it . 
  sometimes old people get released because of `` poor health '' . 
  hope they dont do it in his case but put him into prison hospital instead . 
  at least he is rather courageous . 
  his own community wont praise him . 
  sadly . 
  is there possibility of parole or will he spend the rest of his life in prison ? 
  i understand but i do not believe revenge to be the ultimate goal if our justice system . 
  no murderer can ever undo or compensate what he has done but i can still accept the idea of parole . 
  murder already gives a life sentence , at least here . 
  most sentenced get a parole after 15-20 years . 
  the usa uses `` life without parole '' as a substitute for death penalty but i think normal life sentences with possibility of parole are enough for everything . 
  20 years is a lot of time to change . 
  we have to improve our capabilities to monitor whether they really have changed and if not then suspend parole . 
  even in extreme groups the leaders may be educated and intelligent . 
  they are probably sociopaths or something but not necessarily stupid . 
  an avarage follower of an extremist leader maybe not that intelligent . 
  police could go undercover and pretend to be refugee . 
  this is old time police work really . 
  but they must be close to those greek islands that refugees target . 
  it cant be an impossible task for coast guard to find them . 
  if turkey wanted to stop this they could . 
  they must know the beaches where the traffickers operate from . 
  just go there and arrest . 
  well , europe is the home of cosmpolitan universalist idea that we all humans are `` one '' and can coexist in the same society . 
  this may be because europeans once controlled almost the whole world through imperialism and colonialism . 
  of course our current `` postcolonial '' leftist multiculturalism is different than the multiculturalism of imperialist era . 
  important is to understand that they both have their flaws . 
  europe has been multicultural for centuries . 
  but the european multiculturalism assumes that all people here share some kind of cosmopolitan and universalist common framework . 
  almost always when we have difficulties with multiculturalism it is question of islam and it 's incapability to coexist peacifully with anything that is not islam . 
   the eu , on the other hand , has not delivered on its promise to send 2,300 officials and police to carry out the operation . 
  according to the somp , no eu officials had arrived as of monday . 
  i have a strange feeling that this wont go as planned . 
  numbers will just increase and finally authoritities will be overwhelmed ... 
  if you want the deportations to have effect on numbers of arrivials they should take place fast and effectvely . 
  eu managed to fuck up this again ... 
  poles perform very well as migrants . 
  they are very rarely dependent on welfare benefits unlike mena immigrants who are almost completely dependent on welfare benefits no matter for how long they stay . 
  poles already are close enough to swedish culture that not to be a problem . 
  and the amazing thing here is that our left wing considers these conservative muslim organizations as their `` ally '' . 
  the inconsistency is mind boggling . 
  i can understand that you want to protect refugees as human beings but why to protect stone aged system of beliefs that is not much else than middle eastern version of european fascism ?
