  that would help because germany is the only reason these people come to europe . 
  the whole idea that germany keeping it 's borders open helps someone is so out of the touch with reality that i wonder if she really believes in it . 
  maybe just too stubborn to admit her mistake ? 
  it can be enforced on greece northern border . 
  that is no reason to declare ur borders to be wide open . 
  rather a good reason to find ways to reduce the influx . 
  sweden and finland are probably the two most spoiled and pampered nanny states you can find from the world . 
  they share almost identical social democratic models of welfare state . 
  luckily finland is now in economic problems ( still mild but problems anyway ) so maybe some common sense will be adaptod by our politicians before it is too late and we go fully bankrupt . 
  it might be sweden too . 
  i think these two must be the two most generous in europe . 
   i think it was in finland where an asylum seeker could earn more money than an entry lbevel worker . 
  might be true . 
  we are still one of the most generous countries in europe . 
  european politicians have really hard time understanding how attractive the promise of free life in a welfare state is to so many . 
  maybe their own privileged life has caused them to lose the sense of reality . 
  refugee camps close to crisis area are enough to give geneva protection . 
  the rest it economic migration . 
  an effective solution to eu migration problems : implement the morgenthau plan as fast as possible . 
  closing the borders would be the best thing germany could do now . 
  that would remove the main incentive to come to europe in the first place . 
  and it is utter bullshit to speak about `` fair sharing '' . 
  no one has human right to live in the rich north . 
  eu should concentrate it 's efforts to build refugee camps . 
  germany could rescue greece from chaos by simply announcing that no more migrants are allowed in germany . 
  then the main incentive to come to greece would be taken away . 
  however , seems that germany prefers to stick to it 's self-made messiah complex and fuck up the rest of europe . 
  there is an european answer that almost all eu countries can accept : close our exterior border . 
  sch\u00e4ubles `` european solution '' is once again the rest of europe paying germany 's bills . 
  will also salafist hate speech against the west be removed ? 
  or religiously motivated hate speech against sexual minorities ? 
  germany could save greece from catastrophe by clearly announcing that it doesnt take migrants anymore . 
  then it would be pointless to come to greece . 
  but more likely to happen is as follows - balkan countries close greece border - more and more migrants come to greece - germany goes into hysterical hypocrite mode critising all balkan countries and continuing to shout all over the world how open and humane they are to migrants - migrant hear this and start to push towards north . 
  - this leads into ugly conflicts with balkan countries border control - greece and all balkan countries get fucked . 
  - germany screams like crazy about human rights but is secretly happy no one comes anymore - thank you germany . 
  once again you fucked up the whole of europe . 
  eu would certainly have the power to do it but it has no will because it is lead by weak idiots . 
   dont panic the eu is preparing the emergency plan and this is ? 
  eu wide quotas once again?a new eu summit in september ? 
  some other idea that does n't work ? 
  and the only way to solve this deportation problem is an offshore hotspot . 
  do n't let them into your country at all . 
  austria does n't want to be your hotspot as you have probably noticed . 
  greece does n't want either but they have no choice so it will be greece . 
  greece is the first eu country these guys arrive so in my opinion it is eu 's duty to help greece to get rid of them . 
  otherwise greece has an incentive to send them further to the north . 
  also , when fake refugees notice there have no hope to go to germany , maybe at some point they stop coming ? 
  eu should help to deport those who have no hope for asulym like the moroccon . 
  so greece must offer to process their requests . 
  if they refuse , immediately order them to leave the country or threaten them with prison . 
  bit tough but would probably work . 
  it would be better to close the whole balkan route . 
  now people still have hope to move on to the north and they continue coming to greece in increasing numbers . 
  daily quota is a recipe to create some ugly scenes on the border after enough frustrated people have gathered there . 
  okay germany , where did u hide the bodies this time ? 
  i have quite openly said that on the top of the well being of the victims i am also worried about the reasonableness of this kind of policy where you try to avoid all kinds of `` cultural conflict '' because , well , it is `` politically convienient '' . 
  so in my opinion i have had no `` hidden agenda '' . 
  i have made all my points explicit already in the beginning . 
  i suppose that in this way the perpretators would learn the lesson and give up violating the law . 
  so this would be more efficient in the long term . 
  let them stay but with 24 hour guarding . 
  except that it is is n't : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_of_law, 
  here in finland , in a case of severe crime , the punishment does n't depend on the will of the victim . 
  maybe you have another kind of approach there then . 
  we do . 
  but the existence of these shelters does n't mean the violent men would avoid punishment . 
  they face the punishment even in the cases the spouse resists the punishment . 
  the problem in germany seems to be that the perpretators dont face any consequences . 
  and this is utterly destructive policy . 
  yes . 
  by punishing the perpretators severe enough . 
  by removing them from the center if necessary . 
  at the moment it seems there are no punishments at all . 
  combine this with giving clear enough education to everyone in the refugee center about the local rules . 
  accroding to your interpretation , the `` rule of law '' means that no one ever breaks the law . 
  this of course is ridiculously unrealistic . 
  in my opinion , the rule of law means that if someone breaks the law , a punishment follows and authorities make their best effort the perpretator wont ever repeat that again . 
  if the german authorities bothered to enforce the `` rule of law '' in this sense , gay people had no reason to leave refugee centers . 
  torrenting is a civil dispute , not a crime . 
  it is a pity you want to even compare severe criminal activity with a minor civil dispute . 
  if someone or even a group of people dont believe in moral authority of law in a case of serious crime , then it is authorities legal duty to enforce the law by brute force if necessary . 
  whether this is `` convienent '' or `` culturally sensitive '' has no meaning whatsoever . 
  by neglecting these duties , germany is omitting it 's basic duties as country of `` rule of law '' and as a country committed to protection of basic human rights . 
  it may be that this is done for `` pragmatic politically convienient '' reasons or `` culturally sensitive '' reasons . 
  it doesnt matter whatsoever . 
  what an epic failure . 
  pity to notice law and basic civil rights dont mean anything to you . 
  and seems to have more truth you are ready admit . 
  total control is not needed . 
  just the same level of control as everywhere else in the society . 
  now it seems there is no control at all . 
  according to the german law discrimination is forbidden everywhere in germany . 
  your comment just openly admits german authorities have lost control in parts of their country and are also omitting their duties to enforce the law in all of the country . 
  why is it the gays that must leave the refugee centers ? 
  as far as i know germany like any other civilized european nation has antidiscrimination laws . 
  have the german authorities lost their ability to enforce the law ? 
  or have u voluntarily decided that germany is n't anymore a country of `` rule of law '' ? 
  have the refugee centers become places where german law is n't in force ? 
  you never thought there are also people who really care about gay and women rights and are worried ?
