  use bitcoin . 
  greece can be the refugee camp . 
  give every refugee a prepaid card and send them money every month . 
  the card such that it works only in greece . 
  this will boost greece economy and society in many ways . 
  greeks have suffered from severe depression . 
  arabs are of social and friendly nature and will cheer them up also psychologically . 
  kick you out of customs union and if it doesnt help , embargo . 
  officially recognize kurdistan as independent country . 
  deliver them weapons if needed . 
  ca n't eu really handle this little tyrant ? 
  how about a little bit of embargo , erdogan ? 
  well , this is germany for you . 
  first kill your well integrated and productive minority . 
  then feel guilty and import a non-integrating minority that wont do much else then suck benefits . 
   anglos are crap at integrating they dont really have to . 
  they already come from modern cosmopolitan western culture . 
  why then so many want to immigrate there if it is that bad ? 
  almost any country has from german perspective . 
  german courts have recognized child marriages if they have married abroad . 
  crazy . 
  same sex marriages ofc are not recognized . 
  very fair . 
  german courts have recognized child marriages if they have married abroad . 
  crazy . 
  same sex marriages ofc are not recognized . 
  very fair . 
  so the man must pay her living for the rest of her life ? 
  interesting . 
  can he take another wife also if he doesnt like the victim that much ? 
  will the woman be asked if she wants to marry the rapist ? 
  and if i rape a man can i get gay married with him if this new law passes ? 
  let 's see for how long germany 's secularism will last . 
  you are already accepting child marriages i.e. 
  institutionalized pedophilia . 
  do u ever get bored with trolling ? 
  well , the self-segregation goes back to islam as political-religious ideology . 
  it is a supremacist ideology and young muslims are taught to be better than `` decadent '' western culture . 
  hence they dont integrate because they dont want to . 
  if a western person would even hint that in his opinion there are some positive aspects in his enlightenment culture that he finds to be better than backwards muslim culture , he would be shamed with endless accuses of `` racism '' . 
  the crazy thing is that at the same time when the left tries to suppress all voices defending western culture they support muslim supremacy ideologies with all kinds of financial aid and schemes of positive discrimination . 
  this goes ultimately back to certain blind spots in current leftist ideology . 
  the left sees `` the western man '' as their only enemy and wants to destroy all institutions and power centers created by this evil `` western man '' . 
  it is utterly devastating ideological blindness and if it doesnt stop , it will have serious consequences to our societies . 
  i want to add here that my criticism applies only to this new postmodern left that has adopted poisonous ideas of cultural relativism and identity politics . 
  and this is the original root of left 's insane policies . 
  strong cultural relativism is an incoherent doctrine and when it is combined with abandoning reason and science , the result is really toxic . 
  ive even heard leftist `` intellectuals '' saying that criticizing islam from the viewpoint of science and reason is `` western cultural imperialism '' . 
  what madness . 
  the old left that was for enlightenment values , rational social politics , science etc is something that should come back . 
  the old left never denied the value of science and reason even when they were created in the context of `` bourgeois state '' . 
  the point was not the deny them but to make sure that the fruits of enlightenment must be available for everyone , not only to elite . 
  algerians = brits , french = muslims ? 
  it actually is, 
  linke still that much burdened with it 's sed past ? 
  still living in the good old world of `` deutsch-sowjetische freundschaft '' ? 
  islam is a supremacist and sexist religion . 
  muslim men believe they are superior to westerners and women . 
  this is the main reason making it so hard to integrate . 
  basically , they dont integrate because they dont want to . 
  blaming racism is nonsense because christian africans and arabs perform better . 
  america has jobs . 
  europe doesnt . 
  we have massive unemployment . 
  if we had jobs these people could do , i wouldnt mind them coming . 
  but they reject welfare state . 
  if european welfare states didnt exist the refugees wouldnt come here . 
  immigration is a horrible way to do charity . 
  there are better ways . 
  we know that certain islamist people refuse to integrate . 
  they tell it openly and that is what their imams teach to people . 
  but ofc i dont claim that excess xenophobia makes it harder and is also source of integration problems . 
  educated people with language skills usually integrate well everywhere irrespective from which ethnic background they come from . 
  this means that xenophobia cant be the only factor . 
  selective and restricted immigration policy works here . 
  certain type of people integrate better than the others . 
  we should prefer them . 
  and at the moment eu doesnt really need non educated immigrants into anything . 
  we have mass unemployment . 
  and the leftist strategies have failed . 
  you can not integrate people who do n't want to integrate . 
  they must stay out . 
  you already have american nukes on your soil do n't u ? 
  without usa and without nukes the eu would be completely helpless against the russian aggression . 
  russia attacks , drops a couple of nukes here and there to make us scary and then dictates the terms of peace ? 
  that is what you want ? 
  i do n't want the immigration to stop completely . 
  i know the economy benefits from certain kind of immigration and to some extent we have to take it . 
  but no one benefits from welfare immigration , millions of people coming here that do n't integrate to our culture and live on benefits the rest of their lives . 
  wrong kind of immigration can be stopped and should be stopped . 
  look at the usa for example . 
  one of the leading immigration countries in the world : if you think you get an easy life there by living on free money , boy you are wrong . 
  but e.g. 
  in the nordics welfare leeching is the easiest thing to do and we attract these useless sponges all over the world . 
  unemployment and crime rates are horrible even after decades of living here . 
  immigration system in the style of canada and australia would do fine with me . 
  immigration must serve europe , not the other way round . 
  all colonialism guilt must be thrown out of the window . 
  current generations of europeans have no duty to make self harming politics because of colonialism . 
  colonialism guilt is racism towards modern european generations .
