  he does n't really have any party behind him that he would dictatorially lead . 
   respect for every human being no matter the origin , skin colour , ** sexual orientation ** germany could also itself give equal civil rights to all people . 
  climate change denialism is maybe the most dangerous of his beliefs assuming he really believes in it . 
  this is where the eu should form common front against him if necessary and even cooperate with china if needed . 
  in economy and social politics mistakes can be severe but they are usually repairable . 
  but unfortunately in some things related to environment protection mistakes might be unforgivable . 
  but if they have to choose between two fucking stupid shitheads then why not to choose that one they prefer ? 
  what does it matter in the end ? 
  piece of shit is piece of shit . 
  err ... this is ironic ? 
  in case it isnt . . you noticed you commit all the same sins in your writing you accuse the republicans of ? 
  as far the `` liberals '' are arrogant like u they will continue to vote for these trumps . . 
  this piece of garbage is no danger to anyone else than itself . 
  will probably sink before reaching syria . 
   queerism what is this ? 
  yeah , germany , netherlands and nordic countries are such a horribile places because of social liberalism . 
  saudi and afghan societies so much better ... 
  but if the supporters have parliamentary majority , who can stop them first making initiative and then voting yes . 
  you do n't need the government coalition 's acceptance to make a new law . 
   liberal , gays-can-legally-get-married-but-don ` t-kiss-your-boyfriend-in-public cities governed by spd/die gr\u00fcne / die linke . 
  i know that gay community in cities like hamburg and berlin have been targeted by some hateful attacks coming from the muslim immigrants . 
  but is the situation really so bad ? 
  i have thought they were handful of isolated cases , not systematic security threat . 
  has this really happened ? 
   what are afghanis doing in belgium ? 
  isis is a criminal terror organization . 
  freedom of speech ? 
  really ? 
  well ok but grabbing a bit land for huge cost is a rather lame `` operational victory '' . 
  in finland we never think `` winter war '' as `` operational defeat '' but as `` strategic victory '' ( because avoiding `` strategic defeat '' ), 
   what they demanded you assume here that those demands that the soviets made in the initial negotations were all that they really had in mind . 
  it was tactics though . 
  first demand military bases , then take the whole country . 
  they used the same deceptive tactics against the baltic states . 
  yeah but what they initially demanded was not what they expected to get through war . 
  easy occupation was what they expected . 
   holodomor was n't deliberate in they say it was . 
   planned industrialised destruction of people 's gulag edit : it is funny though how it is not only the russians but also you germans who get insulted because of this comparison . 
  i guess it is so deeply taught to the germans that the atrocities of the nazi regime were something extraordinarily unique and the guilt of germany is something the world has never seen before . 
  nazi regime was murderous but by no means `` unique '' in the world history . 
  stalin and hitler were about equal in murdering but the chinese mao zedong beats you both . 
  deal with it . 
  they wanted the whole country . 
  operational victory ? 
  to the soviets ? 
  no independence was given to us 1917 . 
  the civil war started in 1918 after we already were independent . 
  targeting entire people on ethnic grounds . 
  then killing them , sending to labor camps , suppressing the ethnic culture etc. 
  close enough to be comparable . 
  we declared independence and lenin decided to agree and gave independence to us . 
  so the russians voluntarily let us go . 
  katyn massacre was domestic issue ? 
  invading the baltic states and transporting people to siberia where many of them died was a domestic issue ? 
  enforcing the communist puppet regimes into eastern europe which then started cleansing of disloyal people was a domestic issue ? 
  crushing hungarian peoples uprising was a domestic issue ? 
  this is an endless list ... 
  so just stealing ? 
  you said they had a right to do this ? 
  or did you just mean the right you get by brute force ? 
  it was done after and before the war also . 
  what struggle you had in ukraine to cause holodomor ? 
  which struggle enforced you to commit katyn massacre against polish intelligentsia ? 
  what struggle you had when you transported entire people to siberia after the war ? 
   by the ussr , which has a victor has the right by the laws of war explain me again by which right the soviet union stole land from poland ? 
  also stalin targeted people by ethnicity . 
  third reich and the stalinist soviet union are very similar . 
  yeah , also the winter war started when we attacked the soviet union ... 
  no because this title belongs to us at the moment and we dont want to give it away , 
   repatriation can take a while especially wihout deals but the main reason deportation back to morocco doesnt work is that these people refuse it . 
  they are not in emergency situation where their survival would depend on german benefits . 
  it is their decision to reject deportation . 
   depriving the enemy of potential information just answering `` no comments '' in interrogation would do the same . . 
   rampant racism which existed in the soviet union too . 
  stalin committed several genocides . 
  minority nationalities were suppressed after stalin too . 
  please stop lying . 
  even mccarthy usa was a paradise of civil liberties compared to the soviet union . 
   extreme suppression of socialist and anarchist movements in the west ? 
  yeah but organized human trafficking is much more severe than just welfare fraud . 
  yeah this `` silence '' may be a problem in all professional organized crime . 
  does police have enough rights to infiltrate these gangs and do phone or digital surveillance ? 
  if the immigrants refuse cooperation maybe improving cooperation between german and polish/romanian police would help to take these illegal gangs down ? 
  the locals in romania and poland must have lot 's of information whats going on ... 
  but you do n't need cooperation to arrest people and take them into court ? 
  correct . 
  non-nato countries are much more vulnerable for russia bullying them . 
  and thats the reason russia wants to stop nato expansion , not any real `` threat '' like nato attacking them . 
  russian government probably wants that we are afraid of the military conflict . 
  they know we do n't want it so if we are afraid it is easier for them to get what they want . 
  i honestly speaking am not sure whether appeasement is the correct strategy with putin regime . 
  russia seems to attack where it spots weakness . 
  just look whats happening in aleppo now because obama has been so lame with the russians . 
  but getting these people into court is difficult for what reasons ? 
  is there anything illegal in what these gangs are doing ? 
  skilled educated immigrants always get a job . 
  why to fill your country with uneducated low class people competing for poorly paid jobs ? 
  whether it is their poor language skills or that they dont care local customs , it doesn matter . 
  there are lot 's of educated better than average performing people in asia , third world countries etc. 
  if you want immigrants , scandinavian countries can choose .
