  this would stop the opportunists . 
  and of course nothing harms the legitimacy of asylum process more than massive scale abuse . 
  why doesnt eu do anything to solve this problem ? 
  this is not impossible to solve . 
  piece of cake : http://tomchao.com/eu/ger11fx.jpg, 
  but quality ? 
  ikea is cheap crap . 
  why is sweden known for `` quality furniture '' ? 
   in the most conservative parts of muslim-majority countries in the middle east you face getting your anus shut with superglue and hanged like a pig until your innards explode from accumulated feces . 
  something similar can happen in christian uganda and a couple of other places . 
   if christianity was the main religion in these places then there 'd be killing in the name of jesus too . 
  i basically agree with you here . 
  just look at the subsaharan africa . 
  it is christian but gays are oppressed and lynched in the name of jesus . 
  but ofc what happens in me countries in the name of islam is equally horrible . 
   in the eu they can be deported to the country of entry that is precisely what i meant . 
   going from one shithole to the next and then wanting out is not necessarily `` economic migration '' . 
  i really wouldnt compare turkey and syria . 
  in syria you die , in turkey you dont . 
  that 's quite a relevant difference . 
   if it makes no sense to do so . 
  this would have prevented them from leaving turkey . 
  they dont want hungary or greece . 
  this has basically been economic migration because turkey is a safe country already . 
  the living conditions in turkey are undeniably very bad for many refugees . 
  but dont much differ from the conditions in which maybe billions of poor people live in the current world . 
  but ok , more money should have been sent to turkey to improve the conditions . 
  i 'm sure germany 's excess military spending 1914-1918 and 1939-1945 will more than cover all the `` unpaid bills '' . 
  so do n't complain , trump . 
   based upon these figures , hmmm ... saudis seem to spend lot 's of their gdp into weapons instead of modernizing their society . 
  money well spent . 
   pretty much , yes . 
  you can apply for asylum in any country you wish , as long as they have that provision in their law-system . 
  but can be rejected if you have travelled through several safe countries . 
  the contract only forbids deportation to war zone , not into safe country . 
  accession talks should already have ended , juncker . 
  modern evolutionary biology works with mechanistic biochemical/materialistic explanations . 
  evolution is a blind material process and doesnt have and it does not create `` purposes '' . 
  you dont find `` purposes '' from any modern biology book . 
  `` purposes '' are remnants of premodern animistic religion . 
  modern science has destroyed them once and for all . 
  we humans individually and as a society create goals , purposes etc. 
   marriage was originally recognized and meant to incentivize people to procreate and raise children in strong households to become productive members of society . 
  if this is so then the state should : 1 ) ban divorces in most cases . 
  2 ) punish infidelity and all sexual relationship outside of marriage 3 ) maybe also criminalize all `` non-natural '' sex like oral and anal sex etc. 
  4 ) maybe ban contraception you want all this ? 
   those body parts ** were created to compliment each other ** and come together in a way to procreate . 
  again , science . 
  lol no . 
  this is theology i.e. 
  pseudoscience . 
   they would logically go to the closest country that they get accepted into . 
  they dont . 
  they want northern european welfare state with benefits . 
  if those close borders , they dont come at all . 
  this has nothing to do with anyone being brown . 
  problems that follow from mena immigration are well known and can be seen from any statistics . 
  they dont contribute to our society , thats why we dont want them, 
  of course they can and should be accepted if torture and unfair trials are waiting for them in turkey . 
  if mountain is not possible , i would find a couple of oilfields an acceptable gift also , 
   it 's time to create a european islam which put peace and tolerance into the forefront . 
  and why do you think islamists change their mind because you kindly ask them to do so ? 
  and why to speak of `` european islam '' ? 
  why not just defend secularism and enlightenment . 
  we dont really need silly old fairytales into anything , reformed or not . 
  schools should teach european enlightenment values to students , not any `` euro-islam '' . 
   crime for greed or passion is not seen as an option . 
  rather utopistic . 
  people are evil sometimes . 
  and people are greedy even when they already have enough material wealth . 
  there are always the `` professional '' guys who do n't have any kind of intention to change anything in their life . 
  too mellow punishments might just encourage them to continue on their career . 
  punishment has preemptive effect and it is hence also needed . 
   a country we fucked up so badly njaah no ... u were stopped already in stalingrad ... remember ? 
  the wealth in russia is in the hands of securocratia . 
  for the ordinary people russia is like a third world country . 
  has always been that way . 
  how much religion there really is left after hoxha ? 
  in my post there is no claim that all refugees are illiterate afghans . 
  can you read ? 
  where did i say all refugees are illiterate afghans ? 
  they dont have to come to europe to get protection . 
   by getting a regular , well paying job . 
  and care to tell how red-red-greens are going to provide these to illiterate afghans ? 
  estonia was the most advanced and west oriented part of the ussr . 
  one reason being they were able to watch finnish tv . 
  yes, 
   merkel is conservative on a number of issues . 
  indeed . 
  she is fiscal conservative when she order that ceausescu like austerity policy must be enforced on greece . 
  ( to rescue german banks ), 
   which is why we send back those that do not have a right to stay . 
  except that this is very difficult and most of the time fails . 
  and it is massively abused . 
  people that come are very well aware of the loopholes and how to take advantage of them . 
  economic migration is not human right . 
   norway was a bit more exciting . 
  how can you :(, 
   i can dislike you for whatever reasons i like , so long as i do n't discriminate against you . 
  and schools should teach students that hating other people for whatever reason they just want to is a great thing ?
