  these people also exist . 
  the way orban 's hungary treats gays is a light year away how gays are treated in muslim countries . 
  in muslim countries they are completely dehumanized and killed like animals . 
  130 000 migrants `` disappeared '' ? 
  germany , did you do it again ? 
  we are the last one in the chain of `` rich '' countries . 
  but what you said is probably what the most people here think . 
  but because we are the last one our government is lame and does n't see any drastic measures necessary , yet . 
  they probably hope you in the south solve this problem for us and they can maintain their `` honor '' . 
  the finnish government strategy is of course that of hypocrite coward . 
  these lame cowards like finland are one reason why this problem is so difficult to solve . 
  anyway i do n't find we even are that `` rich '' . 
  we have economic problems and domestic poverty too . 
  also tons of albanians , moroccons , algerians , indians , pakistanis coming before u declared ur `` willkommenskultur '' all over the world ? 
  and half of the german people took `` wir helfen '' selfies and spread them all over the internet to get maximum attention how great you are . 
  they arrive an island ? 
  stop shipping them anywhere . 
  you can be your own australia because you are rich in islands ... 
  non syrians are mostly economic migrants . 
  we dont want them . 
  if the camp makes them turn away , that is just good . 
  well , ideally the eu funded camps would exist outside of eu . 
  the best would be in a safe zone created inside syria . 
  if that is not possible then inside eu territory . 
  greece would be good because that is where migrants arrive . 
  greece has lot 's of islands to be used for this purpose . 
  but being a refugee is temporary only . 
  these people are supposed to travel back . 
  integrating refugees will create even more incentives to abuse asulym as a way of migration . 
  housing them in berlin 4 stars hotels is also an economic nightmare . 
  futile attempts to integrate these people to european culture and labour markets is also an economic nightmare . 
  there are no easy solutions . 
  but something must be done so that it guarantees the safety of refugees and at the same time stops mass scale economic migration to europe . 
  why dont i ? 
  what does germany do with all those people that have arrived ? 
  puts them into a sport hall to wait ? 
  the first thing is to guarantee safety and then school to children and work to other poeple if possible . 
  refugees can take part in taking care of the camp . 
  so it would be like a small city with all kinds of normal every day activity . 
  germany , finland , austria etc. 
  pay a lot of money at the moment to house refugees . 
  so maybe they would be willing to pay for this . 
  a camp is also a good way to get rid of economic migrants which also eat resources . 
  the refugees come to greece so greece is a natural choice for the camp . 
  closer to syria would be better if that is possible . 
  the best would be a safe zone inside syria but it would need a military intervention . 
  is a sport hall in germany somehow more `` humane '' than well managed refugee camp ? 
  wait until the war is over . 
  what else ? 
  whether they want or dont want is irrelevant . 
  eu has a duty to provide protection that guarantees their security . 
  a refugee camp will do this . 
  from the other eu countries . 
  will be much cheaper than putting migrants into 3-4 star berlin hotels . 
  there already are huge camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  so no more difficult to build than there . 
  also calling these `` concentration camps '' is just cheap populism . 
  if they are financed adequately , they would rather be like artificial temporary cities . 
  i would keep the people there until the war is over . 
  many of these people belong to opposition groups so how could we make them feel safe on assad controlled terrain ? 
  on the other hand , making a deal with assad to solve the refugee crisis would teach turkey a lesson , 
  plan as such is okay . 
  but maybe not so easy to build these camps . 
  it needs some sort of military intervention into syria to create the safe zone . 
  why would people voluntarily go to these syrian refugee camps ? 
  your solution works only if you are ready to use some sort of force at your border . 
  these people want to northern europe because of financial gain , not because of security . 
  what should we do then ? 
  just keep the borders open and let everyone come who just feels so ? 
  i expect the influx will eventually stop when they ca n't continue to the north . 
  eu needs an offshore hotspot but because offshore countries dont want to cooperate greece can do the job . 
  what really is wrong with this plan ? 
  eu must finance the costs of course . 
  that does n't prevent building a camp . 
  if eu finances the camps , you get a boost to your economy too . 
  build a refugee camp in greece . 
  put refugees into camp . 
  do n't let them travel further into europe . 
  here is your plan . 
  no one gets shot and after a while migrants stop coming . 
  unfortunately most of these people will live on welfare benefits for the rest of their life . 
  they maybe did n't plan it so but thats what happens in the real life . 
  unemployment rates are huge among migrants coming from me and north africa . 
  europe just cant provide better life for an uneducated migrant coming from completely different culture . 
  the world is completely different now than it was in the 19th century when lots of people migrated to the usa to build better life . 
  these people must find a way to build a better future in their own country . 
  i have no problem with people coming here and working . 
  but welfare benefits create wrong kinds of incentives . 
  the promise of free cash and house just seems to be so attractive to so many . 
  but welfare migration is completely destructive and negative phenomenon . 
  europe must stop it or otherwise we 'll be doomed . 
  ee countries when they joined eu never undersigned any contract giving them duty to open their borders for mass immigration from africa or me :, 
  most of them wont ever work . 
  just check the statistics what regards to refugees from africa and the middle east . 
  i guess at some point they stop coming when they notice they cant continue to north . 
  you just must make it clear that because of economic reasons it is not worth coming . 
  then they wont come . 
  they dont go to russia , saudi , iran , india etc. 
  all safe countries without danger to anyones life . 
  these people come because of financial gain but we have no duty to give it .
