  and besides ... few of the `` rich and perfectly comfortable '' western countries are not doing that well anyway ... ahem ahem spain and italy . 
  also the reason the west needs eastern europe is because without them they will never reach the size and power it needs to become a world power . 
  germany france or uk can not do it by themselves . 
  china is rising . 
  the us is flooding eu culturally , and has been for a while . 
  if you think the eu is made for staying comfortable , you need to realize the world you live in . 
  the eu will either be strong together or weak apart . 
  that 's why it can not fail . 
  this should be compared to the % of iva in each countries . 
  i think that would show some interesting facts . 
  bigger iva means less people are willing to pay ; so governments need to find a balance . 
  i wonder if they put you to pay for it ... i know that germans pay for rain water as a tax ... 
  that 's what happens all over eastern europe . 
  but germany seems to think that if they send millions for `` development '' something will actually happen . 
  this is true . 
  as an example recently there was a investigation in the national post office . 
  because on the course of a few years it turned from a profitable government owned business to a bankrupt one . 
  it turns out every single politician that was put to lead the post office made bad contracts between the post office and private companies . 
  one in particular was using and then shut down the post offices national courier abilities because he was owning , privately , a courier business of his own . 
  so yea . 
  eastern europe countries are not prepared to this . 
  also stop sending us money . 
  it just gets placed in more of the types of contracts listed above . 
  but they have no chance because americans are brainwashed thinking stuff like liberalism is bad , when in fact it chases a lot of freedoms ; socialism is the same thing as communism ; etc. 
  yea , i know it 's the biggest song contest in the world , but i do n't see it getting any popular with the new population . 
  not even with the older . 
  must be some eastern europe thing i guess ... 
  intelectual property, 
  the most important thing the us have to export is ip . 
  they will push it . 
  it 's no doubt . 
  the most important thing the us have to export is ip . 
  they will push it . 
  it 's no doubt . 
  that 's quite the story . 
  i wish i will someday travel to indochina . 
  how is the honey low quality ? 
  made in germany does n't mean made in germany  ... 
  most german corporations still use cheap chinese labor . 
  but they still put made in germany on their products . 
  source : friend working at a german corporation, 
  yes . 
  they are stealing my stuff but i 'm not a victim of thieves i 'm a victim of racist and discriminatory environment . 
  makes sense . 
  i 'm wondering if you ever had any contact with any gypsies irl . 
  so people posting videos about gypsies stealing is wrong because it contributes to the hatred against a minority ? 
  i swear racism has become a religion . 
  even if you have proof that a minority is doing something wrong everywhere you ca n't say anything because you are deemed a racist . 
  it 's the exact same thing as religion was few hundred years ago . 
  could n't say anything about god not being real because you were deemed a pagan . 
  everyone is having troubles with gypsies in eu and everyone is pointing fingers at everyone for racism . 
  because it 's not in maramures it 's in moldova ( bucovina ) ... 
  i remember a news report about people in villages in moldova working abroad and building homes in romania . 
  moldova is the poorest part of romania and that 's why people there choose to work abroad . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iite3tfe7qm classic . 
  well talk in a few years after they settle in . 
  i disagree ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carpathian_mountains, 
  well i ca n't remember the correct position of countries south of hungary bulgaria and above greece . 
  mainly because as a kid i grew up with maps having yugoslavia in the bottom left corner , and now it 's serbia . 
  and the whole yugoslavia is split in countries i do n't know . 
  and there is macedonia and some other ones on the way down to greece . 
  this is true . 
  they always have a local leader ( bulibasa ) who takes most of the money they all make . 
  after that are the family heads , then the families . 
  children are used as labourers . 
  women always walk behind ( 5-10m ) the males when they travel on the streets . 
  well you do n't understand gypsies then . 
  they do n't care about society . 
  romanians hate them because they have reasons to hate them . 
  http://romaniateiubesc.stirileprotv.ro/emisiuni/2012/sezonul-2/romania-la-fier-vechi-partea-iii-cand-nu-fura-din-trenuri-hotii-se-orienteaza-la-infrastructura-feroviara.html there is a video ( in romanian ) of them stealing iron in romania . 
  but they are doing this in other countries as well . 
  0.25 euro cents per kg of iron 10 euros per kg of copper after a quick google search so depending on how much you can get your hands on ... you can make some money . 
  recently trains taking old iron to constanta ( romania 's biggest port ) had armed guards between carriages to prevent gypsies trying to steal the iron . 
  they are also using children , because you ca n't , by law , prosecute children . 
  not as big though . 
  while i see your point please show me any other ethnic group that likes to show off to this degree that they wear huge gold pieces . 
  mostly stealing and begging either in romania or in the eu . 
  most profitable stealing was striping metal off the old communist ironworks that were shut down after ' 89 . 
  or disabled factories . 
  they stripped them leaving only the concrete skeleton and bricks . 
  nowadays there is little left . 
  recently i had some trouble with some . 
  my grandma lives alone after my grandpa died , and she contacted some gypsies to repair a roof . 
  at first they said 400 ron ( ~ 100euros ) but after time passed they kept asking for more and more saying stuff came up . 
  at the end they asked for 4000 ron . 
  my grandmas pension is 650 ron . 
  she said she did n't have 4000 to pay so they asked for the contract of the house to `` lend '' her the 4000 ron . 
  luckily we visited her and found out about the whole deal before anything happened . 
  the mercedes necklace in picture 8 made me laugh  ... 
  true . 
  these are the richer ones ... the poorer ones live worse . 
  pretty much . 
  then you have the eu who wants romania to integrate and educate gypsies . 
  but it ca n't be done . 
  they have no desire to work for something when you can obviously get richer faster by other means . 
  not houses . 
  but they tend to always try to show off ; and by showing off i mean brands everywhere . 
  mainly with clothes , cars , perfumes , etc. 
  they have a mindset that they need to be more extravagant then their neighbours thus the bling and the house that needs to be bigger then what others have . 
  unfortunately this mindset has become popular with some romanians too , particularly the poorer ones , because of the rise in popularity of manele ( gypsie pop-like genre ) .
