  i used to go to the gym a year ago , i just had to stop due to not wanting to waste money and having a lot of appointments . 
  i 'm going to start exercising regularly in the next month . 
  i 'm an oreo and i 'm not an oreo . 
  so figure that out . 
  poor doggy, 
  poor doggy, 
  this is the first time in almost three years of reddit that i had to check if the subreddit was circlejerk due to the title of the post . 
  looking forward to seeing jennifer lawrence 's books on the big screen . 
  i keep seeing people winning ps4 's with these kind of things . 
  as a non-american , what is this ? 
  jesus , she would be one of those girls that i would look and say `` yeah , no chance . '', 
  and just stare awkwardly . 
  she is/was so fucking beautiful . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't the bible tell people to stone women who are n't virgins or faithful to their husbands ? 
  do you read fiction or non-fiction ? 
  i 'd like to read something that would teach me about a subject . 
  i have 1984 by george orwells , but i think i would prefer reading non-fiction and learn something . 
  baby ooh, 
  i 'm from portugal , and there is n't a channel that it is consistent with tv shows . 
  so , what do i do ? 
  i download the tv shows and watch them . 
  breaking bad was one of those , and i 'm thinking in buying the bluray 's or dvd 's to be honest . 
  ** l o s t ** also . 
  if it was n't for piracy , i would have never watched any of this . 
  i 'm not saying i ca n't learn from fiction . 
  i 'm saying i could learn about a particular subject , like literal space or literal nature or literal brain if i read about that . 
  she 's so cute . 
  physical ( body ) appearance wo n't change the fact that there still is a big nose or a no chin on your face . 
  fat is n't the only reason people are unattractive . 
  nah , good analogy , sometimes we also have to just `` tear off and throw away '' the physical part in a person . 
  everyone has or had that cool friend that is somewhat not good looking , but a good person underneath . 
  why the fuck were you downvoted ? 
  i agree with you . 
  she got a compliment and bashed the person who complimented her with a fucking grammar correction , jesus fucking christ , reddit , get your fucking shit together . 
  i could fully understand the comment , and did n't even think about correcting it . 
  probably , maybe a bit of confidence does n't hurt , and maybe you are talking about face to face interactions , but if you see a still photo of a person it does matter . 
  you used ryan gosling as an example ? 
  the dude has a normal nose . 
  that 's because of hollywood sitcom generalization of people and how romance is viewed . 
  if i say you look nice , you look nice , i 'm not fucking lying . 
  if i 'm dating you , it 's because i want to , and because i like you , not because i play mind games . 
  this is me , and should not be taken as a generalization aswell . 
  hollywood made people believe that if a person says `` you look nice . 
  '' , it has to be taken the other way around , or if someone says `` i love you . 
  '' , it 's probably because they are lying and hiding something . 
  another example is , that i 've seen this a lot of times , the guy buys some flowers for the girl , and the girls says `` what did you do ? '' . 
  hollywood . 
  let 's see . 
  the girlfriend of a friend , looks at me when we both talk . 
  she also has touched me in my shoulders and says my name in a jokingly way . 
  she never removed her clothing suggestively in front of me , but she undressed 2 nights in a row in my room , to which she said `` leave , i want to change . '', 
  gutteral moaning , grunting , not with me . 
  2 out of 4 , that means she is 50 % in love with me . 
  i have ocd , my brain never fucking shuts down . 
  jesus fucking christ no !, 
  just . 
   generalization, 
  another twist : she was subtlety asking for op to murder her boyfriend . 
  `` a real woman is n't skinny , a real woman has curves , stupid skinny bitches . '', 
  hold your phone sideways , you maniac . 
  next week on dealership z. 
  i watched it a few weeks ago , that shit was awesome !, 
  go , listen to it !, 
  so fucking awesome , jesus fucking christ !, 
  look at all these people saying they like coldplay . 
  i 'm proud . 
  coldplay is my favourite band . 
  coldplay is my favourite band . 
  why ? 
  because i can relate to everything they do . 
  i can read the lyrics and relate if i 'm different moods , the same lyrics will have different understandings . 
  i can listen to only instrumental and i will feel that emotion . 
  it 's great . 
  in 5 years , every day , never missed a day , i always listen to coldplay . 
  yeah , when carrie said `` it worked !, 
  '' , i fist bumped the air with both fists and said `` fuck yeah !, 
  but i think this cemented forever that saul and carrie wo n't turn themselves against each other . 
  i seriously thought saul was starting to lose it and not care about carrie . 
  the fbi did it , so she would stand by the side of the people who are trying to buy her and turn the cia . 
  it 's a code between virgil and carrie that would tip off one of them in case something was wrong . 
  those are seriously creeping me the fuck out . 
  yeah , but the chin was already there . 
  \\  tfw if i had 1/10th of clooney 's chin , i would be good looking . 
  but , the real question is , is she single ? 
  nice . 
  yeah , i removed a bump in my nose through a septorhinoplasty because i needed one to breathe better , and my face did n't change much . 
  i think that with a chin implant it would be different . 
  i would literally give you gold , if i had money on my fucking paypal account . 
  too bad , my salary has n't come through yet . 
  i 'm 21 , i ca n't grow a beard , only patches of something . 
  there , are , only , two , commas , in , my , other , comment . 
  i sing coldplay all the time , i do n't get it . 
  my name is not furyasd , obviously . 
  yeah , it 's pretty bad . 
  there are 3 different companies , so i need to write something about all of them , i 'll get into it . 
  about the work experience , is this example good enough ? 
  in high school , i had to make a video presentation about something with a friend , we went home immediately after school and stayed up until 5am with 3 hours to sleep until the next day of school just to finish that sony vegas project ? 
  or is it too shitty , imature ? 
  i have almost nothing to show my passion , or nothing really . 
  thanks for the advice , i 'll draft another email .
