  girl is a redditor . 
   it took me a few days to realize she may have been asking me if i wanted to volunteer to teach her to swim or something . 
  if that was an attempt of her to get you to teach her how to swim , then , we are both fucking oblivious , because if it was me i would never even have thought about that she was trying for me to take a hint . 
  if she was , then send her a text and ask her if she wants to go swimming with you or something . 
   `` well shit ... '' . 
  everyone saw what you did there . 
  if she is polite , she will be perfectly fine with it even though she is not . 
  why ca n't they ask the question directly ? 
  `` hey , i want to be with you . 
  swim lessons ? '', 
  hey , may i ask you why did you went to college only at 24 ? 
  i did high school , went to college , knew that that course was not for me , dropped out , and i 'm on high school again to try to get better grades and go to med school . 
  oh , so we have the same problem , did not care about high school when we were there , and now , years later we are back where we started . 
  i 'm 19 in the 1st year of high school , studing science , chemistry , biology and math . 
  so with 3 more years of high school , i will be 22 when i go to college again . 
  i hope everything goes well with you and your future . 
  by the way what are you going to study / major ? 
  good luck man . 
  wtf ? 
  you must be kidding me man , seriously , 60 $ ? 
  i am not american , so i think you must be kidding me . 
  so , now , tell me the truth , how much is a small popcorn and soda ? 
  well , i did n't . 
  me too . 
  but i 've read that people can get depressed after a nose job , so fuck . 
  `` thank you for coming everybody , and we 'll see again one day , thank you , goodbye and goodnight . '', 
  fuck , i was thinking in doing some productive shit after 2012 , well , next time . 
  i wonder why my fucking country does n't do anything like this . 
  fuck portugal . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are wrong . 
  i had the gameboy color , and when the battery was almost dead , the led would change from green to red . 
   rode my bike to the event with my guitar . 
  good guy douchebag . 
  rides a bike to an event . 
  plays wonderwall . 
  directed by someone , we do n't really care about . 
  this is what i want . 
  a relationship with a girl that you can have a lot of intimacy that we can laugh about each others ' mistakes . 
  if you can find a girl that you can have this go for it . 
  atleast , that is what i want in a relationship , intimacy . 
  yeah , i wonder this aswell , i do n't shave , because meh , 2 of my friends shave and they shave everything in the body . 
  anyway , i have never shaved down there , and really do n't know what to do . 
  from a 19 year old male virgin , i say , '' [ you go girl !, 
  ] ( http://fabfunny.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/funny-celebrity-pictures-you-go-girl.jpg ) '', 
  and why the fuck , should we men , do that ? 
  was your ex a man ? 
  i have the same feeling as you . 
  i hate it when anyone in general asks me to eat my food when they say they do n't want anything . 
  round-fucking-house kick in that motherfucking face . 
  order your shit bitch !, 
  jesus , please come and rescue me !, 
  it 's the nature ? 
  bitch , it 's 2012 , we have evolved as fucking human beings , and you want equality or something and you want us to fucking take the first step ? 
  you do it , you fucking do it . 
  and why should i go after you and think that i should try to talk to you and impress you ? 
  why ca n't you think that you would like to talk to me and try to impress me ? 
  also , louis ck . 
  edit : i 'm not trying to insult anyone . 
  read everything i wrote in louis ck voice . 
  i do the light switch 4 times and have to be thinking about my parents . 
  shit , i do the doorknob thing aswell , i have a 4 time touch ritual and have to be thinking about my parents . 
  the washing hands thing , i have never done until the skin was red , but have done for about 5 minutes each time i wash my hands . 
  and with this economy , fuck that shit , paying for everything and her not even trying to offer to pay . 
  i think you got downvoted or something , but as an 19 year old male , i agree with you . 
  i have seen so fucking awkward couples , they just kiss and stare blankly at other things , do not talk , they clearly do n't have anything to talk about , kiss again , and stare blankly again , repeat this shit . 
  i prefer to have a deep conversation with a girl about something we can relate to , than just having that awkward moments where you do n't talk about anything , it 's just fucking sad . 
  i think the `` men have to pay for everything '' is now a socially must have to do thing , i think this has become a pressure thing , that if you do n't pay for everything you will be a douche . 
  i really think that at the moment , you pay because society says that you have to pay and not because you want to pay , atleast for a lot of people . 
  i 'm not talking about you . 
  freshman in highschool , had my first girlfriend , said it after 1 or 2 days . 
  the bitch broke up with me a few days after . 
  freshman in highschool was 5 years ago . 
  i am 19 now . 
  and due to this , i do n't think i will be able to tell that soon a girl that i love her , or she tells me first that she loves me , or some really long months will have to pass for me to tell her that i love her . 
  well , i did . 
  have you heard their b-sides from 1999 - 2000 ? 
  also , parachutes and a rush of blood to the head ? 
  as a musician i ca n't argue with you , because i do n't know nothing about music . 
  yet , they are my favourite band . 
  and what is the radiohead lite phase you are talking about ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://coldplaying.com/forum/showthread.php?t=90257 ) . 
  it 's most likely brian eno 's fault , a producer that a lot of fans do n't like . 
  frame rate and filters ? 
  imagine what reddit says when you say you like coldplay . 
  imagine what reddit says when you say you like coldplay . 
  well , i like everything that was made by them , all of the discography, 
  people ( reddit ) seem to hate on coldplay a lot , and i just do n't see why . 
  oh , a reddit inside joke , yey !, 
  i am on reddit too much time . 
  me too . 
  yet , my social anxiety and anxiety in general fucks me up . 
  yeah , he has been working with coldplay for quite a while . 
  a lot of people do n't like him , as far as it comes to me , it 's okey . 
  i feel you dude . 
  i am 6 ' 4 '' ( 1.93 m ) and weight 154lbs ( 70kg ) , and i think that the amount i eat of food is as much food as other people eat . 
  it is correct , but the thing is , we have to eat 4 or 5 times more . 
  we need to have a calorie intake of more than 3000 calories per day , which at the moment is fucking impossible because i can only eat 1500 calories per day , because i eat and get full very fast . 
  i am also thinking in joining a gym , just need to see prices and let 's see if i can put 40lbs ( 20kg ) into my weight . 
  also , i have discovered , that eating one or two cookies before any big meal , like lunch or dinner will make me eat a lot less , even though i ate only one or two cookies . 
  so , before any big meal , do not eat anything , and wait for it .
