  but does that camera man have inside information that may give him an unfair advantage ? 
  skins . 
  hey mom look at all my skins !, 
  can someone please explain what does this mean ? 
  is natural selection the ability of having sex without a condom just because you do n't want to and prefer to do it without one because you are so attracted to the person ? 
  because one of us , oh they are human like us . 
  do you think saying `` oh please shut up , you 're being mean '' , is a good attempt of shutting down someone like her sister ? 
  you must not have went to high school . 
  that girl , however an adult , is a child . 
  40 minutes , 3 rounds . 
  cloud9 vs denial . 
  even that does n't make any sense . 
  `` oh yeah , you 're both being attacked ? 
  i guess it 's fair then . 
  you should play a 5v5 match as 1v1 , and see who wins . 
  well , better luck next time . '', 
   the ak47 is the main reason why my hearing has been going downhill ever since my youth ( starting playing just before steam hit the market ), 
  then do something about it and do n't play the game with a high volume . 
  [ so do i !, 
  i have extreme anxiety and ocd , and i 'm being medicated for it , and i ca n't stop . 
  also , due to anxiety i clench my jaw so much that it 's fucked :d, 
  i 'm listening to this swallowed in the sea remix and it 's great . 
  i never like coldplay remixes , but this one is somewhat nice , it 's relaxing instead of fist pumping music . 
  i like it . 
  that eye roll was fucking hot . 
  that was fucking hot . 
  what about jw ? 
  the dude is an awper beast . 
  try to relog on your steam app on your desktop . 
  this is an issue on your side and unfortunately we can not help you as this is a steam restriction . 
  best regards ,, 
  csgojackpot staff, 
  guys ' bass < 3, 
  as i said in the original thread , disabling the 840 pro in the bios wo n't do anything , as after the boot it will still go it . 
  making the evo the first boot priority wo n't change anything . 
  it will still boot from the pro . 
  as i said in the original thread , disabling the 840 pro in the bios wo n't do anything , as after the boot it will still go it . 
  making the evo the first boot priority wo n't change anything . 
  it will still boot from the pro . 
  i know how to install it on a partition , but my pro is 128gb and is full and the evo is 256gb and new . 
  i did n't . 
  i shutdown the computer , plugged in the evo , installed the new os , everything went fine . 
  installed a few programs , it rebooted by itself and then went on to the pro ssd . 
  windows 7 x64 on both of them . 
  i will try to switch the ports first . 
  be right back . 
  it seems that the new windows 7 on the 850 pro does not have a bootmgr . 
  i switched the ports , and now i can definitely boot from the 850 pro , except it has no bootmgr . 
  dude , that worked !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  coldplay and tycho would be awesome . 
  i watched the whole video saying `` why the fuck is he wearing a beard and a wig ? 
  '' , and then at the end `` ok . '', 
  they did n't even know they were live . 
  yep, 
  on the first picture it says `` fourteen years old '' , i ca n't quite understand english , but i hope france is n't being edgy . 
  yeah you 're right, 
  do n't think i 've ever heard this one , and i know my coldplay . 
  thanks !, 
  have you never listened to leftrightleftrightleft ? 
  i was thinking about doing something like [ this ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/galleries/517x/8010.jpg ) but on my forearm . 
  what do you think ? 
  happy birthday to the best guitarrist in the world !, 
  beautiful . 
  `` ok will , switch them on , let 's go ! '', 
  they cut the piano part at the end , nooooooooooooooo !, 
  the end of a sky full of stars , when chris looks at everyone , right [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hfwp8t9.png ) . 
  that moment when you realize what you 've achieved and how many people are there to hear you , and how far you 've become . 
  brought a tear to my eye . 
  seemed like chris and jonny just being chris and jonny . 
  i 've seen him doing this already on live 2012 , and when they played yellow acoustic somewhere i ca n't remember . 
  just decided to save this moment and share it with you guys now . 
  no need to try and put me down , we 're all friends here . 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  a 1 bedroom is like 200 $ outside of porto . 
  are you portuguese ? 
  where do you live ? 
  yeah , just search imovirtual or olx and you 'll see that there are plenty of houses for cheap . 
  yeah , outside of porto like trofa , santo tirso , \u00c1guas santas . 
  inside porto or lisbon it will be expensive as fuck , and we all know it :d train or subway will make up for it . 
  hey friend , do n't you wan na spill those websites links for us mate ? 
  link for that ? 
  only watched the race . 
  would like to watch that . 
  i do n't like him . 
  did you just see how awkward he and rossi were next to each other ? 
  jesus christ , lorenzo , you have no friends . 
  thanks and why ? 
  jorge why ? 
  fun fact : does it look like i give a shit ? 
  jesus christ , who touched you as a child ? 
  and actually , i 've met him 2 years ago . 
  did you met him yet ? 
  you 're that famous guy that goes around the world with coldplay !, 
  now i 'm famous too because i sent you a message !, 
  if you ever come to portugal , let 's have a beer !, 
  [ current boyfriend ] ( http://images.designntrend.com/data/images/full/35037/emmy-rossum-and-boyfriend-sam-esmail.jpg ), 
  [ previous boyfriend ] ( http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2009/specials/yearend/breakups/emmy-rossum.jpg ), 
  she seems the kind of girl that will go for your intelligence and not your looks or money . 
  marc marquez : the bomb !,
