  '' , like if he was talking about a very complicated thing that we could n't comprehend , when in fact it was not . 
  i did n't say anything , because clearly , she had a acting degree from college and i did not want to say anything because she was always trying to give me tips on how to act ( which were not the best though ) , but from that point on , i noticed that she was n't listening or even had studied the scene a bit , because she was just `` overacting '' or acting like a amateur would . 
   lol . 
  i hoped you ran with that !, 
  it was my first play ever , they chose me as the lead , i had no idea what to do but to try to think on what i had read about method acting and what i 've learn from seeing the best actors acting . 
  and that 's why my character walked like jack sparrow aswell , i was watching a lot of johnny depp when i was doing that . 
   college does not maketh the actor, 
  that 's one of the reasons that i do n't know if i should go to school and study film/tv , the best actors/directors never went to school , so i do n't know until what point going to school to studying anything related to the screen or stage is a good choice . 
  and also , i 'm not even an american , my country has the shittiest film/tv industry that i 've ever seen . 
  have n't seen it , shut up !, 
  also , i have a delivery question and tone , on how to say the lines . 
  do n't know if this happens with everyone or is it just me . 
  sometimes , i 'm watching tv and i 'll read the subtitles and say the line in the way that i think the actor will say it and for some reason , sometimes i nail the line like the actor did in the movie , or something to that extent , and it 's great , it feels good . 
  yet , sometimes , i 'm reading a line , say it , sounds so fucking odd when i say it , but when an actor says it , and it got to that episode , ie : breaking bad , it sounds so good . 
  an example , yesterday i was watching breaking bad , and walter white said something . 
  i repeated it , it sounded odd when i said it , to me , but the delivery , tone , etc , was the same as is . 
  so , if sometimes the line sounds odd to me , i think i should change it , but having these examples as i described above makes me think if i should change it or not , because sometimes i nail it like the actor says it . 
  do you have these feels aswell , when a line sounds odd , but it sounds okey when another actor says it , with the same tone , accent , delivery ? 
  oh yeah , he is being directed and probably had talked to the director before about how he should say or act , and how to deliver , etc. 
  but it just sounds so odd when i say it , but it 's actually a line that could be used . 
  it 's just so confusing , that when i say a line like `` what ? '', 
  like if i was saying it in real life/normally sounds odd , but if i 'm having a real conversation with someone and i say the `` what ? '', 
  the same way i 've said the way , when i was acting , it 's completely different . 
  anyway , i 'll read about it . 
  thanks . 
  portugal . 
  shittiest shit ever . 
  no actual tv shows , only shitty soap operas , with shitty writing , and the way the actors act , it 's like they were doing a shitty comedy play , always over the top and overacted . 
  `` hey , sorry , ca n't make it today , you have to work to school ! '', 
  `` wtf did you say motherfucker i 'll fucking punch in the fucking face ! '', 
  `` hey , sorry , your worm pet died . '', 
  `` they killed my worm pet , and now they are going to kill me !, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ! '', 
  and for film , 1 movie per year , every two years . 
  the films here are actually not bad . 
  some controversy though , the tv channels are the ones that fund the films , and they are cutting funds now and saying they are n't going to fund like they were funding before , so probably 1 year every 10 years now . 
  but , you 're not american either ? 
  where do you want to study ? 
  yeah , the play i did was full of those , like 1500 's way of talking and very formal ways of talking . 
  are you working now ? 
  if yes , where ? 
  well , if you want to tell , and not expose to the entire reddit , pm . 
  if we build our base with full body routines , like ss or sl , why do i keep hearing from the pt 's on the gym , `` that 's not a good workout , you do n't have enough exercises '' or `` you should add exercises to your workout , that 's not enough '' , and they all want me to do 3x12 routines . 
  why do so many people on the gym think a full body compound workout routine is shit ? 
  i went to try a new gym today , i told the owner there if i could do sl 5x5 , but in other words , i told him , i have my own workout routine , which consists on 5 sets of 5 reps each , and told him what exercises i would do . 
  he just said no , `` 5x5 is a hypertrophy routine , you should do a 3x12 routine . 
  '' , i just went along with that shit to be polite and not say `` fuck you , i 'm going to the gym to follow my plan , not some shitty plan you pt 's want . '', 
  i went to this gym to see if they had a squat rack , since my currently does n't . 
  and they do n't have squat rack aswell , they will have a power rack i think in december or something like that . 
  so , my workout today was a bodybuilding routine i really do n't care about because i do n't have the right weight to start a bodybuilding routine , 3x12 leg press , 3x12 bicep , 3x12 wtv . 
  i actually said that this 5x5 plan was given to me by my handball coach when i was playing , the owner of the gym just said that my coach knows nothing about lifting and that i should n't do his workout . 
  in the end of the workout , i asked if i come to the gym if i could do sl 5x5 , he said that i should n't , because i should do a 3x12 routine first , then a piramid routine . 
  when i said i was adding 15lbs a week on my workout with sl 5x5 , he just shut up and said nothing . 
  fucking pt 's think they know their shit , fuck them . 
  so , if we build our base with full body routines , like ss or sl , why do i keep hearing from the pt 's on the gym , `` that 's not a good workout , you do n't have enough exercises '' or `` you should add exercises to your workout , that 's not enough '' , and they all want me to do 3x12 routines . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  my gym has no squat rack , and no other gym in the city has one aswell . 
  i want to know if i can see any progress while doing sl 5x5 , and what should i do to replace back squats , since i 'm starting to not being able to clean and press the weight above my head and to my back , and still work my legs , or what should i do to have progress ? 
  they do n't train me for an hour , they just go around the gym , i have no pt , it 's more of a trainer that is in the gym . 
  how do i really do need more exercises ? 
  i 'm having good progress with bench press , everyday i had the 2.5 lbs and do it , i 'm not stalling or nothing . 
  and i do n't have weight to lose , i have weight to gain . 
  also , the stupidity when they tell me to go to the row machine or the treadamill . 
  i mock internally my cousin when he says he does n't want to get extremely ripped . 
  `` oh , no , i do n't want to get extremely ripped , when i get to a certain stage , i will talk to the pt and say `` i just want to maintain now '' '' . 
  yes . 
  if i was autistic like that i would be in hollywood . 
  that 's fucking awesome !, 
  the name i got to this type of theatre is revue theatre . 
  the name i got to this type of theatre is revue theatre . 
  6 ' 4 '' 180lbs, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  now who 's skinny ? 
  yeah , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and my goal weight is probably 190lbs / 200lbs , i 'm only 165lbs . 
  i 'm drinking about 2 liters of whole milk per day . 
  edit : also , i 've started a couple of weeks ago , and my right arm is bigger , not much , but i noticed it is , and my weight is still the same . 
  commenting on this comment , so when i get a girlfriend , probably in 10 years , i 'll buy chocolate for her everyday . 
  went to the doctor today because i had a fever , #yolo, 
  i did measurements on my 2nd week going to the gym and my right arm is bigger than my left arm 1 cm . 
  i 've noticed that it has more muscle , but yeah , i got you . 
  diet and routine ? 
  i thought this only happened to me . 
  my nigga !, 
  and to add to that , in those 4 billion girls , the one girl i really want , probably does n't want to date me . 
  or maybe she does , and i just do n't going to know it because i 'm a pussy and wo n't go talk to her . 
  and now that i 've read that , i think , i 've been sad for a very long time , if i get happy , i will be sad again for the rest of my life ? 
  fuck that . 
  fucking shit man , we are similiar body type wise , but my thighs are no near that , because my gym has no squat rack , so i had to stop squatting at 100lbs . 
  my calorie intake is almost the same as yours aswell , i 'm on 3000 calories with 2 liters of whole milk per day , 1280 calories just from that , and the rest from food , pasta , rice , chicken , steak , tuna , bananas , yogurts , etc. 
  are you doing any accessorie exercises ? 
  and what are your numbers ? 
  bench press/squat/deadlift / ohp . 
  i concur while doing upright rows . 
  `` look at that veins , sister ! '', 
  that guy got mad because he probably spends a lot of hours in the gym working out and probably weights 220lbs at 5 ' 5 '' as in a powerlifter type . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' . 
  well , do not be embarassed about what you do . 
  i really mean it . 
  embarassement is not wanting to work . 
  waitresses are sexy .
