  no , i do n't have a ps3 . 
  thanks . 
  not portugal . 
  are you from uk ? 
  but the newegg gift certificate only ships to usa . 
  ** fuck man , so many pictures , thanks for the work . 
  i want some marshmallows aswell , portugal does n't have these . 
  omfg , so many type of oreos , portugal has like 3 types , normal , dark chocolate and white chocolate . 
  what 's best ? 
  froot loops or lucky charms ? 
  i want brownies aswell . 
  ** i want to live in usa and become obese **, 
  what are those in photo 43 ? 
  never tasted hershey 's or reeses are they good ? 
  chocolate raisins omg . 
  i 'm sorry that i look like a retard , but i am so amazed of the big differences that is this small country to yours . 
  i do n't have a kinder egg since i was like 10 or something , and how come they are banned ? 
  what happened ? 
  what are slim jims ? 
  and i 've never tried beef jerky aswell . 
  thanks , i have forgotten the name of that subreddit . 
  i 'm okey with 50 $ and 75 $ , do n't worry about that . 
  i will message you my city and country . 
  no , i do n't remember the other thing . 
  but i would also like a marshmallows bag . 
  can you give me a price list of everything to see how much are you going to pay plus shipping cost ? 
  thanks . 
  okey , i will let you know . 
  let me know if you can do this , i might deal with you . 
  oh that 's just bad . 
  my sister wants to do smores as she saw it on the internet aswell , so if you could get me all the things necessary to do them i will be very appreciated . 
  speaking of donuts , i do n't know if they are still made or not , they stopped selling here , there were some donuts without the hole , that were filled with chocolate cream , like [ these ] ( http://www.quarrygirl.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/mighty-o-filled-570x378.jpg ) , they were a portuguese brand tho , but they stopped doing them , and i never saw anything like that again , they were very good . 
  i 've also seen someone talking here on reddit about cocoa puffs ? 
  chocolate cereal ? 
  are they good ? 
  if you can do this , let me know and i 'll deal with you . 
  thanks for all the work . 
  the thing is that i would bought a fucking entire store of these things and i do n't know the main `` must haves '' , since everything is so good , or atleast it seems so good . 
  thanks . 
  you contributed nothing . 
  thank you for the fantasy story . 
  i will want everything that you know that is old-school , like the pop parts , get me the old school ones . 
  and i 'm very afraid of the customs , can you ship it as a gift ? 
  otherwise i will have to pay the amount you paid for the candies , and i do n't have the money at the moment nor any near in the future . 
  anyway , that is a dream and i want to swim on that shelves and eat everything . 
  i was really hoping to taste some dr pepper and mountain dew but if you think that it wo n't go through the customs or that they might explode in the way here just forget about it , more space for food . 
  i 'm sad because i have never tried hot pockets nor pizza with cookies . 
  i think i might buy a ticket there and just get obese right there instead of overseas . 
  once again , thank you for all the effort . 
  is that good ? 
  it seems a bit expensive . 
  anyway , shipping costs are very high i think . 
  and, 
   looks like you fill out a form and pay da man . 
  pay who ? 
  i do n't want to pay anyone . 
  i am alone , and i 'm still depressed and with low self-esteem . 
  maybe this is really because i am alone , but if i am alone i get depressed and if i get depressed i do n't want to go outside and i do n't want to speak to anyone , so if i do n't speak to anyone , i do n't get to know anyone , therefore i am alone , depressed and with low self-esteem , what a paradox . 
  so if by logic i may be an asshole , that is another thing to be depressed about . 
  yes , i 'm 19 . 
  i do n't share interests with anyone i know . 
  all the people i know like to spend theire money drinking and getting drunk and go to bars . 
  i 'm more of staying home watching tv shows or films , if i get out , go to the movies , or if i get out with friends ( which at the moment is almost never ) i prefer to have a nice talk than to go to a club to hear loud music and to be just by myself even if i 'm with friends . 
  this may seem a bit selfish that i do n't hang out with people just because they do n't share the same interests as me , but they do the same . 
  sometimes i think i do n't need anyone and that i will be fine all by myself , alone , but the truth is that everyone needs a person , a friend that can count on and talk to . 
   good luck, 
  thank you . 
  yup , let 's be reddit friends . 
  thank you . 
  what is worse than the holocaust ? 
  the gas bill . 
  let me know when you can do this , and let 's do it as soon as possible . 
  bacon !, 
  yes , thank you for this . 
  i 'm about to move to college , and i really do n't care about my `` so called `` friends '' '' as you said , and i 'm thinking in exercising for a long time , i 'm thinking in going to the gym and maybe some swimming , since there is no other thing to do , except gym or swimming . 
  as i need to gain 50lbs since i 'm tall and very thin , the exercise will do wonders . 
  also , thanks for the book suggestion , i really appreciated . 
  thanks . 
  mine is smooth and soft , call me , f\u00fcnf f\u00fcnf f\u00fcnf sechs f\u00fcnf vier drei f\u00fcnf vier vier . 
  [ ] ( / poker `` yup '' ), 
  nope , chuck testa !, 
  you should try [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tipofmytongue/ ) . 
  ( oh google translate u so funny ), 
  can someone explain to me who this guy is and why does his hair evolves ? 
  i think i should pay you anything , just take the gift certificate . 
  master , i bow before you . 
  omg !, 
  you should have worried if it was `` annoying vagina '' . 
  i fear that shit . 
  spiderman . 
  message me the games you have please . 
  they cut a little piece of tape , and then they are going to cut me !, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !, 
  do n't know . 
  are they us games ? 
  my 3ds is us . 
  check your messages . 
  [ brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , eeeeeeeehhhaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lspf68dx3te ), 
  the story of my life .
