  really . 
  thanks . 
  shit , man , thank you very much for the fucking laughs . 
  in the past couple of days , all this shit is happening to me , and i 've just been fucking sad . 
  reading this comic really made my fucking night , really . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  i just started to laugh so hard , i had to rest my head on my keyboard . 
  thank you very much . 
  i hope good things happen to you . 
  really . 
  thanks . 
  6 ' 4 '' , 171lbs . 
  bench press - 135lbs, 
  deadlift - 187lbs with shitty form , back all arched and shit, 
  sumo deadlift - 145lbs good form , no back pain , using legs as fuck that they start shaking, 
  squat - no rack on my gym, 
  barbell row - 135lbs , but will probably deload due to bad form . 
  i think sending a text out of the blue will make me seem creepy . 
  and since my anxiety is always 100 % , my brain will make sure that if i text her , she will tell all her friends , and all her friends will mock me . 
  i feel particularly brave when i 'm drunk , but no , i probably wo n't do it . 
  i do n't know what are her feelings right now , in the beggining of school , i would probably tell you , that she was somewhat in to me , or maybe not , but whatever , always trying to make conversation with me , if i miss a class , she would ask why i missed it , when i was new in the class , she would sit next to me , she would give me that `` i 'm really glad you are here '' eyes and smile that would make me warm inside , sometimes i caught her looking , and she would look away right after getting caught , and when she was talking to the class , she would just look at me and smile , and only focus on me , but , i 've aspied out on not knowing how to answer or carry a conversation sometimes when i was not in the mood for it , and i think she lost all the interest because she went from talking to me , to not even looking at me now , despite all her friends talking to me and such . 
  also , i 've commented something on her facebook a month ago , and she did n't reply , so i guess , i wo n't probably do anything about it , and just try to forget , despite once again , that she is the first girl i would really like to date , because she was the first one that would be able to carry a conversation about certain topics that i really like with me . 
  edit : ** jesus , sorry for the wall of text . 
  and thanks for the advice . 
  but i ca n't dl the normal way , and i 'm eating , i 've started not 2 months ago , and i 've started to put on weight now . 
  i 'm doing sl though . 
  it 's not about the weight , it 's about good form . 
  my back arches like fuck , i do n't have good form with normal dl , with sumo dl i do have good form . 
  i do n't think so , no . 
  with the sumo stance , my back gets curved in a natural way , like if i was squatting , with the normal dl , my back arches a lot , that when i lift the weight , i 'm lifting with my back and not with my legs . 
  i was a bit awkward sometimes aswell , one time i was with her and another colleague going to do something at school , and she told me that she did n't have a boyfriend , i simply said `` okey '' . 
  other times , in the morning she would try to talk to me , i would just say `` what ? '', 
  5 times to 5 of her questions , because i was listening to music and would just say `` okey '' . 
  not because i was not interested , but i wanted to give the `` i do n't want you to think i 'm interested in you , so you do n't lose interest in me '' thing , it did n't work . 
  she seemed a good person , so i do n't think that would happen , me being mocked , but you never know , and my brain is always 100 % sure that i will be mocked . 
  with each day that passes , i want to really text her and ask her out , but the fear of doing it is probably bigger . 
  thanks for the advice though . 
  thanks . 
  wait , i just re-read the question , are you saying only the bar at 1 plate ? 
  yes , i think i would be able to do it . 
  so , if i could do it , is it a weight problem and not form problem ? 
  anyway , thanks , i will watch the video . 
  okey man , thanks , appreciated , will try next deadlift day to deload and work on form . 
  thanks . 
  we are deep in the game, 
  full circle, 
  it 's called blood spatter pattern analyst . 
  so a upper/lower body routine is best for a 4 day split ? 
  i ca n't train on sundays because my gym is closed . 
  i 'm 20 , i 'm male , and i had a voice inside my head saying `` it 's so cute , it 's so cute , it 's so cute , it 's so cute , it 's so cute ! '', 
  and it is so cute . 
  why the fuck did earth , wind & fire - september , remembered me of a slow motion scene in a wes anderson movie ? 
  i hope op tells us what she said , i 'm sure that op will deliver , so that we can mock that guy for not having any skill whatsoever . 
  shit , i 'm sorry for your friend . 
  we all feel what he feels . 
  talking about clint . 
  can someone explain to me what is this thing that everyone is talking about , about clint and a chair ? 
  i was away when that happened . 
  so , was this it ? 
  it 's a mock conversation , what 's so important about this ? 
  i 'm kinda starting to like to deadlift aswell , and i would like to deadlift 2 days a week , or 3 days a week , but does n't deadlifting tire your cns a lot ? 
  i feel like i have no blood on my head . 
  okey . 
  i laughed when i saw the end . 
  i only breathe through one nostril , do n't know why . 
  i went to do some x-rays , x-rays said i have no problem . 
  i still continue to breathe through one nostril . 
  wtf ? 
  i upvoted everyone . 
  i 'm portuguese , and also , yeah , people are protesting as fuck . 
  in 2025 , a riot creates ... 
  love, 
  i , too , want to be dr. gregory house . 
  shit , i had completely forgot about house . 
  it 's one of my favourite tv shows . 
  now i 'll have to watch every single blooper reel that exists from house . 
  if i was in his situation , i would probably be oblivious as fuck . 
  yeah , that 's why i think i should have asked that girl out . 
  she was the only one i could have a serious conversation and laugh at something aswell . 
  i 'm so fucking sad . 
  aziz , how good does rashida jones smell ? 
  also , today is parks and recreation premiere , good luck , and i 'll be watching . 
  thanks for the motivation man . 
  i wonder , because i 'm out of school , and it 's hard to meet people once you are out of school . 
  ask me anything about a film or a tv show . 
  i will tell you how many awards it has won , who are the actors that played the parts , the director who directed the film or the tv show and the year of release . 
  can we get beer aswell ? 
  or we just do n't have that kind of money ? 
  actually , we 're really looking for non-political people . 
  people who know nothing about politics . 
  no oscar nomination for ryan gosling . 
  really ? 
  `` you crazy bitch , no you did n't , i 'm here to teach your sorry fucking ass . '', 
  bored as in staying at home watching a film and eating a pizza ? 
  because if someone tells me that is bored because of that , i 'll just motherfucking shoot them in the face . 
  shit , the only girl i could do this is the only girl i actually want to date , and actually fear about asking her out . 
  i love deep , long and detailed conversations , and i ca n't have them with anyone but with that girl , or a friend if we are awake at 4am . 
  * pleasure *, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , we should go to dinner . 
  really ?
