  we are thinking of spending maybe $ 400 , that 's only 40 coins , not that much . 
  i got nothing . 
  thanks for the encouragement . 
  i try to be as cold and calm as i can be , since money is hard to find , but i think that this jump from 8 $ to 14 $ is kinda `` shady '' , i hope it bursts for a bit , me and my friend are planning on investing in the end of this month and in the end of the year , we hope we get good prices , if not , well that 's it . 
  i think i 'm going to mine aswell for a bit until the difficulty gets too hard for my 7950 . 
  yeah , this is exciting , and i need to be less anxious , because i do not have control over anything that 's going on , if the prices go up or down , i 'll just have check every day and hope for the best . 
  thanks . 
  every day that passes is another day that i miss a seat on the train . 
  fuck this shit not having money . 
  i do have money , i do n't have money to invest , i have other shit to take care of first in my life , like food , rent , electricity/water/gas . 
  what 's the increase rate nowadays ? 
  i 'm mining with a single 7950 and want to know when it 's gon na be absolete . 
  i was thinking in mining some feathercoins , but it seems it 's not worth it . 
  i do n't see people mining/investing in feathercoin , i just wanted to know if there 's a reason for it . 
  i saw feathercoin at that website , but i do n't know how to read it properly , it had a 45 % increase , but other than that , it seems that 1ftc is really cheap . 
  i was thinking in mining atleast 1000 , but now i do n't know , it wo n't probably be worth it . 
  yeah , that what i was comparing to ltc . 
  i was thinking in mining feathercoin , but i 'm doubting now if it 's going to raise its price in the future . 
  we can also compare btc and ltc to visa and mastercard , some people prefer one or the other , they are used to use visa or mastercard , they prefer the logo , their bank only uses visa , their favourite shop only uses mastercard , etc. 
  atleast , this sounds logic to me . 
  thanks for the information . 
  so , if i want to invest , what should i do ? 
  wait for a dump so i can buy low ? 
  or just go for it ? 
  i was one of the people that helped increase this sub as i started to come here this week when ltc was at $ 8 , now it 's almost at $ 25 , i lost my investment window , as i 'm waiting for a friend to join me to invest , that 's why i saw this sudden spike a bit crazy . 
  now i can only buy less than half of the coins i would be able to buy if i had bought a week ago . 
  is n't zerocoin just an add-on to bitcoin ? 
  why does it need to be mined ? 
  serious question . 
  we will be able to buy zerocoins aswell ? 
  thanks . 
  i do n't know just about cryptocurrency at the moment . 
  will zerocoin be sha or scrypt ? 
  i make a lot more profit mining ltc if it keeps rising . 
  but if ftc were to rise i would have a few coins mined and would be able to sell them for a profit . 
  now it 's probably ltc that 's a better choice to to mine . 
  my exact thoughts . 
  how the fuck in a week ltc goes from $ 4 to $ 30 . 
  i know that a lot of people want this to rise like btc , but it seems phishy as fuck . 
  and now i 'm not so sure if i should invest now , or just wait until a sudden drop . 
  this shit was like a raise of almost 1000 % . 
  you should have caught the cookies before the house caught on fire . 
  first time a reddit comment makes my eyes wet . 
  sorry and thank you . 
  the only thing i learned was to have an investment fund accout where you keep some money in case you want to invest . 
  and that if you invest early , the less you need to invest and the more profit you will have . 
  what happened to me was that when ltc was 4 $ i did n't have money , and when it as 8 $ i did n't have money and now that 's 40 $ , i still do n't have money to invest . 
  thanks , i 'll take a look . 
  got any before and after pictures ? 
  got any before and after pictures ? 
  not sure if cheap or overpriced . 
  i do n't even understand how can people not pay attention when watching a movie or tv and distract themselves and then asking what happened . 
  wtf ? 
  correct , the only good part of the movie is when they sing afternoon delight . 
  thanks for doing your job and not getting all the benefits you should be getting . 
  it 's sad . 
  but i 'm thanking you because i flew for the first time last friday and it went well . 
  answers . 
  pm me so i know you are legit . 
  `` just let me feel your chicken . '', 
  you saying that rowan atkinson does n't sleep with a teddy bear at his side and at new year 's he does n't get stuck with a turkey in his head ? 
  noooooooooooo ^ ooooooooooooo ^ oooooooooo ^ ooooooooooo ^ oooooo ^ ooooooo ^ oooooo ^ oooooo ^ ooooooo ^ ooooo ^ ooooo ^ ooooo, 
  just wanted to say you are awesome . 
  i do not worry about money , if i find one of those girls i can live homeless , i just want love . 
  love man , it 's great . 
  you made me laugh so hard , i spit my cheetos and my mountain dew into my monitor , i had to wipe my fingers on my neckbeard . 
  my fedora was tipped to you , my good sir . 
  i will find love elsewhere, 
  did the baby died ? 
  i have n't watched the walking dead in weeks . 
  thanks . 
  we 'll the camera . 
  my friends wants to buy is a toshiba sx900 , but from what i 've seen in youtube , the image is n't that good , and i think i could probably a better image with my s3 , but what do i know ? 
  i just want to make movies . 
  i just do n't want my friend to also waste money that 's not that much in a camera that compared to ours s3 is the same or worse . 
  sound is a thing that bothered me aswell , because neither of our equipment is good for sound i think , neither the camcorder nor our s3 's , but oh well , we still have shit to write , my friend has an idea for a story , but i think it 's clich\u00e9 , a guy robs a girl for drug money and twist , it 's his girlfriend . 
  but yeah , i really do n't care that much , i just want to see if i can do what i invision . 
  thanks . 
  we now still have to find some ideas that can be shot during the day , because all the shit we have is either dark as fuck , or i want to shoot malick style like beautiful shit with the sun like in the tree of life or to the wonder . 
  i aim high as fuck , i 'm going to be disappointed . 
  can you link me some films that have been made with cellphones ? 
  people say i have a nice and deep voice . 
  i like to impersonate those guys that voice over trailers , maybe i should look into it instead of trying to be an actor with my face . 
  hey babe want a pancake ? 
  it has a nice sauce . 
  that 's the guy who played nicki lauda right ? 
  if yes , then fuck yeah , that dude deserves an oscar nomination . 
  i really enjoyed his performance and despite not liking formula one that much from what i took from his portrayal , nicki laura was awesome . 
  i watched never let me go , everyone of the three main actors were awesome , but that scene where carrey mulligan cries sold it for me . 
  i did not understand primer . 
  damn , that movie was crazy . 
  you worked on gravity ? 
  oh my gooooooooooooooooood !, 
  hello everybody, 
  that fat michael scott made me laugh so much . 
  yeah , because tom hanks is n't a nice dude in real life . 
  it 's just an act aswell . 
  ever since i wanted a dog , i started to become like a teenage girl at a justin bieber concert . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , but every time i see a dog , i just let a `` aaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwww '' , i do n't even know where it comes from . 
  doge so meatball,
