  time left ? 
  there was a minute left in the game . 
  plenty of time for atleast 2 or 3 more attacks . 
  it 's a good goal , but not that impressive if you 've been playing the game . 
  and it 's easy to spin the ball like he did it when you use resin , which every professional player uses . 
  i told my girlfriend a few days ago that when she used just smiles to reply to something i said , i thought she was uninterested in me , she said `` oh no , that 's totally wrong , i was totally interested in you , if i did n't want to continue the conversation i would stop replying to you , the smile was a way to keep our conversation going . '', 
  i was like `` wat '', 
  i deposited 38k , 3 days ago . 
  nothing yet , i think it was because my wallet was an older version . 
  i sent 38k in the 18th , still has n't showed anywhere . 
  0/3 confirmations . 
  sent with the old wallet , i did n't know it was bugged , i think i lost 38k . 
  who the fuck is wolong ? 
  i only copied the wallet.dat into another folder after doing the 38k transation . 
  i never backed up my wallet.dat before the transation . 
  no , it never showed up on their website . 
  it shows on my wallet of course , but never on their website . 
  i 've been waiting since the 18th . 
  it has 0/3 confirmation on my wallet . 
  they replied to a ticket one hour ago saying that the balance should now be in my account , it is n't . 
  i 'm sad . 
  i saw the fix from them , it is n't working . 
  may i ask you how much money have you made in these 4 years ? 
  how much money have you made in these 4 years ? 
  serious question , do people really think that $ 1 = 1 doge , one day ? 
  300 gpu 's with a 500 $ / month expenses ? 
  is n't that a bit cheap for 300 gpu 's ? 
  well , $ 250k investment to mine doge is a bit much , considered it was/is a meme coin , and from my calculations , at the price of doge it would give around $ 800k/year , half of that if it was ltc . 
  no harm , just asking . 
  well , the explanation given to me as why i should put my btc in cex.io was that `` would you rather have 1 btc in your wallet , or grow that btc into 2 or 3 or 4 or more ? 
  '' , the price at the moment is the same but if i grow my btc into more , and then the price rises , it will probably generate some profit . 
  but yeah , i was kinda under the impression that it does n't make any profit . 
  oh , i did n't know . 
  oh okey , well then it 's not a new idea . 
  i read yesterday that moolah is going to have a usd/doge exchange . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  so i 'm safe in the long run ? 
  thanks , this coin is fun , and the community is fun , it 's ver different from all the other coins , i think they take themselves a bit to seriously and this community just wants to tip , have fun and go to the moon . 
  i need to seriously read about tips because i do n't know if i need to have coins on reddit or not . 
  thanks again . 
  i thought that if the halving makes the price higher it would just me somewhat similar . 
  i 'd like to use those amazon ami , but i never looked into it that much , and most people say it 's not worth it anymore . 
  that 's nice . 
  i would like to get into that . 
  well , at the moment i 'm only with a gpu , getting probably between 1000 and 1500 doge per day , i ca n't mine at full intensity because this is my only computer , otherwise i would get 5000 doge a day , which is not much , but oh well , only one gpu . 
  what i want is to build a mining rig and add more gpu 's to the one i have already , i 'm going to start with one more for now and add it to my 7950 , and when that 's established , buy another , so i 'm going to do this gradually , so maybe just buy a 1000w / 1200w psu now , i was thinking in xfx again or seasonic . 
  i 'm not from the us so i ca n't order from add2psu . 
  well , even if it 's not a good investment for doge , it could be profitable if i were to mine in a multipool , like multipool or middlecoin , right ? 
  that 's my game plan . 
  even if i do n't mine a coin from the beggining and get a lot of profit , if i mine on a multipool , i can still make money . 
  i do n't know what xen is , but i 'll check it out , thanks . 
  to be honest i would n't really care if i were to makeout with a fat jennifer lawrence or a skinny jennifer lawrence . 
  hey , it 's still jennifer lawrence . 
  that shit is beautiful , those usb risers , jesus fucking christ , i know what i 'm going to waste money on when i buy one or two more gpu 's . 
  also , is evga a good brand for psu 's ? 
  i need to change my xfx 550w for a new one if i am to buy more gpu 's . 
  but with the halving , if the price rises would n't it just be as profitable as now ? 
  i was actually thinking in buying one or two 280x and a new psu . 
  and even i 'd doge does n't reach the moon , maybe another new coin will , or maybe multipool 's might give me some money . 
  asic 's do n't seem to be a problem that much . 
  how much is one cup in grams ? 
  i 'm european , so i do n't know how much is a cup when translating it to grams . 
  also , nice fucking thing you cooked there , just fucking awesome and you can see that it is awesome as i have no other adjectives to describe what you did . 
  this is what i told my girlfriend . 
  she is fucking hot , beautiful , pretty , all those things . 
  but today , i told her , the best compliment i can give her is when i call her cute . 
  why cute ? 
  because i do n't find that many girls cute . 
  some are hot , some are pretty , some are beautiful , but when i mean cute , cute is the epitome of attractiveness and it means what you just said . 
  i want to cuddle on the couch , watching a movie and eating some pizza and then make love to you . 
  i also never understood why people say `` oh doge is n't going to be profitable anymore if you mine '' , well , if halving makes the price go up due to less supply , of course it will stay profitable . 
  yeah , i modified it , and it still does n't work . 
  no , it was a bad fork , 38k lost . 
  i was single for about 6 years , since i was 16 , just until a month ago , and a few days ago , i cried while talking to my girlfriend saying that i do n't want to be alone anymore , when i hung out with my friends who are a couple and then i had to leave and come home , on the ride home i had all these lonely feelings where i imagine what would be like not to be alone . 
  and despite me being so fucking happy alone , i still had this little hole that my girlfriend came to fill . 
  and i never knew this shit hit me so hard , until a few days ago that i started crying in front of her because i felt so lonely at times . 
  and then she told me she is never going to leave me . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  that 's why i added, 
   let 's see what happens . 
  because if she leaves me , i can go back to my old habits , which i remember what they are , netflix is my second lover . 
  oh , yes i do . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i added, 
   let 's see what happens . 
  because if she leaves me , i can go back to my old habits , which i remember what they are , netflix is my second lover . 
  chat with me my friend . 
  well , i get that loneliness feeling , but i 'm also an introvert , so spending a couple of hours with my friends is more than enough . 
  so this looks like a paradox . 
  i feel lonely after i hang out with my friends , but i still do n't want to hang out with them more than a couple of hours or i 'm going to feel bored . 
  that 's right , because men do n't have feelings and they ca n't share them with the person they love . 
  that 's right . 
  hey man , thanks for the advice . 
  i 'm 21 now , i had my first kiss at 13 , and my `` first girlfriend '' , which lasted for a week at 16 . 
  from 16 to 21 , a month shy of 22 , i learned a lot by being alone . 
  i should be happy with myself and by my self first , and it 's being a bit difficult to have a person that needs and wants my attention . 
  from 16 to now , i was by my self , all the time , so i got used to being alone and spending only with me . 
  from unreal tournament 99 , to world of warcraft , to now making money online and watching netflix , film and tv are a big part of my life , and that 's the career i would want to pursue , being a filmmaker , all those things were a part of me , and i never had to share them with anyone else , or tell them what i was doing , so i have been a bit rough with my girlfriend now , because i want time for myself and my things , otherwise i would go insane if i do n't have my reddit/film/tv time . 
  and , that girlfriend that i had for a week when i was 16 , made me realise what you said , i should never dive head first into a relationship , when i have nothing going on for me , and i should never change my personality just to please the other person . 
  and it was really hard for me to say `` i love you '' to my girlfriend now , because i was afraid to love .
