  and i have ocd , so these intrusive thoughts are fucking worse , and harder to clear from your mind than a normal person . 
  well , i 've bought a clockwork orange and harry potter to start reading , so something along these types . 
  i was going to buy a game of thrones , dune and the hunger games , and some other that i do n't remember , but the top 10 of reddit 200 top recommendations seem cool , i do n't know , any book is cool to me . 
  thanks , let me know . 
  new zealand . 
  i 'm from portugal . 
  yesterday , i was pooping and a crocodile bit my ass , i became crocodile dundee , then i went to wash my hands and a spider bit me , i became spider man . 
  i do n't know any but ender 's game which i saw on reddit 's recommendations . 
  a serie that i will probably read is a game of thrones and the hunger games because they are on tv/film now , the rest i can take what 's best , i can read anything really , i just want to start . 
  uh , hitler , that interests me . 
  my dad gave me ss general which is about world war ii aswell and is based on the adventures of a group of penal battalion soldiers of the world war ii wehrmacht in the battle of stalingrad . 
  the book describes their escape from the stalingrad siege under the leadership of a fanatical brigadef\u00fchrer ( brigadier general ) of the waffen-ss . 
  like all sven hassel 's books it contains graphic descriptions of war 's brutality , as well as elements of military humor . 
  also stephen king , i think that guy is a good writer , that interests me aswell . 
  thanks . 
   i 'm sorry , i do n't have hunger games or game of thrones, 
  i was thinking in buying them , they are cheap on ebay , do n't worry and thanks . 
  cirque du dreak and the demonta series sound good man , do n't worry about what it is , just let me know how much time i can be with them , so i can have time to read them and return them to you , safe and sound . 
  thanks . 
  in my toilet of course , in australia we have crocodiles swimming in our apartment pipes . 
  messaged you , thanks . 
  yeah , that would be great . 
  thanks . 
  really ? 
  let me know what you have , and i 'll let you know . 
  oh , that is the problem i have , i want to start reading and have nothing to trade , that 's why i was offering the gift certificate to usa people . 
  but we 'll see what we can arrange . 
  thanks . 
  ah , that 's cool , did n't know that . 
  i 'm searching but ca n't find anything . 
  thanks . 
  even with that , they all can still be more good looking than me . 
  my nose and chin could be replaced for any one of them . 
  probably , reddit does n't like people who are self-conscious , or that share that self-consicousness . 
  oh , so that 's why i 'm alone !, 
  i 'm like you , i have no problem being honest about how i feel . 
  maybe that 's creepy to most of the girls , but well , or maybe i 'm just not good looking . 
  but i 'm 6 ' 4 '' !, 
  the notebook . 
  i do n't want to say you suck , because everyone has its own preferences , but you suck man . 
  the notebook is fucking amazing . 
  yo fatty . 
  i 'm making fun of you . 
  but do n't worry , i get told that i 'm fucking tall and skinny all the time , so do n't worry about it . 
  also , i 'm trying to do something about it , you should do it aswell , if you do n't feel comfortable with yourself , but if you feel comfortable with yourself , fuck what the others say , fuck them . 
  you rock bro . 
  it is very insightful , but this is about people thinking they could get better for themselves . 
  what about the people that will settle just because they are so alone , that the first person that likes them will be the one to be for the rest of your life ? 
  i ca n't do this , i really ca n't . 
  i can be at home browsing reddit for 12h nonstop , but when i had an internship as somekind of it , in the 12th grade because i was studying something along computers and other shit , the 9am to 7pm work hours were so fucking boring , i think i would shot myself in the head if that happens to me in the future . 
  do n't get me wrong , there may be some people that like the 9 to 5 job , and it 's okey , but i just ca n't do it . 
  * internet high five !, 
  i 'm not an american , i 'm portuguese so we do n't have that kind of prom or any prom whatsoever , and i 'm a male , so seeing all that people with dates , made me think if i would ever have a date if i actually went to a prom if i was an american . 
  probably not . 
  you said you are 15 and you 're saying `` so many teenagers together . '' ? 
  do n't give ideas man . 
  eau de balzac by paco rabanne . 
  eau de balzac by antonio banderas . 
  eau de balzac gold by antonio banderas . 
  i had more , but oh well , you can see where this is going . 
  really ? 
  do people really like big noses ? 
  i only had one girlfriend until now , i was 16 , and she said my nose was a bit weird , i think in a friendly way , she said it on text , but she also did n't like her nose which was long in length and a bit wide in width , so we both had big noses , but she was pretty , but she did n't liked when i looked at her from the side . 
  but are really people attracted to big noses ? 
  i do n't know if i 'm jew or arab in older generations since i 'm portuguese , but my nose , jesus , fucking , christ , i fucking hate it , it 's fucking huge , i do n't like big noses aswell , probably because i have one , but i also do n't like the michael jackson nose , i think the perfect nose is the [ annasophia robb ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vdy2a.jpg ) nose . 
  i would probably marry her , she is fucking perfect and beautiful , her nose is just perfect . 
  and that 's why i have been alone since i 'm 16 , because of my nose , it just fucking sucks . 
  that is n't a large nose or a big nose , it 's just a nose . 
  i have this one girl in my class , she is pretty , me being a sap started to think that i should make more eye contact . 
  she used to eye fuck me when we talked , like really eye fucking , sometimes i would feel uncomfortable because she is pretty , and i 'm not that good looking , she would just listen to me with so much attention and talk to me while making so much eye contact , jesus , i 'm a virgin but yeah , eye fucking . 
  let 's stare into each others eyes until it 's uncomfortable . 
  or maybe it 's because someone is attracted to you . 
  please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes , please say yes . 
  story above . 
  ahah , nah , i do n't think so , no , a couple of months ago i would say yes , now i ca n't make her look at me . 
  that intense eye contact sometimes makes me thing `` jesus , she is reading my fucking mind , stop that !, 
  you 're reading my thoughts !, 
  i think you 're pretty !, 
  now stop reading my mind ! '', 
  and then i look away . 
   a person is more than just a nose . 
  but a long , prominent nose , like the one the above actors have is an attractive feature in my opinion . 
  it is if you are talking about personality , or if you 're talking about the other features , if you 're talking about the game of thrones actor , yes , he has another cool feature , his jaw . 
  in my case , i do n't have one . 
  i 'm too sap to do anything about it . 
  and this reminds me of a couple in my class , that likes each other , but they do n't talk , because you know , he has his friends , she has her friends , and in between classes , they just talk to their friends and never talk to each other , we all know they like each other , they just do n't admit it and start dating each other , sometimes i catch one of them glancing really fast at one another , subtle things , and i laugh to me and say `` jesus , how can this be happening if they like each other , they do n't even talk . '' . 
  the last time i saw them talking in person was about 3 months ago before some holidays . 
  but , i do this myself , i do n't talk to her , because she has her friends and i have mine , or atleast i like to be alone most of the time and i do n't feel like starting a conversation with anyone , and since i 'm a redditor , this opportunity will probably pass and in 10 years she will say `` oh , you were cute back then , i really liked you , but you never talked to me . 
  '' , and i 'll just okay.jpeg . 
  fuck yeah stereotypical redditor !, 
  first time i see someone of my height getting to the the weight i want . 
  i still want to get more 10lbs or 15lbs than you , but i 'm only 165lbs at the moment , will start lifting probably in the next month . 
  in the beggining did you follow ss or any other reddit recommended workout routine ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but as a skinny guy , who 's going to start working for strength with probably ss/sl , is n't it better to start with ss to get bigger and then go for hypertrophy ? 
  6 ' 4 '' 165lbs . 
  level up . 
  you just made the final fantasy viii winning battle theme play in my head . 
  thanks . 
  i have social anxiety , anxiety overall , i do n't take anything to make it better , so all that humor , playful overstatement , will just make me cringe after i say them , even if the other person does n't think anything about what i said , it will make me so uncomfortable and anxious that i will stop talking in the moment . 
  that 's why i do n't have that many friends , i do n't like to talk and then in the end of the day having to think in every single thing i 've said during the day and realizing that everything i said was an extreme fuckup .
