  i opened that link and the first thing i noticed was , the fucking kid has more tattoos than a fucking biker , and the fuck is that gold glove ? 
  it 's because she was a victim of the holocaust and 6 million jews died , but i agree with you . 
  yeah , i really should try to do that , it does n't affect me personally , but seeing the stupidity of others amazes me . 
  i hope my paycheck comes tomorrow , so i can go to my normal life , and go and buy my jbl speakers for my car , and get out for a few hours . 
  i 'm not , i 'm just fucking surprised that she went from racist to dating a black person . 
  and i tip you my fedora , and i lift my kilt a bit aswell , sir . 
  pay hoooker , have sex with her , kill her , somehow only a percentage of the money you gave her shows up . 
  ^ magic, 
  yes , i have my fedora and my cape and my kilt right here , i just need a girl to love . 
  he clearly got deaf , he said it above . 
  or there was only the house . 
  the dude probably browses reddit . 
  it 's europe , and everyone in my family knows , her father knows , but the girl gives consent and wants to date the guy , so what can you do ? 
  one of my uncles mocks the situation like a motherfucker , i laugh a lot . 
  yeah , well , i kinda agree with you , but , what can you do ? 
  i think it 's probably 16 for everything . 
  sex , alcohol , smoking , etc. 
  driving is 18 . 
  and if we are talking about sex , i think and i hope she has n't done anything . 
  i had my first kiss when i was 13 , so i was n't there yet , and i 'm a guy . 
  the thing is the girl is 13 , and the dude is 19 , and my cousin probably still has n't got her period yet . 
  i am seriously getting tired of reading and discussing this matter on reddit , every other week , but you are right , you are so fucking right . 
  being yourself sucks , for a guy , it sucks . 
  oh , just join the gym , stop playing wow , go to a fucking bar . 
  why ? 
  i do n't want to do those things , i prefer to be at home and doing things i enjoy . 
  i 'm actually going to start going to the gym again , i do n't play wow anymore because it 's always the same shit , but i still do n't like going to bars , but you get the point . 
  i 'm already 21 , and i would n't want to go through my teenage years again . 
  yesterday , i saw another 13 year old cousin , a dude this time , that would n't sit at the table with his family , because the 13 year old girl ( the same from above ) , whom is a cousin also , had a boyfriend . 
  i do n't know how first degree cousins can have a relationship , but that 's just fucking hilarious , like louis ck stand up shit . 
  thanks . 
  i logged in just to say , my nigga , we should be friends . 
  i was like that until very recently when i moved cities . 
  i saw how ungrateful people are and now i do n't give a fuck . 
  i stopped caring . 
  i only care about me and my family now . 
  yeah , i saw the reviews below 40 % on rotten tomatoes , i still decided to watch and was n't disappointed , except for the acting of their mother , who threw the slow pace and the atmosphere of the movie off . 
  yeah , i know about the bass , his speakers do n't also have a subwoofer sound , but they create a nice atmosphere , it is n't a very powerful bass , but a very clear bass , and i can actually hear every instrument in the music , on my car i can only hear one thing , or very shitty bass , and no highs and no voice , or a good voice and highs , and no bass . 
  i do n't think he has a factory amp , because i tried with my pioneer speakers , and they sound the same . 
  yeah , we changed polarities several times , sounds the same . 
  i think the slow pace and almost no dialogue from gosling and the main villan , i ca n't remember his name was really fucking awesome , the fast and loud speaking parts of her just threw me off . 
  wan na fight ? 
  was awesome . 
  take it off ! , yes . 
  i only saw drive from refn yet , and it was because of gosling , and it was also fucking awesome , the `` 5 minutes and i 'm yours no matter what '' was fucking awesome aswell , and i thought refn was a new director . 
  i started with movies a few years ago , so i do n't have that much of `` library '' per se , so i do n't know much about refn , but slow pace is cool , i think she gave me anxiety , slow pace movies call me the fuck down , as i 'm a person with anxiety , so that 's one more reason for not to like the way her characters was . 
  that 's why there was a very long scene on 2001 : a space odyssey , where the main character goes out into space , and you can only hear him breathe , and that was a great scene . 
  thanks , i 'll take a look on those . 
  * hello *, 
  now i know where i 'll waste my money in february 2014 . 
  * hello *, 
  hello, 
  have n't you seen it yet ? 
  it 's your birthday !, 
   a message from your carrier, 
  oh boy , i hope it 's a girl confessing her feelings for me !, 
  wooooooooooooooow , where the fuck should i send the blood to now ? 
  oh no it burns, 
  ^ hello, 
  this comment was edgy . 
  are you saying that unattractive people do n't / ca n't / wo n't go out , have no hobbies , have no other interests ? 
  homeland intro is awesome , that music . 
  oh , so nice . 
  but it 's fucking awesome . 
  instead of giving baloons to people in africa , why not bring the google fiber to europe , more specifically , portugal ? 
  i have fiber , 30mb , but i pay 40 $ / ~ 55 $ , with unlimited phone calls plan , and 117 cable channels . 
  we still do n't have gigabit connections , our fastest connection is 100mb . 
  europe will become the new africa , and africa will become the new 90 's europe . 
  it has , i have it , 30mb , portugal just does n't have google fiber speeds . 
  * yuck , yuck * methamphetamines , bitch !, 
  and for the category of best stunts here are our nominees ,, 
  and the winner is , jackie chan . 
  well , my balls are now ovaries from the cuteness of this video . 
  i have ocd , and when i saw your youtube video , i thought `` well , this is all just an act , everyone who does n't know about ocd , talks about these shitty compulsions and obessions about locking the door 45 times and about the cracks in the pavements . 
  '' , but now that i know you have your tics under control and you do have ocd , i know you created that and talked about those cliche obsessions due to a lot of people not knowing that much about ocd . 
  because , i have ocd , and i do n't check to lock doors , i do however take sometime when dressing , have to open/close chrome tabs a lot of times , i take too long to open a movie on my computer and watch it , have to open and close a lot of times , etc. 
  edit : i also edit and save a lot of times a reddit comment . 
  and sometimes with no edit whatsoever , i just click edit and save . 
  also , can you tell me what were really the things that made you and your girlfriend break up ? 
  if it 's uncomfortable for you to talk , nevermind , thanks . 
  you know that i meant to ask if ocd played a bigger part on your relationship ending , but okey , thanks . 
  i try to hide it as possible , i have this thing that when i enter and sit down in my car , i have to close the door two times and the seat belt two times aswell , people noticed that , and i just could n't hide it . 
  jesus fucking christ , that made me nauseated due to the jump cuts , what the fuck was that ? 
  \\  portuguese, 
  \\  most likely photogenic/attractive imo, 
  not me, 
  just drink 1 liter of whole milk for 600 easy calories . 
  yo , acknowledge me , bitch !, 
  ps : i fucking love breaking bad . 
  how are you today , bitch ? 
  bitch, 
  i 've read on / v / that i should wait a few more days to see if they add more games , does this happen often with humble bundle , or should i just buy now ? 
  i 've tried to use , and it 's already been used and no one thanked you . 
  i thank you anyway . 
  origin is not even loading for me at the moment , i did n't use any but thanks though . 
  ### [ humble origin bundle games available on steam ] ( http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/articles/1257522-games-available-on-steam ) :, 
  * [ crysis 2 maximum edition ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/108800/ ), 
  * [ dead space 1 ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/17470/ ), 
  * [ burnout paradise : the ultimate box ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/24740/ ), 
  * [ mirror 's edge ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/17410/ ),
