  one of my favourite shows , new girl , also made a reference to coldplay . 
  where schmidt mentions listening to a coldplay live in rotterdam bootleg , make some pasta and * really listen to it * . 
  so nice . 
  his parachutes guitar is a takamine . 
  it would be chris just doing the worm . 
  the one kid that jumped into the water is chris right ? 
  can you point me to the other ones ? 
  nah , i feel you , for the video they should have used the album version . 
  message me . 
  will this be promoted on conan ? 
  can i act on it ? 
  you mean [ theodore k. mullins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfvngctoc8i ) ? 
  it 's one of my favourites to play on the guitar !, 
  i smell conspiracy vs rossi . 
  thank you . 
  it 's a joke man , easy . 
  thanks mr. yamaha . 
  well , he can still recover from this . 
  it happened last season . 
  i wonder how he feels now and how he will feel if he does n't get the 10th . 
  if it was me i would be frustrated and depressed , but i 'm not a professional athlete , so i have no idea . 
  i did and i did n't :(, 
  i googled that and i got a lot of bunnies . 
  also got one picture of a pomeranian . 
  did n't get the dog on the photos though . 
  he 's so cute :d, 
  so pretty much impossible to find right ? 
  pretty much impossible to find right ? 
  if i recall correctly , i think lorenzo said on faster that `` everyone worships valentino , but he does n't care for him and he will be better than him '' . 
   `` am i a part of the cure ? 
  or am i part of the disease ? '', 
  - clocks, 
  i have fos left and i 'm a big fucking fan , but i think it 's too much waiting in line for 12 hours . 
  i 'm going to berlin in the 29th . 
  i was thinking in going at like 18h or later . 
  what do you think ? 
  how will you pee or poop if you 're going to be in line for so long and not lose your spot ? 
  that 's my main concern . 
  i 'm flying from portugal to berlin . 
  hopefully my girlfriend will be able to be there . 
  and then until 2046 !, 
  friends again < 3, 
  you 're goddamn right . 
  get back to their first concert and play spies . 
  and everything 's not lost . 
  ol' billy red face . 
  it 's bill burr . 
  and iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 'm just checkin in on ya !, 
  damn , will on those drums , god damn . 
  4:50 , what is that ? 
  sounds good . 
  it was noticeable when celebrating , the yell was more of a stress relief and release than a goal celebration . 
  damn ronaldo . 
  it tastes like rubber . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm in berlin staying a week with my girlfriend . 
  she lives here . 
  yesterday we scheduled to go to a restaurant . 
  she got there and i was 10 minutes late , so she stayed outside the restaurant waiting reading a book . 
  a muslim sat right by her and started to tell her he wanted her and that she was beautiful and put her hand on her leg . 
  when i arrived she was uncomfortable , but i was mad she did n't wait inside the restaurant where it was safe and nothing would have happened , so when i got there i only said `` let 's go '' as i was trying to avoid confrontation with the muslim aswell . 
  but after reading this article , jesus christ , i think i should have punched the guy in the face and stomped his head . 
  also , it seems he was with a friend , so i could have ended up stabbed or beaten . 
  i feel terrible now for not acting against that piece of shit . 
  i was n't there when the kid touched her leg . 
  i only knew yesterday after the event . 
  i got her from the situation safe . 
  i am also afraid of getting stabbed/shot/beaten by these people for doing something that could have been resolved just like i did . 
  no need to make me feel worse . 
  i was alone , the other guy was not , and i was trying not to be racist . 
  when i got to where my girlfriend was , i just saw a muslim talking to her . 
  i did n't think much of it because she is very attractive and i know people will try and or flirt with her . 
  i am in a foreign country . 
  and yeah , i treasure my life . 
  however , if the guy was n't alone and i saw something with my own eyes , it would probably be different . 
  you sound fantastic !, 
  it 's a vagina joke . 
  is that a good or bad thing ? 
  outside the car , the 718 still sounds better . 
  yeah , to which its own ( correct expression ? 
  ) , i 'm glad you enjoy the car though . 
  996 is the best car i 've ever driven in my life . 
   have n't even seen one in person, 
  i 've seen a 2016 gt4 , a gt3 , a 996 turbo and a 718 boxster in person and jesus fucking christ are n't they beautiful . 
  porsche really makes the most beautiful cars . 
  it is a lot more voluptuous in person than in the video . 
  everything 's not lost live 2003 is just a major orgasm for me actually . 
  a few days ago at 4am i was in my car singing it at the top of my lungs and rocking back and forth like chris in the video . 
  i have feelings and sensations with that song that i never have with anything else . 
  plus amsterdam and life is for living . 
  beautiful beautiful song . 
  live 2003 version is just perfect . 
  i think x&y is beautiful actually . 
  i love the space-y-esque sound of the album . 
  you should listen to live toronto 2006 and x&y live austin city . 
  i know that hymn for the weekend , he plays sometimes on the piano . 
  but he said he likes to sing the song , that 's why they have a backing piano track . 
  i was in berlin a few weeks ago , and his piano live sound is different than the backing piano track they were playing when he was n't playing the piano . 
  he played the intro to the song on his piano and it sounded different . 
  never heard of the lipsyncing thing , but also on the show he sings himself .
