  see penny from the big bang theory . 
  thanks . 
  people are always commenting on my height . 
  `` oh , do n't want to change the bulb in the ceiling ? 
  '' , `` do you play basketball ? '' . 
  do n't do that . 
  and , two or three years ago , i heard a couple of 13 or 14 year old girls saying to each other i looked like a dinossaur . 
  wtf . 
  i am already louis ck then . 
  am i the only one that does n't really care if my girlfriend was making more money than me ? 
  i know that that does n't really go well in the in-laws family , but if she really likes you , and makes more money than you and is willing to be with you , why the fuck be concerned about it ? 
  me too . 
  also , when someone says i 'm good looking . 
  get the fuck outta here . 
  welcome to life !, 
  have you been doing smith machine squats ? 
  i 've tried one today without weights , i just could n't discover the form on it , it seems unnatural . 
  eating is easy if you have a good schedule . 
  last couple of weeks , i will get up at 2pm , go to the gym , come home at 4pm , 5pm , and eat until i went to sleep , i cried on the 1st or 2nd day of the first week of eating , second week of gym , because i just could n't handle it . 
  yeah i know . 
  but the fact is that , stuffing yourself with 3000 calories in like 5 hours is difficult . 
  so i now have a good schedule , wake up at 6am , eat 1000 calories , go to the gym at 9am , come at 11am , eat lunch , 500 calories , read reddit , midday snack , 1000 calories , and at 8pm , eat dinner , 500 calories , there you go , 3000 calories , easy . 
  i 'm doing these [ accessory exercises ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ku2w.jpg ) , curls + shrugs a day , skullchrushers and lat pull down on b day , i do n't do calf raises because i do n't really know how to do them , do n't know where to put knee raises aswell , probably will do them on every friday . 
  i ca n't do dips and chin/pull ups , i ca n't do one . 
  it 's fucking sad . 
  my numbers are no near yours , mostly the squat and the deadlift . 
  squat because i do n't have anything to squat , but smith machine or dumbbells . 
  deadlift because even if my form is good , my back gets sore after doing them , but it does n't hurt , i do n't want to push it and put more 50lbs and fuck my back . 
  yet , i know i can lift those 50lbs more , i just do n't know why i do n't do it . 
  my bench is at 110lbs , my deadlift at 120lbs and my ohp at 80lbs . 
  i 'll try to do negatives then instead of what i 'm doing . 
  i think my deadlift is good , because my back gets sore , it seems to be worked out , and not actual pain like if you pull anything or something . 
  thanks for the advice though . 
  squats , deadlifts , rows , ohp . 
  everything on sl but bench is looked at . 
  fucking niggas do n't know their shit . 
  every exercise on sl . 
  mainly because i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 20 years . 
  i get you . 
  people should n't really comment on the weight of other people or what they are doing . 
  yesterday , i was deadlifting , it 's my 2nd or 3rd week on sl , i saw a ~ 60 old lady looking at me deadlifting . 
  in the first week , i had a shoulder injury due to shitty chest press machines , there was a woman in her 30/40 's saying `` how can you only lift 20lbs ? 
  you need to do more , look at me , i lift more than you . 
  '' , i just said `` yeah , that 's right . '', 
  and look away . 
  but do n't worry about it , uneducated people gon na uneducate . 
   curling 65s and ez curl extensions with 200, 
  what is 65s ? 
  and extensions with 200 ? 
  my cousin is like this . 
  have n't changed the weight in the 3 weeks we are in the gym . 
  cable machines , cable row 65lbs , bicep machine , does n't do , does bicep curls with 10lbs dumbbells , tricep 35lbs , ezcurl bar ? 
  does n't even know what is that . 
  3 weeks . 
  i 've tried to advice him in the first couple of weeks , but he does n't want to know , and thinks he knows everything . 
  and that 's how you know you spend too much time on reddit . 
  i 've already read this story like 6 months ago . 
  `` never forget where your hood is nigga . 
  'cause the crackers wo n't . 
  wear it like you 're packing , and it can never be used to fuck with ya . '', 
  i think i 'm weird because i 'm like this, 
   hands , teeth , personality , hair , eyes , body, 
  as a guy who extremely likes films and tv shows , i kinda think about being really passionate about something . 
  sometimes i can be a bit of a geek about films and tv shows . 
  i 'm like a fucking walking film/tv bible . 
  atleast you tried . 
  a girl once said to me that she did n't had a boyfriend and that she would like to go on some shitty band concert . 
  i said `` yeah . '', 
  i still think of her . 
  oh yeah , i saw her yesterday . 
  i 'm feeling like `` this is it '' with sl aswell . 
  3rd week in , 110lbs bench press , it gets hard on the last 2 sets , but after that i think , is this really it ? 
  is it done ? 
  then i go to the barbell rows , last 2 sets , same thoughts , when it 's over , i think i should be doing more things , even thought the weight i 'm lifting is at my max . 
  i should probably add some accessory exercises . 
  `` i fucked your mom , faggot . '', 
  - xxxd4rkkn1ghtxxx1999, 
  i 'm 20 , and i just do n't have the strength to pull an all-nighter , it just does n't feel right . 
  i get depressed , and sad and i feel bad if i change my sleep schedules , ie : going to sleep at 8am and waking up at 6pm and seeing it 's dark . 
  you should change something then if you think that that thought is wrong . 
  i 'm 20 , and decided to start lifting weights and gain some weight . 
  but in terms of birthdays , i really do n't care anymore . 
  i think i 'm going to be an alcoholic or something . 
  i think queen is overrated . 
  the ship sinks at the end, 
  op , has never seen punctuation aswell . 
  also , breaking bad is cool because `` previously on amc 's breaking bad . '', 
  it 's okey , have you seen 2001 : a space odyssey ? 
  why , am , i acting , like , william , shatner ? 
  * handmovements *, 
  i 'm not forever alone , i 'm on friendzone . 
  i have a big nose , my shoe size is 43 ( 10 or 12 usa ) , and i 've told i got big hands . 
  take your own conclusions . 
  i love to talk to myself , and make joker impressions . 
  thanks . 
  encyclopedia , wikipedia , bible , book , hard drive , whatever . 
  i have a vast knowledge of films and tv shows . 
  and i have no one to share this stuff with . 
  but i have bad news , i 've never watched dr. who because i do n't really like sci-fi that much . 
  i think i need to give it a go , so i have another tv show to talk about .
