  i 'm portuguese . 
  but i 'd like to take a citizenship test to become freedom !, 
  hitler two hands cat, 
  i do n't have the proper cables . 
  it has two dvi connections , but i 'm using vga cables because i do n't have dvi cables . 
  i already turned it on on the bios , so the intergrated graphics is on . 
  it 's not working though , and i 've already enabled it on the bios . 
  thanks , will take a look at that . 
  thanks man , appreciated , but i 'm portuguese , living in portugal . 
  appreciated you do that , just let me know when it 's `` shipped '' so i can go to a beach somewhere . 
  go to settings  intergrated graphics  on . 
  it should be auto , change to on , and install the vga drivers from the gigabyte website . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 180lbs , i have to go to therapy because i 'm disappearing . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 180lbs , i have to go to therapy because i 'm disappearing . 
  i have 20 % bodyfat , i have no definition at all . 
  lidl has good chocolates . 
  oh shit , i have n't laughed this hard since i got on reddit almost 2 years ago . 
  6 words in your sentence . 
  half life 3 and half life 2 : episode 3 confirmed . 
  i wish i could put one on my windows , i have 7 . 
  all these spoilers . 
  i 'm allergic to extreme heat . 
  actually for every joke , it adds a month delay to its release . 
  i have the sapphire hd 7950 vapor-x oc 3gb , and i have n't found anything that i ca n't play maxed out . 
  have n't played crysis 3 though . 
  i think it 's a thermaltake thermal paste from 2008 or older . 
  and it 's stock clocks that 's why i find it so high . 
  i was thinking in a corsair because they are smaller , and i do n't really like a big cooler taking up space in my case , i had a tuniq tower 120 when i had with my q6600 took a lot of space in the case , i would prefer the corsair 's , but i 've read that they have compatibility issues and i also do n't want to spend money on a thing that wo n't be usable . 
  i think the psu is blowing hot air to the cpu aswell , since i have an old case , the psu is still above everything , and the case is so small i have no cable management whatsoever , those may be the problems . 
  what are the differences between the h50 and the h60/70/100 ? 
  the case is ugly as fuck , i was thinking in a fractal , but that is also expensive as fuck . 
   the h50/60 are slim 120 rads , the h70/80 are thicker 120 rads , and the h100 is a 240mm rad . 
  i understood nothing . 
  i have opened the case , took the psu out , but it 's blowing fresh air , not hot air , took the cables out of the way of the cpu cooler , and i 'm testing now . 
  \\  \u00ba , this ? 
  does the intel symbol matters ? 
  because it 's not pointing upwards as you can see in the pics . 
  ** den shi yiffd so hard her mois taint almos maed her panteez preggers in hur vajayjay . 
  it 's an old case , i 've just plugged the ones that exist , one in the front and another in the right side of the case . 
  still at 80\u00bac . 
   if you try to move it once seated it should n't wiggle at all , and i 'm sure yours do . 
  it does n't move at all . 
  that was 10 seconds . 
  nice one . 
  i wonder how will it go for me . 
  he 's fighting for the jews !, 
  reddit really gets shit done , i 've seen the ama request like two weeks ago . 
  the picture looks like something you would equip in runescape . 
  yeah , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 180lbs and 20 % bodyfat , and i do n't eat that much but i always had fat around my stomach . 
  i thought why was this happening if i do n't eat that much , the reason is i may not eat much , but all i do eat is carbs and fat . 
  oh shit nigga , dexter 's laboratory !, 
  it 's easy as fuck to watch , you shut down your brain , you have megan fox as eye candy , shia labeouf as comedic relief , and explosion for cool special effects . 
  i do n't see how it 's hard to understand this . 
  really ? 
  i 've been reading some comparisons , i just wanted read some opinions on reddit . 
  that should be expanded , because i 'm not satisfied with my weight , i could be 20lbs heavier , but i think i have a good body , it 's just not fit . 
  when i was 16 , a girl did this to me , i was never nervous while talking to her , and i only knew she liked me , after she literally put her tongue in my mouth when she asked me to come over her house to watch a movie . 
  but the other way around , jesus fucking christ , i shake like a motherfucker even just by the thought of asking a girl out . 
  i think i had too much rejection when i was younger . 
  well , from all the girls i 'd like to have made out with , and that i pursued , 0 said yes . 
  maybe i was just clingy as fuck and young and did n't know what was doing , and i told them i liked them . 
  yeah , i get what you are saying , it 's just i took to long to realize how to do it . 
  i 'm 21 now , but when i was like 15 , i would tell girls i liked them , and nothing else , then they would say `` oh thanks . '' . 
  i 'm now more willing to ask a girl out on a date , but now , i have another problem , extreme fucking anxiety . 
  it 's on netflix , nice . 
  i wanted to take a look at the uk one to see the differences . 
  you just have to smile . 
  and if you are bad looking you are a creep . 
  yeah . 
   this is the best part , i 've never understood guys who complain about women never approaching them . 
  do you know how many women have ever approached me in 21 years of my life ? 
  1 , and dumped me a week after we started hooking up . 
   5 ) your guy friends will love you and hate you . 
  you know , i 'm not good looking so , when i was out with one or two good looking friends , i did n't really want to go out if we had to go out with girls . 
  you know why ? 
  girls never really looked at me more than once . 
  it fucking sucks being alone at 21 . 
   implying i would n't live entourage style if i was rich . 
  people who say that are hypocrite . 
  when i had a bit of money and when i drove my subaru impreza , everyone wanted to ride with me , and i would waste money on gas just to drive around with my friends , and just to go hang out with them , but now that i ca n't leave my house because i 've moved 15 miles away from them , they do n't even care to visit . 
  also , i 'm not good looking so if i go out with them , girls wo n't even look at me twice . 
  it has already happened , i 'm the only guy in my group who has no girlfriend and has n't have a girlfriend since 2008 . 
  they all have girlfriends or girls to go out with . 
  i 'll tell you how it 's like to be good looking , you get the girls , while there is that bad looking guy in the group that is out with us , but always gets alone and does n't get any attention from the girls . 
  that guy is me . 
  in europe , having a subaru impreza it is , i do n't know why it is n't that impressive in the us . 
  what values ? 
  i can talk to a person and be social , the thing in the end of the night , they do n't ask my number , they always go for the person that is better good looking . 
  i want to do it also , i want to know how to do it . 
  yeah , it 's my favourite car . 
  sorry to hijack the top comment , but is there any chance of mae whitman coming back ? 
  she played fan , wan , yan , no , ann , she played ann . 
  * i 've been watching parenthood , and she 's cute . 
  yeah , i like it . 
  it 's making me shiver , just thinking about the final fantasy x ost . 
  i do n't know if it 's sarcasm or not , but the girl was n't that bad . 
  the rest , yeah , not so much . 
  i just do n't know what the fuck anything means and what shit !, 
  i had this girl who would initiate a lot of conversations personally and be interested on what i had to say , but when she was texting she had really shitty replies , it 's usually the other way around . 
  so , then , i did n't know what to do , and never asked her out , because i did n't know if she was interested in me or not .
