  you better back it up !, 
  source ? 
  it 's okey , thanks , i just have a not normal career dream , and i think i wo n't be able to fulfill it . 
  thanks though . 
  i 've read that he does n't make that much , 180 $ per day , i think . 
  on his [ ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/g5lx4/ama_i_am_jesse_heiman/c1l34m7 ) , he says 139 $ / 8 hours , so it 's shitty pay , or maybe it 's 139 $ / hour , his writing is mostly shit . 
  if it was 139 $ / hour , 8 hours a day , 4 to 5 days a week , he would be making good money i think . 
  food might not be a problem , but what about housing ? 
  i read that he lives in la , la is not famous for being cheap , does the 4k he might make a month can pay for rent ? 
  oh , fucking nice , you just made my dream of moving there even bigger . 
  you 're a girl , right ? 
  because a boner can appear randomly . 
  you ca n't control it when you want it . 
  it would probably be easier to tell her that quote , than to have a boner mid scene and having to cut because the actress felt uncomfortable . 
  picture this , i 'm 20 , days to 21 , and months ago , i see an ass and i say `` oh shit , that 's a really nice ass . 
  '' , and a colleague of mine says `` she 's 12 . '', 
  yeah . 
  yeah , i 'm the unnatractive cousin in the family , every family has one , and i 'm that one . 
  i 'm the tallest in the family though , 6 ' 4 '' , so i guess i win there . 
  source on the boucing tits please . 
  western digital barracuda pro, 
  that was caused by lupus . 
  the barber i go is a piece of shit , but it 's so fucking cheap i really do n't care . 
  so , i do the instead of weeks , waiting a couple of days and it will be fine . 
  in this economy i 'm not going to pay 10 $ to get a haircut , when that shitty barber does it for 4 $ . 
  yeah , i do n't do it because i have a shitty facial structure , otherwise i would go full heisenberg . 
  4 $ for a shirt , that will be worn until it has holes . 
  yeah , i 've done it , and i will continue to . 
  no she does n't . 
  not full , otherwise i would be in the empire business . 
  october 19th . 
  but that 's because of my social anxiety . 
  and why should i pay drinks for women ? 
  do n't they have their own money ? 
  why do n't they pay me for drinks ? 
  not everyone is like you , and you should respect people regardless of their choices . 
  i stopped caring in 2008/2009 , though i never cared that much . 
  but yeah , do n't worry , let 's pretend it was a fake discussion . 
  can you tell me why it 's not worth if you only have 4gb ddr2 ? 
  because that 's exactly what i have , and i have a sapphire hd 7950 vapor-x 3gb . 
  but i like to eat pizza , burgers , bread , cheese , milk . 
  me too . 
  and when i go to put gas in my car , i do n't even care about the gas counter , i do care about , opening and closing the door of my car two times , and other shitty stuff . 
  i do n't average 2000 , and i still have a lot of fat , though i 'm skinny , 6 ' 4 '' , 175lbs , most of it it 's fat , and i think i could lost most of it to get a better jawline and abs , because i think most of the fat i have or gain , either goes to my face or to my stomach . 
  yeah , i started working out july 2012 , but had to stop in september , and then in december because i got fucking sick i could n't move , i 'll probably start again next month . 
  i find her attractive and very pretty , but i 've never seen anything that she was in , where she was the lead that made an impact on me , but who cares ? 
  we are n't on this subreddit to discuss their careers . 
  thank you . 
  i have little to mild ocd , i waste probably 1 hour of my day just doing rituals and other shit . 
  no one knows i have ocd , so some days ago i went to see some friends and i was driving , and i have this thing where if i 'm out of the car , i open the door twice , and when i sit in the car , i close it twice , and a friend of mine spotted that shit , after that i only did it once , normally , but only when they are around , it seems to heal or cure you for a bit if anyone noticed it and tells you `` wtf are you doing ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  '' , and part of your brain shuts down , and makes you a little bit more healthier . 
  but what do you have to do that stops you from driving ? 
  going to the gym is expensive , it 's not worth it at the moment , since it 's almost the middle of the month . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that was for me . 
  i do n't have anything to do pull-ups , or chin-ups , but i could see other shit , maybe start with some push-ups . 
  that 's nice , and i hope it works the way it works for me . 
  the first time i read the ocd wikipedia article , my ocd was gone for a few days , it was like something connected in my brain and it disappeared . 
  i do also have software ocd , if that 's what i think it is . 
  while i 'm in my computer , i do n't erase just one word of a sentence , if i make the mistake of making a typo , i will erase the whole sentence and write it all over again , even if it 's a big paragraph , it fucking sucks . 
  also , i open and close a lot of tabs , 10 , 20 , 40 , 50 times , whatever , in periods of 4 or 5 . 
  i 'm getting clearly tired of this shit . 
  if i want to watch a movie , i get so fucking anxious . 
  i start it and pause it atleast 50 times . 
  i heard they got back together again . 
  how ? 
  nah , i actually feel good alone , not lonely . 
  sometimes i get lonely , but it 's because i spend time on / tv / looking at pics of jennifer lawrence and zooey deschanel and jane levy , and i get depressed because i * probably * will never date them . 
  and i usually do n't get depressed or sad because i 'm lonely , because i like it , i get depressed or sad because the career path i chose is difficult as fuck to get in . 
  tl ; dr : i feel good alone , and not lonely . 
  yeah !, 
  i will never lose my faith !, 
  a * kick * starter . 
  i still do n't know why she got back together . 
  what the fuck is going on with rihanna 's mind ? 
  from what i 've read yesterday , i think that guy is from chris brown 's entourage . 
  there is no fucking way you can say that . 
  justin bieber is just a kid that teenage girls like to watch and listen because he says some beautiful shit that they believe , and people mock him or mock his fanbase . 
  but chris brown is different , he beat the fuck out of another person , and does n't respect anyone . 
  rihanna got back together . 
  film/tv . 
  yeah , i was so op on ffviii that i one shot every fucking phase of ultimecia . 
  squall , irvine , zell , squall lionheart , irvine had multiple shots with his limit break , i was able to hit atleast 50 times with his limit break , and then zell , i would just be the 5 minutes doing 9999 combos . 
  i think i overkilled her . 
  i would just magus sisters and anima on the bosses and fuck them . 
  yeah , i have a cousin who is fucking spoiled aswell , both their parents make minimum wage , but he wastes a lot of money every 2 weeks cutting his hair , buying clothes and never using them , buying nike shoes that are worth 1/5 the minimum wage of his parents , and wasting another 1/5 of the wage on the gym . 
  he is almost 21 , never completed high school , and does n't want to work odd jobs or minimum wage jobs , because girls can see him and make fun of him , is dumb as fuck , but arrogant , because he thinks he is better than everyone else . 
  also , his dad paid for the entrance/deposit fee for him to take his drivers license and he did n't go for 2 years . 
  his dad paid it again . 
  sometimes i wish i could just punch him in the fucking face . 
  but it 's not his problem , it 's the way their parents educated him , mostly his mother , who has no clue about life , talks about other people in their backs , and every sunday wastes a fuckton of money going to the hairdresser . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  what happened with oprah ? 
  did she have a career after that movie ? 
  thanks . 
  so oprah sucks ? 
  yeah , me too !, 
  but she is mine !, 
  but the problem is that , i have no problems and i still feel like shit .
