  and jessica alba !, 
  it is real, 
  with my wizard robe on . 
  the first i see is the one who gets it, 
  you should probably let her leave the dungeon now . 
  i do n't know why , i 'm hearing that link you gave , and i have slight anxiety , but i actually like the music . 
  and also , this music gives me a drug addict vibe . 
  but i ^ t ^ ' ^ s so go ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ d !, 
  i have this urge on calling my crush or sending her a text saying `` i want to take you out on a date and fucking kiss you !, 
  '' , i think i have a great willpower of not doing it , otherwise i would be fucked . 
  normally i do n't listen to electronic music , i only listen to coldplay or radiohead , since it 's on my comfort zone , and coldplay is my favourite band . 
  i also like pink floyd , dire straits , u2 , etc. 
   high frequencies that humans are naturally afraid of, 
  this seems cool . 
  but talking about electronic , these, 
  sometimes i get fucked by both hands . 
  create a girlfriend for me man , i 'm so fucking lonely , it would make the happiest person in the world sad . 
   when your dog is pooping she wants to know that you approve of her pooping , so she looks to you for facial cues . 
  if i ever have a dog , he will look me in the eyes , and i will nod and say `` do it man , come on , oh yeah , take that shit out !, 
  you deserve it ! '', 
  verified . 
  make a second one then . 
  yeah right, 
  * what is the difference between doing 3x5 or 5x5 ? 
  * when cutting should i limit my carbs on how much ? 
  * while doing warm-up sets on deadlift , with very light weight , my back gets rounded , if i do my work sets with 1 plate , my form is good . 
  should i skip the warm-up sets ? 
  * can i add accessory exercises for hypertrophy as long as it does n't interfere with the linear gains on the compound lifts ? 
  ie : upright rows , bicep curl , tricep extensions , etc. 
  so i 'm not the only one with this problem ? 
  my first language is not english , but i can write it and read it , as if it was my first language , but sometimes if i 'm watching something i lose some words because or they are said too fast or people mumble . 
  you are intimidating now , i would n't probably talk to you because i would think `` fuck that , i do n't have a chance . '', 
   some programs have higher volume of lifts to achieve their goals for people with varying levels of experience . 
  some have lower volume for certain lifts that are more taxing on the system . 
  i 'm talking about ss/sl . 
  ss is 3x5 and sl is 5x5 , both are strength programs , i 'm doing 5x5 , but i do n't know if i should do 3x5 , since it seems easier to increase the weight with only 3 sets . 
   you should warm up for sure , the problem with your question is it does not say how close 1 plate is to your max . 
  if it is less than 70 % i 'd say you are good to warm up with it . 
  i 'm doing 1x5 145lbs , and warming up seems wrong due to form . 
  thanks for the help . 
  i already need a spotter with 120lbs on bench press with 5x5 , i 'm sure if it was 3x5 i would be able to do it myself , other than that , everything seems good at the moment . 
  about the deadlift , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and if i do n't have the 45lbs plates , the bar gets to low for me to have a normal curve on my lower back . 
  oh yeah , i just saw that you are 18 , i thought you were older aswell , and i 'm saying that as a compliment . 
  i 'm 20 , and if you have no standards , hi . 
  but seriously , if i saw you in the street , i would probably only glance at you , due to the extreme fear of looking you in the eyes and you reject me . 
  are you sure ? 
  on facebook , more attractive girls are spammed everyday . 
  oh , the anxiety . 
  chinese food , well . 
  never tried . 
  the only asian food i 've ever tried was japanese food , in my first day of college , a friend of mine and his girlfriend took me to a japanese restaurant , and let me tell you , sushi tasted like rubber . 
  we need to discover other common thing , because for me , pizza and burgers is the way to go . 
  i 'm not an american , but i heard pizza hut has a all you can eat buffet . 
  i need to change my citizenship . 
  because oh fuck , pizza hut would go bankrupt . 
  i just ate , and now i 'm hungry again . 
  in my country , pizza hut does n't deliver to my city . 
  clearly , you were never called ugly or mocked when you were younger . 
  wtf did i just watch ? 
  there you go . 
  wtf, 
  4chan is here . 
  saving this for when i get a girlfriend !, 
  consider the following , i hope not . 
  you did n't reply to op . 
  i thought i was listening to a harry potter book in the part of `` mor den 70 '' . 
  what is your role ? 
  if you meet jennifer lawrence , tell her that a person from the internet loves her . 
  as a person who has a strong passion for movies and hopes to have a job as an actor or film producer/director you made me excited !, 
  did you sent a lot of emails ? 
  or just one ? 
  i 've read that a day is like 150 $ . 
  i think atleast for a tv show . 
  i 'm embarassed to say , i do too . 
  i 'm embarassed to say , i do too . 
  my nigga !, 
  oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man !, 
  what if this has happened to me and i do n't know ? 
   those that were made fun of , make fun of others . 
  you are wrong . 
  i was made fun of , and i do n't make fun of others . 
  i do n't like that . 
  i can smell everything for lincoln . 
  if i was an employer you would be fucked . 
  you would n't get a fucking 5-10 minute ( s ) break to smoke . 
  or probably you would , but i think people that do n't smoke should have 5 or 10 minutes break to do other shit aswell . 
  because it 's not fair for people that smoke to have breaks everytime they want to smoke , but people who do n't smoke are denied breaks . 
  you did-a not-a eat-a the whole plate-a of-a pasta-a !, 
  come-a here-a you son-a of-a bitch-a !, 
  yeah get your shit straight . 
  fine is fine . 
  best is best . 
  the guy wants fine muscles , not best muscles . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  hey i 'm eating in here, 
  it was a good show up until late 3rd season / 4th season . 
  since 4th season that the writers have run out of ideas , but other than that it 's pretty good . 
  op , fuck you , you 're just a fucking geek who plays to many games . 
  you 're 17 . 
  lol .
