   while it 's true that reddit is full of lazy and unmotivated people , it still quite capable of producing some amazing results . 
  because this is viewed as a community , but in a community there are exceptions to the rule , and we are those . 
  that 's what i wanted . 
  thanks . 
  those are choices you have to make to further in your career . 
  i would do twilight if someone asked me , and the paycheck is cool so . 
  both kristen stewart and robert pattinson are good actors and they did it because 1 , it was easy money , and 2 , atleast one of them did n't have a career before twilight . 
  i 've seen some interviews of her on conan , and she is really awkward . 
  awkward as in , she does n't even know if she goes for an handshake or an hug when she comes to say hi to conan and andy . 
  she 's cute . 
   implying the runaways is a bad movie . 
   implying a lot of other actors that are well known and a-list never did a shitty movie . 
  people rag on everything that is liked by teenagers at the moment . 
  justin bieber , twilight , etc. 
  i actually do n't have a problem with all that shit , because they do n't force themselves on my house , they are n't knocking on my door and yelling `` jesus fucking christ , furyasd , just let us in in your fucking house and let 's us sing and act for you ! '' . 
  i choose to watch and listen whatever i want , and actually i choose to have my own opinions instead of going with the mainstream circlejerk . 
  to me kristen stewart is a good actress . 
  seated military press ? 
  [ all heil mein furrher !, 
  the runaways , adventureland , previous films that she made as a kid . 
  reign over me is fucking awesome , adam sandler can act . 
   those wide owl eyes . 
  those wide owl eyes are fucking beautiful . 
  well , coldplay are my favourite band , so . 
  i just do n't see how people hate on coldplay so much . 
  does it feel like i care ? 
  i started doing lateral and front raises with 10lbs dumbbells , i guess the ohp i did for 3 months did n't give me any strength due to probably bad form . 
  i 'm going to start to ohp again , and work on my form and see what happens . 
  i 'll check on the upright rows and check the form you mentioned . 
  i actually did them with the ez curl bar , but i never feel anything even with reps , so might be the form aswell . 
  the only thing that helped me today was front and lateral raises . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice . 
   i should add that proportion of type i and type ii fibers can be changed in the sense that , if type ii fibers have the ability to grow more than type i , proportion of net size does change . 
  is this something you achieve by training with high reps/low reps ? 
  i 've started with sl 5x5 , and now i 'm on a bodybuilding split . 
  for 3 months , i got type i fibers growth , but since it was during 3 months , how long will it take for this to switch and have a type ii fibers growth ? 
  ^ that ^ is ^ if ^ i ^ understood ^ what ^ i ^ read . 
  did you lost any mobility ? 
  as in , can you stretch your back the way you want ? 
  or can you touch your toes with your hands ? 
  what if he goes to their houses , goes on their computers , and looks at the pictures of the girl while they are sleeping ? 
  can you give me an example of side to side mobility ? 
  my sister has scoliosis and does n't want to swim or do any exercise , but pilates , which is fucking expensive , and my parents do n't want to operate because the chance of my sister being healthy in a long term with or without the operation are quite the same , and we do n't risk the operation . 
  okey , thanks . 
  good luck . 
   swearing in front of me ? 
  who the hell cares ? 
  i fucking love to swear . 
   burping contest ? 
  i 'll fail , but whatevs , count me in !, 
  i can make shit shake when i do it . 
   lastly , if you fart and burp , loudly , on purpose , amongst strangers i 'm probably going to find it a bit rude , regardless of if you 're a man or a woman . 
  nah , i think this is rude aswell , but fuck that , if you are amongst friends , fuck that shit , do whatever you want . 
  i told my cousin that i 'm going to the cinema on december 10th , he asked me if i was going alone , i said yes , he looked at me like i was a fucking retarded and laugh . 
  i still see no reason why going to the movies alone is retarded . 
  and also, 
   you 're sat in a dark room , facing away from who you 're with , unable to talk to them . 
  i do n't like when people talk to me when i 'm watching something , so , i prefer to go alone . 
  i want to share that experience with only me , thinking about the film , the performances , and ask myself for the 1000th time , why the fuck i 'm not going to study acting and film instead of being miserable and unhappy . 
   thankfully about 90 % of my friends are the kind that stays quiet for the whole film then discusses it afterwards , so that 's not much of an issue for me . 
  this is why i prefer to go alone than with my retarded friends . 
  they do n't discuss the film , they just quote it and try to make jokes about it . 
   on the way out i heard them a little ways behind me whispering about me being there alone . 
  it was incredibly harmless, 
  plebs who only enjoy movies if they share it with a group . 
  fuck that man . 
  we go alone because we do n't have to share it with anyone , it 's our own experience and we do n't have to always answer questions in the middle of the movie about something someone paying attention to the film . 
  also , if you want to cry you can cry alone , you do n't need to worry about someone seeing you . 
  link to the film ? 
  aspiring actor here . 
  why is it difficult to achieve ? 
  oh yeah , i did theatre one year ago , where i was the lead , the acting there was just laughable , not saying mine was great , but people asked me if i was a professional actor . 
  yet , i 've learned a lot with only that experience , and i 've made some `` acting faces '' when i should n't have done it , and in some lines i did the normal real life way to say it , mostly because i had read about method acting and tried to use it . 
  but yeah , you 're right . 
  i just drive 's driver ryan gosling the response . 
  nah , the movie premieres on the 6th , but i 'm going on the 10th , because the theater will probably be empty . 
  actually coldplay are my favourite band , and i have n't had the opportunity to see them live . 
  sucks that i will have to wait 2015 for another opportunity . 
  i will be 23/24 by that time . 
  do n't panic , everything 's not lost, 
  i 'm an independent scissor who ai n't need no paper !, 
  i think those cereal were discontinued in my country . 
  fuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkkkkk !, 
  i need my fix !, 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  where did you study ? 
  sometimes i want a girlfriend , and then i fap , and then i still want a girlfriend to cuddle . 
   actor, 
  21 in 3 months . 
  i want so much to try and move to the us from portugal . 
  i think if i do n't try atleast i 'm going to be miserable for the rest of my life , and if i fail i will go into a deep miserable depressive life where i 'll dive into pills and alcohol to relief the pain i 'm going to feel if i do n't follow my dream . 
  i want to have the courage to be like you , and i 'm 3 months to 21 . 
  i want to move to us from portugal and give it a try at acting . 
  i 'm a fucking asshole for wanting this career, 
  edit : also , got anything that i can read from your writing ? 
   got a pay bump for every episode they were called out for . 
  craig ferguson is fucking awesome . 
  i did not know about this pay thing but he was my favourite tv show host since the first episode . 
  well , i did n't .
