  yeah !, 
  very sentimental . 
  yes . 
  pretty in both . 
  date me . 
  that would be awesome . 
  i liked him . 
  now i do n't . 
  i hope rossi does n't get depressed if the 10th title never happen . 
  it must be fucking sad to be one of the best , and not being able to just round that 9 to a 10 . 
  even though they have tons of money , i 'm sure that will most likely affect rossi psychologically . 
   if m\u00e1rquez wants lorenzo to win , why did he won at australia instead of setting for second place ? 
  to not draw any flags and be suspicious . 
  facking, 
  yeah , i also thought about this . 
  it would be awesome . 
  ah , what a joke !, 
  why is he still relevant ? 
  did n't he quit a few years ago ? 
  is he considered better than rossi ? 
  jesus , wtf , that sucks for the dude . 
  pm ` ed you . 
  pm ` ed you . 
  upload !, 
   do you like the hunger games ? 
  chris : yes . 
  [ coldplay official audio here !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usrptrq1x5y ), 
  are there any new cool features ? 
  or is it same old same old ? 
  just level until max , gear up and raid ? 
  not x&y . 
  it 's very space-y . 
  which i love . 
  i noticed he went out of tune a few times , even after the beggining , but it was awesome . 
  it seems that they are having fun again , after the whole depressive ghost stories story . 
  violet hill has a pretty awesome bassline . 
  i cried in that moment . 
  well , fack this . 
  are we still asking these type of questions ? 
  yes . 
  i hope marquez never wins anything again . 
  when rossi retires , i 'll root for iannone and pedrosa . 
  i 'm an atheist , and i was almost praying so that marquez tires would get fucked and he would fucking fall . 
  marquez is literally a little 168cm bitch . 
  hopefully the italians and pedrosa will make for a good season . 
  fuck the other two cunts . 
  he will come back next year , i saw it yesterday here on this subreddit . 
  but once he retires , i agree . 
  noice mate . 
  well , let 's see about that . 
  marquez is n't the only rider that will come from moto2 . 
  there are new up and coming riders . 
  i really do hope oliveira comes from moto2 in a few years and gets a chance to ride on an official bike . 
  rooting for him in the next years after rossi retires . 
  i 'll work the long con . 
  i will study mechanics in the next few years , get a degree , go up in my career so i can cut the breaks on marquez bikes . 
  salute the doctor !, 
  salute the doctor !, 
  or will go down under the pressure of knowing that no one likes him anymore , even valentino rossi . 
  to heil46 !, 
  but pedrosa is n't a small little bitch . 
  he is a gentleman as far as these scandals go . 
  sponsors ? 
  what about people in the paddock ? 
  other riders ? 
  what ? 
   gas, 
   sector, 
  abandoned lorenzo . 
  hum , yeah , because the guy who after the race two weeks ago went to rd and fim and cas telling them that the penalty they gave to valentino rossi is n't good enough and he should be penalized even worse , is n't a fucking cunt . 
  jesus christ dude , grow the fuck up , if you think jorge lorenzo is n't a fucking character . 
  that 's true . 
  but it was n't sportmanship-like from him to ask fim for a harsher penalty on rossi . 
  comes back and wins . 
  that makes sense . 
  so lorenzo just has an awful personality and instead of enjoying all these stupid marquez tricks he actually goes out and voices his `` stupid '' opinions while somewhat showing he is on marquez side ? 
  however , i just saw this, 
  it seems marquez is being played . 
  what happened to cal by the way ? 
   we should applaud our new champion and never speak of these things again . 
  north korea much ? 
   r : `` it '' s alright , we gon na discuss later '', 
  oh shit , he 's gon na make him an offer he ca n't refuse . 
  it 's oliveira dude . 
  i 've seen so many people mispronounce oliveira 's name . 
  it 's fun for me , being portuguese and all . 
  yeah , do n't wan na sound like a kid , but that was awesome , the way he spoke to carmelo . 
  `` we gon na talk later '' , it just reminded me of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/cncbhvvchtu?t=35s ) . 
  mirror ? 
  atleast the drama was better acted . 
  are the ones where she is sucking a dick , her or some other girl ? 
  i new the ones with cum on her face were n't her , but the ones where she is sucking really look a lot like her . 
  yes . 
   cabroncito, 
  translates to little bitch . 
  vale just does n't want to produce ( and promote ? ), 
  someone that is n't a fair rider . 
  wait what ? 
  does that mean that stargate changed the songs to what they felt it was good and not to what coldplay felt it was good ?
