  i am a 19 year old male virgin , and i do n't know how things will go for my first time , but i want to laugh it all the way to relieve the anxiety , if i do n't or she laughs atleast one time of something , just not at my skills , i will be very concerned that i 'm not doing good . 
  * shit . 
  in portugal , 2l coca-cola is 4 $ aswell , fuck you usa , you have the lowest prices in the world and you still complain . 
  well , there are a lot of things that are overpriced , that you can easily get there for a very cheap price . 
  1 liter of milk here is almost 1 $ . 
  yeah , do n't know if you are talking about coke , but yeah we do , also , currently , i 'm trying to avoid it , and only drink lipton 's ice tea , since coke fucks your teeth . 
  we do that then aswell . 
  i thought you were refering to the stereotypical fat american . 
  maybe that `` update '' has n't arrived here yet . 
  coke still `` burns my teeth '' . 
  it 's not usual for people to drink milk at lunch or dinner , atleast in portugal , i 've got some looks when i drank chocolate milk or just plain milk at those meals . 
  never heard of it . 
  we only have lipton or `` blank '' brands . 
  while it 's common to drink chocolate milk at breakfast here , it 's not common to eat eggs and bacon at breakfast , atleast not in a breakfast place . 
  at my house , we do it eat , but not everyday , since it 's not healthy . 
  but man , fuck the haters . 
  what kind of tea do you drink ? 
  i 'm not that big of a fan of tea , atleast the normal one that you at home , boiling water and putting a small packet of herbs in the water . 
  i ca n't drink it unsweeten aswell , like camomile . 
  the thing is coke has something that erodes ? 
  ( do n't know if correct word ) the teeth , and ice tea does n't . 
  yeah , i 'm talking about that , that we can be open to one another and share a laugh if something goes very wrong and awkward . 
  and for joseph gordon-levitt , his performance was great . 
  filesonic . 
  i believe that , what ever does n't kill you , simply makes you ... * dramatic sound * stranger . 
  yeah , daniela ruah , as an example , a portuguese actress who is currently starring on ncis : los angeles , is pulling 10k $ per episode , if that . 
  they earn more than the average person , but even that , she lives in la , which i think , i 'm not an american , is a very expensive city , also she has to pay to agents and managers . 
  if he sucked early , then i guess you have n't heard anything from them since 1999 . 
  check 2000-10-25 live in cardiff . 
  amazing . 
  performance . 
  it was their 3rd concert . 
  why ? 
  just because he used to play stereotypical teenage awkward characters along michael cera ? 
  ca n't he play any other types of roles that he will get the hate that he is getting ? 
  atleast in reddit ? 
  i think he deserves it , and fuck the haters . 
  yeah , i think octavia spencer will win this year , awesome performance in the help . 
  silly americans , portuguese government does n't look out for its people . 
  i do n't understand the hate towards him . 
  i think people are hating him because he used to play those stereotypical roles . 
  i did n't take it seriously and i 'm back to it . 
  i 'm 19 , soon to be 20 . 
  have n't had any `` special '' contact with a girl since i was 15 / 16 , and the contact i had was nothing more than a kiss or two . 
  i am afraid of dying alone and not be loved by anyone . 
  i think i am also depressed , i do n't want to get up in the morning , i just want to sleep the whole day . 
  also , no self-esteem . 
  subaru impreza  mercedes . 
  kids do n't know shit about cars . 
  just because mercedes and bmw are the stereotypical rich people cars , that does n't mean that they are better . 
  fuck that kid . 
  also , i 'm driving a 1999 subaru impreza . 
  can i get an amen ? 
  thanks man . 
  you still remember do n't you ? 
  i 'm portuguese and let me just clear something for you . 
   whereas average portuguese has to survive on only 900 euros . 
  false . 
  minimum wage is ~ 485 euros . 
  people live with that , sometimes less . 
  the new one makes no sense at all . 
  still a better love story than twilight . 
  ** e m o p t i o n ** ? 
  the girl i want to date probably does n't want to date me . 
  the girls i want to hook-up with probably do n't want to hook-up with me . 
  the part where i teared up , [ was when he was saying goodbye to his parents before going to the or ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg6bwddcj4k ) . 
  something happened in there , that just made tear up . 
  yes , i 've mentioned this scene aswell above . 
  [ here is the link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg6bwddcj4k ) . 
  proceed to fuck , quicksave . 
  cum in 10 seconds . 
  quickload . 
  repeat . 
  i do this too , i have ocd . 
  fuck yeah guy berryman !, 
  save in another slot . 
  youtube link ? 
  bones , sinking like stones , all that we fought for . 
  you are not as ugly as you think you are . 
  you are not as intelligent as you think you are . 
  you are not as fucked up as you think you are . 
  you are not as tall as you think you are . 
  i have n't been watching jay leno for about one month now , he is just so fucking bad , he does n't know how to carry a conversation , and his monologue is bad written and his sketches and skits are so bad now . 
  and after what he made to conan that shit just went downhill . 
  the sitcom is already out . 
  ] ( http://www.cbs.com/shows/rob/ ), 
  he is a good actor , atleast i like him . 
  he just does n't know how to pick films and therefore goes over the top . 
  fuck , there are other people like me . 
  i used to play handball , but never really cared about watching games , or watching any other kind of sports . 
  fuck the haters . 
  european here , are the sandwiches just 2 slices of bread and some peanut butter ? 
  or do you add more things to it ? 
  do n't you see what are we talking about ? 
  your attention span is very small . 
  i can not do this on yellow . 
  i ca n't press down and pause at the same time , it only does one thing , or i go down and the trainer sees me and i have to battle or the game gets paused and i stay in the same place . 
  okey , thanks . 
  got it , fuck yeah !, 
  first try today , got to press down , and pause after , like half a second after and it will work .
