  i do n't want to replace morellos , because of the 20 cdr and the grieving wounds . 
  should roa replace morellos or just be a second item ? 
  thanks !, 
  this is my first year playing league . 
  i did a few games in november , but i do n't really count that as i did my placements with my diamond friend and i got silver iv as janna . 
  i want to try and hit gold this season . 
  i 'm already with almost 500 games in 2 months . 
  is gold even achievable as a new player ? 
  so i completely disregard morellos ? 
  what are the ranks ? 
  i 'm silver . 
  i am having fun up to the point where i make mistakes and should know better , or my team makes mistakes and i should know better to try and not help them , therefore a mistake made by me again , or my team just feeds 10 top or bot and even if i win my lane i do n't have enough knowledge to help them and we lose the game . 
  if we lose i mostly blame myself and not the team , i do n't want to be like the people who stay in the same elo for the 3-5 years and blame everyone else but themselves for their mistakes . 
  i however , sometimes , still see people making mistakes and get pissed . 
  we kill 4 , and get inhib turret and team instead of pushing with 30 secs on the death timers , they all go baron , ca n't do baron because no damage , everyone spawns , they come baron , and we all die . 
  so , am i having fun playing league ? 
  only when i win , and sometimes even then i interior rage so much that i find no happiness in winning . 
  i just want to get better and climb . 
  i have a diamond 4 friend who says that shit players are even in his elo , so i 'm not sure why the fuck i 'm still playing the game if it will be the same shit 5 leagues above . 
  i can take criticism , that 's why i want to get better . 
  first few games with annie , i positioned better , did n't overextend , etc. 
  i understood my mistakes . 
  10 games after , i 'm doing the same shit over and over again . 
  i have to mute everyone else and not help anyone fighting in bot to get somewhere in the game . 
  if i start helping people that are fighting 4v4 instead of pushing towers , i will make a mistake and die . 
  thanks , i just posted a vod there . 
  i played really badly . 
  thanks . 
  what about this ? 
  is n't `` a new kit '' meaning body kit or just new features like idrive ? 
  she was in gilmore girls for a lot of years though . 
  source top left ? 
  major key aqui \u00e9 comunicar . 
  you know you 're good when beyonce looks at you like you are her first born child . 
  [ rehab fix you live at madrid 2011 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjny88ni7f8 ), 
  i got all top 1 . 
  i thought i did this because i wanted to be a director . 
  it seems a lot of people do this . 
  [ same couch as jennifer lawrence ] ( http://www.zastavki.com/pictures/originals/2014/_jennifer_lawrence_on_the_couch_088584_.jpg ), 
  the argument i 've read here on another thread about the same topic was that coldplay have to pay for all the xylobands ( the bracelets you see glowing throughout the concert ) , and all the other stuff that makes the show great , fireworks , paper butterflies , etc , etc. 
  you do n't see your `` more reputable act '' aka radiohead doing this . 
  that 's why the tickets are more expensive . 
  they were n't back then . 
  they did n't have a , b and c stages . 
  now they do . 
  they want to include everyone in the venue in the experience . 
  is that sentence correct ? 
  as a non native speaker i never heard anyone say `` let 's go '' like that . 
  or is she so excited that she does n't know what to say anymore ? 
  i just got really into lorde a few days ago , and her live singing is n't the best . 
  but in this performance i agree it was way better from what i 've been used to watching in the past few days on youtube . 
  that 's cool !, 
  she is n't trying to be sexy , she does n't care how she dances and that makes her really sexy . 
  [  tfw she gives you the look ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zvnr8j2.jpg ), 
  so 13 reasons why is not fiction ? 
  did it really happen ? 
  yeah . 
  hannah had mental issues ofcourse . 
  the `` i told you to go away , but actually wanted you to stay '' is already a meme on the show 's subreddit . 
  most people go through all the shit she went through except the rape parts , it 's part of high school . 
  however , hannah , to me , was very immature and played games . 
  she was n't straight forward on what she wanted , and she did n't know how to deal with her problems . 
  jesus christ , sorry for my english . 
  not a native speaker . 
  the show was n't supposed to make her likable . 
  check the 30 minutes episode on netflix where they discuss that . 
  ah , that 's cool to know . 
  thanks . 
  are your parents portuguese ? 
  how are you perceived in the us ? 
  as white or latino ? 
  i want to get into this stuff . 
  my dream is to be an actor/filmmaker . 
  i 'm getting a new car soon , and i want to film it and create some little stories , i already have some ideas . 
  i need to buy a camera , maybe lens and maybe a tripod , as i also want to do some piano tutorials stuff . 
  i was thinking in getting a canon 750d since it 's the entry level with the best quality i think . 
  if not the 750d what do you recommend ? 
  i would like to spent up to 1000 $ ( i 'm in europe ) . 
  i would like to film atleast 1080p 24fps and would like to have a mic . 
  not sure if boom or mic attached to the camera . 
  i 'm still undecided on that stuff . 
  i need some help . 
  also , what do you use to edit ? 
  i use sony vegas for some stuff but i know probably not even the basics . 
  thanks !, 
  but does n't the boom mic connect to the camera ? 
  i 've read on the recommended cameras section of this subreddit that the 750d does n't have external mic input . 
  oh , that 's cool , thanks !, 
  are those some kind of those mics that they use on the office when they are far away ? 
  i do n't know what they are called . 
  `` in body '' mics ? 
  also , using this system how do you sync the sound and the footage ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks , will look into the panasonics . 
  how are the panasonics in term of mic/boom inputs ? 
  how do i should go about sound ? 
  thanks , will look into all of that . 
  do they use lavalier mics on the office in the far away shots ? 
  what 's his name ? 
  and that kid maverick vinalez .
