  now , i just have to find where dittos spawn and catch the rest . 
  thanks man . 
  but then [ pinkman will kill gale and then gus will be pissed and kill that guy that never talks , just to send a message . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  he did n't know about that yet , atleast that 's what i thought . 
  okey , thanks . 
  by the way , now i 'm trying to do [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ng8hcc29vg ) , have you ever tried it ? 
  i got an ivysaur and an exeggutor , level 7 and 1 , did the exp thing , but exeguttor got 17 exp i think and only leveled to 2 . 
  let me know , thanks . 
  pikachu is awesome !, 
  do n't worry . 
  it happens to me aswell . 
  you 're correct . 
  maybe he killed him because he was seen , maybe he killed just to send a message of what he is capable of doing , like killing a person that has done nothing wrong , just to show how unemotinal and disconnected he is . 
  `` i love you ! '', 
  `` i love you ! '', 
  `` i love you '', 
  `` i love you ! '', 
  `` i love you ! '', 
  `` i 10v3 y0u ! '', 
  * fuck this shit , too many . 
  never got it done . 
  ** audience laugh **, 
  yes , also johnny cash was going to perform the song with them and record it , but he died . 
  in live concerts they used to play til kingdom come and ring of fire . 
  i hate the extras over-the-top fake conversations . 
  always nodding and shit . 
  stop that !, 
  i sometimes think about this aswell . 
  so much life wasted , you spent most of your life sleeping and working , and if you earn the minimum wage , you wo n't have that much time to do other things , like travel and see the world and such , so in 365 days you only get like 10 days for you , maybe less , in hours , to enjoy and do the things you really want , care about and like . 
  i have never seen it , shut up !, 
  and they are still young , like lindsay lohan . 
  just stop listening to dubstep . 
  this happens to me too . 
  but i 've never worked out at a gym . 
  i used to play handball , and after the practice i was so fucking pissed i could n't hear anyone . 
  wonder why the fuck this happened . 
  fuck yeah batman !, 
  you are right !, 
  maybe you do , maybe you do n't ... 
  probably you do n't . 
  * i 'm sad , i 'm projecting . 
  no , he is me . 
  maybe we 3 are all the same person . 
  yeah , we are all friends , buddy . 
  can you elaborate on this please ? 
  i would like to know what kind of lies you have told and what not , and why . 
  6 ' 4 '' 154lbs , want to get to 200lbs , i am not even motivated to get out of the fucking chair , and waste 10 seconds doing 10 pushups . 
  i also wanted to start eating atleast 3 meals per day , one of them beeing breakfast , but i 'm too lazy or tired to wake up 10 minutes earlier to eat some oats and some toasts . 
  a sociopath is more likely to be very social and be around a lot of people , a sociopath will use people for its own benefit , so i think you may be asocial . 
  yeah , i do this too , but i 'm portuguese and i talk english to that person . 
  sometimes even around the house , i start to talk to myself or sometimes i try to do a joker impression or robert deniro or something . 
  but yeah , arguments with an imaginary person . 
  yeah !, 
  if you felt creepy , then check this out , http://82.238.79.127/anony/mjpg.cgi . 
  yeah , no shit god . 
  people are starving in here . 
  i have read somewhere else that i think someone laughed about a person using a pillow for support . 
  it kinda confused me . 
  is it stupid to use a pillow to support your head , when a girl is on top and you want to look at her ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i am a hypocrite !, 
  i just donate blood , because i get to drink chocolate milk before and after donating !, 
  fuck people who need blood , i want my chocolate milk !, 
  just kidding , do it . 
  also , chocolate milk . 
  i 'm with you . 
  after the ama , i 've tried not to hate woody harrelson , but shit . 
  today , i 've watched seven pounds again , he was in it , i was thinking , `` shit , this guy sucks . '', 
  even though , i like the movies , or atleast zombieland . 
  mayan calendar, 
  [ ] ( / okay `` oh yes baby , give it to me ! '' ), 
  i have ocd , never went to the doctor , do n't know why , i think i 'm afraid of going and saying i have ocd and a lot of anxiety , but whatever . 
  i just want to tell you this ,, 
   wash their hands, 
  i am now wasting 5 minutes of water washing hands . 
   flick light switches, 
  10 to 15 minutes per day . 
   lock doors several times, 
  i do n't do this , but i touch the door knob a lot of times before leaving the house . 
  i have lost the train a lot of times before due to this shit , i sweat , sometimes i had to run to the train and could n't relax . 
  when i 'm on the computer , on reddit , i open a tab like 6 times and close it and count `` 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 . '' . 
  ** just now i counted from 1 to 5 , 5 times to add the '' . 
  i do n't think it 's a very several ocd , atleast for now , since i waste 30 minutes to one hour per day with ocd . 
  but fuck anyone who says that has ocd and just likes to clean and organize their shit . 
  also , if you want to know what the fuck is ocd , see the obsessed series . 
  check chad , that guy wasted 10 hours one time due to ocd , he is now cured . 
  ocd is a serious disorder and if you know anyone that might have it , please talk some sense into that person , since i think meds and therapy could do wonders , even though i 'm not doing any of those , i advise it . 
  this is the main problem . 
  i do n't think i have the amount of money needed to buy all the food i need to ingest to get that 3k calories per day . 
  and since i 'm in school , i am not making any money to help at home with the groceries . 
  well , i do , and i do n't have time for a part-time . 
  i have classes from 8.30 am to 4.30 pm , if i go to the gym at 5pm , i will be done at 6pm , then it 's time to go home , browse reddit or study for a while and then sleep . 
  it 's very difficult for me to have a part time job , and even though it 's very difficult to get one at the moment due to the economy . 
  how many jars of peanut butter should i eat per week then ? 
  also , i need atleast 1000 calories per day , so 7000 calories per week . 
  eggs make me nauseated since it 's too early to eat anything that 's fried , nuts i agree , how much money do you waste on nuts per week and how much do you buy ? 
  my calorie intake at the moment per day is not more than 1500 . 
  at the moment , i never ever eat breakfast nor 200g pasta per day nor those 2 snack meals with 4 slices of bread with peanut butter , so , if i take 2.5 k calories per day , is n't that going to help me gain weight due to the fact that it 's almost the double amount of calories i have been taking each day for the past few years ? 
  yeah , i have a very hard time eating at the moment , i wake up and just do n't feel hungry to eat breakfast , so i just skip it .
