  what about 650d compared to the 600d ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks , 600d it is , what about extra batteries and `` moire , line skipping , fairly low resolution image ( resolves less than 1080 ) '' , quoted from the sidebar ? 
  nice , thanks , appreciated . 
  every day i get more depressed because i do n't have an elizabeth banks to myself . 
  see her interviews , she is fucking awesome , and hot , and pretty . 
  am i really depressed ? 
  or i ask friends to come to my house , and they say they do n't have 15 $ to spend on gas , while almost every month , i spend that to go see them . 
  and instead , they use those 15 $ on drugs and cigarettes . 
  fuck them . 
  i do n't know if this is depression or bipolarity , but whatever . 
  i get sad every few days , like really fucking sad , because i do n't like the way i look , and i 'm a guy , 6 ' 4 '' , but my nose and my chin fucking suck . 
  that 's probably why i 'm alone now , i do n't have self-esteem , and i get sad about it . 
  add that , my career dream that is almost unachivable . 
  due to my face , and due to being extremely hard . 
  i have a friend that does n't even want to pay 15 $ for gas to come to my house , so , that 's that . 
  even though i 've wasted more than a minimum wage salary in gas going there . 
  that movie and half nelson were so difficult to watch . 
  not because they are bad , but because they are so fucking tense . 
  that everything . 
  embrace it . 
  is it classified as a comedy ? 
  jesus , i thought it was a drama . 
  there are some scenes between ryan gosling and the doll that really required some acting skill , i was wondering if i could pull that off myself . 
  it 's the scene in the lake , in the end of the movie , that was fucking acting . 
  oscar worthy performance just for that scene , i do n't know if he was nominated or not , but that scene , jesus !, 
  i want to be an actor aswell !, 
  oh cool , have you studied anything ? 
  or are you going to film/acting school ? 
  i did a play 2 years ago , was the lead , was asked if i was a professional actor . 
  i want to go to film school , but i 'm thinking about it , because here in portugal , the industry sucks , and from what i 've been reading , a lot of people say that film school does n't teach you that much , it 's more of a network thing , you go to film school to build a network , and i do n't know if i want to do it in my country , because of that . 
  i 'd like to move to the us though . 
  i would , definitely , if i had a house there , or any mean to survive , i 'm not just going to parachute myself to the us , ny or la , i need some money to survive , otherwise i 'll end up in the streets , or having to get back here . 
  yeah , in the beggining of the game there is a scene where he has to laugh , and he laughs normally . 
  people just like to be pretentious . 
  yeah , somethings are bad , but that particular scene is n't , it 's the way they are supposed to act . 
  i 'm in yo face . 
  how the fuck do i do that ? 
  i have an rbg led i bought a few years ago , but it only flashes all the three colors at the same time . 
  can i be the director ? 
  maybe if oscar won a jack leo then he would pose as dicaprio nicholson . 
  only 90 's kids will , fuck it . 
  i really do n't care . 
  fucking awesome cartoons . 
  these are those times that i wish i lived in a house were i had a lawn so i could have so many fucking dogs , jesus , really , so fucking many dogs . 
  rob scheinder is ... 
  the kid who played minecraft ,, 
  and found a daddy !, 
  rated pg13 !, 
  wtf ? 
  i just saw that image , and i shed a fucking manly tear . 
  and i never watched that fucking episode . 
  why ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 've only been playing world of warcraft for the past 5 years , but what 's drm ? 
  so am i depressed because i 'm sad and i have no one to share this ? 
  i want to be flaming young, 
  do you really want to live forever, 
  not if you do n't have a good facial structure . 
  respect lost anyway because he did n't do the ama himself . 
  portugal , 98 octanes almost 2 $ / liter . 
  8 $ / galon . 
  3 months ? 
  i did 12 months . 
  unhappy , depressed , big nose . 
  it 's my life . 
  it 's now or never . 
  okey , it will be never . 
  so last one does rick cut governor 's tail ? 
  i actually really enjoyed last night 's episode , it had acting , and it clearly showed that only the governor wants to go to war , everyone else either wants it to stop or wants to join in forces and become only one group . 
  i read somewhere that it should n't go above 70\u00bac with the stock cooler , how were you running at 100\u00bac ? 
  it 's now at 65\u00bac at 105 % maximum frequency . 
  the thermal paste is just a circle in the cpu , not the complete full square covered . 
  what is the cooler you are using for having those temps ? 
  i paid 10 $ for the ticket , let me watch my miserables !, 
  i feel you . 
  all the millions a year are a fate worse than death , or cable . 
  without the upvotes please . 
  1.0 gigasecs later . 
  oh yeah , i got that , thanks , i was asking for both hands without upvotes , only . 
  i was just fired , my wife divorced me , my kids went to live with their grandparents , my dog was ran over by a car , my house burnt down , i do n't even know how i 'm on reddit !, 
  *** nsfw !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'd rather get up for a million . 
  a day . 
  i seriously need a rewatch . 
  their last season is next year . 
  and acting chops . 
  one, 
  how old are you ? 
  gui interface in visual photobasic that will check the ip of the cellphone triangulated before by the wifi hotspots that use nasa computers to track the enhancement needed to see the license plate that was screenshot in google earth . 
  how old are you ? 
  it was fucking hard to watch that movie , seriously , i do n't know if i did n't like the movie because it was bad , or because it was just fucking depressing . 
  i would act what you just said in a movie . 
  dude , i 'm such a big fan i ca n't even create a question to ask you . 
  because we can only like one girl at a time right ? 
  not two ? 
   ramsay talking with a lot of hand motions . 
  so fucking cool . 
  daniel day-lewis is best actor . 
  i understand both ddl and anthony hopkins .
