  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you, 
  respect . 
  we did it reddit, 
  we did it reddit, 
  we did it reddit, 
  there are times that you do n't even know what to do and the girl goes away because wtfjusthappened ? 
  2 years ago i did some acting shit , and this girl started talking to me and shit , it evolved to the point of her sitting on my lap , holding my hand , putting her hand on my pocket while holding hands , me putting my hands under her shirt , and nothing fucking happened . 
  i do n't think she wanted anything , and i never done anything aswell . 
  this is weird as fuck . 
  especially the, 
   respond to invitations to do things together with , `` yeah , we should get all the guys together and go ! '', 
  etc, 
  that would make me feel sad as fuck if i was interested in the girl , but oh well , life is life , and i 'm not going to complain because shit happens . 
  an orgy it is, 
  a barrier of fat . 
  they all do right ? 
  i wonder why i 'm still single . 
  i think i saw a bit of this on youtube . 
  10/10 , would laugh at how shitty it is again . 
  thanks , i read somewhere that stream might give some money , but have n't looked into it , and i do n't know if it 's true or not . 
  i 've read about bitcoins , but it 's not worth it because of the electricity that is wasted . 
  use mediahint.com , that 's what i use , and i 'm a portuguese using us netflix . 
  read my post . 
  i 'm 21 , and sometimes i want kids , and then i think , `` i 'm 21 and i do n't have a girlfriend . '', 
  and i 'm 21 and i do n't have a girlfriend . 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  i 'm 21 and i do n't have a girlfriend . 
  use mediahint.com . 
  despite the face that jaden smith does in every single picture since he hit puberty , the kid was kinda good in the karate kid . 
  what ? 
  you do n't like the taste of your new mommy ? 
  last christmas , so 6 months ago , i went to an uncle 's house for christmas , and he had 3 children , all boys , who are probably 4 or 5 / 10 and 13 , and we all hang out together playing soccer and other shit , and the middle kid said to me `` furyasd , i knew you were a good cousin . 
  '' , it 's one of those cringeworthy shit that kids say but they just meant it . 
  while my other cousins same age as me , were too cool to hangout with the younger kids , i was hanging out with the kids and having a good time . 
  my first girlfriend was at 16 , and it was the only one until now , i have been single for the past 5 years . 
  but yeah , traveling . 
  i 've been alone since i was 16 , so 5 years , i also have never done anything . 
  i 'm 21 and i do n't have a girlfriend . 
  `` new is always better , but not for windows 2000 , windows vista and windows 8 . '', 
  - barney stinson, 
  i like windows 8 , it was just for the sake of the the joke . 
  come on , i laughed . 
  it was a cool video . 
  says all the people on entourage . 
  entourage is awesome , yes , but none of them have that good of a career . 
  `` just do it . '', 
  - nike, 
  ima whip ma hair, 
  it 's like, 
  `` oh shit , that guy is ugly . '', 
  `` oh fucking hell , that 's me . '', 
  did she have [ lily collins ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v9yq6er.jpg ) eyebrows ? 
  now it 's the time to ask what i 've been thinking about for probably a week . 
  i think a relationship should be about sharing yourself and not changing yourself . 
  is this right ? 
  i say this because i 'm perfectly fine being alone , and i like to be at home reading reddit and watching netflix , but i would also like to share this with someone , but not actually changing myself and stop doing the things i love just because i now have someone to be with . 
  there 's nothing wrong , i like them . 
  it 's only in the us that that 's so-far held up . 
  portugal here , i had to go to court for something that 's does n't matter for this example , but the only thing the judge ask me was , `` do you swear on telling the truth and only the truth ? 
  '' , i said yes and we continued . 
  damn young lady that ass is fine , in my time we had to kill nazis . 
  yeah , when i watched that episode i was like `` damn . 
  '' , and then there was another episode and i looked at her chest and was like `` damn . 
  '' , she has a nice body . 
  and kids , that 's how barney met your mother . 
  happy birthday dog !, 
  what 's happening to this show is what happened to community , so i thought this subreddit would have some empathy , community is owned by sony , which also owns happy endings . 
  community has a very small , but very tight fanbase and it 's an underwatched show like happy endings , just thought you guys might relate , but i guess i was wrong . 
  whow !, 
  hey man , i read your comment , i do n't work in the industry , i would like to be an actor though , but you posted your picture on reddit , while talking really great about people , but others may be mad of what you said , and since you 've posted a picture of you it might get you in trouble . 
  i do n't know . 
   we learn to never make eye contact with an actor . 
  if you do , he is bound to blame you for looking at him and distracting them . 
  is n't that because they can forget their lines when you look at someone ? 
  also bale mocks the situation and himself , he talked about it last year or two years ago when he received the oscar for the fighter after melissa leo said shit while accepting her oscar . 
  fuck yeah , chris martin !, 
  my favourite band is coldplay , so i 'm glad to read this . 
  you should ask him if the cast of new girl is cool or not . 
  parkour !, 
  there 's an interview from a very well known portuguese actor , joaquim de almeida , who played the bad guy in fast five , that she acted weird , but she had a very nice ass . 
  tired , i 'm always tired physically , and tired psychologically because i ca n't take the complaints of my friends or the shitty drama that they create . 
  i prefer to be at home . 
  yeah , i had this colleague in high school who could bully anyone or say anything , even slap you or punch you in the face , and 5 minutes after everyone was being friendly to him . 
  i did the same shit and the only people i talk to from my class is my somewhat best friend now . 
  that colleague had girls always over him , had no problem making other friends , whatever . 
  me , if i criticized anyone or anybody , i would just lose a relationship . 
  that 's probably because my colleague is good looking and i 'm not . 
  i 've started to be like this when i started watching house , i just thought `` fuck it , say it like house says . 
  '' , oh so many `` friends '' lost and problems caused , but fuck it , i was honest . 
  this is what i wanted more people to understand . 
  here in portugal everything is blamed on the prime minister , which is i think the same position as barack obama , and everyone blames the prime minister , but the rest of the congress is never mentioned . 
  well , but atleast from what i see the people who say that are the people who are under educated and only shit comes out of their mouths . 
  you got mad as fuck . 
  not congress ? 
  what is it ? 
  parlament ? 
  i do n't know the exact word . 
  and it 's not a different opinion , it 's just that people blame everything that happens to one single person . 
  i guess this is the first console i 'll buy after playstation 2 and gameboy advance sp . 
  can someone tell me if the ps4 will be able to run ps1 , ps2 and ps3 games ~ ?
