  7 months later , but are you working out for aesthetics or strength ? 
  imagine a guy using chapstick since 11 years old , yes , that 's me . 
  due to anxiety , i tend to lick and bite my lips a lot and get them chapped and red and fucking hurts , i tend to use 1 to 2 chapstick things per month . 
  yeah . 
  no , this is my life !, 
  and if someone wanted to make a movie about it , i want michael cera to star in it . 
  `` michael cera is an awkward teenager who finds love for the first time . '', 
  sir , like you said , sir !, 
   you got ta grab that shit with a full hand grip like a goddamn wrench and then muscle it over your lips in a circular motion not giving a fuck about the actual shape of your lips 2 , maaaaybe 3 times and then shove that fucker back in your pocket . 
  michael cera, 
  and the bird too . 
  i ca n't sleep without chapstick , my lips get so fucking dry , that i get anxious about it and have to put it . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  wow , you are the first person that do the same thing as me . 
  how did you started this ? 
  they are n't that chapped that you see that it hurts when opening your mouth or something like that , it 's my anxiety , combining with dry lips , and me always biting and licking that makes me use that much chapstick , using chapstick makes my anxiety go away . 
  my nigga !, 
  yeah , it sucks , i get very anxious and if i get out of the house without a chapstick , i go back and get it . 
  well today , on one of the many class presentations we had along the year , the girl i 'm fond of eye fucked me the whole time she was presenting her shit , and this has been happening every time she is in front of the class , always me . 
  it was like eye sex , there was one time , we were looking at each other and i thought she was able to read my mind and that i had to look away , but i did n't . 
  yet , i do n't ask her out , because i 'm not 100 % sure if she likes me or not , because if i knew i would , but i do n't , which is if she does n't it would create a very awkward situation , and since i 'm socially anxious , it would end badly for me . 
  so , this goes both ways , but i do n't google it , i comment on reddit . 
  i think there are bananas in the money stand or something like that , i do n't know , i kinda blue myself in there . 
  hey , here you go . 
  this is a shake that if you drink it twice per day , it will give you 1680 calories . 
  breakfast and snack 2 . 
  really ? 
  that 's cool . 
  well , i do n't have a blender yet , so i 'm eating that shake , not blended , so , like it 's cereal , i cut the banana , add the yogurt , add some sugar and cinnamon , milk and oats and eat it . 
  yeah , also , add sugar and cinnamon for extra taste . 
  i was born in 1992 , i wish that girls my age would look like her . 
  atleast not in my country , or it 's just because i do n't go out my house . 
  yes , i did , since i do n't have that much money to buy bulking food , since i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs and want to get to 200lbs atleast , i had to think of something that was cheap and that would give a lot of calories , i thought why not adding the things that are the most cheap and have the most calories into only one thing and drink it ? 
  so , 400gr of oats here are like 60 cents of euro , a pack of 4-6 yogurts are like 1.50 $ / 2 $ , i think bananas are pretty cheap aswell , and 500ml milk is 30 cents of a euro , so 200gr per day of oats are 30 cents , 1 yogurt like 20 to 40 cents and milk 60 cents per day , that makes 1.50 $ per day for 1860 calories , with the rest of normal meals you have per day , you get to 3000 calories very easily and very fast . 
  once again , thanks . 
  let me know . 
  portugal . 
  thanks , i 've used it , but i ca n't register on netflix , anyone else having a problem with this ? 
  if i click on start your 1 month free trial it goes to the home page , if i click finish sign up , it stays on the home page , if i click on your account , it stays on the home page and if i add my card , it says a valid expiration date must be entered into the form . 
  nah , i use yogurts similar to these , http://i.imgur.com/vhpi7.jpg . 
  sir , this is the scariest moment of my life . 
  but in my house i can browse reddit !, 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm not even leaving the house , the place where the game is can come to me . 
  my nigga !, 
  i thought she said that because of her father that had died and she had to watch . 
  ah , the card is n't american . 
  thanks . 
  hey , can you share some of the videos or is it not allowed ? 
  perhaps it 's not , but if it is , share please . 
  as a 20 year old male , i always wanted to dress as edward scissorhands , but i do n't think my nose is too big to do it . 
  hey op , you are in high school , teenagers are stupid and immature , and for what i 've read you 've mature faster than most of the people in that school , those immature kids do n't think for themselves , they see an ad on tv and they say `` oh yeah , that 's true !, 
  '' , like they will follow cristiano ronaldo if he says that the power balance bracelet works , despite already being proven wrong that it does n't . 
  they will follow someone that seems to be in a higher position than other people . 
  just do n't care , if i was there , i would probably say the same thing as you , or atleast make questions that could make them feel uncomfortable for what they are doing . 
  your friends are fucking retarded , leave them , they are worth nothing , you stand up for yourself and for what you believe , if they ca n't accept that , fuck it . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** highschool kids ca n't think for themselves , and tend to listen to people that seem higher/famous/that have a little sad story that tends to not be true than others . 
  do n't listen to them and keep living your life . 
  it wo n't matter in a few years . 
  and that 's why i still use firefox , not chrome and also i do n't browse facebook , because these two support cispa . 
  in another post you said, 
   i 'm 5 ' 8 '' , ~ 190 lbs . 
  started at 5 ' 8 '' , ~ 155 lbs ( i did n't get any taller ) !, 
  all this weight was in 4 months ? 
  my nigga !, 
  monday , i drank a glass of water in the morning , i got gas and my stomach hurt like a bitch until i got home and ate lunch . 
  wtf is this ? 
  i 'm not lactose intolerant , because i can drink milk whenever i want , but at breakfast . 
  yet , as i said above , monday i drank a glass of water in the morning and got gas and my stomach hurt like a bitch until i got home and ate lunch . 
  hey , do n't do gomad as people might say , it can make you lactose intolerant and kidney stones , instead do these shakes i 'm commenting on people that want to gain weight . 
  here you go . 
  this is a shake that if you drink it twice per day , it will give you 1680 calories . 
  breakfast and snack 2 . 
  gomad will probably give you 2400 calories i think , if it 's 600 calories per liter , so 1 liter of milk here gives you 1680 calories , 320 less than 4 liters of milk . 
  if i talk with a girl , i get a boner , so . 
  doing what ? 
  go see the avengers when they are almost being pulled from the cinema , that way you will be alone and no one to make noise at the theater . 
  what are you studying for ? 
  do you need for speed drive around town ? 
  how long did it take to apply ? 
  i know that people in the tv/film industry can sit in the chair for more than a couple of hours to apply make up , ie : the zombies on the walking dead . 
  thanks , it was hard to watch , since there 's almost no dialogue , but stanley kubrick knows his shit , and this movie is a 8/10 , nice special effects . 
  have a good evening . 
  well , david fincher . 
  i 'm sorry for the goldfish . 
  and for the dog being ugly aswell . 
  ah , i hope you have good grades . 
  also , enjoy your peace of mind now , since it was your last final . 
  my nigga !, 
  fuck the police !, 
  i do n't like going out , loud music , dancing , interacting with people , so , you 're not a loser , or maybe we both are losers . 
  the thing is , i do n't have anyone to talk outside reddit , i have one friend that lives 20 miles from me , so i tend to be at home , yet , i 'm happy , because films . 
  how old was your fish ? 
  i remember my dad bought one , i think it was the first goldfish we 've bought , he lasted for i think more than 5 years , in those 5 years we bought more goldfishes to keep him company , they all died , but that first one was alive for that 5 year period , maybe more , tough fish . 
  well , you can say fuck the police while you 're at it . 
  alcohol was involved ? 
  did n't notice . 
  also , everyone is seeing the avengers , jesus , how is it ? 
  oh , i 'm 20 , i 'm fond of a 16 year old girl , talked to her a couple of times , but do n't know what to think about this , also , have n't made a move , because society and probably because i 'm a redditor who has n't had a relationship since i was 16 . 
  that 's cool , now go feed the fatty just a little bit more .
