  '' , but yeah , if that 's what you 're thinking , we both need to make a change for the better and become confident . 
  i had these two girls in my class , and the first time when i saw them , one was attractive and the other was meh . 
  i did n't even care , i just looked at the attractive one . 
  the meh tried to talk to me , and when she opened and her mouth and started talking to me , oh shit , the attractiveness scale went up . 
  why ? 
  personality . 
  she had a personality . 
  so not everyone is like that ( choosing attractiveness over something else , well , it 's your animal instincts i guess , but i ca n't explain that ) . 
  i know i was in the beggining , but i did n't even know her . 
  it 's like looking at girls passing on the street . 
  there 's the ones that are hot and then there 's the ones that you can fall for if they open their mouths despite being that attractive/hot or not . 
  i hope it 's not confusing . 
   so men will approach women who may be out of their league ,, 
  and you are really generally speaking . 
  this makes me think when i complimented out of no where the shoes of a classmate of mine , reddit told me to , and i wanted to see her reaction , she looked at me with a fucking face it was awkward . 
  well , never again . 
  what if were 4 fat girls ? 
  dude , i do this all the time . 
  i imagine bringing her home , having dinner with her , watching a movie with her , having wild sex with her , and whatever shit . 
  i think this is fairly common . 
  breaking bad in a few hours . 
  when did you started lifting and also , you started with that 4 day split or you started doing a thing like ss ? 
  if it was a 4 day split , when did you increased your weights ? 
  thanks . 
  on that lifting technique workout program what did you do ? 
  only compounds ? 
  does your answer apply to both sarcoplasmatic and myofribillar hypertrophy or just sarcoplasmatic ? 
  op , i 'm hijacking this , to tell you , that you made me have hope for the future . 
  i want to feel what your feels were felt you she said that to you . 
  you and musicalwatermelon . 
  not knowing the name of your son 's girlfriend . 
  let 's put some comedy in here . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spfgsbztdbm ) . 
  going to the beach is a real comedy . 
  there are some really comic sands right there . 
  i believe that was a joke . 
  i tried to do a chin-up today . 
  tried . 
  did a negative , switched to pull ups 3/4/3 . 
  i can do 3 pull-ups and 0 chin-ups . 
  what should i do ? 
  i thought that the bags were the money . 
  why ? 
  first because before jesse coming to the warehouse , walt and todd were going to dissolve mike 's body . 
  second , walt always saw jesse as his son , ie : walt jr. saying goodbye to walt , and walt saying `` goodbye jesse . '' . 
  third , he went to jesse 's house and they remembered what was like when they had the rv . 
  and , fourth , walt saw so much money when skylar showed him the rented garage that he knew he was done . 
  i 'll create a gui interface in visual basic , see if i can track the origin of your cancer and correct it by modifying my ip address with my notepad . 
  5 year old kid in a movie : `` mom , i love you , but despite all of these recent occurrences i feel that you may be feeling quite under the weather , i wonder if you need anything from me . 
  what can i do to help you ? 
  want to talk about it ? '', 
  5 year old kid in real life : `` mom , mcdonalds ! '', 
  i do n't think i saw him in that many movies , remember something from armaggedon , but anyway i saw him with craig ferguson on a the late late show special in scotland . 
  the guy was fucking awesome . 
  i do n't think i saw him in that many movies , remember something from armaggedon , but anyway i saw him with craig ferguson on a the late late show special in scotland . 
  the guy was fucking awesome . 
  i know that kids are n't `` mom , mcdonalds !, 
  '' , but , do you think they are a 50 year old man that went through a lot or that he is a vietnam veteran that has a lot of life experience and stories to talk ? 
  but kids can pickup words , i 'm just saying that they do n't have the intellectual to create what a writer writes . 
  i do n't remember this scene , but , fuck it , i 'll have to watch from the beggining of the show again . 
  so fucking great . 
  oh , okey , thanks . 
  i thought there were two shows because of matt smith and david tennant . 
  anyway , thanks . 
  will give it a look now . 
  thanks . 
  will give it a look now . 
  so should i start with the one with christopher eccleston ? 
  so should i start with the one with christopher eccleston ? 
  thank you . 
  will have to watch with english subtitles , since in my country no one has ever heard of doctor who . 
  thanks , appreciated . 
  going to watch this [ first ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rose_ ( doctor_who ) . 
  i have no problem watching older stuff though , that 's why i asked the question in what season should i start first . 
  2001 : a space odyssey is a very good film and was shot in the 60 's . 
  anyway , thanks . 
  and you get free food on sundays aswell . 
  you 're back . 
  man , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you say your nose is big , you have n't seen mine . 
  yeah , you and me the same . 
  if i see a nose that 's not on hollywood default terms , i actually like it . 
  i just do n't like mine . 
  i actually dig her whole . 
  yeah . 
  i have a bad side profile aswell . 
  let me tell you , if i had a good profile , i would talk like horation caine everytime . 
  you are doing * god 's * work ? 
  for people who are blind and have text to speech . 
  100 % of people that read this will die . 
  what was/is your height/weight ? 
  and what routine did you use for hypertrophy ? 
  and it was a 3 day only split ? 
  ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ matter ; ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ a ^ ^ lobster, 
  20 years here . 
  i actually have no problem in talking to people that talk to me , and laugh with my friends and have a good time , yet , i have anxiety and wo n't ask a girl out because of the fear of rejection or being mocked , but 90 % of the time i want to be alone , or being like op 's post . 
  i wonder why is that . 
  is that really a thing ? 
  yes , the first season was n't the best . 
  it only gets better from there .
