  what ? 
  i just started playing it right now , and i sense a lot of people cheating , level 1 's always winning even though the questions are really really things coldplay almost never talk about . 
  [ i just got this . 
  i would prefer is chris sang . 
  it 's cool when he harmonizes . 
  they are really nice . 
  fucking charlie brown ending piano is beautiful as fuck . 
  i 'm tearing up !, 
  fucking awesome really . 
  it 's like `` sup ? '', 
  [ for anyone who does n't want it mirrored ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5ldyvrrdgy ) . 
  i laughed . 
  what is this ? 
  where can i check this ? 
  i want to check the volume available for purchase , but i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i just can not understand where i can see the volume that there is available for purchase . 
  thanks . 
  i just can not understand where i can see the volume that there is available for purchase . 
  there the 39 satoshi price , then 1btc worth , then 40 satoshi price , then 7btc worth , then 41 satoshi price and then 14btc worth . 
  is this it ? 
  thanks . 
  i know some exchangers . 
  i just wanted to know where i can check how much volume there is to be bought . 
  got it , thanks . 
  10/10 , i do it all the time just like he does . 
  actually , my girlfriend tells me i have the same mannerisms as him . 
  maybe it 's because of all the live performances i 've already watched . 
  that 's not him saying `` da furst time you try da brown hair , you like , ahhh fak '' , i wan na see it . 
  the emails that are getting caught in the trash/spam folders are emails like `` welcome to our company , this is your email and your username . '', 
  or `` you have changed your email to email@email.com '' . 
  we are a bitcoin/dogecoin mining operaton , we have a software that you can use and generate revenue for you and we have hash rental plans . 
  thanks . 
  thanks for the link , but i do n't have time to read about it , i just need a fix for it . 
  can you help me ? 
  i need to find someone who can fix this for our website , of course since it 's a service we are going to pay for it . 
  thanks . 
  if you do remember tomorrow , please message me . 
  thanks . 
  here you go ,, 
  thanks . 
  we actually need a lot more than 10000 emails a month , we need more like 300k emails a month , they all need for us to contact them for more than 10k emails a month . 
  i just want to pay and be done with it . 
  thanks though . 
  he never makes mistakes !, 
  thanks . 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  i know . 
  but why did she nominated chris martin ? 
  [ here 's a hq version of the song . 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/ddcsyktsqu4ct1s/coldplay%20-%20spies%20%28alternative%20version%29.mp3?dl=0 ), 
  i feel like coldplay are some of my best friends from a very long time . 
  i 've only started to listening to coldplay seriously in 2008 , after a breakup , i had downloaded viva la vida or death and all his friends and life in technicolor as an intro was brilliant and i cried like a bitch listening to that . 
  then i download the entire discography and listened to it , and just loved it . 
  chris martin is like a very close friend of mine to whom i relate a lot and has made me laugh and cry . 
  just like jonnys guitar , guys bass and wills drums . 
  they all speak to me and it 's like a family . 
  thank someone that coldplay exist and that i have chriss ' voice to soothe me every single day of my life . 
  it 's fucking beautiful . 
  you should try - low, 
  what you think , is not always what is right . 
  there are different perspectives from everyone . 
  and if you stop and think , you know that that is true . 
  in the beggining of the song , you are afraid of spies because you ca n't touch them , no , because they are spies , and might hurt you . 
  in the end of the song , you are not afraid of the spies because you know that they are spies ( the function or ability of a spy , is to watch , never do anything else ) , they wo n't and ca n't touch you , no , and you are able to sleep again . 
  the lyrics are messed up . 
  both . 
  at the same time . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ jennifer ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ lawrence, 
  i want everything !, 
  i want everything !, 
  my hands are sweating !, 
  my hands were sweating all day !, 
  also , there are atleast 4 videos of her . 
  full album is 64 files . 
  please lord , as an atheist , i pray to you , make this come true !, 
  made me laugh too , it was nice to read . 
  i wanted to quote the entire article , but here 's the stuff that made me laugh the most ,, 
   martin does n't speak for the entire band , though . 
  drummer will champion points out , `` i 'm actually a huge fan of the band . 
  i like all of our songs . 
  i just did n't sleep much the night before because i was so excited about being in coldplay . 
  and i think i had a bad pear for breakfast . '', 
   i 'm with chris , '' says lead guitarist jonny buckland . 
  `` we just do n't really do anything for me . 
  and to be completely honest , for that first year , i thought i was actually in radiohead . '', 
  you know what , in the street someone is playing , right now , at this moment , fix you . 
  what a fucking coincidence . 
  i know that chris gets all the attention , but coldplay without jonny , guy and will will not be coldplay . 
  i hope they do n't break up soon . 
  link does n't work anymore , was it rehosted somewhere ? 
  it could have been a really great race with a battle between rossi and marquez . 
  poor dude , honda had a bit of a problem there . 
  really happy for rossi , but i think it could have been a really really great race today . 
  it sucks . 
  as a motogp fan , i really do n't care who wins , despite being a hardcore fan of valentino rossi , i just want to see competition and great battles , and really good fairplay and friendlyness . 
  it 's - a great-a to see rossi win , but fack , it-a sucks for-a marquez , he 's - a cool guy !, 
  coldplay has helped me with this . 
  what was all that about ?
