  i 'll have a 1 week experiment , eating 3000 per day and see if i gain any weight , if not up the calories . 
  those tiny arms make magic . 
  if i saw you on the street , i 'll probably glance and try not to make eye contact because you 're so damn cute . 
  she is the kind of woman that would intidimate me , and i would n't even be able to look her in the eyes because i would always be thinking that she is cute and i 'm ugly as fuck , and she is judging me every second and that i suck . 
  do n't too many bananas a day make people constipated ? 
   500 grams of protein, 
  that really looked like / fit / . 
  it 's the same , or i 'm getting the wrong kind of protein . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bulkpowders.co.uk/whey-protein-isolate-90-instantised.html ) it 's 50 $ for 2.5 kg . 
  damn nigga , i wish there was a subway in my country . 
  yeah country . 
  also there is no mcdonalds in my city , there is no fast food joint in my city . 
  yeah !, 
  how many calories do you have to eat per day ? 
  thinking of doing stronglifts . 
  i ca n't buy from costco , i 'm european . 
  thanks anyway . 
  i 'm portuguese . 
  i know for a fact , that i gain muscle very easily , or at least it seemed 2 years ago , i think it 's called `` noob gainz '' , when i was 17/18 , i started to play handball again , and i started to lift , like 1 or 2 days a week , but i did n't knew anything , and did only `` curlz '' , a friend of mine who was playing at the moment with me , told me my arms increased size , not much , really not much , but they did , so probably you are also the same way , since i 've read that in the beggining `` noob gainz '' are a huge improvement . 
  yet , gaining weight with just eating , yes , it 's difficult for me , like it is for you . 
  yeah , oats do n't give me the protein , but give me the calories . 
  a 500ml shake , with milk + oats + banana + yogurt give me around 900 calories . 
  i was thinking in doing stronglifts , because the exercises are easier , ss has power cleans . 
  the link you gave is isolate . 
  anyway , i got it , yeah , it 's # 40 for 5kg , yet i checked the shipping costs , and it goes to # 60 , so it 's probably cheaper to buy inside the country . 
  thanks for the links man . 
  never saw this in portugal . 
  yet , it 's stated that exists in portugal . 
  maybe in the capital , not here . 
  wtf is this ? 
  and where do i buy it ? 
  edit : 100gr are 106 calories . 
  not that much . 
  or my source is wrong . 
  `` we kill the batman '', 
  `` why have n't you done it already ? '', 
  `` if you 're good at something , never do it for free '' . 
  probably , yes , i did n't want to waste any money on weight gainers because they last for maybe 2 weeks , and then there goes 60 $ each 2 weeks . 
  it 's a lot . 
  never ate breakfast since i 'm alive . 
  sometimes do n't eat lunch . 
  sometimes do n't eat dinner . 
  sometimes do n't eat nothing at all during the day . 
  it would probably make your day , and make my life miserable , since you would n't smile back , and then i would go think about it for a week and ask myself `` why did n't she smile back ? 
  maybe because i 'm a creep . 
  well , back to reddit . '', 
  people suck . 
  let 's talk seriously for a bit . 
  when i was in highschool , in the 10th grade , there was this girl who smiled at literally everyone and everything , i kinda started to like her because she smiled a lot , then i discovered she made out with a guy while smiling at me , i stopped smiling at her . 
  maybe that 's why . 
  maybe someone really likes you , but does n't smile to you anymore , because they know they ca n't get you . 
  that 's life , back to reddit . 
  but yeah , generally , the world sucks . 
  at the moment , i 'm not eating enough to gain weight . 
  if i eat 1500 to 2000 calories per day , is exagerating . 
  it 's really hard to eat . 
  and now that i discovered how to blend things , i thought i would be able to get to 3000 calories without no problems . 
  i was wrong , when i blend milk + oats + yogurt + banana it just gets foam and tastes bad , it would have been like 1000 calories per shake . 
   how do you make out with somebody and smile at somebody else at the same time ? 
  if it is literally , i do n't know , if it is figurativelly , i do n't know either . 
  being nice to someone can be bad to the person receiving something , because everyone can think of another thing you are n't thinking in giving a smile or a hug , or whatever , i 'm just giving an example . 
  after knowing that something ca n't be achieved , people get bitter and cut relations . 
  atleast that was what happened to me . 
  yet , a few months later a colleague of hers , that i had never seen looking at me or smiling at me , started talking to me and we dated for a bit . 
  i do n't believe in karma or any other magical shit outside reddit , but yeah , karma . 
  i 'm sorry if i was a bit angry , just sharing something , but yeah i would smile at you if i ran into you . 
  weight gainers are expensive and only last for a couple of weeks , it 's like 60 $ every two weeks . 
  it 's a lot of money to spend , when the gym costs less than 40 $ per month . 
  yeah , i think cutting the servings in half will help a lot . 
  how many calories per half serving ? 
  because if i can get 3000 calories with normal food , if the gainer gave me 500 calories , it would improve a lot . 
  you were a guest star on house . 
  how was to work with hugh laurie ? 
  congratulations on the movie fat kid rules the world . 
  yup ? 
  tell me who invented time . 
  and if there was nothing before big bang , what the fuck is nothing ? 
  is nothing really nothing ? 
  or is nothing really a thing ? 
  is nothing a thing but a thing is nothing ? 
  i have this image in my head , that before the universe existed there was like a black thing that was like , shit , i ca n't even explain it . 
  i thought it was :, 
  `` and scene . '', 
  potato , potato . 
  at the moment , i ca n't and it 's bothering me . 
  i went to the doctor and i asked him something for my anxiety . 
  he said `` okey , i will give you some natural pills from a valerian root . 
  '' , i said okey , and started to take them . 
  today i had a presentation in a class . 
  i took 4 x 45mg in less than 5 hours . 
  nothing happened . 
  i want some zoloft or any other shit that can numb me . 
  i went to the doctor and i asked him something for my anxiety . 
  he said `` okey , i will give you some natural pills from a valerian root . 
  '' , i said okey , and started to take them . 
  today i had a presentation in a class . 
  i took 4 x 45mg in less than 5 hours . 
  nothing happened . 
  i want some zoloft or any other shit that can numb me . 
  i have a lot of anxiety , and when i say a lot , is a lot , i do n't even leave the house or make a phone call , because of the anxiety .
