  thank you . 
  thank you . 
  someone shares the same ideals as me . 
  in my philosophy class people looked at me because i said that i would n't do it . 
  also , i said that i would kill my wife and baby , if my wife was in a coma and she was pregnant with a baby , that would cause me long term problems . 
  everyone just looked at me and asked me `` are you being serious ? '', 
  i said `` yes . '', 
  people were shocked . 
  the disabled question was brought by me to a female colleague that was asking me why would i kill my wife and baby if they were in a coma . 
  i asked her what she would do if she had a disabled baby , and that would make her miserable in a long term ( ie : until the end of her life ) and that she would have to drop everyone , career , friends , everything . 
  she said she would do it and that she would love the baby even more knowning that it was disabled . 
  i simply replied , `` that is all , thank you . '', 
  i 'm seeing where you are going , the thought of your child not being happy is what makes you unhappy . 
  i get it , i 'm 20 , i do n't have children , so i ca n't discuss that , but i 'm certainly that when you have a child , their happiness comes first and yours comes after , i do n't doubt that , if a father had to kill someone or something that is bother is son he would do it , and if you did n't / do n't have to give up on your personal life/career , i do n't see that as a huge problem , yet as i 've mentioned , you have the normal parent way of thinking , if you could end the pain of your child , you would , every parent would . 
  or just call her grammar if you really want to insult her . 
  i do n't know how you are able to dick around on the internet before work . 
  i tried to do this before school , i just get anxious and uncomfortable . 
  that 's why i do n't comprehend life . 
  if the only things i do are work and sleep , how the fuck am i going to be happy ? 
  and , credits . 
  the apple network . 
  so that 's why . 
  no chin and no defined jaw line equals youngness . 
  the epiphany was big after i saw your image . 
  we get frustrated because they play games instead of getting a girlfriend or a job when we are controlling them through a game . 
  i think i need to go back to school and start to go to the soup kitchen and help poor people , i need to donate money to charity . 
  this is reddit , you need to know how to take a joke . 
  that 's why you are being downvoted . 
  not by me , though , i think you are so insignificant that i do n't even bother downvoting you . 
  and it will probably never end . 
  i have to ask you , i have low self-esteem about whatever , i am underweight for my height , 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , and my face is n't that great , probably because i do n't really like my nose and got told a couple of days ago that i have a jew nose . 
  going from 165lbs to 200lbs , will i get noticed more ? 
  or is that just a thing for guys who are good looking ? 
  because people tend a lot to say `` oh , he is ugly , he is just trying to compensate being muscular . 
  '' , but if is a good looking guy , people say `` oh , yeah , that 's nice . '', 
  what is your take on this ? 
  people tell me , or my friends tell me i 'm good looking , yet i have a jew nose . 
  there are actors with jew noses that are good looking , but the thing is i was never that noticed , and got the `` wow . '', 
  thing people used to do with a friend of mine who worked his body . 
  so i was wondering if it was just a face or body thing , that he was treated differently like this thread is all about . 
  in my group of friends , me and a couple of another were always the ones who no one noticed , while my friend that had a built body and a good face was noticed more . 
  and the whole conversationalism thing , i can do it , but as i said , i never get the `` wow . '', 
  thing , you , girls , use to do , probably because i look like a 12 year old kid while i am 20 . 
  it 's okey . 
  i get told what you are telling me all the time . 
  `` you 're fine , forget about it . 
  fuck you ! '', 
  `` do something about it ! '', 
  people try to make me happier and make me make me happier , but i got told sometimes that i was not good looking , so it kinda stuck on me . 
  thanks anyway . 
  that 's why i want to study film and tv and ca n't because it 's not a secure job in my country and i probably would n't earn that much money doing it . 
  i feel you bro . 
  i read it somewhere that it was n't per year , but in your lifetime . 
  i read it somewhere that it was n't per year , but in your lifetime . 
  i read exactly the opposite . 
  if a person that is talking to you looks away from your eyes , it is more likely that that person is lying . 
   that 's why people look so intently into your eyes when they lie , because they believe this and are focusing on it , rather than the lie itself . 
  what i think aswell . 
  so , we have to get to a middle term on that , while wandering and looking so the lie is reliable . 
   i 've also heard that the direction you look in can indicate whether you are recalling something or fabricating it . 
  i think , left side is remembering and right side is lying . 
  but do n't quote me on that , i do n't remember that well . 
  wtf op , why are you reading my mind ? 
  maybe it 's because i 'm lonely . 
  i just fucked up . 
  i 'm 20 , and went back a year to high school , because i wantead to get a better , i think you call it , gpa ? , i 'm european , so i do n't know how to call it . 
  i just procastinated the whole year , as i 'm used to do , every single fucking year , and i fucked up , for the first time in my life , i failed the year . 
  so , now i have to work . 
  i went to college for a week , but i left because i did n't like the major , and could n't change because of my shitty gpa from high school , that 's why i went back to high school in the first place . 
  so , now i failed and do n't know what to do . 
  so , i have two or three choices , or do it all over again , and i 'm not in a position of doing that , because i 'm old enough to have a job or be in college . 
  i 'm not going to college because i do n't want to study anything but film/tv . 
  i 'm not going to study film/tv , because i wo n't find a job in that field in my country . 
  and if i go to work , that will be the start of the rest of my life , earning the minimum wage . 
  i have no girlfriend , i have a few friends , but they live 20 miles away from me , and i ca n't see them every day . 
  i have no fucking clue what to do . 
  right now , it 's summer vacations , but i ca n't even enjoy them because fuck my life , that 's why . 
  thank you for reading . 
  i do n't know about you . 
  i have ocd and general overall crippling anxiety . 
  yeah . 
  what about you ? 
  and you 're probably not ugly . 
  i went back to high school this year to study biology and chemistry , and i failed for the first year in my life , i have to repeat the year . 
  there is night school , but it 's not as good as the day school , so it probably wo n't work , i want to gather knowledge and grades , not just grades . 
  i am embarassed because i have no clue on what to do with my life right now . 
  like working out and gaining weight , or are you talking about professional money making life supporting achievements ? 
  `` you know what i am do n't you ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  `` say it . 
  say it out loud . '', 
  `` a vampire . '', 
  now turn it to 50 shades of grey . 
  `` you know what i am do n't you ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  `` say it . 
  say it out loud . '', 
  `` you 're a sex addict . '', 
  `` yes i am , let 's go have sex . '', 
  is it something like this ?
