  70 million dollars in the last pirates movie . 
  jesus fucking christ , what i would do with that money . 
  probably a bunch of indie movies starring ryan gosling and emma stone and jennifer lawrence . 
  ryan gosling starred in a lot of indie movies , jennifer lawrence aswell , emma stone is just emma stone . 
  it was nothing like wow . 
  i really only meant indie films , but since i know reddit i knew the `` people having sex '' joke would appear . 
   indie films, 
   shitty movies, 
  not me . 
  oh yeah , i forgot , i mostly listen to my music on the computer , aswell watch films and tv shows , and i do n't have a sound card , only the 5.1 onboard sound , so if you have any sound cards recommendations i would appreciate them aswell . 
  do n't worry about me listening to better music , i know reddit hivemind is to hate coldplay , but i do n't really care , i 'm just asking for some recommendations . 
  thanks . 
  ah thanks for all the help , i appreciate it . 
  a friend of mine was actually interested in buying the hd 558 or the hd 598 , he ca n't decide though , i was thinking in buying one of them aswell , but between those two and the akg q701 , what do you think ? 
  the akg q701 seem to have a better design , the hd 598 are ugly as fuck , but they are better i would probably go with the hd 598 . 
  about the sound cards , i do n't know much about them , i do n't know what they actually do and what is the use for them , i do n't even know about amplification except when it has to do with guitars , and i do n't know that much about that either , i also have some 5.1 logitech speakers i bought a few months ago , but the bass with the onboard sound is n't that good , so it 's been some months that i wanted to buy a sound card . 
  anyway , i 'll probably go with the hd 598 if they are better than the akg q701 , and there is n't anything better than the hd 598 at the moment . 
  thanks , appreciated . 
  about the budget , what do you have in mind ? 
  genre 's , mostly coldplay genre , indie rock / psychedelic rock / alternative rock . 
  third question it 's fucking hard to answer , and that 's why i love coldplay so much , because everytime i listen to their music , i find something new in them , a vocal that i could n't hear with my headphones and i can only hear with my speakers , a guitar effect that i can only hear with my headphones but i ca n't with my speakers , it depends on what music i 'm listening to and what my mood is . 
  so that question is impossible to answer , because every music is different . 
  thanks for the help . 
  dibs were implied for me . 
  source : ted mosby on how i met your mother . 
  thanks for the help , but that 's almost a 50 % increase on my budget , and i 'm not sure i 'm able to do that , but i really appreciate your help , the 4 . ai really made an impression , but jesus fucking christ , are n't they expensive . 
  also , as i mentioned on the op , i 'll also want to watch films and tv shows with this , what will the experience be like ? 
  but the price , even the westone 's are a bit more expensive than i would thought you had in mind , and since i 'm not american , the price would go up because of shipping plus custom fees . 
  these are impossible to get in the europe . 
  thanks for your help though , but if i do the math , the 4 . ai shipped from the us would cost me probably more than 500 $ , and that 's just too much . 
  thanks . 
  really ? 
  i talked to a person today that for the past week electricity goes out for some hours , and i would like to know if this is true and why . 
  yeah , i was talking to that person on msn , and suddenly goes offline , well , that 's fucked up over there . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  nice cooler there , is it noisy at max speeds ? 
  so i would need to buy different coolers/fans ? 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  i would probably waste a lot more money because i would have to order , so i could probably go with a cooler up to 100 $ / 150 $ . 
  the thing is at the moment , the only audible thing on my computer are my hdd 's , and i want to keep it that way , it 's very silent at the moment , and when i change my hdd 's to a ssd and a 1tb hdd , i want it to be very quiet , and my tuniq tower 120 is always running at 1000rpm because it will get fucking loud if i change it to 2000rpm to overclock . 
  so , a little noise is not acceptable , i want no noise whatsoever . 
  thanks for the help though . 
  yeah , i was thinking that also , because i want to put atleast 32gb on my motherboard , and i was thinking that these coolers take a lot of space . 
  that 's what i want . 
  thanks . 
  i was actually thinking in getting the fractal design r4 , so that 's that . 
  internetzone, 
  this is action right here . 
  thanks for the help . 
  as a non electrical engineer , or engineer of some sort , are there any risks while changing a gpu/cpu/ram or any other component from the computer ? 
  as a non electrical engineer , or engineer of some sort , are there any risks while changing a gpu/cpu/ram or any other component from the computer ? 
  please , this is mine , http://i.imgur.com/wa35i.jpg , it 's only 550w though , but please , i only need one , not two like you . 
  do you even psb ? 
  i bought a sapphire hd 7950 vapor-x with 2 fans . 
  what now ? 
  i 'm 20 , 1 month away of 21 , age that i can take my motorcycle license , and i keep seeing all these videos of people dying while driving a motorcycle , i saw marco simoncelli dying in the 2nd lap of a race on motogp , it was some years ago , but does n't matter , now i see two people dying while just sitting in their bikes . 
  i think the universe is trying to tell me something . 
  gosh darnit . 
   i went from community college to a university . 
  i went from having been single my entire life to now having a girlfriend . 
  my family and friends do n't resent their relationships with me . 
  you will be a better person for being able to drive . 
  jesus fucking christ , you ca n't be serious . 
  i 'm almost 21 , got license when i was 19 . 
  you can guess the rest . 
  could you link that to me please ? 
  these are technicalities that i do n't know what they are and i will have to read about them , thanks . 
  what is the monitor you are using now ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks , i 'll look into it , by the way , any comments on the monitor i linked on op ? 
  ips are the double of the amount i was thinking in spending , that 's why i asked what i should look on a monitor , because if it 's really worth it , i 'll have to take a look into it . 
  thanks . 
  i 've never seen an ips monitor , so i do n't know what it is like , i do n't even think it already hit the stores here in my city in portugal , so i would have to order it from amazon , but i 'll look into it , if that gives me a better film and tv shows experience then i think it 's worth spending a little more . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll be 21 in a month , i hope i spend it watch how i met your mother or any other tv show i 'm watching at the moment . 
  you drive a subaru impreza . 
  you are now my friend . 
  my dad has one since 1999 . 
  it is so fucking nice to drive that car . 
  i do n't , since the human eye only can see up to 60 fps 's from what i 've been told / read , i just want to know that my gpu is running as it should . 
  i had a x1550 until yesterday . 
  i 'm running at 75hz at the moment . 
  thanks . 
  how long does a ups last ? 
  a friend of mine knows a person from pakistan who has n't been online in two days , i 'm not sure a ups can last that long . 
  i still have n't quite discovered what aa does . 
  but you say probably , so , do you think it could be something else ? 
  i have a tuniq tower 120 which is currently running at 900rpm because i like silence , but yeah , i could try overclock it to see what happens . 
  i hope they extend their google hq , or atleast their fiber to portugal , or fuck it , extend it to the whole europe . 
  because downloading at 795kb/s in 2013 is not that good . 
  we do it non-profit . 
  ^ we ^ care . 
  [ 30 $ ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/2445277540.png ) / month , zon , portugal . 
  i 'm already [ depressed ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/2445277540.png ) , i saw that . 
  i 'll probably kill myself . 
  `` google open the bathroom door , google please prepare me a bath , google put some music . '', 
  `` done sir . '', 
  `` yeah google you rock ! '', 
  `` thank you sir ! '', 
  voice commands .
