  as in instead of payouts through btc , payouts with ltc . 
  as in instead of payouts through btc , payouts with ltc . 
  jesus fucking christ , why is everything so difficult ? 
  i should n't have eaten before going to the gym , i 'm feeling so nauseous , i want to throw up . 
  why am i so tired ? 
  why am i only lifting 80lbs on bench press ? 
  why the fuck am i curling 15lbs ? 
  everything hurts , i was n't born to lift , i should be at home browsing reddit . 
  but now , seriously , now that i 'm home , it 's kinda great . 
  i missed this shit . 
  fucking going back friday again . 
  i just got back a few days ago , and saw that doge was really valuable , so i opened my wallet , sent 38k to cryptsy and then i started reading about forks and updating the wallet , so i updated the wallet from the december version to 1.4 . 
  now , it shows this http://i.imgur.com/a9b3cvq.png, 
  there is no fix for this right ? 
  i do n't have a 15 december or previous to this transaction wallet backup . 
  i just lost 80 $ , oh well . 
  i 've registered in cex.io and put there 25 $ just to see what 's what , and after a week the price per gh has dropped , so i paid more than i would pay now . 
  does anyone know have any experience with cex.io that can explain to me if this is actually a viable as an investment through cloud mining or am i just being `` scammed '' ? 
  i have a 7950 on my computer , but if i mine at maximum intensity i 'm not able to use the computer at all , so i wanted to know if it 's possible to create a vm with windows/linux inside and connect the main gpu to the vm and use the igp on the computer ? 
  if yes , how do i connect the gpu to the vm after installing everything ? 
  thanks . 
  just imagine . 
  what do you think ? 
  asic 's are a problem for us ? 
  7950 or r9 280x ? 
  which one is better ? 
  i have a sapphire hd 7950 3gb vapor-x oc that gets me 620kh/s , i just ca n't overclock it that much , probably because i have -- auto-fan on my . bat , but i 'm happy with it . 
  on the litecoin hardware comparison list , the r9 280x gives 752kh/s @ 1070/1500 , so i do n't know if it is overclocked or not . 
  i have a xfx 550w psu , so i might need a new one . 
  and how hard is to setup 4 or more cards in one motherboard using 1 psu ? 
  can anyone help me ? 
  thanks . 
  i have a 7950 running on a xfx 550w , but i 'm going to add more gpu 's so i need a new psu . 
  can anyone help me ? 
  i want a future proof psu that lasts me for the next few gpu additions to my miner . 
  even though the options on afterburner are checked for `` unlock voltage control '' and `` unlock voltage monitoring '' , i still ca n't lower my voltage with afterburner or cgminer . 
  any idea on how to fix this ? 
  it 's been running at 1.125 v. 
  i have one 7950 , and i 'm using a xfx 550w , but i want to add 3 more gpu 's to my mining rig , but i need a good psu , can anyone recommend me one ? 
  thanks . 
  these are the gpu 's , http://www.sapphiretech.com/presentation/product/product_index.aspx?pid=2037&lid=1 . 
  should i buy them ? 
  a friend of mine has a 550w psu that he is willing to lend me so i can use my two new gpu 's . 
  i 'm thinking in using his to power my 7950 and the rest of my computer and use my xfx 550w to power the 2 270x , will it be enough ? 
  his psu is a lc green power 550w , which is shit , but it will have to do for now , so i 'm thinking in powering my computer with it , the xfx is really good and i 'm thinking in powering the 2 new r9 270x . 
  thanks . 
  i need to buy a new psu , but what are the differences between these two , i do n't know much about psu 's to know the difference . 
  what is happening ? 
  i 'm thinking in investing heavily in mining in a few months , and i would like to know how much energy would i waste if i build a farm that gives me 15000 $ / month at 120mh/s . 
  i 'm not that new with sony vegas , i used to be able to render normally even with other avi 's . 
  but now i ca n't render a mp4 to avi or wmv . 
  here 's the already rendered and converted video ,, 
  it 's getting me really annoyed and stressed because i need this for a project next week and i ca n't figure this out . 
  i would be really appreciated if i got any help . 
  thanks . 
  i have n't played pok\u00e9mon since pok\u00e9mon ruby on the game boy advance sp , so i do n't know what 's the best nintendo to play . 
  is it still nintendo 3ds ? 
  jesus christ , chris martin , this is beautiful . 
  every time i hear o , i cry . 
  and then i hear apple 's vocals and guy 's bass in the end , and it just fucking does it for me . 
  it 's like they know me so well , and transcribed my pain into a song . 
  o , every time . 
  i do n't even have anything to add to the discussion , but the bike is so beautiful . 
  i 'm 22 , and i 'm a bit late to motogp . 
  but good lord if the bike is n't attractive as fuck . 
  i just wish that rossi and marquez would race in the same team . 
  i would orgasm for seasons . 
  thanks and sorry . 
  i do n't know if this has already been discussed , but o is about chris ' wedding ring . 
  i have no arguments for this , but since the song never mentions o , but i think the only thing o resembles is a ring . 
  also , if you see the lyrics , the design of o is a ring , and i only discovered the design yesterday , have had this theory for more than a week now . 
  there 's this online mining ( bitcoin / dogecoin ) company that 's starting and they want me to be their power of attorney , they already asked for my id and now they want my address . 
  is it possible to have any sort of problem for being a power of attorney ? 
  i 've never done this before , i 'm 22 , and i do n't even know what being a power of attorney means . 
  the company is an offshore company in belize , the legal structure as i was told is that 's a eu company , and not uk , i 'm portuguese . 
  where can i buy 20btc worth of doge ? 
  i can not see how much doge there are on the exchangers . 
  can anyone help ? 
  thanks . 
  new to cs : go . 
  what are the drop rates for weapons ? 
  thanks . 
  what are other websites like chipmail and sendgrid ? 
  i have a website , but all the emails i 'm sending are getting on the trash/spam folders of email hosts like hotmail and yahoo . 
  atleast 300k emails/month . 
  i have a website , bitcoin/dogecoin mining operation , free software that generates revenue and hash rental plans , but all the emails i 'm sending are getting on the trash/spam folders of email hosts like hotmail and yahoo . 
  atleast 300k emails/month . 
  i want the hd one , not the ones on xhamster or something . 
  does anyone know who this is ? 
  cointellect, 
  i need and want to buy a ssd for my computer . 
  i 'm tired of waiting 15 minutes to reboot my computer and i actually do n't want to format it , i know it will be faster , but oh well , i just want a ssd to see how it is like and to actually finish upgrading to the newest generation . 
  i have 4 choices , i need help with these . 
  i 've already read about those , but i still ca n't decide , i need some help . 
  which one ? 
  i do n't game , apart from the casual wow or cs : go . 
  i however want to open files faster and turn the computer faster and reboot times . 
  i 'm tired of having to wait up to 5 seconds for a song to load or having to wait 10 seconds for a file to open because the hdd is thinking . 
  i want instant shit , is this possible with ssd 's by the way ? 
  thanks .
