  i only started watching motogp in the last 2/3 years , and i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  \\  implying chris martin is n't a fucking genius . 
  listen spies . 
  parece ser no optimus alive . 
  lisbon or oporto ? 
  it seems like optimus alive . 
  what a masterpiece . 
  i 'd like the chords to play this on the piano . 
  was n't tonto , johnny depp ? 
  great !, 
  yes . 
  but their sounds are very different . 
  discography by coldplay, 
  you do n't like the second coming of jesus christ that is marc marquez ? 
  what the fuck are you ? 
  a communist ? 
  i have a new 1tb from seagate , but i 'm running windows on a laptop hdd . 
  yet , the wow and cs : go are on the new hdd and are slow as fuck aswell . 
  maybe i 'm doing something wrong . 
  what are the differences between this one and samsung ? 
  she actually did . 
  she had a pretty face , it has nothing to do with being fat . 
  fat people can still be good looking . 
  you 're just not attracted to them . 
  you can see how happy chris martin is , and also how anxious he is by the way he behaves there . 
  fucking 20 year olds . 
  happy times !, 
  chris martin is a genius . 
  coldplay gets a lot of hate , but i think that this man is a genius . 
  i want anything by them on my funeral . 
  i 'm crying right now . 
  because my girlfriend tells me i 'm her first love , but 4 months before starting dating me , she lost her virginity to a guy she did n't even like because she said she felt lonely and had nobody and no friends . 
  i 'm 22 and i lost my virginity to her . 
  she says i 'm her first love , and she is mine , but this virginity thing does not let me love her 100 % . 
  and jesus christ do i love this girl . 
  i just want her for me . 
  she says that the only time she thinks about that guy is when i ask questions about her past . 
  since i have ocd , i can not let things go . 
  it 's fucking brutal knowing that if you had waited a few months , you would have lost your virginity to the love of your life . 
  thanks for the words . 
  it already ruined me . 
  completely . 
  lost 20lbs , got into , i think a depression , and went to the psychiatrist to ask for help for my ocd because i could n't take it anymore . 
  i cried for about 30 days non-stop because she is just so precious that i do n't want to think that she did that . 
  i ca n't for the sake of me let it fucking go . 
  almost a year into this , i know it 's not a lot of time , but i still think about it every single day , and it hurts so so much . 
  and regarding your husband , do n't worry about . 
  see ? 
  i can be logical towards other people relationships , but not mine . 
  the phone call thing was more a thing of `` jesus , let me call before any more shit happens , let me just finish this shit once and for all . 
  '' , i do n't see it in any other way . 
  atleast for me . 
  i have a little faith that there are good people in the world , you just have to observe sometimes . 
  i do have ocd , and i 'm being medicated for it , but it 's not working . 
  i just want to love her , or just leave her for good , i do n't want to live every single day of my life thinking that she could have been just mine , it 's shit to be honest . 
  well , atleast you are having a kid , so butterfly effect . 
  thanks for the kind words , i really appreciate it . 
  most people tell me that one of the reasons i got this over her is because i 'm inexperienced and she 's younger than me and already has experienced . 
  thing is when we both had sex for the first time , she was as inexperienced as me , so i noticed that what she did with the other guy was literally nothing . 
  it was n't even in a bed . 
  they never touched or kissed , to which i ask . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  i love her body , i have to touch her and kiss her . 
  maybe people are different than me . 
  so , add inexperience to ocd and you have a complete mix of brutal anxiety and paranoia , which i want to tackle but it 's very very difficult . 
  i 'm on 20mg of paroxetin , it never helped , and i 'm having shitty vivid dreams about her past . 
  i want to over come this , i just want to be happy . 
  i hope you have a fantastic life , i know how crippling ocd can be , and if you do have it , you deserve to be happy . 
  check my ocd . 
  it was 3 times , and she never orgasmed once , it took very little time , and they stopped twice in those 3 times . 
  the fucking guy only finished once , to what she says and she never felt the guy come . 
  well , she told me it hurt like a motherfucker , mine was `` well , i came , okey , is this it ? 
  too much social pressure on virginity '', 
  well , i would like to take her virginity , to which , after i lost mine i think it does n't exist and it 's just something that society created . 
  and she tells me , it does n't matter the first time , it really does n't , it 's nothing special , what matters is how many times i made her orgasm . 
  oh shit , did we just became best friends ? 
  i have the same thought process . 
  i asked her so many questions about shit i did n't want to know and did n't want the answer to , but i still listened to everything she said and even thought it hurt , it gave closure to a lot of stuff , yet i still have the same questions i had almost a year ago , that i already know the answer to and still ask her sometimes . 
  ah , i just got a new friend , and because of such a shitty situation . 
  jesus , 20 years ? 
  did that started with only your husband or other people you were dating ? 
  it is refreshing and a bit sad aswell , because we want to help each other and we know that our brain is the only thing that is fully controlling us and making have these shitty thoughts and making us feel miserable . 
  yeah , you too should pm me . 
  we just because best ocd friends . 
  ah , this is just sad , oh well . 
  i 'm boombox . 
  on coldplay . 
  i love this subreddit !, 
  yep , was going to say amsterdam or everything 's not lost . 
  those were recorded with a mic on the ground on a road , i think . 
  those were recorded with a mic on the ground on a road , i think . 
  that 's correct . 
  i think i read it on coldplay wiki or coldplaying.com . 
  that 's correct . 
  i think i read it on coldplay wiki or coldplaying.com . 
  and their live 2003 version includes, 
  too bad they are going away in december . 
  a portuguese woman . 
  jewish portuguese woman . 
  you can do it online .
