  marie get my fucking shotgun !, 
   robots as medics or waiters, 
  what the fuck do you think this is ? 
  ah , i laughed . 
  this just proves that actors do n't have it easy and that being a well known actor is n't just happyness and money . 
  i clapped at the end , went on imdb and rated 10/10 . 
  previously on ** l o s t **, 
  how the fuck do you do that ? 
  i have one router provided by my isp , but it stays in the living room , when i go to my room with my samsung galaxy s3 & # 153 ; or my dad 's acer & # 153 ; laptop , the signal is n't that strong . 
  what can i do ? 
  thanks . 
  and that 's why it was so awesome . 
   to program a router for repeating function , simply access it via your local network and navigate to the wireless repeating function page , at which point you may specify from which address the repeater will receive the signal you wish for it to rebroadcast . 
  is that a windows function or router admin function ? 
  i do n't have it . 
  me too . 
  fucking shit it was awesome . 
  tom hanks , you are awesome man , i have no questions , i just wanted to say you are awesome . 
  the real question is , should i start watching dexter or should i just rewatch breaking bad on netflix ? 
  homeland is awesome . 
  favourite show from 2012 . 
  sons of anarchy , did n't like the pilot that much . 
  oz , is it really 100 minutes per episode ? 
  that 's a lot . 
  already did , 6/7 / 10 , not that great of a show . 
  house of cards , 8/10 . 
  mad men , did n't really like the pilot . 
  i was younger when i tried to watch it . 
  game of thrones , season 3 was awesome . 
  stannis is a bitch and i hope daenerys wins everything . 
  well , atleast if we were friends in real life we would have something to talk about . 
  favourite tv character besides walter white and jesse pinkman ? 
  yeah , the only tv shows i watch at the moment are new girl and homeland . 
  come on , house was the correct answer , one of my favourite shows , so many feels with house . 
  i have n't watched the mentalist , i ca n't make myself watch procedural shows like csi , ncis , bones . 
  one of the reasons i did n't really watched dexter past the pilot , i thought it was going to be a procedural show like the rest of the other shows . 
  have you watched entourage ? 
  entourage is the best show for you to dream about the hollywood life you could possibly live , you should watch it because it goes by really fast , each episode is like 20 minutes , but it 's from hbo , so you have to ( illegally ) download it . 
  ah , jane lisbon , her name is the same name as the capital of my country . 
  i got my comedies figured out . 
  new girl , modern family , how i met your mother . 
  but if you know a good one , let me know . 
  dramas , i pretty much watched everything , but the ones people always talk about . 
  i do n't like always sunny , never watched curb your enthusiasm . 
  i wish i had friends . 
  wow reddit gold seriously ? 
  i did n't even want it, 
  wow such sky, 
  much high wow such rim, 
  such gold reddit much did it, 
  fedora much hat, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  wow such laughs, 
  much lol ca n't breathe, 
  will die much stop, 
  `` my name is asac schrader , and i 'm about to daaaaaaance ! '', 
  i 'm european , as in portuguese , and in portugal there are no stores to `` test drive '' these kind of speakers . 
  the difference between the bx5 's and the ms40 is 20 # , i 'm going to order them from ebay . 
  i do n't have a standalone subwoofer , at the moment i have these [ logitech speakers ] ( http://www.amazon.com/logitech-x-530-5-1-speaker-system/dp/b0002wpscg ) , i love the mid/highs the speakers produce , but the bass from the subwoofer is a bit muffled , so i always have it with a lower volume , because if i turn it too high , it wo n't be as good as it should , so my question is how good is the bass from bx5s ? 
  with the subwoofer turned to the lowest volume , i can get the bass i want , not very strong , but still hear what the bass player is playing and hear the drum kick from the drummer , it 's just not as powerful as if it was a standalone subwoofer added to the speakers . 
  and how do you connect the speakers to the computer ? 
  rca only ? 
  does it not lose any sound quality ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  do they have volume/treble/bass knobs ? 
  the ms40 have 4 knobs , a thing for the headphones and a power button . 
  i 'm not going to produce audio , i just want to listen , i just want to find something that 's worth the money i 'm about to spend , because 150 # is n't that cheap . 
  thanks for the help . 
  maybe i did n't explained it well , but can you recommend me a tv ? 
  i 'm going to watch it from my bed , so probably a 32 '' would be better , it 's like 7 or 8 feet distance . 
  i 've been wanting to try something to see if i can feel some happiness again , since buying things of ebay or amazon are n't me making me happy . 
  i always thought `` jumping out of a plane and parachute myself ? 
  '' , but the idea has been floating around in my idea for a couple of days , and the thing is i do n't want to do it , because i do n't want to die . 
  but man , if it probably is n't awesome jumping of a fucking plane . 
  but no , i wo n't and i ca n't do it . 
  my life depends on it . 
  how easy it is to cut away the first parachute that got messed up for an amateur ? 
  i think you have an higher risk of dying while skydiving than driving your car . 
  look at all that blue . 
  3 episodes that from what i 've seen are like 90 minutes each , which makes for almost 10 episodes . 
  and good looking, 
  i drive, 
  i fucked jennifer lawrence . 
  jane levy . 
  i 'm an hollywood actor . 
  that statistic is because probably a lot more people own a car than they skydive . 
  and acting wrong is what gets us car accidents , if everyone followed the code , we would n't have any accidents . 
  do you have any profile photos that we can see the before and after of your jawline/chin ? 
  are you trying to make jokes on reddit seriously, 
  wow such discussion, 
  much bad environment no tears, 
  only happyness good lyfe, 
  i also fucking like this meme . 
  appreciated , thanks . 
  i wanted to cry , but i 'm tired as fuck . 
  this was awesome . 
  that 's why i think there are ugly people who could be awesome in a hollywood movie , and will never be able to act because they are ugly . 
  that 's why i do n't get when reddit or people say that we should lower our standards . 
  why would we do it , if a good looking girl would n't do it for us ?
