  steal from other lanes when helping killing the enemy team ? 
  * warding . 
  it never even crossed my mind warding in any other spot than the two mid bushes while in mid lane . 
  i 'm silver iv support , so i tend to ward wherever the next fight is going to occur . 
  never thought about it when mid . 
  * positioning and skill shots . 
  it 's i think the most difficult thing for me in league . 
  when a team fight is occuring sometimes i lose track of where i am and end up doing my combo on top of the enemy and dying . 
  i 'm trying to fix this by obviously improving my skill shots when moving around . 
  mid to late game , i 'm lost , i have no idea what to do , and my cs suffers . 
  thanks for the review !, 
  hey , thanks for the second vod . 
  i think you picked a game before your reviews , so it was really badly played . 
  no warding , no cs , no roaming , no nothing . 
  you mentioned ahri , and i did a normal game with her where i went 13/0/2 , we stomped the team , but maybe you can take a look at what i did wrong and did good so i can continue doing it and correct the mistakes . 
  however those replays are n't showing on replay.gg , i have the files though . 
  not sure how to playback . 
  regarding the runes , i 've yet still to earn enough ip to buy them . 
  i wanted to buy champions first so i could have a pool of champions to play and try and carry myself . 
  such as lux , leblanc , ahri , brand , etc. 
  i 've been playing 10 + games per day at the moment , trying to improve . 
  csing better , warding better , positioning better . 
  when do you want me to send a new replay so we can discuss what went right/wrong/improvements / mistakes ? 
  are you euw ? 
  i 'm currently playing 10 + games a day , in the last 11 days i played 130 + games . 
  i started playing league actively the past two months . 
  i want to learn and be better . 
  my goal is to be diamond 5 , the same as my colleague who introduced me to league . 
  he 's been playing for several years . 
  i 've started seriously two months ago . 
  went unranked to silver iv main support in just the placements . 
  i want to climb as a mid laner , but i 'm a very bad bronze in that lane . 
  i also like jungle , but i only have trundle and shaco as junglers , and shaco is not fun . 
  should i learn lee sin ? 
  are you available as a coach ? 
  hello , at the moment i 'm maining lux , leblanc and i 'm going to get ahri and syndra as my champion pool for main . 
  as for jungle , i 'm playing trundle . 
  i 've climbed from unranked to silver iv as janna , leona support . 
  i want to be a better midlaner and jungler as i think those are the easier roles to carry and climb . 
  i know support can carry , but it 's harder in low elos . 
  here 's my op.gg http://euw.op.gg/summoner/username=chrismartinasd . 
  if you wan na check a game or two i did as lee sin , here a link , http://www.replay.gg/search/euw/mjise4#2953516791 , i played in my friends account . 
  it was the first or second game i did as lee sin . 
  i made a lot of mistakes . 
  thanks !, 
  hi , thanks for the feedback !, 
  can you expand on what i fail in terms of mechanics ? 
  i would like to atleast know where i fail and what i am improving by playing the way you 're advising me to . 
  it 's funny you mention lissandra , annie , morgana and amumu , because those are some of the champions i played when i started playing league , and i stopped playing them because they had no flavour and i did n't have fun with them and amumu was boring . 
  however , i 'm going to give them a shot again . 
   core fundamentals of mid lane, 
  can you go into depth on what those are ? 
  what i should be doing better ? 
   three things you must know when jungling are :, 
  1 - will start doing that . 
  2 - already do that . 
  3 - started doing that today . 
   for support do n't play janna , play zyra or annie , they can carry in low elo . 
  awesome . 
  i like support , but it 's shitty to play support when you ca n't carry at low elo . 
  dodging means just not select the campion on champion select and wait the 5 minutes for a new queue ? 
  do you recommend playing with normal cast or starting to play with quick cast and improve at it ? 
  if quick cast , do i choose quick cast with indicator or no indicator ? 
  thanks !, 
  i just did two games , one with lux ( at the moment i only have lux , leblanc and annie for mid lane , except ryze and twisted fate whose i do n't play ) because someone picked annie first and the second one with annie . 
  the lux game went way better with the looking at the map and the cs . 
  i did n't do 170 cs , but was able to do 100 + , which to me is already an improvement . 
  the annie game was a shit fest , we ended up winning because teemo went invisibility and destroyed the nexus . 
  we all died way too much . 
  i tried annie 's combo after with the stun and i one shot talon on first try after he tried to harass me out of lane . 
  i got greedy , i admit , and died way too often to try my combo out . 
  it worked though . 
  so i 'm continuing with annie . 
  however , here 's what i got . 
  last hit animation - i noticed annie is a lot slower than lux when sending her auto attack , so my cs was shit in the beggining of the game because i was not expecting this . 
  i think i farmed 20 in 10 minutes . 
  i think i fixed this in the mid to late game once i understood how annie aa 's worked . 
  still need to improve though . 
  i think i 'll play with annie for the next few games . 
  mid/late game - i have no sense of what to do after we start to engage in team fights . 
  do i go for other lanes cs when there is no one in lane ? 
  do i cs in jungle ? 
  also , what do you think about brand to play while learning ? 
  i played a few normals with him and he is op at the moment and his skills are easy to hit , plus his r-q-w-e combo is very op and can kill people easily . 
  regarding core fundamentals , how do i learn by myself what spacing , foresight , etc is ? 
  how to proper ward ? 
  should i go onto youtube and watch some videos or should i just ward and see what 's better ? 
  also , i have no idea what spacing and foresight is . 
  i will focus for now on csing better because once i get luden 's echo on annie then it 's a party . 
  ok , third game now , and i 'm dying stupidly by instead of being on the back lane of my team , i for some reason or another i end up engaging the enemy team from their sides . 
  i died stupidly a lot of times . 
  i was able to get some kills with the combo . 
  cs with annie better but still very bad . 
  warding is shit . 
  map awareness is shit . 
  ls as in this guy ? 
  what do you think about brand to add to the champion pool ? 
  just an update . 
  i played with annie yesterday and today and i did n't get the best results . 
  however your advice on cs and warding worked .
