  and that kids , is how you learn from reddit . 
  yeah , how many times do you go to the gym per week ? 
  i will try to go 5 times a week , otherwise i do n't think i ( or we , if you go aswell ) will see that much results if we only go 1 time per week . 
  yeah , i know what you meant about the cookies , i just remembered something i 've experienced with eating very small portions of food right before a big meal . 
  i have that problem too , since when i wake up i 'm not usually hungry and ca n't eat breakfast , if i am too anxious about school , i ca n't eat lunch , and if i am too tired after school , i ca n't or do n't eat dinner and just go straight to bed . 
  the best way to eat , is to eat at the school , where you go to the canteen ? 
  ( is that the way of saying place to eat at school in english ? 
  i do n't know . 
  ) , where you can get atleast 3 meals per day there ( breakfast , lunch and a afternoon snack ) before going home and eat the 4th and 5th meal , which consists on dinner and before bed snack . 
  i know or think i know the theory , or most of it to gain weight , i just ca n't do it , due to boredom or lack of time or even more important discipline , because i always was like this , skip meals and such . 
  anyway , pasta with chicken breasts is good , also pasta with mince ( mince pasta ? 
  whatever ) . 
  pasta has a lot of calories and proteins , and it 's easy and fast to make , and it does n't require a lot of dishes and other shit to make , it 's also cheap , so , there you go . 
  yeah , that was what i was thinking about aswell , yet , i have fat on my stomach that i could take care of . 
  i want to gain weight , i am 6 ' 4 '' and weight 155lbs , want to get atleast 20lbs , and since soup is full of vegetables , i just thought i could ask . 
  what ? 
  they are homemade with lots of vegetables . 
  i am having trouble finding oats , any kind of them where i live , i wanted to start eating that with milk everyday at breakfast , but i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  who the fuck said that ? 
  here is something i found [ here ] ( http://stronglifts.com/how-to-gain-weight-for-skinny-guys/ ) . 
  breakfast : 100g oats , 50g raisins , 1scoop whey, 
  snack : 100g mixed nuts or 1 liter milk or tuna sandwich, 
  lunch : 200g white pasta , bolognese sause , parmesan cheese, 
  snack : 100g mixed nuts or 1 liter milk or tuna sandwich, 
  post workout shake : 1.5 scoops whey , 60g oats , milk , banana, 
  dinner : 200g white pasta , bolognese sause , parmesan cheese, 
  pre bed : cottage cheese , berries , flax seed , fish oil, 
  it does n't seem that much expensive . 
  400g oats here is 64 cents of euro . 
  500g white pasta is 50 cents of euro aswell . 
  milk is cheap aswell . 
  i just do n't get if 200g of white pasta is 100g of uncooked pasta or 200g of uncooked pasta , because you know pasta after boiling gets bigger and heavier , so 100g uncooked pasta = 200g cooked pasta . 
  how much 1/2 cup is ? 
  i was thinking in 100g per day at breakfast . 
  how do you join the eggs ? 
  you do n't fry them or anything ? 
  i was thinking in going with milk only , but as like you , a lot of people add different things , and you gave me an idea of adding cinnamon aswell . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  the more calories the merier , i want to start bulking , but need some ideas on how to `` proper '' eat the oats at breakfast . 
  ah , yeah , i like soup though , but i want to gain weight . 
  yes , why ? 
  well , yeah people in portugal are fucking small , but why did you ask ? 
  and yeah , i am tall , everyone points that shit every single day . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  edit : i ca n't buy the milk from the gomad thing , so i was trying to do this, 
  breakfast : 100g oats , 50g raisins , 1scoop whey, 
  snack : 100g mixed nuts or 1 liter milk or tuna sandwich, 
  lunch : 200g white pasta , bolognese sause , parmesan cheese, 
  snack : 100g mixed nuts or 1 liter milk or tuna sandwich, 
  post workout shake : 1.5 scoops whey , 60g oats , milk , banana, 
  dinner : 200g white pasta , bolognese sause , parmesan cheese, 
  pre bed : cottage cheese , berries , flax seed , fish oil, 
  where the breakfast would be one of the meals that would have the most calorie intake for the first meal , 500 + , i think it 's good to start the day . 
  at the moment , gain weight , but gain muscle and have a defined body , after . 
  yeah , i get that a lot , the lightbulbs i get from a milf of a friend of mine when i go to their house . 
  i get other shit too . 
  people think they are being funny and friendly , but in fact they do n't realize that we hear that shit everyday and we are tired of it . 
  6 meals is rubbish ? 
  yes , i know , i was thinking in about 4 a day , but i do n't know if i can eat 1000 calories each meal . 
  what do you suggest ? 
   to start gaining muscle , you 'll also find that the starting strength program is quite popular . 
  this is what i wanted to do , but i do n't know the name of the exercises in portuguese , i will have to check them in youtube to see what they are . 
  by the way , where are you from ? 
  what city ? 
  the calorie intake to stay the same weight is about 2000 - 2500 calories per day and to get to the weight i want is about 3000 - 3500 calories per day . 
  do n't know about cottage cheese translation to portuguese . 
  i am much more accustomed to the english and american names and other things , that it feels like i do n't know anything about my own country and language . 
  not yet , the ones here i think cost more than 50 $ per month , and where i was living some years ago was 30 $ for a membership that i could go everyday , whenever i wanted to go . 
  i do n't even know what that is , no . 
  i am portuguese going to a portuguese school . 
  i just spend too much time reading reddit , and reading or watching anything that english or american , and really do n't spend any time watching or reading anything from portugal . 
  the media sucks at the moment , it repeats the same thing over and over again , it repeats the same thing about 5 times in 1 hour , always about football or other shit that it 's not relevant to the country or my well being . 
  the food , yeah . 
  and yes , this is a fucking better story than fucking twilight . 
  i 'm 19 and went back to highschool , in portugal , not usa , because i failed ( not having good grades , and choosing computer science over science ) in my 1st time at highschool . 
  being a 14 year old having to choose a career path is extremely difficult . 
  anyway , i 've graduated 2 or 3 years ago , went to college , but wanted to change my career path , so i 'm at high school again to try to go to med school . 
  in my 1st time at highschool , i 've been bullied . 
  now , at 19 years old , the shit i see makes me want to punch every single fucking kid in the fucking face . 
  i try to be a better person and help the ones who are going through what i 've went through . 
  also , the shit fights kids make about nothing makes me laugh , yesterday there were 2 girls fighting about something about an ex-boyfriend and shit on facebook . 
  `` really ? '', 
  i said , `` this shit looks like a reality tv show !, 
  i can watch that at home . 
  '' , and went off with my day . 
  kids suck , fuck that man . 
  telling me that i am cute , when i say that i do n't like my nose and that i feel ugly as fuck . 
  i do not fish for compliments , the topic comes when we are having those 3 am conversations that we just say everything we feel about life and other problems we have . 
  i am a male , they say that i just need to have confidence and to talk more . 
  a person 's got to do , what a person 's got to do . 
  look at the title then , it fits perfectly . 
  `` a tigger inside & out . '', 
  shit , hello me . 
  i do n't know if you have the same thing as me , but shit , if i see a good pair of hands , i instantly fall in `` love '' with the girl , but if the girl has a bad pair of hands , and her face is still pretty , i have something in my brain that says no to that girl . 
  i am trying to overcome this shit , because it seems very shallow from my part . 
  come on . 
  i am using chapstick since i was 11 , i am 19 . 
  are you talking about the csi : miami premiere where justin bieber appears and everyone is waiting for him to get killed and then say `` hooray ! '' ? 
  yeah , i saw that one .
