  of actors and actresses . 
  in hollywood . 
  and we are all friends !, 
  you forgot furyasd there . 
  but most of them , like natalie portman , she 's so fucking beautiful , she does n't have a jewish nose . 
  i 'm talking full barbara streisand , malcom mcdowell . 
  and lea michele is pretty , her nose is full on jewish , but it suits her face . 
  ashley tisdale was prettier before her nose job . 
  i think i 'm doing high bar squats , my workout is stronglifts 5x5 . 
  what are the differences ? 
  also , nice ass on the low bar squat . 
  i 'm doing sl 5x5 , with 50lbs squat , 80lbs bench press , 45lbs barbell rows , and i 'm not tired at the end . 
  i did bb curls 3x10 aswell today , but i 'm never tired in the end . 
  should i do other things or just finish the workout ? 
  i got tired with the barbell rows . 
  squats a little bit . 
  but bench press , i think i can do more than that . 
  so , next workout , 90lbs ? 
  i need to work on my squat form , it 's not good . 
  and i need to remember to lower my shoulders more times when deadlifting , other than that i think i have good form . 
  i did bb curls today 3x10 because one of the pt 's said that i should do some bicep exercises . 
  yet , i was n't tired , but my lower back is sore , do n't know why . 
  today i only did squats , bench press and barbell rows . 
  `` i did n't stole that necklace , and i do n't do drugs ! '', 
  but , but , your beautiful !, 
  `` why so serious ? '', 
  as a portuguese , i 've never been so proud about you making this . 
  that was simply beautiful . 
  the dark knight by quentin tarantino . 
  that shitty part made me lose interest for all the cerimony , i 'm glad i kept watching after that , but the `` london 's youth '' with 70 's music and those shitty pop-ups , were fucking annoying . 
  combining something from the 70 's with something from 2012 ? 
  it does n't work . 
  that shitty part made me lose interest for all the cerimony , i 'm glad i kept watching after that , but the `` london 's youth '' with 70 's music and those shitty pop-ups , were fucking annoying . 
  combining something from the 70 's with something from 2012 ? 
  it does n't work . 
  is n't that the chemical that controls the part of my brain that controls my ocd ? 
  if yes , fuck i need some ssri 's . 
  i had this so many times with a girl in my class . 
  yet i did n't do anything . 
  all of those feels . 
  in my city , even if i wanted to volunteer for anything , i would n't be able to , because there is nothing to be a volunteer at . 
  `` this ends tonight . '', 
  wan na zee me kill some jews ? 
  that will make zyou wet . '', 
  i feel that 90 % of the time . 
  10 % , i crave for a hug of a girl . 
  yeah , i think this way aswell . 
  i think it 's because of my ocd . 
  i did high school with the minimum grades to pass . 
  guess what i 'm doing now . 
  at home browsing reddit . 
  but nevermind , because i want to study someting that i will never be able to pursue . 
  film and television . 
  that i will probably never have an acting career . 
  explain signs . 
  i would n't pay for taco bell to anyone , even if my country had taco bell , i would only pay it for me and eat it on my own . 
  i will not share food with anyone . 
  also , who makes a necklace out of keys ? 
  that was just awkward . 
  i remember when i was awkward , and wrote a letter to a girl , and put it on an envelope , but never delivered it to her because i was too shy . 
  i 'm glad i was only 5 when that happened . 
  but then i remember when i was awkward i made a little movie to a girl , and sent it to her , and she said `` oh , this is cute . '', 
  and then i told her i liked her , and she does n't said anything . 
  i 'm glad i was only 15 when that happened . 
  and yet , i remember when i was awkward and i got my first girlfriend , and in the first week of dating i told her i loved her . 
  she broke up a few days later . 
  i 'm glad i was only 16 when that happened . 
  i 'm 20 now and i 'm alone . 
  i was a doormat some years ago . 
  one of my best friends yelled at me and said `` you are being used by her , you are like a dog , she calls you and you go after her . '', 
  i opened my eyes , and at 20 years old now , i gained a little bit of confidence and no longer let a person treat me like a doormat . 
  fuck that . 
  i do what i want !, 
  i have told so many times this story on reddit , i 'm tired of it , but i 'm like 50 % sure i missed with this girl . 
  i had so many intense eye contact with her , in the first few days , she would sit by me and try to talk to me , sit by my side and we would touch legs and she would not move , so she probably did n't think i was creepy . 
  she talked to me about music , about films , about religion , about other shit , and we had nice conversations . 
  sometimes , she would try to talk to me , but since i 'm a sap , i would say `` yes '' and continue to listen to my music on my phone . 
  i think i missed something in here , or probably i 'm just trying to think i missed something and everything is just made up on my head . 
  but yeah , i never had this much eye contact with a girl until her . 
  it was like we were eye fucking in class . 
  and sometimes we would smile at each other just because we were looking at each other for so long . 
  so i became a human chair . 
  yeah , school is over . 
  i tried to add her on facebook , but she did n't accept . 
  sometimes i saw her hugging her other friend , and they were always together and other shit , hugging , sharing laughs , whatever , and yet , ome time that guy caught her eye fucking me , but yeah , i probably am just making things up , and she was nice to everyone , so just another thing to probably prove that i 'm wrong . 
  anyway , yeah , we stopped talking , last time i talked to her , she asked me if she could join me and play handball with me . 
  it was just me and a colleague . 
  then school was over , i never saw her again , tried facebook , she did n't accept , while everyone from the class did . 
  and i actually said `` fuck it . '', 
  and forgot about it . 
  just makes me thing what could have gone right or wrong if i had made a move or if she was actually interested . 
  porto , portugal . 
  and i do n't know why it is something to pretend not to like . 
  it 's my favourite band . 
  yeah , thanks , i hope people were nice to you , i 'm not in the main city porto , i 'm in a smaller city inside the porto district/county , trofa/st . 
  anyway , the tourists and we portuguese people say that the nicest people in the whole country are in porto . 
  so i hope you had a good time . 
  i went to arma\u00e7\u00e3o de pera some times with my family on vacation . 
  you should go there also . 
  `` i 'm on fire !,
