  from what i 've seen on this thread , op do not move out of the fucking house and lawyer the fuck up . 
  what if, 
  yesterday , it was a friend 's birthday , so we all went out , and she had a lot of female friends . 
  there were two very cute girls whom talked about me and said to my friend i was cute/nice/sweet , wtv . 
  they also did n't know my name , i have a nickname within my group of friends , we all do , so they did n't know my name , and just guessed . 
  the first thing i said to my friend was `` why the fuck are they mocking me ? 
  '' , to which she responded `` they are not mocking you , they think you are cute/nice/sweet and that you are very tall . '' . 
  and there goes , they tried to talk to me and the only thing i could say was `` do you like breaking bad ? 
  do you like ** l o s t ** ? 
  '' , and that was it . 
  i had nothing . 
  self-esteem . 
  it 's shit to be honest . 
  she 's french . 
  my favourite band is a band hated by reddit , which is coldplay , i love the way they do music , i love their melodies , i love their lyrics , but pink floyd will be the best lyricists ever . 
  just reading this makes me see life/death in a different way ,, 
   `` and i am not frightened of dying , any time will do , i do n't mind . 
   why should i be frightened of dying ? 
   there 's no reason for it , you 've got ta go sometime . '', 
   `` if you can hear this whispering you are dying . '', 
   `` i never said i was frightened of dying . '', 
  just beautiful . 
  there was this one stupid shit people used to do when i was in high school , which was probably 8 years ago , where 4 people would grab you , lift you up , spread your legs , and smash your genitals against a pole . 
  no one ever did this to me , but i know that a lot of people were victims of this . 
  yes , it 's called `` poste '' in here , portugal , too . 
  he does n't regret not making the matrix , because he said keanu reeves did a good job and he did n't think he could have made it better . 
  different things . 
  who needs education when you have money ? 
  \\  tfw i look like ben affleck , john cena , justin timberlake , matt leblanc and david hasselhoff . 
  \\  tfw i still do n't have a girlfriend . 
  in proportion though . 
  because vin diesel 's face looks bigger than dicaprio 's, 
  i just wonder , being portuguese , why can you eat so much fast food in the us , but if you want to drink a beer in mcdonalds , you ca n't . 
  it 's actually portugal . 
  buildapc is actually a good subreddit , people can get really good computers for any budget they have . 
  portuguese mcdonalds here sell beer , and the us ones ca n't ? 
  i imagine the profit margins there would be huge due to the amount of fast food people eat . 
  they are actually 3 to 4 . 
  and last season was 4 to 4 . 
  the face he makes evolves with how high his voice is . 
  saying you are not an atheist because you think other people are pretentious makes you pretentious and arrogant . 
  i think i 'm the kind of guy that would probably do this if i had a girlfriend , thing is , i thought all of that was a bit hollywoodish , because when i tried to be edgy with girls , it never went well . 
  maybe i 'm just unattractive . 
  it does n't work for me . 
  but mark zuckerberg with billions did ? 
  wow wow wow wow, 
  wow wow wow wow, 
  wow wow wow wow, 
  wow wow wow wow, 
  look at all the words i 'm learning today, 
  i have a question . 
  i live in an apartment in the 3rd floor . 
  i 'm at home every single day , and i would like to get a dog . 
  what do you think about getting a dog in a apartment ? 
  i will have no problem taking walks with the dog or going out with the dog . 
  i 've seen a lot of people saying apartments are n't right , but i really do n't know what to think . 
  as a non-american , what does this bill stands for or means ? 
  i would really like to get a corgi or a pug or a dachshund or a beagle , they seem so cool , but in the pound next to me there are none , most of them are big dogs , and i do n't want to give a shit life to a poor dog , that 's already suffering from being on the pound . 
  i 'm a 21 year old , 6 ' 4 '' dude , and when i look at dogs , i go from myself to a 14 year old teenage girl in a justin bieber concert . 
  i would really like to get a corgi or a pug or a dachshund or a beagle , they seem so cool , but in the pound next to me there are none , most of them are big dogs , and i do n't want to give a shit life to a poor dog , that 's already suffering from being on the pound . 
  i 'm a 21 year old , 6 ' 4 '' dude , and when i look at dogs , i go from myself to a 14 year old teenage girl in a justin bieber concert . 
  i 'm looking at the list , boston terrier 's and french bulldog 's are fucking awesome . 
  the rest i had already mentioned above . 
  my parents are a bit worried on vet bills and food bills and stuff , i talked to a few friends , and they do n't take their dogs to the vet every month , and on the food they do n't waste that much , but i do n't want to neglect the dog , i want to give the best care possible . 
  thanks . 
  so , that 's good right ? 
  will the universal healthcare be a thing now ? 
  thanks , that 's some great advice . 
  i really like those small dogs , they seem fucking awesome . 
  i did n't know pugs had such problems though , which to me it 's not that hard to deal with , obesity is i think , easy to deal with , the breathing problems may be aswell , i never read into it or what i should do about it , eye issues , i use glasses so , no problem , overheating is the one that worries me the most because i really do n't like the hot/warm weather aswell , and i do n't know what to do , i think my apartment tends to get hot in the summer , not too hot that ca n't be dealt with , but i do n't know at what temperature will the dogs be uncomfortable . 
  i ca n't use petfinder.com , due to me not being from the us , i 'm from portugal , so i need to find something to search for a dog , the shelter as i said does n't have the breeds i 'm looking for , which makes me guilty as fuck because it may seem that i 'm looking for the perfect dog or something and i do n't care about the others , which is not the case , because if i could i would adopt all of them and put them in my house . 
  what 's potty training like ? 
  do you have a specific thing where the dog can pee inside the house ? 
  i thought you were supposed to go with the dog take a walk and let him do its necessities . 
  also , tricks ? 
  what kind of tricks ? 
  exercise , do n't worry about it . 
  if i get a dog , i 'll create a routine , because i kinda need one aswell , i 'm tired of sleeping through the day and being awake at night , i really need a good schedule and i think a dog would even help me with this , so it 's good because the dog can go for a walk and i can have a good sleep schedule . 
  thanks , i ca n't remember of any questions at the moment , and i will have , probably , a lot , but not right now . 
  thanks again for the advice . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 'm not in the us , so i do n't know how are the costs with the vet , in portugal , each visit i think costs almost as a human ophthalmologist appointment , which is between 50 $ to 60 $ / 70 $ ( $ 65 to $ 100 ) . 
  but if i only need a yearly appointment , if no emergencies arise , than it 's good . 
  there are some really fucking cheap insurance , like $ 10 a month for dogs that get discounts on everything from vet to food , it should be fine . 
  the one thing i do n't like , to be honest , is having the dog inside a crate , but who am i to know about dog stuff ? 
  thanks again for the advice . 
  i do n't exercise outdoors . 
  most or all the breads i like are being sold for a very large amount of money , and i do n't want to be the guy to buy a dog , i want to save some poor fellow . 
  but , a 30 minute walk , hour walk each day , i would n't mind . 
  i do n't do it because i have my sleep schedules fucked , but i like to go and walk . 
  i want a cuddlebuddy , quiet , couchpotato dog . 
  i do n't exercise myself , but i will do it because of the dog , and because i need to restart my gym membership after having surgery . 
  hey , thanks again for taking the time on teaching how to pug . 
  really appreciated . 
  my hopes are not as up as they were a few hours ago , i 've just been searching for pugs in shelters and there are none , most people are selling them for 500 $ ( $ 675 ) , corgies do n't even exist , but oh well , i guess i learned a lot on what to do and how to treat a pug , i really would like to get one , they seem so fucking awesome . 
  and i did n't know that dogs could have their eyes pop out of their sockets , that shit is insane . 
  temperature wise is making me think , because it gets hotter than 80 f in the summer , and it stays like that for a few months . 
  hey , thanks again for taking the time on teaching how to pug . 
  thanks . 
  i already got surgery , it was a septorhinoplasty , and i have a problem with my temporomandibular joint on my jaw , so i 'll see what 's what .
