  we probably should ban people from the planet man . 
  it 's the only and the right choice . 
  with cheap plastic scissors that will break after 2 minutes use . 
  from what i 've seen on the internet , yes . 
  i think your so is a dog . 
  i love you . 
  a few more years , i was hoping i would still be on reddit , just because it 's fun , but with a nice life , good job , girlfriend , good car , good house , etc. 
  but at the rate of my depression and my ugly face , i 'll probably only have reddit in 4 years . 
  i think it 's probably better than not having nothing , i will still have reddit to complain about life and other shit . 
  i upvoted you because fuck yeah facts . 
  and i want to ask you if the sony mdr-v6 are good , because i 'm thinking in buying them . 
  thanks . 
  you were lucky your awkward years were when you were younger . 
  because i 'm 20 now , and the most handsome i was , was when i was like 5 years old . 
  after that it was a fucking trainwreck , i had a normal nose and a chin , now i have nothing , i have a big nose and no chin . 
  so congratulations man . 
  well , then why no one talks to me ? 
  that is fake . 
  source ? 
  personal experience . 
  oh yeah , of course . 
  because i was ugly all my life , called ugly and told that i have a big nose , and now i 'm a fucking shut-in that spends his days browsing reddit . 
   i was cute when i was little , got the ladies and such . 
  yeah , me too , when i was like 4 or 5 . 
   middle school and lower hs was rough though . 
  i was called ugly and that i had a big nose the entire time . 
  my first kiss was when i was 13 and it was on the 8th grade . 
  first girlfriend was in the 10th grade when i was 16 . 
  i 'm 20 , and alone since . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs , and i 'm seriously considering on going to the gym to see if i can gain any weight and get to 200lbs + to see if it changes anything . 
  this post gave me anxiety , because when i saw this huge wall of text , i thought `` oh , shit , what the fuck did i just said ? 
  did i say something wrong ? '' . 
  but you are right , the problem is i got somewhat traumatized when i was a kid due to people calling me ugly and shit . 
  and i was not blessed with a good facial structure , so i ca n't do anything about it . 
  my hair does n't matter in this , since i get complimented about it . 
  the weight is no big deal , i 'm going to put some weight because me and my cousin are starting to hit the gym . 
  and i 'm 6 ' 4 '' . 
  my face is just a trainwreck . 
  and sorry for making you type that much , you fucking scared me . 
  wtf . 
  and thanks . 
  yeah , i did pm you , the last one was in 2009/2010 , the first one was last year . 
  dude , 5 days earlier to get dismissed . 
  just tell them you 're out of town . 
  but i do n't know shit about courts and jury duty , since in my country there 's no shit like that . 
  fuck yeah portugal . 
  we all feel for him , and for everyone who got hinted and did n't noticed . 
  like me , like you , like op . 
  now , group hug . 
  credits rolled . 
  i 've learned that if i think it 's a hint it probably is n't . 
  well , you could be having sex and talking about llamas , or just llama sex . 
  you could n't . 
  i had two girls doing this to me in the beggining of the year , well , i went to school later , it started in september , and i only went months after . 
  the thing is , the first girl i noticed would stare at me the whole time we were in class , came to me and started talking to me from nowhere , but i think with the time she lost interest . 
  the second girl did the same thing , but this one is different , every time she is in front of the class or presenting something to the class , she will look at me the whole presentation like if i was the only person in the room . 
  i caught her several times since the beggining of the year , looking at me , i would catch her eyes , and then she would very quick look away and things like that . 
  i do n't know . 
  did you read this guy 's [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/tks9p/what_are_some_hints_females_gave_you_but_you/c4ngj6w ) ? 
  that 's some confusing shit right there man . 
  that show was creepy when i was like 10 , now i 'm 20 , and i do n't want to watch it . 
  hum , so , yeah . 
  i upvoted you , and i hope you deliver son . 
  i liked the movie , it 's easy to watch . 
  you are blocking yourself man . 
  not a good job , i 've already seen this movie . 
  yeah , why do they do this ? 
  just grab our hand !, 
  we , men , if are walking along you , wo n't say no !, 
  you said no even to resident evil 4 ? 
  a girl in my class used to rub her leg against mine when we were sitting together . 
  or just let our legs touch and then not move . 
  yey , sex !, 
  ahah , i laugh at you too . 
   same girl , different occasion : `` i 'm good at making out , you know '', 
  your response should have been, 
   show me . 
  yeah , i know how to talk to girls on the internet . 
  no , it 's an advice . 
  that is easy to say , not easy to do . 
  i know , personal experience . 
  i want to study film/tv , and work in the industry . 
  1 - my country has none of the industries , well they do , but they only shoot one film per 2 years , and the tv industry is soap operas with the same scripts , that fucking suck , and the acting is shit . 
  2 - i ca n't move to another country with a better industry because i do n't have money . 
  what is your height ? 
  weight ? 
  do you count calories ? 
  how many calories are you eating per day now ? 
  not just study , work in the industry aswell . 
  i have been not eating breakfast since i remember , and why i 'm asking is because i want to gain weight , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , and since the only difference i 've noticed eating breakfast in the morning is that a couple of hours after eating breakfast i 'm hungry again , and that 's cool , because my calorie intake per day must be 3000 + . 
  and i do n't think i 've ever had a problem with not eating breakfast , because sometimes i would exercise without eating , and i have never fainted or had any other troubles . 
  thanks . 
  but they are the ones that usually say `` fuck off creep ! '', 
  i have n't started on my weight gain , and my early childhood , i do n't know if this has anything to do with now , but i was chubby back then , up until i was like 10 , then i started to grow and at 20 years old , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , and what are you saying is that i wo n't be able to gain any weight ? 
  or i just wo n't be able to gain any weight during a period of time , or if i gain any weight , imagine i go from 165lbs to 200lbs + , i would be able to lose it ? 
  what if i maintain my diet of 3000 + calories then ? 
  also , i 'm going to do it while working out 3 times a week . 
  are the type 2 diabetes and caridovascular problems still a problem with all these precautions ? 
  michael bay ? 
  he is the one with the explosives .
