  and you should already know why . '', 
  `` something bad will happen this month to you , followed by something happy . 
  also , you will sleep everyday and each of your days will have 24h . '', 
  `` well , if we evolved from monkeys , why are monkeys still out there ? '', 
  i did this in the first week , me and my first girlfriend started dating . 
  i was , 15 or 16 at the time , i did not know what to do most of the time , so one time i went with her to the bus stop , and while she was entering the bus , i told her `` i love you '' , she broke up with me two or three days later . 
  but fuck that . 
  he is like, 
  and she is like  _ , 
  the social networking . 
  in what context ? 
  `` that it will probably rain , or that the sun will shine . 
  probably people will put gas in their cars , and others will ride the bus or their bicycles . '', 
  what about lobsters or shrimp ? 
   `` you need to buy me dinner because you 're the man . '', 
  fuck this shit . 
  i never had a dinner date in my life , i 'm 20 , and only had 1 girlfriend for 1 week . 
  but , if this ever happens to me , i would just say goodbye . 
  i 'm glad to pay because i want to pay for you , not because you are making me pay . 
  also , one point for a girl who says `` let me pay this time . '', 
  or `` let 's share for you not to have to pay for the whole thing . '', 
  at home , browsing reddit . 
  thanks , appreciated . 
  also , good job on that . 
   when driving together , i drive . 
  you can do everything , but drive . 
  i am the one who drives !, 
  yeah , and the movie is probably the notebook . 
  my gym has no rack aswell , i clean the bar , put it into my shoulders and squat . 
  do 1 set . 
  put the bar in the ground . 
  rest . 
  repeat . 
  i do n't know how am i going to do when i get to heavier weights , but will see . 
  i just started this week , so it 's not much . 
  when i get to 200lbs , it might be a problem . 
  at the moment , it is n't . 
  playing for the past 4 years , never payed a thing . 
  ask me how . 
  can you have fat on your face and on your gut , but not on the rest of the body ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , and i seem to have more fat on my face and gut , than the rest of the body . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  i read something on reddit about complimenting a girls shoes . 
  i did it one time , the girl just stare at me with a weird look and said `` thanks . '', 
  well , never again . 
  so fucking this !, 
  do not talk to me when i 'm watching tv shows or films !, 
  it 's the only thing that makes me calm !, 
  it 's the only thing that lowers my breathing patterns !, 
  it 's the only thing that lowers my heart rate !, 
  do not interrupt me while i 'm watching something !, 
  it 's a mineral !, 
  fucking beautiful !, 
  why so serious ? 
  i 'm sure that if i did everything you just said to you , you would call me a creep . 
  when do you think you will use that money ? 
  and for what ? 
  why do n't people use more debit cards in usa ? 
  i 'm 20 , and i only had debit cards until now . 
  i do n't see the point on using a credit card . 
  if you do n't have cash money to pay for it , why using credit ? 
  ah , that 's good . 
  for how long have you been saving , and how much do you save per month ? 
  current minimum wage in portugal is ~ 485 $ , ~ 587 $ . 
  if i get a job , i would probably try to save atleast 1/4 of the income . 
  which is 120 $ . 
  that 's 1440 $ a year , 14400 $ in 10 years . 
  well , that sucks . 
  i 'm not an american , but oh well , there goes my vote . 
  are you sure ? 
  because i can stretch my face and gut . 
  and i 'm mostly sure that no other game will pull me in like wow did . 
  no other game has this mechanics . 
  the only games that could me put that much effort into it are final fantasy . 
  but i 'm just tired of playing . 
  i thought the game lasted like 1 or 2 weeks . 
  yeah , i would like to see more . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of it or know what it is about . 
  but i think nothing will be as good as wow , or probably will , but i wo n't enjoy it anymore , because i have already experienced wow and what it is to play a mmorpg . 
  can you share ? 
  the comment has been deleted . 
  yeah , someone share . 
  is there a mirror ? 
  i wish i had voldemort 's nose , but no , i have a jewish nose . 
  ** hey bro are you me **, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , now if i was a little bit heavier , like 50lbs more , yeah . 
  i 'm 165lbs . 
  imagine the human stick . 
   i 've learned to overcome it with a positive attitude , good hygiene , a wicked sense of humour , quick intelligence , social skill/charisma , and a decent wardrobe . 
  i have to remember this often . 
   though this girl i 'm talking to has a lot to do with it . 
  messages like `` you are extremely attractive to me . '', 
  i 'm glad someone is told this . 
  because i 'm not . 
  so i recognize myself has a 5-6 . 
  am i like a 7 or 8 ? 
  nah , that 's wrong . 
  yeah , that 's why i joined a gym , and i 'm trying to put on some weight . 
  i 'm 20 , and have the body of a 15 year old . 
  i need examples .
