  oh yeah , just in beaver . 
  oh yeah , just in beaver . 
  beaver . 
  *** [ / nsfw ] ***, 
  helena has nice tits . 
  i think you forgot the rest of his performances . 
  johnny depp is one of my favourite actors . 
  i think the first time i saw him was on pirates of the caribbean . 
  i do n't really like the story of the franchise , but his character is cool . 
  yet , after i saw him there , i looked for his older films , edward scissorhands , ed wood , public enemies and it kinda confirmed that he is a good actor . 
  i have n't seen anything from him since the tourist so i ca n't say how he is now , but i think until now he had a pretty good carreer , with good and bad films . 
  ed wood and scissorhands are so fucking great . 
  yeah , i thought public enemies was older than that , i check on imdb , and it is n't and i 'm 20 , but i really thought the film was older , because i only came online and started watching films and tv shows , in 2010/2011 . 
  well , my bad , yet , ed wood and scissorhands are older . 
  never saw that , will definitely do it , maybe tonight . 
  thanks , and sorry once again . 
  how does that feel op ? 
  tell me . 
  nothing beats not being hugged for about 5 months . 
  tell me giraffiesays , how is it . 
  i watched the pilot some time ago , maybe i was n't that much concentrated watching it , i did n't really liked it , a murder happens , he goes there , `` oh , i 'm going to kill the murderer . 
  '' , he does and then he goes to his `` family '' or in that case rita , and pretends he is another person , that 's one thing i liked about dexter , but i did n't continue to watch . 
  two days ago , it was on tv , slack tide , from season 4 , i watched it , and while i was watching i said [ `` if dexter is always killing people , what if he kills an innocent person ? 
  is n't that going to create a conflict in his head ? '', 
  and in the end of the episode he kills an innocent person . 
  also , the way he pretends with his family is really cool . 
  ] ( / spoiler ) i think i 'm going to emulate dexter in real life . 
  also , i 'm thinking in starting to seriously watch it . 
  the pilot was fucking great , the first season was fucking great . 
  the second season , not so much , so many conflicts , almost no zombie killing . 
  i want to feel like if something happens in the real world , and causes a zombie apocalypse , i will tear those bitches appart with a fucking shotgun . 
  house is my favourite tv show character . 
  fart ` o'cat . 
  i hope i do n't offend anyone with stereotypes , but does n't dumber girls go for bros ? 
  i mean , i 'm not the bro type that goes to parties and does kegstands , i 'm kinda the reddit stereotype guy , who likes to be at home looking at the computer . 
  i want a smarter girl who can challenge me psychologically in the long run , also physically , but psychologically i want her to be able to have a conversation and to make me see reason when i ca n't see it for whatever reason and i think this goes for smarter girls aswell . 
  dumber girls tend to go for the bro type because they actually know how to make a girl think they way they want , and that does n't happen to smarter girls because , yeah , they can think and not fall for shit and want someone who is honest and correct . 
  am i right , or am i wrong ? 
  what is nerdy ? 
  knowing how many dodges you have to do to get a part of the lulu 's legendary weapon in final fantasy x ? 
  knowing the name of the director , actors , year of release and how many oscars a film won just by someone telling its name ? 
  because i would like that in a girl . 
  because , you know , i can do that . 
  i have never watched scrubs though . 
  i saw him in platoon a few days ago . 
   implying i 'm close enough to a country where there are reddit meetups . 
  i said, 
   i hope i do n't offend anyone with stereotypes, 
  `` get in the car gus , get in the car ! '', 
  you , sirs ' , are a gentleman and a scholar . 
  20th century fox . 
  reading what happened to you op , makes me fear of situations like that when i talk to a girl . 
  and extreme crippling anxiety into that and you have a nice recipe for fucking psychological disaster . 
  yet , just letting you know that i would never what the guy did to you to anyone . 
  thought you could use the `` faith in humanity '' thing . 
  i laugh everytime i read this . 
  i 've read it a couple of times in / tv / . 
  but where is this from originally ? 
  what were you taking ? 
  i have extreme anxiety and i was thinking in taking some pills to stop it . 
  but everytime i write about it , i see people telling that withdrawal is a bitch . 
  it could be , but this has happened before with a good night sleep , so it can be another thing , right ? 
  yes , i 'm not depressed anymore . 
  but when i finished exercising , the sadness kicked in and it made me feel bad . 
  not right now , but after exercise i get depressed . 
  read the comment on youtube , will use this when someone says a bad joke . 
  thank you paclac . 
  uuuuuuuh , so cute . 
   off the hook, 
  when we were walking to something in school , i was with a girl and another colleague , that one colleague started to make fun of the fact that i went with them and that they would like to be `` alone '' , and i said `` okey . 
  '' , then girl said they were kidding and that she never had a boyfriend , i do n't know why she said that to me , but she also seemed a kinda nervous and imbarassed . 
  i told her `` okey . '', 
  she also tried to talk to me a couple of times in school . 
  i told her `` okey . '', 
  and continued to listen to my music . 
  you 're right , depends on the way she said it , if it was on a funny and nice way , she probably likes op , if she said it in an ironic way , she probably is n't into op . 
  i feel for you op . 
  let me just tell you from experience that i know the, 
   a happy face on while shutting someone down, 
  very well, 
  and i do n't know the, 
   happy face to cover being nervous saying something you want . 
  maybe because no one ever hid anything from me or maybe i was just oblivious . 
   some people enjoy rejecting others . 
  also known as, 
   self-righteous bitch, 
  i have been reading what you are writing on this thread , and you sir , you know your shit . 
   mfw you must be full of chicks chasing you . 
  is what i 'm thinking , what you are thinking ? 
   she says no you could still stay as friends afterwards, 
  and then , you probably can try to anal rape her with forks . 
  eeeeeeh , see what i did there ? 
   mfw you a pleb . 
  i do not even know what that means . 
  i 'm sorry for the break up man , but i have to tell you , everytime i see a 9/10 thing , i laugh my ass off . 
  these amazon reviews adapted to this make me laugh . 
   would get dumped again . 
  thank you . 
  op will surely deliver . 
  jesus , op , this is the first thing on reddit in weeks that made me laugh for more than 5 seconds .
