  well , if you do get raped , the body will shut it down . 
  but fuck that , you will go to prison and pay a 1 million dollar fine if you unlock your shitty cellphone . 
  and you probably are a guy . 
   she threw a sandwich at me, 
  wtf, 
  do you think that looks  talent in hollywood ? 
  because i never saw a bad looking person in hollywood . 
  they all have the same facial structure , it 's like a fucking cult . 
  also , a producer told jon hamm he would never work in hollywood . 
  did n't tina fey and amy poehler worked on snl before their 30 's ? 
  and , you will probably laugh at me for this , but i think looks matter more than talent . 
  i want ( ed ) to be an actor since i was probably 12 or something , and just a few years ago , i started comparing me to most of the actors in leading roles , or supporting roles or whatever role they were playing , and it seems that to me , looks are like 90 % of what you need to have for your job . 
  the facial structure of the actor is the average facial structure , normal looking nose and a chin that accompanies it , i have never really seen a person with a big nose and a not that great chin like me , and even if i had talent like daniel day lewis , if i do n't have that `` required '' facial structure i would never make it , and this is making me fucking depressed . 
  i was thinking in moving to the us in 2 or 3 years , and now i do n't think i would do it . 
  i do n't mind the struggling , but since i 've started to notice a pattern here , i guess i will never have a shot at it . 
  please do n't laugh . 
  i 'm going to watch the movie today , but why do this people are a bit hypocritical ? 
  they are in hollywood making millions of dollars , and yet , they mock us , and mock the people who want to follow their dreams . 
  even those have the average facial structure . 
  it 's like a requirement . 
  [ average facial structure . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_rqr-1ncfkza/tp09zwmarfi/aaaaaaaacte/usihtkckd7s/s1600/boardwalk-empire-recap-episode-12-finale-a-return-to-normalcy-jimmy-nucky.jpg ), 
  1 in millions . 
  exception to the rule . 
  you need to back it off !, 
  does he need to back it off ? 
  they left some more at home . 
  what have you already seen from ryan gosling ? 
  lars and the real girl ? 
  half nelson ? 
  drive ? 
  crazy stupid love ? 
  okey , you did n't like the movies , but what about the actor himself ? 
  ryan gosling can deliver . 
  i had a girl we can say probably last year , in my class , to whom i talked a lot , or better yet , she talked to me a lot , tried to start a lot of conversations in school , but i sometimes denied because coldplay . 
  i caught her looking at me sometimes , we used to have real nice conversations , first i really had a good conversation with a girl was with her to whom which i got attracted to . 
  so , one day , i asked her if she could send me some homework shit that i had missed because i missed class because i was too busy browsing reddit and watching breaking bad to even sleep , and so she did , she wrote me a wall of text of homework , i thanked her , and then she just replied with dry short texts , so i cut that shit , and stopped replying , after the 1st text she sent me after the wall of text . 
  so this is what i do n't get , she was really friendly , and was always trying to start a conversation with me at school and personally , yet , via text she was fucking dry , that was a turn off and i cut it . 
  so , june comes and summer vacations , i stop talking to her , and then december comes , 1 week before christmas , i sent her a text and tell her merry christmas , to which she replied , `` thank you , how are you ? 
  '' , i replied , then she replied , and i completely stopped there and deleted her number . 
  so , two things here , or she was interested in me when she knew me and i let a lot of time pass , as in , 6 to 10 months , or she was n't interested in me and it was just some kind of boost to my self-esteem that got crushed a few weeks ago when i noticed that i will never be an hollywood because i 'm too ugly . 
   if she starts to send you texts when she gets up , this is even better . 
  2008 , my first girlfriend in the 10th grade , for one week . 
  i 've been single since . 
  but christof waltz has the requirement , look at that chin and jawline , that 's the average requirement , from what i see . 
  daniel day lewis and christof waltz have those characteristics , and every time i 'm watching something , i 'm looking at facial structures , and everyone is the same . 
  jesus fucking christ , if hollywood is like that , then i 'm fucked , even if i sold everything i own and moved and was talented as fuck . 
  but all the people you see in film or tv are what you consider not real . 
  look at the cast of how i met your mother , look at the cast of modern family , look at the cast of house , look at the cast of breaking bad , look at the cast of parks and recreation , whatever , and also those 3 a-list actors you mentioned are n't bad looking . 
  those actors , all of them , they have that facial requirement , i 'm noticing every day on film/tv , and that 's making me depressed . 
  why do i want to do it ? 
  to move to hollywood ? 
  because in my country , portugal , there is a shitty industry in which there is no union for actors , there are no other things that you have in hollywood , you have no deep indies like the ones in ryan gosling 's career , there is no winter 's bone where jennifer lawrence got her first oscar nomination , mostly there is no good industry here , just shitty soap operas where the lightning is set like sun whether it 's night or day , outside or inside , the actors are not great , and this country has more reality tv shit than people who want to work and create art . 
  i feel really good , my anxiety lowers , my breathing pattern slows , even my heart rate slows down when i 'm watching something that is well done , and that i like , and all those things come from hollywood . 
  those are things that make me comfortable in my life . 
  i 'm going to the movies this week , alone , just to watch something and feel good or bad depends on the movie , but i want that just for me , and i want to be apart of that . 
  yeah , i think that 's it . 
  well , that 's what i want yes , but , looks matter , and i do n't have them . 
  that 's why in the op , i told you not to laugh about it , because i 'm seriously getting depressed as fuck because of that . 
  and i think becoming a director is harder than becoming an actor . 
  and i would love to do both . 
  first acting , then in the end of my career , directing . 
  but , * looks * . 
  i 'm not afraid to work , i 'm afraid of putting myself to work and receiving nothing in exchange , which in the acting industry , i should expect to , but i should expect it because of my non-existent talent , not my looks . 
  i think i should find work first in my country and then moving , or just move and try for a few years there . 
  psychological damage ? 
  i already have it . 
  what deeper issues ? 
  what happened to you ? 
  that 's a fucking joke right there . 
  because it was awesome . 
  well , i came here for a link of sasha grey fucking . 
  searched the whole thread , no links . 
  ^ come ^ on . 
  it really did n't . 
  batman begins seems really cool , watched like 30 minutes of it on tv a week or two ago , and it seemed really cool . 
  ^ yeah , ^ i , ^ yet , ^ only ^ watched ^ the ^ dark ^ knight . 
  well , i was bullied throughout school , in 2010 had to move cities , so i 've lost most of the contact with my friends , i do n't have a job , and the only thing that makes me happy is tv/film , but this dream is from when i was younger . 
  this keeps me company and happy , and at the same time sad , alone and depressed . 
  what unhealthy survival skills ? 
  i 'm living normally . 
  thanks . 
  fuck ashton kutcher for playing steve jobs , fuck hollywood . 
  no , i ca n't , because she is a 10/10 . 
  but i was wondering if celebrities do the nod of acknowledge like if they were acquaintances . 
  `` hey , sup , i saw you in a movie . '', 
  * nod *, 
  * nod *, 
  and i love her , please marry me natalie portman !, 
  op is not black . 
  but nice monologue there with the manequin . 
  i thought the last tv show will smith did was fresh prince of bel-air . 
   european redditors who are n't exploited like whores by internet providers rejoice as all the shitty 80 's american pop-culture no longer floods reddit . 
  i think i 've been only been eating mostly fat for the past few years , i 'm tall , 6 ' 4 '' , but skinny , 175lbs / 180lbs , but my face is so fucking greasy , jesus fucking christ . 
  i really like pizza , burgers with cheese , etc. 
  burgers i eat them every 3 days or so , pizza , every week or two weeks . 
  is n't taylor swift that guy from twilight ? 
  on nbc it 's not . 
  and watcha gon na do about it ? 
  nigga , i 'm in your face !,
