  it 's like if you want to imitate a voice of someone , if you do it the whole day , you will get the hang of it and it will just sound like your own voice , and after a while , you do n't get self-conscious about it , and you do it because that new voice is your voice now . 
  that 's , what i think ddl method acting . 
  anthony hopkins is different , he prepares , he knows what he has to do , and when the time comes he does it . 
  if he has to imitate a voice , he has some kind of memory and when the time comes he turns that voice on and he imitates it . 
  i never did what ddl does , but i 'd like someday to be able to method act the fuck out of something and just be the character for the entire time . 
  it seems so fucking fun , you put the voice of abraham lincoln and go shopping and ask for shit in his voice , and get a limp like house , and you limp , and then you are fucking rude to people because that 's how house behaves . 
  that should be so fucking fun . 
  he only * had * like 7 million dollars of debt , that 's like half a movie for him . 
  and the oscar for best leading actor goes to ,, 
  daniel day-lewis in leo . 
  can i be in the film aswell ? 
  i could be a supporting actor . 
  and i should be nominated aswell . 
  i wonder what would jane levy say if i booked a ticket from portugal to la , went to the set of suburgatory and asked her out on a date . 
  i would probably be so fucking shut down because i 'm so fucking ugly . 
  then , after being so miserable i would hijack a plane and kill myself . 
  such is life . 
  `` sir , why are you dressed in normal clothes ? 
  sir , are you a terrorist ? '', 
  `` sir , are you in the military ? '', 
  `` yes , i plan to bomb this shit from within . '', 
  with my nonfacialhairgrowthskill , i might be a fucking suicide bomber . 
  a known worldwide band with grammys has no talent ? 
  you must be really fucking high . 
  chris martin took a month to learn the backward lyrics . 
  for bulding muscle or to make them bigger , what does matter most ? 
  3000 + calories per day , or 1gr of protein per lbs of weight ? 
  or both ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 180lbs and i 'd like to know . 
  what about people who lift weights and want to lose fat loss , does the overuse injury risk is higher ? 
  also , for bulding muscle , what does matter most ? 
  3000 + calories per day , or 1gr of protein per lbs of weight ? 
  or both ? 
  dude , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 180lbs , and i thought i was eating a lot , until i started to eat 3000 calories a day . 
  i think i cried the first day i ate so much because i thought i would never be able to do it again , it 's really a lot of fucking food . 
  you think you eat a lot because you snack a lot . 
  do n't snack and eat full meals . 
  try to do it like me one day . 
  breakfast & midday snack - each, 
  * 100gr oats, 
  * 1 banana, 
  * 1 yogurt, 
  * 500ml whole milk, 
  * 4 slices of bread, 
  * 4 slices of cheese, 
  lunch & dinner - each, 
  * 100gr pasta, 
  * 100gr tuna, 
  * 500ml whole milk, 
  that 's 3400 calories . 
  eat that and let me know . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  before stopping for a few months , i was going monday/wednesday/friday , and trying to do atleast 2 times each group of muscles . 
  monday , i would do shoulders/chest/tricep , wednesday , back/legs/bicep , and friday , shoulders/chest/tricep , or shoulders every other day to exercise shoulders every week , i gain like 10lbs in 3 months , which i do n't think is a lot , but i was doing sl and then changed to a split and i never had access to protein , and i only ate 3000 + calories one or two days per week , and keeping at 2500 - 2800 every other day . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and went from 175lbs to 180lbs or 185lbs i think , and i have 20 % bodyfat , i was wondering if you stick to the recommended protein intake every day , it would lower my bodyfat but increase muscle , but i 've read on / r/fitness that it 's impossible to gain muscle without gaining fat aswell . 
  thanks . 
  it 's fun for me aswell reading it because i have no idea of what most things are , despite having done a year of biology and chemistry . 
  but thanks for the reply . 
  i was actually thinking in buying some protein and try it for one month or two to see the results , having 1 or 2 protein shakes per day and drink atleast 1 liter of whole milk with it . 
  i do n't know if it will fuck up my kidneys and create kidney stones , which is a thing i do n't want to happen because i 've read it hurts like a motherfucker . 
  and yeah , i made some progress but this is was almost with no protein , the only protein i got was from milk , meat and oats , i never bought protein because it 's expensive as fuck 5lbs is 60 $ and i do n't know how much time a 5lbs bag will last me , due to me having to have an average intake every day of atleast 180gr of protein which is a fucking lot , but if it will help me greatly achieving my desired weight and gain muscle faster and better i suppose i could try and have some whey protein powder every day to see if i get better results . 
  between taking it and not taking it and waste 60 $ every two months if a 5lbs lasts me 2 months , what do you recommend ? 
  i thought the post-workout protein was just a myth , i 've read somewhere that it is n't important to have a protein shake after working out . 
  thanks . 
  jesus , all the karma i could have earn with jane levy . 
  she is actually that person i would instant wife 10/10 would grow old with . 
  i would wife jane levy so much i would only leave her side when i 'm fucking old , and dead , and even then , i would come back as a fucking soul and haunt every one who got close to her . 
  she is mine . 
  the whole sleeping on the couch thing looks like just another thing people took too serious from the hollywood movies . 
  i think it 's disrespectful as fuck . 
  and vanessa hudgens and ashley benson . 
  you just have to be better than the 5 shitty auditions in the website . 
  it 's 10 now . 
  two are good , the rest are shitty . 
  but what do you think , was it a bad purchase ? 
  or i just need to change the cable to a dvi one ? 
  ah thanks , well , the text in the screen is cool , i like it , but i went to youtube and watched some coldplay videos in 1080p and i did n't like it that much , do n't know if it 's the videos or the monitor . 
  i have some 1080p movies aswell , les mis\u00e9rables , life of pi , lincoln and zero dark thirty and they are a little shitty , maybe it 's just the compression because the text is really clear , i 'm downloading lincoln from another release to see how it looks . 
  i just wanted to know that in comparison to the other acer , the bid one , it is n't that worse . 
  thanks . 
  i really do n't know what viewing angle is , and with this brightness i have i 'm using flux anyway , i 've been using flux for a year or two now , and i prefer to use it . 
  i 'll need to get a dvi cable then . 
  thanks . 
  be cool for once , please . 
  please . 
  i had the same happen to me , sold a 3ds for 250 $ , provided tracking and was ruled against . 
  paypal chargebacked , do you think i cared ? 
  no , i did n't . 
  if you cook like a king i do n't know why this vet just ressurected this fucking chicken you fucking cunt !, 
  yeah , i should become an actor . 
  yeah , i should become a director . 
  yeah , i should go to film school . 
  yeah , i want jane levy to be my girlfriend and wife . 
  jane levy . 
  have you done it yet ? 
  i still have n't seen a good one , except for a girl that submitted twice , but she overacted a bit . 
  other than that , it 's just almost people from / tv / submitting , or atleast they look like it , with fedoras and crazy hair colors . 
  kalpen randjitiash is not that good of a name to callback . 
  brad pitt or johnny depp are cooler . 
  spain is the mexico of europe .
