  edit : anyway , it went quite well , we shared some stories that we 've heard or happened to us , and it was quite enjoyable , atleast for me . 
  so many eggs . 
  how are your intestines ? 
  so many eggs fucks up your system . 
  thanks . 
  the thing is , that intense eye contact during presentations in class is what makes me think , how can see almost eye fuck me in a presentation , and outside the class barely looks at me ? 
  i 'm confused to be honest , that shit makes me think . 
  the religion conversation started last week , when we were in a portuguese class and i went to talk to the teacher about the way colors are perceived by people and she lead the conversation about the mourning period people do after someone they like dies and the color black is used , then it escalated to a religion conversation and the girl also joined the conversation because she was right in front of the teacher . 
  class ends , we go outside and for the first time , she follows me outside and continues to talk , religion , and then movies about supernatural things , like paranormal activity and such , she also does n't believe in bloody mary . 
  i pratically ended the conversation with telling her , when we went inside again to change classrooms and as we are grabbing our stuff to leave our classmates started to make a lot of noise and i told her that i could n't hear her due to the sound that our classmates were doing . 
  i should have told her to send me a text and that we should continue to talk about this through text , but fuck that . 
  it was an interesting conversation that we had , and it seems that when we talk we have always something to say to one another , but i do n't know , girls think different , and she might be just talking to me because i 'm intelligent or share the same interests , like films , know how to talk religion stuff . 
  either way , eye contact still messes with me , and that 's just the only thing i ca n't decipher . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice . 
  she is a good public speaker , she really is . 
  she started to look at everyone , but then only at me . 
  is she comfortable with me or does n't care about looking at me because she knows that if she fails i 'm not that important and i 'm the only one she does n't care about the reaction i could have if she fails ? 
  i will try , possibly i wo n't be talking to her in the next couple of weeks , because easter holidays and shit . 
  anyway , will * try * to do what you said , thanks . 
  i am trying to fake confidence so that might be it . 
  i do n't think i am that good looking or that interesting so when a girl talks to me i just assume she is messing with me or mocking me or that kind of thing . 
  thanks . 
  probably , but since i 've never had that much of a luck with girls , i do n't think this is it , i feel that she is just mind fucking me or something . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm in portugal , how can i help ? 
   intelligent ( people can be intelligent without a formal education ), 
  this is true . 
  people do n't need to be book smart to be intelligent , if you have a phd , probably it 's only in a field where you are comfortable with . 
  people need to be street/life smart , know how to deal with problems when they appear in front of them . 
  good luck op , sends us pictures . 
  how tall are you ? 
  and how much you weight ? 
  you look 6 ' 4 '' , 160lbs . 
  yeah !, 
  you look like me !, 
  my nigga !, 
  starbucks , subway , mcdonalds , burger king . 
  ** hhnnnnnnnnngggg . 
  * death *, 
  i listen to coldplay . 
  20 year old male , go . 
  staircase is cool . 
  especially this [ live version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7y4j5eush8 ) . 
  also , no surprises . 
  well , there was this girl in class , she sometimes looks at me , i clearly do n't know why , and one day she was right in front of me , i look at her and she was looking at me , i from nowhere say `` i like your shoes . '', 
  she went '' :| thank you '' , like if i had said something offensive . 
  what the fuck ? 
  never again . 
  yeah , i was kind in a goofy mood and she looks at me a lot , so i looked down , her shoes had a little ribbon or something , so i just said yeah `` i liek ur shooz . 
  '' , but now that you mention it it could be a bit awkward . 
  thank you for making me see that it was awkward . 
  i laughed !, 
  you saying that , but i stopped watching for a couple of weeks , got back again on s02e10 , and i had completely forgot about t-dog , i think at e11 or e12 he had a line , and i yelled `` oh , there you are , i completely forgot about you ! '', 
  yet , he is a very likable character , he is cool . 
  i hope he gets to talk more in season 3 . 
  i want to move to us , because hollywood , because tapings of tv shows , because fast food is cheaper than here , and i can become fat while eating taco bell everyday . 
  also medicinal marijuana obtainable with a card prescribed by the doctor . 
  but mainly movies and food . 
  i 'm portuguese , so fast food here is or very expensive or non existent . 
  only mcdonalds , pizzahut and burger king exist here , and they are expensive as fuck . 
  i looked at taco bell website and i saw 20 tacos at 10 $ , jesus fucking christ . 
  i would fucking orgasm just eating that everyday for so fucking cheap . 
  5 tacos breakfast , 5 tacos lunch , 5 tacos along the day snack , 5 tacos at dinner . 
  ** hhnnnnnnnnggggggggggg . 
  so good . 
  * heartattack *, 
  i would like live in california or new york , and attend tappings of david letterman , conan , craig ferguson , jimmy fallon and jimmy kimmel , while eating 20 tacos during the tapping . 
  yeah , 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs guy transformed into 6 ' 4 '' 600lbs usa redneckbeard !, 
  ` murica !, 
  california !, 
  here we come !, 
  on the stereo, 
  listen as we go, 
  nothing 's gon na stop me now, 
  california here we come, 
  as long as i can smoke weed , browse reddit , see films , and eat fast food , so i can get fatter and fatter , i go anywhere . 
  i just wo n't have medical assistance if i need one . 
  ` murica !, 
  i do n't know . 
  never been there . 
  it 's one of my life goals thing , go there or live there , i do n't know . 
  usa sounds like the epitome of awesome . 
  i remember a friend telling me that he went there , and bought 1 $ shirts . 
  where the fuck can you get that in portugal ? 
  no way !, 
  well , the high school , college experience might be better aswell . 
  i 'm 20 , so , but i 've never had the chance to take a girl to a high school prom , because there are no proms here or had the crazy college experience , but this was because i 'm socially awkward , and do n't really like to get drunk and party like the normal teenager . 
  our drug laws for what i know are shit , we still ca n't possess or smoke marijuana so , they are not that great , you can still smoke there , not here . 
  also , how much is the square feet there ? 
  in regards of renting a house , and how much is your minimum wage ? 
  i think the laws are similar , if you get caught if something above x , you will go to prison or pay a fine i do n't know about it . 
  thanks for the info , in oregon they get paid almost 3 times more than in here , well life is life . 
  really ? 
  that 's a bit bad compared the 4 million of you to the 10 million here , yet you have a better salary and as i said earlier you can eat cheaper than us . 
  we have 13.6 % in here . 
  ah that 's great . 
  portugal had a program like that , you know what happened ? 
  nothing , construction and improvement of schools were halted for an indeterminate period of time , schools without proper canteen ( right word ? ), 
  equipment , do n't have electricity to cook their own food , have to buy food from outside , kids eat their food cold as fuck , it 's the only `` warm '' meal they have per day , also they get a tiny portion that wo n't feed them well . 
  also funding for kids to go to college are less and less , people are dropping from college due to not having money to pay for their tuitions , also , tuitions are cheaper , a lot cheaper than the ones i see on the usa .
