  i said this above in the thread , but i had this girl who would always try to start a conversation with me in person , and seemed interested in most of the shit i had to say , but while texting , she did n't care , and i stopped giving a fuck aswell . 
  it 's usually the other way around , they text a lot , but do n't talk personally , but with this girl i do n't know , she talked a lot in person and not by text . 
  well , fuck it . 
  are you talkative in person but not in text ? 
  this has happened to me , but i do n't know if the girl actually liked me or not . 
  imagine me not going out for a year , and then talking to a girl . 
  this sucks . 
  when i was in the 10th grade , i talked to this girl , and we talked mostly from the moment we woke up to the moment we would go to sleep . 
  but , i think i did n't know how to do things , because one day i told her i liked her , she shut me down , and we even had go out and eat , and whatever , i think i did it wrong , or whatever . 
  i do n't fucking miss it , middle school , high school , fuck school . 
  oh shit nigga , me too . 
  when i was 16 , i got my first girlfriend , she would always text me in the morning , i liked that , but after a week , she broke up , and the morning texts stopped . 
  well , fuck it . 
  i do n't care anymore . 
  probably the guy who wrote the bible . 
  hey gurl , wan na come over and lick my ice-cream ? 
  do not anyone know you have money . 
  fuck everyone else !, 
  we are no longer in touch . 
  get the hell out of my basement !, 
  i once saw a documentary about sloths , and the women taking care of them , would pick them up , put them in a tree , and then the sloth would poop and then smile . 
  ah , the simple pleasures of life . 
  yeah , i watched it on tv though . 
  i 'm an introverted person , and i 'd like to be an actor/filmmaker . 
  step 1 : be introverted . 
  get your mutrinents now !, 
  they already bought some land for their hq in the uk , i hope they come to portugal really really quick , possibly in the next few months . 
  ^ i ^ know . 
  shhhhh , you will die tonight . 
  dae came here to say ? 
  yeah , i think he could have been different in the way he interviewed jane levy , she 's so cute and perfect , i think something could have been done for her not to feel so awkward . 
  yes , i like jane levy !, 
  she has something that i really like , not sure if are her lips or her boobs . 
  but i definitely fancy her , she really has something . 
  it seems that he did . 
  saying `` half-life 3 soon . '', 
  can you hear ? 
  ah the rine is no working . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  yeah . 
  daniel day-lewis is playing britta . 
  1/1 crazy, 
  op , just let me tell you , fuck you . 
  i have some breathing problems , and i still do n't know if i need to have a surgery , but fuck you , i 'm afraid of waking up in the middle of the surgery . 
  i have some breathing problems , and i still do n't know if i need to have a surgery , but fuck that , i 'm afraid of waking up in the middle of the surgery . 
   the reason people do surface back to consciousness is because they want to keep you barely under because going way under can cause other problems . 
  as i said above two times , i have some breathing problems and i still do n't know if i will need surgery or not , but what are the other problems you refer to ? 
  with jessica alba ? 
  and then the guy that was under surgery woke up during the middle of the surgery and died . 
  so what do you think it was ? 
  did they all see it and it happened , or were they all crazy after all ? 
  what the fuck happened ? 
  off the hook . 
  what 's ** that ** supposed to mean ? 
  i love you back . 
  jesus , i only see one person in the picture . 
  ^ but ^ really ^ mae ^ whitman ^ is ^ really ^ cute . 
   male attractiveness definitely affects career choices . 
  what if i 'm ugly but i want to be an actor ? 
  that guy must have some serious acting skill , but on imdb he does n't even have awards . 
  my favorite band is coldplay , ^ and ^ reddit ^ hates ^ coldplay , but they put them on some fucking awesome live shows , 99 % of the time i only listen to live music . 
  have n't seen the 3rd episode . 
  i heard that the 4th is fucking awesome because of her . 
   the less good audio quality, 
  you are listening/downloading/streaming to the wrong shit then . 
  actually that fix you is from tokyo in 2009 . 
  the way they did the live 2012 is one of the best things i 've ever seen in my life . 
  but yeah , they do have really awesome live performances . 
   distract you from the music . 
  only if you do it wrong . 
  the other two yes , but i guarantee you that that fix you is from tokyo in 2009 . 
  is that the one where he runs when they are playing fix you ? 
  okey , check [ this out ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i22uaqckffa ) . 
  3:45 , fucking awesome . 
  oh sorry , not the music , the video is from tokyo 2009 , the music yes , it 's from leftrightleftrightleft . 
  i actually think , is it really that important texting , that you ca n't pull the car over for a few minutes and just text or call the person who you need to talk to ? 
  jesus , most of those texts or calls are not even life or death situations . 
  well , they are if you ran over someone . 
  ^ do n't ^ forget ^ about ^ that . 
  the music i listen on the computer , phone , whatever , is live . 
  unfortunately , i was never able to attend a coldplay concert , but most of the music i hear from them is live recordings . 
  shut the fuck up merry cone . 
  i 'm not trying to make you feel bad , i 'm just sincerely asking why do n't you do it ? 
  is it because you are unable ? 
  or is it difficult for you ? 
  i 'm not judging , i 'm just sincerely asking a question . 
  how old were you ? 
  i 'm 21 , and still a virgin . 
  fuck people who do n't understand seriously . 
  she 's so fine . 
  180 blaze it we did it, 
  and it 's off the hook . 
  was it off the hook ? 
  can you live comfortably there with a us minimum wage ? 
  i live in portugal and the minimum wage here is 485 $ / ~ 600 $ ( i think ) , to live comfortably in dubai how much would you need to make per month ? 
  saving this for when i get married , probably in 20 years . 
  in portugal , we make 4 $ / hour i think , it 's like 2 $ or 3 $ . 
  so i guess it is n't that easy . 
  it 's 485 $ per month , not per week . 
  i would just give scripts to everyone , and tell them , `` i want to be an actor , please put me in your movie , i 'm such a big fan !,
