   and if we are trying to bulk you know we should n't run and that kind of stuff because it will take away the weight we are putting on . 
  what ? 
  did you read the faq on / r/fitness ? 
  no , i do n't take any supplements . 
  also , if you 're bulking and not lifting you will only put on fat , not muscle or the muscle you will put wo n't be that much . 
  please , the next time read the faq 's first and ask the questions after you 've read anything . 
  you want to start eating and lifting at the same time . 
  the recommended workout routine is either ss or sl , read about them on the faq in / r/fitness . 
  installed chrome like 20 minutes ago , it is fucking faster than firefox . 
  and i just needed to install res and adblock . 
   implying ffviii is n't one of the best . 
   implying ffx is n't one of the best . 
  ea games : challenge everything ( yyyyyyaaaauuuuuuffffffffff ), 
  really ? 
  you just made boardwalk empire unwatchable to me then . 
  even though , i started to be a fan of steve buscemi when he said in armaggedon : `` we 're staying , we 're going , we 're staying , we 're going . 
  make up your mind . 
  '' , i just fucking laughed because of the way he said that . 
  ah , nice , thank you , i saw him on saturday night live and he seemed like a really cool guy , but reading that he never tips made me think otherwise , yet i 'm european and people rarely tip here , but since he is an american it 's a different thing . 
  i did n't get the reference then . 
  well , fuck tarantino then . 
  are you going for another ama soon ? 
  also , congratulations on being in one of the best tv shows ever and one of my favorite aswell . 
  jesus , an actor replied to me !, 
  thank you !, 
  even if i am confident , my nose will always be in the way . 
  it 's true . 
  because as i said above , even if i am confident , my nose will always be in the way . 
  so , i 'm ugly , and if i fake confidence , i will just come of as creepy , so , what you said is true . 
  you just have to watch a girl if she is ugly , acting like if she was hot , you will think that she is just arrogant . 
  or maybe i 've been brainwashed by high school . 
  i tried this ( just because i was the stuck up nice guy who would always do anything if asked and decided to have another personality ) on a girl who in the beggining of the school year was always trying to talk to me , and was always looking at me . 
  know , she does n't even look or talk to me . 
  i do n't think it works 60 % of the time it works everytime . 
  pics or ca n't believe it . 
  i usually open up on reddit , and talk about problems that exist , because people here some listen , some not , but usually it 's a good community , you do n't have to fake anything , you talk , and you discuss things . 
  out there , if you want to achieve something , you have to fake something , you have to be a hypocrit , a liar , or just fake confidence . 
  if i fake confidence , with my face , i 'm seen as an arrogant fuck . 
  did you bought your wizard hat and robe from the vendor already ? 
  yeah , because if she sees the true nerd , with fucking acne , room stuffed with dos wallpapers and codes in the notepad , well , yeah . 
  a cute chick to me , gets less attractive to me after she opens her mouth and shit comes out of it . 
  jesus , how the fuck do this like you and all the indie films are doing ? 
  teach me , i love this `` indie '' thing everyone is doing now , it 's just so fucking great . 
  where did you get the award images and texts ? 
  and what font is that ? 
  and what program do you use to edit ? 
  jesus fucking christ , that shit was awesome !, 
  well , i am like this too . 
  maybe because of anxiety and ocd , but oh well . 
  will it give that much of a profit ? 
  because if yes , i have a guild bank full with 3 tabs full of ores and herbs . 
  so life is n't true ? 
  what am i living now ? 
  is this fiction ? 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !, 
  oh yeah , these happened 2 times to me this year . 
  2 times . 
  once again , these hapened 2 times to me this year . 
  2 times . 
  yet , they were probably not attracted to me . 
  at the moment , of not getting someone that will love me and that i will have to be able to share the things i like in life with . 
  i would really like to have a girlfriend that i would be able to share the things that are still making me alive and wanting to live tomorrow . 
  my friends do n't really care , and i ca n't share anything with them . 
  maybe i have shitty friends . 
  or probably , i just need someone to talk to . 
  in the future , not making my parents proud of what i 've made with my life . 
  saving this for when i have an android . 
  thanks man . 
  oh snap dude , high five !, 
  pictures are indeed good , and the eclipse is so strong that i did a clint eastwood look while looking at them . 
  this is what i always think about . 
  i 'm 20 , have n't been in a relationship since i 'm 16 , which last 1 week , because i was naive , and told her i loved her , after she told me she was falling for me . 
  now , everytime a girl talks to me , i remember about that quote from eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , `` why do i fall in love with every woman i see who shows me the least bit of attention ? '' . 
  this has been happening to me in the last couple of months , i have n't had any contact with anyone for about an year or so , and i got back to school this year , i 've started to chat with these two girls , which are rather intelligent and know their shit , but after talking to them , i have this feeling that if they would ask me out i would just say yes and date them for years . 
  maybe i have this sense of first opportunity , or i just really fall fast for someone , which makes me think , because i do n't have this feeling for every girl i talk too , because i see that i do n't like her way of talking or her personality or other thing . 
  maybe this is just normal , or maybe i really do have this sense of first opportunity because i 'm alone for so long . 
  what if i 'm not happy because i 'm not in a relationship , but i 'm happy overall , single ? 
  probably the second reason . 
  yes . 
  film / tv . 
  if i have the luck of finding a good tv show , like i did with entourage or breaking bad , i will just lose all the contact outside and merge into this world . 
  with films aswell . 
  it is the only thing in the world that i can say that fully completes me . 
  like batman completes joker . 
  and it is the only thing that i would have the will to study and have a future on . 
  i was talking on msn about it yesterday with someone and i told that i 'm like a walking film and tv bible , someone will say the name of the movie or of a tv show and i will tell you when it was released , what were the actors , the directors and if it won any award . 
  i 'm into whatever thing about film/tv , i can watch and catch bad edits , mannerisms or ticks about the actors , what they are doing bad or well , sometimes i can tell you just by looking at 2 seconds of a clip of something and tell you what the director is , or what show is . 
  i 'm trying not to be arrogant because i do n't know shit about film or tv , i wish i would , but i want to be like martin scorsese . 
  i think it was mark walhberg that said that martin scorsese knows every movie ever made and can talk about it if he needs to tell an actor to watch it . 
  also samuel jackson said that quentin tarantino explains a scene to an actor talking about scenes from other movies , so i want to be like them or better , which is pratically impossible . 
  but yeah , just by reading what i 'm writing you can possibly see that i get too excited talking about film or tv . 
  also , this is the one thing that i ca n't talk to friends about , because they do n't really care , i ca n't share that a movie is opening or to watch a movie . 
  i would like to have someone in my life to share this things and my enthusiasm , probably a girlfriend , my friends do n't really care . 
  i do n't really care either , because if i have a good film or a good tv show to watch , i really do n't care about the world outside . 
  just me and a screen . 
  i 've watched it a year ago i think , and yesterday it was on the television , but i was so tired that i was just able to watch until the time joel [ had the guys come to his house to erase his motherfucking mind ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  upvote to you too . 
  sometimes i do n't understand my brain , it 's so fucked up . 
  those determinations you are talking about about being interested , are somewhat confusing to my brain , because i can talk to the girl i 'm attracted to , today and thinking while i 'm laying in bed about a life together and other shit , but that thing fades away very quickly if i do n't talk to her for about 1 week , probably due to ocd , i guess . 
  i get irrational sometimes and sometimes i get this jealously feeling when the girl i 'm attracted to is talking to someone else and i think this is not healthy because in a week if i do n't talk to her i do n't care , or i care but forget very fast if another girl talks to me and i this cycle repeats .
