  my best friend just told me i might not be suited for programming because he thinks i do not have a logical capacity . 
  maybe i 'm just not suited to solve problems or puzzles that come with programming . 
  thanks for the advice , it 's really nice when something is n't working and you fix it and it works , but as i 've read countless times , programming is almost 90 % debugging and fixing issues than stuff working . 
  damn , those guys at udacity and udemi are expensive . 
  with the very small experience i have , i 've already noticed that a few times . 
  going to back to older exercises i can see that i could have done things differently but with the same result . 
  web development is cool , i would like to also learn how to create a crawler and search websites for specific stuff and save them on a database . 
  but this stuff is a very long way from me . 
  i also do n't have any career prospects and this seems fun , when it is . 
   recursion, 
  that 's a tough one , i still have n't understood it , that 's why i got stuck at factorialize a number . 
   do n't ever listen to people who say that your brain is n't wired the right way . 
  it 's my best friend , think he was being honest with me . 
  i 'm very pratical and very impulsive , i do n't try and think too long on a solution for something , that 's probably why he thinks i ca n't solve logical stuff . 
  thing is i 've done some programming stuff by actually staying a few hours looking at it and solving it logically . 
  but i get where he is coming from . 
  i 've watched a 6h long youtube video of a guy teaching javascript , jquery and json , i think that was the best method for me . 
  i do n't really any problems that i want to solve . 
  i would like to build a crawler though for a specific website , get , for example , a number from a website , save it to a database , etc. 
  imagine a gambling website that i want to know how much profit they make , i want to build a crawler that grabs the value of the prize of a winner and save it to a database . 
  i think that 's what i have in mind . 
  maybe a midi to flac/mp3 conversion website since the ones that exist are full of ads , i 'd like to build my own , that would be awesome . 
  i 'd like to venture into learning about api 's and maybe build a web chat like the one from socket.io or that kind of stuff . 
  but the one from socket.io does n't really teach you much , it 's more of a copy and paste thing . 
  stuff like that . 
  thanks dude . 
  i feel the same way about codecademy . 
  it 's really fun , but the information does n't really stick with you because it 's all there . 
  i do n't think it 's bad if he did solo stuff combining that he had n't left coldplay or was putting the band on hold so he could do a solo album . 
  i 'd like to hear a chris martin solo album . 
  chris martin and his piano . 
  that would be awesome . 
  thanks dude . 
  thanks for the advice , good luck . 
  i have a growth mindset when it comes to piano . 
  i 've started by not being able to play simple chords , now i can play a few difficult songs , and i have very few hours of practice . 
  i just thought that i wanted to learn that song and i practiced it . 
  in a few hours , that difficult chords became quite easy . 
  maybe it 's the same with programming , it just takes longer since it 's more logic than dexterity and fast reaction times . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 've posted somewhere else in the thread that i 'd like to build a web crawler or a midi to flac/mp3 conversion website , but if i only know ifs/elses/whiles / fors , i have no idea how to fetch information from a page nor do i understand the basics of music conversion algorithms , how am i supposed to work on those projects ? 
  i 'd like to build a crawler . 
  i 'm interested in manipulating information and fetching it from a webpage , that would be cool . 
  do you have any idea of any projects you can do without that complex math you 're talking about ? 
  i would like to learn javascript and nodejs . 
  i work with two developers who work with nodejs and c # . 
  those languages interest me . 
  but i 've seen some c # code and it seems very dense . 
  and i feel really bad because i have no idea what `` create your interface and create placeholders for your data '' mean . 
  i know the basics , if/else , while , for , etc. 
  i 've done everything on codecademy regarding javascript , last exercise being the `` build a cash register '' , with a bit of google here and there . 
  i would like to build a web crawler or a midi to flac/mp3 conversion website . 
  i never watched stoner race , so i would very much enjoy seeing him vs rossi , marquez , lorenzo and pedrosa . 
  damn , rossi did n't win . 
  stoner was an amazing rider and so was pedrosa . 
  nope . 
  chris still played the hymn for the weekend piano , but i think the backtrack if for him to move around the stage and engage with the crowd instead of being sat on the piano . 
  yeah , i do n't want to do that and pass out for being 12 hours standing . 
  i 'm going alone though . 
  nice . 
  if i invest in their co-executive producer or executive producer , will i be able to get any profit if the feature gets sold or goes out to the theater ? 
  if i invest in their co-executive producer or executive producer , will i be able to get any profit if the feature gets sold or goes out to the theater ? 
  if i invest in their co-executive producer or executive producer , will i be able to get any profit if the feature gets sold or goes out to the theater ? 
  thank you , i guess the dream is dead . 
  thank you , i guess the dream is dead . 
  not worth the investment then . 
  otherwise i would spend $ 50k into this . 
  yeah , but most likely wo n't be a contract . 
  everything will go through the website . 
  damn . 
  i wish the dream was real . 
  portugal !, 
  what happened ? 
  i 'm also flying from portugal to berlin to watch them live for the first time . 
  this is so nice . 
  god fucking dammit . 
  not sure why you are being downvoted . 
  that 's exactly what fallen is doing . 
  he can then move to one of the three positions where fer might appear . 
  no squat rack . 
  only smith machine . 
  afraid of getting injured by smith machine . 
  should i just do dumbbell squats , lunges , etc ? 
  i 'm going back to the gym after being away for a year . 
  i 've put on almost 90lbs in one year . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and weighed closed to 135lbs . 
  some ocd meds and a lot of hunger after , and i 'm at 220lbs but all fat . 
  low weight barbell squats would be ok , but i would need to put the bar on my shoulders since there are no racks . 
  not sure how i would do that . 
  i 've done it before , but i 'm afraid of just injuring myself . 
  i can not understand the lyrics , except a few phrases . 
  i do n't really find it amusing . 
  never heard coldplay doing something similar to this honestly . 
  on the guitar , which i have n't played in a while , i loved to play spies . 
  i played some more like do n't panic , yellow , high speed , we never change , the scientist , warning sign , cemeteries of london , yes , violet hill , a message , swallowed in the sea and til ' kingdom come . 
  on the piano , i started in january a few hours here and there , i 've learned clocks , the scientist , trouble , amsterdam , live is for living , charlie brown ending , gravity , and i 'm learning everglow , know the beggining and i 'm trying to learn the instrumental part of the song . 
  i 've mostly learned from coldplaying.com tabs and youtube tutorials . 
  however , it seems i mentioned a very large list of songs , i do n't play all of them perfectly nor i am a professional , some of them are pretty easy to learn as they are just a few chords . 
  the most difficult for me to learn on the guitar was spies which has like 10-20 chords . 
  do you have the tab for god put a smile upon your face ?
