  oh yeah no edit, 
  wait let me time something on the keyboard and hack the internet, 
  i 'm in, 
  i 'm currently doing sl and eating 3000 calories per day , and people always tell me to not add any other exercises . 
  but yeah , first i want to get maximum strength , and then switch to a split , i just do n't know where to find one , since most of the people only say ss/sl . 
  i love you more than five guys burgers and fries !, 
  it 's okey jesse . 
  you 're asking me ? 
  and that 's what 's called method acting . 
  why am i reading all of these comments in mike 's voice ? 
  walter is that you ? 
  shut up walter, 
  i 'm gon na kill her walter, 
  kid, 
  shut up kid, 
  breaking house . 
  hugh laurie and bryan cranston . 
  can i make a request baby ? 
  get me a pic where you spread your wings . 
  she died and i died with her . 
  the notebook . 
  i 'll have to start watching tv shows again , it keeps me awake and very very calm , my heartbeat lowers a lot if i 'm watching a tv show or a film , it lowers so much that my breathing patterns look like i 'm sleeping , so yeah , i might do that . 
  thanks . 
  20 seconds of courage , 1 week of crippling anxiety . 
  i added my crush on facebook , i just have to comment one of her status with a picture , if she makes conversation , there you go . 
  what gives me anxiety is to know that i will have to wait for her to reply , and if she does n't reply , that will be awkward . 
  that asian from the dark knight . 
  `` rest assured . 
  your money is ... 
  safe . '', 
  `` hey , does anyone ordered an heisenbrew ? 
  a mr. berg , heisenberg , where are you ? '', 
  `` oh yes , i ordered it . 
  stay out of my territory ! '', 
  it 's my 3rd , 4th week on sl . 
  i 'm 20 , and i do n't eat anything before working out , because i do n't want to get sick and throw up . 
  yeah , and i think chevy chase is n't very likable , and they do n't seem to like him that much . 
  i got that feeling from watching the bloopers . 
  well , some to none , but more than those 20-30 minutes , since i walk to and from my gym , it 's like a 20 minutes walk . 
  since the end of school , i 've been at home everyday , and only started going out to go to the gym , or with my parents for about an hour , other than that i like to be at home . 
  i have nothing to ask , i just want to say , good job , and fuck yeah !, 
  `` literally glued myself to the register on the first day of my new job . 
  i do n't think i 'm overtraining , but i 'll probably go to the doctor . 
  i 'm 20 , and my beard only started out to grow probably 1 year ago , do n't know if that counts for anything . 
  i will have to wake up a little bit earlier to eat before working out , or just go an hour later or two after waking up , otherwise , i will get sick . 
  yeah , i eat after the gym , well , i mostly drink 1 liter of whole milk . 
  do n't say that man . 
  i 'm bored as fuck every day . 
  i get up at 8am , go to the gym at 9am , come at 10am/10 :30 am , eat some oats or drink some milk , wait 1 or 2 hours , have lunch , go back to reddit , eat again , reddit , eat , tv , eat , reddit , take a piss , take a dump 20 times a day , eat until reach calories for the day and go to sleep . 
  on rest days , i 'm even more bored since i have nothing to do . 
  and , my gym has no squat rack , so i 'm stuck doing everything but squats . 
  why did i read that in grandpa abe 's voice ? 
  so kim jong-un is not a retard ? 
  he is actually a fair leader of the country ? 
  i literally went like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k6qgy.gif ) . 
  is this the case of love is blind thing ? 
  because this shit happens with friendships aswell , people get bullied a lot , there was a thread on reddit about this one or two days ago , but they still keep the friendship because they have nobody else . 
  i did it , a friend of mine is still doing it . 
  the difference between me and my friend , is that i have cut all the contact with my shitty friends and he has n't . 
  i read this thread and went to see the movie a 2nd time . 
  you are right . 
  some of the lines are meh , like in harry potter and the goblet of fire , `` people die in this tournament '' is really really cheesy , it could be `` not everyone leaves alive . 
  '' , atleast from my point of view it would be better . 
  in clockwork orange , the line should simply be `` beethoven '' . 
  nonetheless , these posters are fucking awesome . 
  i wish he would do posters for tv shows , breaking bad and house . 
  oh shit , oh shit , please take all my fucking money . 
  i wish he would do posters for tv shows , breaking bad and house . 
  oh shit , oh shit , please take all my fucking money . 
  sure , but i think it gets a little cheesy in the poster , i can imagine that line being said in the film , but in a poster , nope . 
  guy , 20 , 6 ' 4 '' , now . 
  a very beautiful lady which in fact is also a robot . 
  oh yeah future !, 
  that 's a diglet earthquaking another diglet . 
  not with the original and not cracked , csi : the program who fucking enhances everything 2.0 ksajdfheuighfdifhfoipasdhgiorl, 
  no , that 's the version of the program you need to enhance . 
  what are you lifting stats ? 
  and when you started , you did a strength program like ss/sl or you started with a split ? 
  what are you lifting stats ? 
  and when you started , you did a strength program like ss/sl or you started with a split ? 
  `` no need to work legs . '', 
  same problem here , tried to do 70lbs with the ez curl bar , so much fucking pain on the forearms . 
  i read that it 's because your forearms are weak and that you should do some forearm exercises but i do n't know . 
  does n't really look like her , but thanks . 
  that film gave me bad feels . 
  fuck it . 
  [ we need to talk about kevin ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1242460/ ), 
  i googled faye tasker , is she a blonde ? 
  we need to talk about kevin, 
  that movie is fucking awesome , yet [ the eraser mind thing ] ( / spoiler ) makes me cringe , i just do n't like [ the idea of people messing up with your brain . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  what about kill bill and inglourious basterds ? 
  those films were awesome . 
  `` you 're my favourite costumer . '', 
  wins everything . 
  `` oh , hi doggy . '', 
  my friends tell me i 'm good looking and that they want to be as tall as me , 6 ' 4 '' , amiugly tells me i 'm good looking but i need an haircut . 
  i tell myself i 'm ugly . 
  and i also do n't have a girlfriend . 
  bed broke , picked her up , put her against the wall , her facing her back to me , fucked her right there .
