  i am portuguese , so when i was 9 or 10 , my english was n't that good and i could n't understand half of it , so i really did not care about the other shows , but dexter , oh dexter , that shit was fucking great . 
  no man , listen to this , she said `` hey did you fart ? 
  '' , and then the other said `` yep '' , so , farts come from the butts , so they are talking about butts . 
  butts are cool , so it 's cool bro . 
  fol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol !, 
  i would probably just kill myself . 
  10 years , fuck that shit , really , that 's a really long time to spend in a 1x1 square foot cell . 
  that , or prison break . 
  can someone tell me , or enlighten me , since i do n't know shit about where reddit is hosted , ca n't reddit admins host reddit in another country , like an off-shore hosting and continue with reddit opened ? 
  i 'm european , so i have n't read that much about sopa , i 'm sorry . 
  came here to say this . 
  fuck you op , jackie chan fucking rocks . 
  yeah man , fuck you and donald trump , you are both bankrupt bitches who do not donate money to charities , i atleast am on reddit , judging you on caps lock , you fucking suck man !, 
  yeah , i thought about that , but decided to ask it anyway , people could have had the same experience as me , so . 
  okey , thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i am a 19 years old , that spent 5 years at home , going to school and playing wow , do i have anything to tell ? 
  yes , my love for the film and tv industry , my love for coldplay , and other stuff that concerns people worldwide that i have read on reddit . 
  i 'm going to be lucky on getting a girlfriend . 
  * shit . 
  fart and burp all the time too dude , do n't forget that . 
  eye-patch man , eye patch . 
  oh , i 'm chatty , and i 'm a male , we just have to make sure that the topic of the conversation interests me . 
  but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , but , i want to take pretty pictures !, 
  but if you do , come and tell reddit , we are eager to read that stories and laugh . 
  yet , do it , if your date sucks . 
  rainbows , unicorns and shit . 
  no , it was a good reply . 
  maybe i missed something , but i will keep on watching . 
  thanks . 
  what the fuck is this shit ? 
  i 'm going outside with a fucking shotgun to shoot everyone involved in this fucking not even called music . 
  point . 
  blank . 
  and that the first time she did n't get any attention , so she is trying a second time . 
  pirox got sued by blizzard , so got shutdown and pirox ran away with all the money from the bot . 
  no , pirox also got sued by blizzard , it shutdown a couple of weeks ago . 
  yeah right 24000 tickets = 3 hours ? 
  nope . 
  24000 tickets = lifetime around the prize shop . 
  why am i reading all your comments in a british accent ? 
  omg , what have you done to my brain ? 
  it 's cool though . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , so it 's like boob to belly contact . 
  # 5 makes me laugh , because no one really is drawn to me . 
  yes please , someone tell me . 
  due to my social anxiety and anxiety in overall , i always think that if they are staring at me , is because i am ugly as fuck . 
  no thanks . 
  and yet , my friends are always telling me `` oh you are a fucking retard , you just do n't have any attitude , fuck you . '', 
  so , what the fuck should i think ? 
  this is true . 
  i used to watch rwj , then i discovered reddit , and when rwj released an episode , i would just say `` wtf ? 
  i 've already seen this on reddit '' and would just close the tab . 
  i do n't get told anything , i just get stared . 
  please , someone do this . 
  they are , they say the only reason i do n't have a girlfriend is because of my low self-esteem , and they always try to cheer me up . 
  the `` oh you are a fucking retard , you just do n't have any attitude , fuck you '' is said in a very friendly way . 
  yes , please more . 
  on the inside . 
  i once got a client like tom cruise character in collateral , but instead of killing other people , the guy , in a suit , just pointed a gun at me , and asked me for all the money i had . 
  that 's it . 
   p.s. 
  someone has been attracted to you , and as long as you do n't die anytime soon , there will be more . 
  this makes me think . 
  but who ? 
  yo , this, 
   denies the invitation to go to a party just to sit alone with you , in the dark outside while sharing a bottle of wine and moving closer to me i still doubt that she 'd actually be interested so i just stay passive . 
  is me . 
  i think this way too , and i hope it 's not because of low self-esteem or lack of confidence , but i would be very flattered if a girl would come up to me and ask me out , and i would probably say yes . 
  again , i hope this does not have anything to do with me not having any female friends . 
  as i mentioned on another comment , and i do this aswell , i think this has to do with the `` amount of girls '' those guys get , they would get hit a lot of times and reject a lot , when other people like me or farfle10 would just say yes for the opportunity that was beeing given at the moment , that is because we would be flattered in a person wanting to hang out with us . 
  but that 's just me , and i might be wrong . 
  or just spend the money from medical school in a good car , chicks and bacon and enjoy it . 
  and that 's why i do n't do any favors or help anyone in any way . 
  wow , maybe this is why no one fucking likes me . 
  is it really because of the honesty that makes me an asshole ? 
  shit . 
  you just made me realize that maybe that 's why i have no girlfriend , i am too damn honest about shit , and always speak my mind . 
  i will need some practice then , because i do n't measure what i say , i just say . 
  i just do n't know how to do that , without thinking that it will change my whole personality . 
  i just do n't want that . 
  i ca n't fucking lie , i am like fucking house , if i have to fucking give you the most painful honest truth in the world , i will fucking say it . 
  already forgot the ama ? 
  yeah , in that movie the social network . 
  let me know when she decides to tell her name , and then we can all laugh about her never even have any imdb credits . 
  yeah , no one got the joke . 
  600 $ / month is more than what people make in my country . 
  * shit *, 
  everything is right , except the part of roms and emulators . 
  yes , i like some keane musics . 
  also, 
   you did n't bother changing many of the default icons on the taskbar , and your folders do n't seem to obey a strict standard of organization , so you 're probably a person who does n't focus on organization . 
  i have ocd , that organization not beeing organized is my ocd organization , fucking stupid , but yeah . 
  and yes , i do have ocd , not `` oh my ocd is so random . '', 
  well , if you were like i am now , we have a severe case of anxiety then . 
   `` oh . . oh . . oh god fucking dammit !!!! '', 
  the slow realization that everything went wrong . 
  yeah me too . 
  it 's a girl that went to a bar and a 25 year old autistic guy was with his father , and the 25 year old guy attempted to `` pick up '' a girl in the bar , and his pickup line was `` do you want to come to my house and watch cartoons and eat cereal ? 
  '' , the girl thought it was cute .
