  is he doubling his wealth only with microsoft ? 
  or by investments in the market ( investment funds , eft 's , equity , stocks , etc ) ? 
  lorde . 
  nice cuddle there on the king of spain , lorenzo . 
  lorenzo is really happy . 
  cuddling the king of spain , marquez . 
  jesus christ dude , congrats . 
  he did it !, 
  he hit the note !, 
  o que recomendas ? 
  gajo beta ? 
  socialmente descalibrado ? 
  calma dude . 
  cool website . 
  i wonder why it 's not hosted on geocities . 
  que red flags ? 
  inform\u00e1tica . 
   may 17 , 2017, 
  estava a responder ao retardado do red pill . 
  i actually cracked a few jokes during dinner , she was n't rude about it , but not much came of it . 
  i do n't think this is the type of girl to be embarrassed about this kind of stuff . 
  i 'd like to talk to her about this , but i do n't know . 
  just wanted to keep things light and wanted to get along with her . 
  interested in a fwb thing , yes . 
  kinda . 
  i do n't think she is girlfriend material as i 've seen how she treats most people . 
  the people that were on the dinner with us , where the parents of her goddaughter . 
  i would n't treat people like that . 
  leaving everyone waiting for hours on end . 
  want to keep it light . 
  the thing is we might hang out more because of the group of friends . 
  do n't really like to just brush things off , i like to talk about stuff . 
  not sure if she was interested and did n't like my personality , or what the fuck happened . 
  the thing is i do n't really know if she is or was interested and got turned off by something i did or said . 
  i 'm also not the easiest person to deal with , my sense of humor is very dry and people might take it the wrong way , which to be honest i think she did n't . 
  she is atleast intelligent enough to understand what i say . 
  well , as far as i know she is fucking left and right , from what all her close friends say . 
  i do n't like how she treats her friends . 
  she literally left her birthday dinner to go fuck someone . 
  leaving almost 10 people in the restaurant . 
  of course she 's a piece of ass , she treats herself like that . 
  supercut is very very well written lyrics wise , i love it . 
  cause in my head ( in my head , i do everything right ), 
  when you call ( when you call , i 'll forgive and not fight ), 
  because ours ( are the moments i play in the dark ), 
  we were wild and fluorescent , come home to my heart, 
  she tried to make him love her , damn . 
  she tried to appease to him . 
  this girl . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://mymodernmet.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/archive/xfvxiqggu1unxsy62akg_1082026520.jpeg ), 
  thought we were seeing a clip from replay . 
  he rides on motogp . 
  that 's cool . 
  thanks . 
  i broke up with my girlfriend a year ago , after 3 years of relationship . 
  same thing as you . 
  we did n't have much in common , we were in a long distance relationship . 
  we still talk , but we really do n't have that much to say to each other . 
  it 's shitty , hope it gets better . 
  can you link me the vod please ? 
  actually is chris, 
  do you need to watch the fargo movie from 1996 to watch the tv show ? 
  or can i just watch the show on netflix ? 
  do you need to watch the fargo movie from 1996 to watch the tv show ? 
  or can i just watch the show on netflix ? 
  vitima de bullying por ser feio , por ter o nariz grande , etc. 
  is this why i still care very much about my ex , despite me being the one that broke up because we were 2000 miles apart and did n't have much of a future together , but still want to see her happy even though we 're not together ? 
  thought that was just me being an adult mature and not a teenager . 
  i still miss her though , but i know we do n't have that much in common . 
  i 've broke up with my girlfriend a year ago . 
  we were in a long distance relationship for almost three years . 
  she is younger than me , we do n't have that much in common , so i decided it was ok to break up . 
  i still miss her . 
  but i think it was the mature thing to do . 
  we still talk sometimes . 
  her 2 year old puppy died and i 've been talking to her on facebook the past few days . 
  i care about her , i want to see her happy , i think i actually love her , but i do n't think we belong together . 
  she thinks we do n't have anything in common aswell , so i think this is good for both us . 
  i have no social skills so it 's hard for me to find a girl . 
  and she is a very beautiful woman , so it will be easy to find someone . 
  i know she has been chatting with this guy , and i get anxious knowing she might be with someone else , but oh well . 
  i need to get someone else aswell . 
  loving is pain in the end . 
  after all . 
  albertina einstein, 
  hey man , do n't dwell on it . 
  i sold 30btc for 15k $ , it was a 500 $ / each , if i sold today it would be worth 105k $ . 
  in 2010 , i was very poor and could n't buy btc . 
  they were cents . 
  we could all be milionaires by now . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  do n't blame her . 
  she gave her opinion on the information she had . 
  it 's not her fault . 
  oh shit , i thought i was retarded . 
  i was at plat 2 mmr with annie mid . 
  switched to leblanc and was getting rekt by overextending vs silvers :(, 
  it seems it happens to more people . 
  i 'm not alone , jesus christ .
