  i 'm sorry , but fuck them for forgetting about you . 
  the legal age of consent in my country is 14-16 , i think . 
  from all of those , only saw brick , joseph gordon-levitt , and i do n't like that netflix is n't avaiable in my country , the instant stream would be great . 
  it 's 6am here , people are waking up , some are going to sleep , like me in a few minutes . 
  what was your surgery about ? 
  oh no they did n't !, 
  well , let them have the night to themselves . 
  it 's not every night that you can browse reddit alone . 
  yeah , i wanted it to make the front page , so everyone could tell us how the evening was going , well did n't make it . 
  i know , but the age gap between 16 and 20 , is different than the age gap of 20 and 24 , after the 20 's i think the age gap does n't matter that much . 
  but between a teenager and a 20 + person is different . 
  that 's what she said ? 
  ah , good luck on that . 
  i 'm in portugal , but i ca n't say it 's normal since i 've never seen anyone my age dating that much younger . 
  you and me friend . 
  our lives could make a movie . 
  congratulations on the baby !, 
  good luck on the phonograph , i hope you can fix it . 
  well , if that 's the case , i just turned and said `` fuck you ! '', 
  and gave it the finger . 
  you made me want to watch entourage for the 3rd time without stopping !, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 193cm , and i 'm as tall as the legs of sultan k\u00f6sen . 
  nice !, 
  i 'm not that tall !, 
  people think it 's bad ? 
  jesus fucking christ , i fucking love that movie . 
  will smith . 
  i would , because this is my username on wow aswell . 
  cats = karma, 
  cats + cute girl = karma ^ 2, 
  there was this kid who said one time : `` i 'm in my house , i go first , i 'm your guest , i go first . '', 
  yeah , i shot him in the fucking head . 
  i did n't put the lid down after i peed . 
  but sometimes , all the money . 
  i do n't have a extreme case of ocd , since i do n't waste hours of my day doing it , i can waste from 15 minutes to 1 hour if that day is really bad . 
  i do n't think i have a tic that i 'm embarrassed about . 
  but maybe , when my parents are asleep and i go to the bathroom , i turn the lights on and off a lot of times , and sometimes they hear it , and since they do n't know i have ocd , that sucks . 
  i 'm european and because of reddit and other american websites , i have already learned how to use your system , but it would be easier if everyone learned the metric system , and why is that ? 
  because it 's easier . 
  if you are waiting for a scientific answer , you should try [ askscience ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/ ) . 
  probably took care of him , when he is older . 
  atleast , that 's what i 'm going to do when my parents get older . 
  now in a serious note , i do n't think you can predict how many karma you will have , because it depends on different aspects , like at what time you post , and how many people see it , different time zones , what you have posted , like i said , cats/memes would probably get you the most karma , but i do n't think you could calculated at all . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/reddits/create ) . 
  happy birthday , now browse reddit . 
  that i 'm ugly or was ugly . 
  whatever . 
  people told clint eastwood that he was ugly , look who 's laughing now . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  * stupid hoe , you a stupid hoe . 
  go to another subreddit , or just reddit.com , look at the right side , it says `` create your own community '' , click there , done . 
  what ? 
  but do you want to have a relationship with her ? 
  i do n't like celebrating birthdays , atleast mine , so i just spend them on the computer , watching films or tv shows . 
  so i do n't have a worst birthday story , since i do what you are doing now . 
  well , talk to her . 
  ca n't give you advice , since i have a girl that i 'm fond of and do n't know what to say to her aswell . 
  if he is 14 and knows what a floppy disk is , he will be protected . 
  i think i 'm going to write a screenplay with your story . 
  can i ? 
  you are ? 
  really ? 
  i was thinking on doing it for fun , doing it as a short , i do n't think i have the capacity to do a feature length film , but a short , yeah . 
  really , you are in the film industry ? 
  jesus , so fucking cool , what do you do ? 
  i 'm going to message you , do n't get too excited , because yeah , do n't . 
  here you go , upvote the [ source of the joke ] ( www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/t94je/whats_your_fuck_im_not_a_kid_anymore_moment/c4klhl8 ) . 
  i get depressed everytime i look at the clock and know that i have to sleep because in the next day i will have to go to school , maybe this is because i do n't really like what i 'm doing and see no point in my life . 
  yeah , that 's probably it . 
  guess you did n't wipe your study room completely . 
  there already are other options , i do n't know if they are already 100 % developed , but i 've saw on tv that there is a prostate exam similar to a blood exam , you get pinched in the finger and you know if something is wrong with your prostate . 
  i 'm serious , if i find a source , i 'll post it here , but i 've saw this a couple of years ago , so . 
  i 've started doing this when i got my license at 19 , do n't know why , but i feel that the calmness of the people talking in the radio , and not the shitty pop music makes me feel better . 
  this is why music is shit nowadays . 
  people with talent do n't put themselves out there , and then shitty people take the reins of the industries . 
  i did a play only one time , i love tv/film so most of my time is watching tv shows or films , and that only one time when i did a play , people congratulated me on how good i was , and the father of a castmate asked her if i was a professional actor . 
  that shit made my day , since i want to study tv/film , but will never do , because i 'm not that good looking and i do n't live in the usa , so i 'll probably just end up being a depressed alcoholic loser ( which i have already thought of doing , start drinking due to having no point in life ) because i probably wo n't follow my dream . 
  i hope you follow yours man . 
  that one compliment , i did not shared with anyone but to my parents , i did not brag about it . 
  but my acting requires different things than a stage , stage makes me feel uncomfortable and anxious , i think that 's why i would love to do tv/film , i think camera has a bit more of a real tone to the acting , not so over the top , so to be a camera actor would require a lot more people , and doing it just for me probably would n't make me feel that great , because you know , i do n't have the capacity ( atleast monetary ) to create something just for me . 
  i hope you can make music a thing that you are able to do it every day and get paid for it , i really do . 
  and also , what do you play ? 
  i know that everyone starts somewhere , but as i 'm saying to you , my shitty country has almost none or has none open casting commercials , there 's only one ( major ) agency for almost all of the working tv actors , it 's shitty , and i , to be honest , do n't know where to get that things , an ex-castmate of mine is with an agency that asked my sister to model for them , but you know what ? 
  she had to pay for the portfolio , and workshops , ~ 600 $ , what kind of agency does that ? 
  the client has to pay to be represented . 
  what a shitty agency . 
  my dedication will probably be buying a camera , some lights , a boom , and with the help of my friends , film shitty things and see what 's what , probably just for fun , doing it will probably fullfill me , not 100 % , maybe 20 % , because i wo n't be challenged with different characters from different writers and such , what i write is what i film/act . 
  yesterday , i thought in sending things to an agency , some asked for photos and shit , i think i 'll get fit first and then send photos and headshots and shit . 
  i would like to be an extra on a set for one day , because even though i love tv/film , i 've never been on a set . 
  also , i like to play bass , different groove than the guitar which i fucking suck and i only know the major chords , i would like to play both , but guitar needs a lot of practice and i do n't have that much time , also piano , i would love to play piano , and play everything 's not lost and politik and amsterdam from coldplay . 
  i say probably a lot , probably i do n't have that much vocabulary . 
  also , thanks for `` listening '' man . 
  do n't know if i can join because i 'm from europe , portugal , but if i can , please count me in . 
  thanks . 
  tl ; dr probably wo n't follow my dream .
