  i thought we were just friends . 
  edit : accidentally a hand . 
  thanks quinny86 . 
   do what you love . 
  i did n't and regret it immensely . 
  so , should i move from portugal to usa and go on a film/acting school and try to make a living out of it ? 
  ah , you so silly . 
  well , in my group of friends , i was not invited sometimes to some shit . 
  i told my friends , and they yelled at me , `` are you stupid ? 
  if we not invite you , you just fucking appear , you know you are always invited to everything you do !, 
  just show up man ! '' . 
  i know this because my group of friends , almost never explicit makes plans in advance , they just get together and say `` want to do something ? '', 
  but yeah , you really do n't want to be `` that guy '' who always invites himself to shit . 
  put her hand . 
  thanks . 
  oh yeah , you 're completely right . 
  do not do that with people you barely met . 
  you 're right . 
  there is absolutely no industry in my country left . 
  you just crushed me . 
  we do n't even talk anymore because i 'm not in school . 
  i 'm going to have lunch with a friend wednesday and i will see her , i think , i do n't think she `` remembers '' me anymore due to me being aspie as fuck and not asking her out . 
  but yeah , i get you . 
  actually , this is the first girl i would really like to ask on a date , and actually date . 
  but , fucking fear of rejection . 
  it 's difficult because i have that thing about ocd and social anxiety , that when you talk to a girl , she will say to all her friends , and all her friends will mock you . 
  but yeah , i really wanted to do it , and when i get mad or angry over something , i just want to go to the school and ask her on a date so that i can be happy talking to her . 
  i think the actors used a gui interface done in visual basic to trace the ip of the people who were being mind read . 
  actually , this made me think . 
  do i really like her , or do i like the attention she gave me ? 
  but actually , every time i talked to her , i felt warm inside and happy . 
  was it because i have n't had a connection with a girl for so long ? 
  is it infatuation ? 
  love ? 
  i have n't because i 'm afraid to ask her out . 
  thanks . 
  well , as jimmy kimmel said `` what you do n't see in the commercial breaks , is just a bunch of very famous people ignoring each other and texting . '', 
  i 'm not comfortable in clubs or whatever shit people go to drink and make shit . 
  if i have to hang out with my friends i prefer to do it in a house , we get together , have a few drinks , eat , laugh , and talk about shit . 
  i do n't like going to clubs , because you ca n't have a proper conversation , and if i hangout with my friends is to talk to them , not yell and then not hear what they say because the music is too loud . 
  but , just an environment with a lot of people makes me anxious . 
   in even intervals ... of 4 . 
  i 'm also at 4 , now . 
  it depends . 
  the hand washing thing just started a few months ago . 
  all these years i had ocd it was just rituals , like counting in 4 , 5 or 10 intervals , or just switch lights on and off 4 , 5 or 10 times , but now , everytime i go to the bathroom and i get the urge to wash my hands , i will be there 5 to 10 minutes with water just running and fucking shit , the bill must be high as fuck . 
  man , this is why i beat my self up because of this shitty social anxiety . 
  i also have ocd , but fuck , i 've missed this chance with this extremely awesome girl just because i 'm too scared that if i talk to her , she will tell her friends that i talked to her or asked her out , and that her friends will see me on the street and point their fingers at me and laugh at me , and then i will come home , and get depressed and cry and other shit like this . 
  really , it 's fucking shit . 
  i have the fit information repository from / fit / , which contains a lot of science and routines and other shit , like how to stretch , how to diets , how to form , etc. 
  if you need , i can provide this for you . 
  ^ just ^ do ^ it, 
  if there is no father , and bieber is a virgin . 
  what is going on ? 
  new jesus ? 
  that 's what i actually thought . 
  eating before going to perform , dancing and jumping and other shit , can make a person sick . 
  like eating before exercising , no . 
  oh , you worked at 16 for your own money ? 
  tell that to my cousin , and he will say to you , that he is 20 years old , his parents paid for his driver 's license , he failed to go to classes , his license expired , he has to take a new one , and he says he does n't want to work for minimum wage , also only buys clothes that cost 100 $ + per piece . 
  yeah , i 'm fucking mad people like my cousin are fucking spoiled brats who have no idea how life works . 
  congratulations on being a fucking decent human being billyzero . 
  have n't bought clothes in 4 years . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  yeah , me too man . 
  i had from master system to playstation 2 to a computer . 
  i had gameboy color , gameboy advance sp , i had pokemon yellow , pokemon gold , pokemon ruby . 
  i had cellphones that cost 320 $ + in 2000 . 
  my parents paid my drivers license , which in portugal cost 1000 $ + . 
  i had everything i wanted . 
  now i 'm 20 , i have n't bought clothes in 4 years , my computer is 5 years old , and i have a cellphone that i upgraded from the cellphone my parents bought me in 2000 . 
  now , i ca n't buy those things due to some economy complications and what not . 
  i do n't complain , i do n't act like an entitled asshole , and i have my parents to thank for what they have done for me and gave me . 
  i just wish i could pay them back . 
  and it 's so hard to find a job nowadays , fucking christ . 
  it does n't make you a spoiled brat . 
  you will make the things you parents are doing to you , to your children . 
  you will pay for their education , and what not . 
  the thing is , if you complain if your parents do n't give you the new iphone 5abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvxyz , and beats by dre when they just gave you a 50k $ car for your 16th birthday , then yes , you are a fucking spoiled brat . 
  i stay at home , ( because fucking shit , it 's hard to get a job nowadays , and in my country believe it or not , it 's not common for people to work before 18 , and i 'm grateful enough , that my parents were able to support me until now , and i never needed to work when i was a teenager ) or if i get 5 $ , i hop on the train and go meet my friends , if possible . 
  if you 're talking about my cousin , he goes to malls and other shit , to buy new 100 $ nike shoes or another hoodie that he will only use in a year . 
  true story , i went with him to a mall , he bought a 50 $ hoodie , and said he would n't wear it casually . 
  i do n't think he ever used it though . 
  those 50 $ he wasted would made my fucking month , if i had them . 
  oh , i just remembered , my entitled spoiled brat cousin said he did n't want to work as a plumber because girls could see him with the work tools and judge him . 
  cue mtv my sweet 16 . 
  `` omg you just bought me a lexus ? 
  it 's blue !, 
  but i wanted it black !, 
  omg you just ruined my entire 16th birthday !, 
  omg !, 
  i also wanted a mercedes , not a lexus ! '', 
   using convoluted and verbose language to spout nonsense to win arguments because i 'm an insecure person who over thinks everything that comes my way, 
  we are that way because we watched to many house and we want to be like him . 
  man , let me tell you , the guy in the gif is probably the worst actor i 've ever seen . 
  before even sitting down , he had already the face of `` fuck this shit , my food is all spilled in the ground , fuck my life . '' . 
  he does n't even into method acting . 
  i 'm taking 1 or 2 weeks of lifting , after 2 months of lifting , due to shoulders and knee pain . 
  will do some exams , etc. 
  how much strength and mass should i expect to lose ?
