  i got a gf in high school , she broke up with me , than i became asocial with social anxiety . 
  ftfy, 
  been 3 to 4 years now . 
  til i have no friends , and til has 2 accounts and made this all up to think he has friends . 
  : holy shit man congratulations !, 
  what is up me ? 
  this happened to me aswell . 
  oh , the anxiety . 
  ** hey everyone this guy has a girlfriend !, 
  ** ( i 'm sorry , i always wanted to do that ) . 
  ** and a puppy !, 
  ( omg , i wish i had a girlfriend and a puppy . ), 
  you got casted to what ? 
  by the way , how much are you getting per hour or day of work ? 
  you will see mila kunis , i want that too . 
  the base rate is what per day ? 
  or per hour ? 
  craigslist asks for a phone verification . 
  i do n't have a us phone number . 
  so maybe we can work together . 
  i provide everything , i can even create the list on craigslist , just need someone to receive the call or the sms . 
  let 's work . 
  there was a similar story like this one some time ago on reddit aswell , but the guy could n't do anything back then , now i 'm glad you did something to prevent this shit from paypal . 
  they usually tell some crap that they ca n't do anything , and shit , customer service , they are just fucking useless . 
  paypal fucking sucks , and i hope you get your money back . 
  keep us updated . 
  you were lucky because paypal is a fucktard and even after you withdraw they can cancel the withdraw and hold your money . 
  the thing is that in this case they are not holding the money for 24h for `` his protection '' , they are holding the money for 90 days . 
  i sold 2 nintendo 3ds some time ago , and lost 500 $ + 2 nintendo 3ds , simply because the buyers bought the item , got them delivered and then chargebacked . 
  neither paypal or ebay cared about that and i 've lost everything . 
  are you beeing bullied ? 
  how old are you ? 
  or is this fake ? 
  omg , i do n't know what to think !, 
  jesus , let the op be . 
  oh , my [ reese 's ] ( http://farm1.static.flickr.com/26/102876628_31902f8b00.jpg ) friends . 
  that bitch !, 
  you had a plastic surgery ? 
  how did it went ? 
  you got two upvotes of mine . 
  i have a big nose aswell so . 
  ( everyone who has one feels our pain ( because people tell me i have a big nose aswell ) ) . 
  is it too bad to ask for pictures ? 
  i have read about nose jobs , and people can get depressed when they do n't see what they were expecting ( due to swelling and other stuff ) , and i 'm afraid that can happen to me . 
  i 'm more self conscious about my nose than everyone else , it affected me psychologically , since i think everyday that i 'm ugly , i 've lost self esteem , i do n't have patience to go out and buy new clothes because i think `` why bother , if i 'm still going to look ugly with this shit nose ? '' . 
  also , it affected me socially , since i no longer go out or talk to people due to think that they think that my nose is big and therefore i 'm ugly . 
  i do n't like taking pictures front or side . 
  also if a person is talking to me , and i really love to do that horation caine thing talking from the side , i do n't do it anymore and i have to face the person who i 'm talking to , just for them not to look me from the side . 
  i have developed a personality where i 'm not nice to people because i do n't want them to look at me . 
  i do n't have a girlfriend in 4 years . 
  it can seriously fuck up a person . 
  where are all these girls ? 
  ctrl + alt + delete , i use it all the time , when something is not working . 
  social anxiety maybe ? 
  no , no one died in my family , nor do i have any other problems to resolve . 
  i started to get self-conscious about my nose when people started to tell me that my nose was big , in school , when i was around 13/14 . 
  an older female acquantaince said to me that my problem is not my nose but my personality ( she also said big noses give men personality ) , yet i do n't think she was beeing serious , i think she was just beeing kind . 
  as i said in another comment , i had an older female acquantaince tell me that my problem is not my nose but my personality ( she also said big noses give men personality ) , yet i do n't think she was beeing serious , i think she was just beeing kind . 
  i shall drink the tears of our enemies !, 
  sometimes i might go to far on what i say to people , i ca n't be an hypocrite , i just tell people what i did n't like on the way they behave themselves or other stuff , even though i do n't say it delicately . 
  but when anyone needed anything from me , i would provide , such as money , any other material thing or just a simple conversation , but when i needed any of those things from anyone else , no one could provide for me , one of the points that i became anti-social aswell . 
  some time ago , i really did n't give a shit about what people though about me , but beeing alone for so long made me need a girlfriend and a friend to talk . 
  i think i 'm missing something but i ca n't really remember . 
  sorry if there are any vocabulary errors but english is not my first language . 
  hi nigerian cousin of a prince , i hope you can write a harry potter novel by hand , which were then made into films , in which emma watson starred . 
  it is not hijack when there is no one to claim it back sir . 
  it is not theft when there is no one to claim it back sir . 
  yes , i do that . 
  i only notice people 's noses because i 'm self-conscious about my own . 
  and when i look , i usually look and say `` well , that person is pretty anyway '' . 
  i ca n't apply that to me either way . 
  * shit . 
  i 'm european ( portuguese ) , and i want to go to usa to play football . 
  that shit was beautiful . 
  this may not have to do with you do n't like dancing but here it goes . 
  i was once one of the top handball players of my country ( portugal ) , as coaches and other handball players told me . 
  a coach 2 years ago told me that if i have n't quit handball i would be in the portugal national team . 
  so when i was about 11 or 12 years old , i 've decided that i would prefer staying at home playing video games than to go to a handball practice , which led me to quit handball and not going to the portuguese national team . 
  when i was 17 , i 've decided that i really liked to play handball and decided to give it another shot to see why did i quit and to see if i still really liked handball , so i started to go to practices in the same team i was once a very good player . 
  when i went back to start playing again , the coach said to me that if i have n't quit 5 years before that i would be in the portuguese national team . 
  but the same feeling i had when i quit 5 years ago , came back , and i was starting to feeling it again . 
  after some research ,, 
  turns out , i had ( have ) anxiety , i think severe anxiety and started not to go to practices because i would get very anxious before one , and staying at home playing video games felt good , with no anxiety at all . 
  so , i 've quit again playing handball because of anxiety . 
  the feeling i was having when i was 11 or 12 years old , was not the feeling i did not like playing handball , but it was the feeling of anxiety , so if you really do n't like to do all that things , please think if you do n't really like to do them , or if you have any other issues with that , ie : anxiety like me . 
  i am now 19 years old . 
  the more i read about this the more i want to go and try acting / filmmaking / directing / producing . 
  the problem is i 'm in a small european country with no theatre / tv / film industry . 
  i 'm 19 aswell . 
  i got told on high school that i had a big nose aswell and that i was ugly by several people . 
  i 'm now a anti-social person with nose complexes . 
  the last girlfriend was 4 years ago . 
  i 'm back to playing world of warcraft . 
  * if i ca n't tell my friends that i got laid , what 's the point ? 
  at the moment very hard , since i 'm only 19 , and do n't have any money . 
  i 'm in portugal . 
  dream country to work in said industry would be england or usa . 
  my expectations got very high since i did a play like 4 months ago . 
  i got a lead role in a play in which i had to play a midget , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , so imagine . 
  anyway , to play the part i 've inspired myself in johnny depp 's jack sparrow , the way he walks and the hand gestures .
