  and more recently with my cousin . 
  we talked about going to the gym together and shit , and i told him , that i had a good 45 minutes workout plan to start and that maybe i would n't follow the 2 hour workout plan that the trainers had in mind for everyone . 
  he just said `` free weights ? 
  bench press ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  you want to be a fucking bulldozer ? 
  come on , just use the machines for body definition , fuck free weights . '', 
  i simply replied `` yeah , right . 
  '' , simply because if i had to correct him , on why i chose to follow a different plan or why i was going to do things differently from him i would be seen as an asshole . 
  starting from the end . 
   tl ; dr do n't tell kids they are ugly , it fucks with them more than you can imagine . 
  learn how to listen even when you are talking , and you can talk to anyone . 
  i will never do this , and i 'm not capable of doing it , because i know how i felt when i was told i was ugly when i was younger . 
   anything good people tell me falls under the `` they say nice things because they are my friends , not because they are true '' category . 
  i think this aswell , my friends say i 'm good looking , and that they all would be happy to have my height , 6 ' 4 '' , and i 'm just a asocial person who does n't have a girlfriend because does n't talk to anyone . 
  the girlfriend of a friend of mine told me i 'm cute aswell , she is older than me a couple of years , we were drunk , that stuck with me because she is very fuckable , and she said she would fuck me . 
  we were drunk , so . 
  so , every person that compliments me on any way i just think they are mocking me and i ca n't accept the fact that other people can find me good looking . 
  i know that attractiveness is a matter of opinion , but because of what i was told when i was younger , i think to myself that i fall into the category of not good looking people . 
  so please , i think people should take your advice and, 
   tl ; dr do n't tell kids they are ugly , it fucks with them more than you can imagine . 
  learn how to listen even when you are talking , and you can talk to anyone . 
  dog was here !, 
  i do too , but i do n't like when family gatherings happen because it 's a famous holiday because of a guy that died 2000 + years ago and ressurected 3 days after his death , and then died again . 
  fuck that shit , if people want to gather around , just pick a random day of the year , not a fucking holiday , just because . 
  now fuck on . 
  poor cat . 
  now [ he ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wjqwh.jpg ) is afraid of dick_assman . 
  hey , i need a girlfriend , i 've never watched casablanca and want to . 
  jesus fucking christ i need new friends , reddit friends !, 
  i do n't hangout with my group of friend because of two reasons . 
  they are 18 miles away from me . 
  they only go to bars and clubs and i do n't like that . 
  i prefer to be in a house , just talking or even if i have to drink , to drink where i am comfortable . 
   in fact , my first kiss may be on screen ( acting for a film ) . 
  what film ? 
  my chin is not that great either . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  the first girl i dated was when i was 16 . 
  well , i have been alone since , so , but yeah all good !, 
  thanks . 
  i was thinking in using something like joseph gordon-levitt in 50/50 , a beanie hat , but i do n't know if it goes with my profile . 
  for him to sleep again inside the pokeball . 
  i 've got girls telling me , that my nose gives me personality and to not change it with surgery because i would lose my `` charm '' or something i ca n't remember now , but if i could do a surgery and undo it if i did n't like the new nose i would because fuck i would like to know how different my life could be if i was more attractive . 
  i was thinking in doing ss . 
  but i have been reading that ss gives more strength than size and better aesthetics . 
  so , i will probably do ss for a couple of months and then change to some other exercises to get better aesthetics . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs , so i have a lot of work to do , since i want to be atleast 6 ' 4 '' 200lbs . 
  thanks for the tips . 
   did your friend provide the instructions for fitting the cooler and some thermal paste ? 
  yes , he did . 
  yeah , a silent psu would be great since this shit looks like a hair blow dryer . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  should i change for 12 reps after for better aesthetics ? 
  where does this ridiculously photogenic guy come from ? 
  i was away from reddit about a week and when i come back i see all these memes . 
  wtf is this ? 
  why was she surprised ? 
  does she think you are attractive and thought you were confident that you were ? 
  thanks , but being this tall while my weight is only 165lbs , makes me very tall and awkward . 
  magic !, 
  i have a text code , and no , you will have to register a new account , but i think the stores are similar . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  because you probably only have black and white , and when you have a colored picture you get several tones that do n't match , and that 's why you appear ugly in a picture . 
  and that 's why i do n't take pictures of myself . 
  i 'm 20 , and i 'm fond of a 16 year old girl . 
  i 've said this aswell, 
   and she is very mature . 
  they mocked me on reddit . 
  i sense that maturity thing only matters for people above 20 . 
  yet , i 've talked to her a few times and she knows how to carry a conversation , religion , economic , politics . 
  yeah . 
  it sucks . 
  from my experience , i prefered wow when i was the noob that had hours of playtime and had to ask my friends what should i do . 
  now , a few months ago , i level my 4th paladin to 85 , got gear , did lfr , left because it was n't fun enough . 
  i wanted to play another class , but a only-dps would have 15 minutes queues to join a dungeon , i 'm tired of healing because paladin and tired of tanking because paladin . 
  let 's see if i will come back to pandas . 
  she 's fucking great !, 
  she saves snl every fucking week . 
  yeah , and i ca n't find other good mmorpg . 
  wow is the best mmorpg ever , and no other game is as good as . 
  sadly , as you say , it gets boring after you know the game . 
  and there is n't another mmorpg as good as wow . 
  i have no friends , that 's why i used to play wow . 
  now i have reddit . 
  peter dinklage deserved that golden globe !, 
  the exercises i was thinking was maybe some curls or something , biceps , triceps , shoulders , whatever , but since i 'll train almost everyday the same muscles , maybe i wo n't gain anything with these `` added '' days . 
  so maybe i 'll rest on those days . 
  mobility work is cardio ? 
  and what is plyometric training ? 
  sorry for these questions , i 'm new to lifting . 
  it does help , thanks . 
  came here for girl 's name . 
  was disappointed . 
  i wanted to add other exercises to improve the amount of growth of the muscles , but since that is n't going to help on rest days , i thought in running aswell to increase indurance , yet on my town there is n't that much space to run because of cars and people and other stuff , but when i look at `` oh let 's go to the gym for cardio '' , it 's like going to a `` all you can eat buffet '' and not eating anything . 
  anyway , thanks . 
  enlighten me then please . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs and want to get to 200lbs , if my gym is n't equipped with squat rack and bench press , can i still use machines to gain weight and size ? 
  do n't know if you are mocking me or no , but i am asking this before signing up for a membership at the gym and wasting my money . 
  i have never seen a gym with a squat rack , only with a bench press equipment and dumbbells .
