original, 
  i just fixed the one i saw , i 've never seen that one . 
  are you still working on tv , as a writer ? 
  price per gallon in portugal , 10 $ . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  song played after usa capturing bin laden 's body , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ycn-a0nsnk, 
  song played after usa capturing bin laden 's body , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ycn-a0nsnk, 
   there is no right choice . 
  this is not your fault !, 
   this is not your fault . 
   this is not your fault . 
  this . 
  to be honest , you are better alone , than with friends sometimes . 
  you do n't have to put with bullshit , lies or hipocrisy . 
  the more you know people the more you want to stay away from them . 
  after the 12th grade , i 've stopped talking to everyone in my class , just kept in touch with one friend , which now i only talk maybe once a week . 
  anyway , you got reddit , and you can start playing world of warcraft ( do n't do this if you want real life friends ) . 
  or you can start doing some volunteer work , at hospitals , etc. 
  anyway , do n't stress to much about this . 
  you will be fine , you will be happy . 
  well i have seen and dealt with to many bullshit , lies and hipocrisy , that i really prefer to be alone most of the times . 
  in these 3 years of school with the same always the same people from 10th to 12th , i 've seen people beeing stabbed in the back , people lying , people turning against each other for bullshit reasons , people stealing from each other and for what i see they did n't got any reward for doing those things , so i prefer to stay away from people . 
  well , i 'm just saying to play it , just for you to have something to distract you , not to make you an wow-addict or some kind of shit , that just sucks . 
  still you can make money with wow . 
  shit , you have to create a trial account and check the game . 
  on ff viii , i 've only used limit breaks to defeat ultimecia , i had squall , zell and irvine maxed out , so i used aura on everyone of them , and then just one or two-shotted both phases of ultimecia . 
  it was easy . 
  on ffx , i 've one shotted jecht with yuna 's aeons . 
  it was easy . 
  call chuck norris . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and i only weight 165 lbs . 
  i should weight about 200 lbs . 
  and i do n't have any disorders aswell , i 'm perfectly healthy , i just ca n't get weight . 
  if you do n't like people telling you jokes , just ignore or something , just do n't try to fight back , be mature . 
  people are always doing that about my height aswell . 
  people are just not very educated . 
  hey , stop bombing him with stupid jokes . 
  will champion , coldplay . 
   however , this woman does not exist . 
  this is false . 
  you can google it , you can only dream with people that you already saw . 
  ** edit : ** here is a link for you to check this out . 
  fact number 6 . 
  in a world, 
  this year, 
  this fall, 
  this summer, 
  original, 
  the acne , uneasy stomach or lactose intolerance is no problem for me i think , i was used to drink 1 to 2 liters of milk a day ( half a gallon ) , just not everyday , and everything was fine . 
  eating at the moment is a problem , since i 'm not having decent or none breakfast , one plate of food at lunch or no lunch at all , and one plate at dinner . 
  and i do n't know how to count the calories i eat , but i think it 's less than 2300-2800 that you have mentioned . 
  i just want to gain weight at the moment , and due to the economy , i do n't have money to spend on a gym , the only thing i could do is bodyweight exercises . 
  did you threw a pok\u00e9ball at it ? 
  i do n't see the carrot on the gif . 
  i 'm 19 , and i have the same body as the younger photo of you . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 156lbs . 
  can you tell me what was your diet ? 
  not just the amount of calories , but how many meals a day , and what you really ate . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i 'm only trying to gain weight , like 50 more pounds , and as i do n't have a gym nearby i 'm doing bodyweight exercises . 
  but i can barely eat in the morning , i 'm never hungry , which is bad from what i 've read , i should force eating in the morning . 
  and i 'm only having 2-3 meals a day , not enough , lunch and dinner and supper , which i may get about 2000-2500 calories per day , also the heavyweight gainer 900 is very expensive to send to portugal , the shipping is more expensive than the whole 7lbs bottle . 
  anyway , thanks for the info . 
  i just want to gain weight , the workout can be done after . 
  i do n't have money to spend on a gym . 
  i 've never understood though , why should i eat enough protein , is n't calories enough to gain weight ? 
  upvoted because of subaru impreza . 
  how much money did you earn from that ? 
  wtb gas @ 0,70 $ / liter . 
  * pink floyd - the wall, 
  * coldplay - parachutes, 
  * coldplay - a rush of blood to the head, 
  * coldplay - x&y, 
  * coldplay - lp5 to be released, 
  oh yeah , forgot to mention that , peanut butter and nutella are also expensive as fuck . 
  yes , it did . 
  thanks . 
  i think i 'm going to change the water i drink while having lunch or dinner with whole milk . 
  yeah , i do eat pasta , but i only cook it by boiling water , and nothing more , then i just throw a can of tuna with it and add some ketchup and mayonese . 
  i 've read somewhere about olive oil , and people doing olive oil shots to add some calories , but i think i 'm going only to add it while cooking pasta . 
  canned salmon can be used to make some pate to eat with bread , since i do n't like salmon that much . 
  ice cream is 1 $ ( 1,4 $ ) per kg . 
  once again , thank you very much for the tips . 
  90oz is 30 $ -32 $ here . 
  3 $ ( 4,2 $ ) each per 12oz . 
  eating 4 tablespoons a day of peanut butter , how much time does 90oz last ? 
  i have already thought about that , but i think it will create a lot of problems and the milk is expensive aswell . 
   when you eat pasta and tuna , why do you only eat 100 grams of each in one meal ? 
  learn to eat larger meals !, 
  100gr each is already a struggle to finish if i drink milk with . 
  i have already calculated the amount of calories i need to gain weight , it 's ~ 4000 . 
  which is in fact a lot , since i do n't really know anything with a lot of calories except , pasta with tuna and milk which are ~ 1100 per meal . 
  but then , if i only eat pasta and tuna every day , i will get tired of eating always the same thing . 
  milk - 600kcal, 
  100gr pasta - 348kcal, 
  100gr tuna - 206kcal, 
  i need to gain weight , i 'm too skinny for my height . 
  and no , i 'm not doing any sports at the moment . 
  did you get to meet chris martin and jonny buckland ? 
  that shit scared me when i was younger .
