  i have a jew nose , and i do n't get much compliments . 
  this is my [ best friend ] ( http://imgur.com/a/nv1li ) , he has the upturned nose you do n't like , and he gets compliments as fuck about his facial aesthetics . 
  look at that shit , if i had his nose , i would have a girlfriend . 
  i want to play piano . 
  i play guitar and bass . 
  i 'm the last 5 letters . 
  all the emotions . 
  and what about anthony hopkins ? 
  he said around 100-200 words in the silence of the lambs . 
  his fucking jawline aswell . 
  it 's been disproven ? 
  can you share a source ? 
  i thought the main reason for me not losing weight past 165lbs at 6 ' 4 '' , was because of starvation mode . 
  for years , i barely ate more than 1000 calories per day . 
  a pt in my gym said that you do n't need to parallel squat or atg , you can go above parallel , and that it does n't fuck your knees . 
   trainer : `` how old are you ? 
  you do some really old-fashioned exercises . 
  you should also not squat so low , your knees are going to be shot if you squat below 90\u00ba '', 
  a pt in my gym said this yesterday . 
  he also said that you only need to go above parallel . 
  i said that if i go above parallel my knees hurt , but if i go below parallel that my knees are fine . 
  he said that it 's because i started doing below parallel squats instead of above parallel ones . 
  how come pt 's know less then me ? 
  i read this shit on the internet . 
  a friend of mine said this , and he is lifting for about 3 to 4 years , i think , on and off , because of the sport he plays , he benches 100kg , i think . 
  me : `` i 'm bulking , eating oats , pasta , rice , whatever . '', 
  my friend : `` no , dude , you do n't eat pasta for bulking , pasta makes you dry , pasta is for cutting , just eat a lot of rice . '', 
  not even two months ago , i started sl . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 171lbs . 
  benched 137lbs , last week . 
  going for 143lbs monday . 
  i 'm actually benching almost the same as i 'm deadlifting , do n't know why . 
  yeah probably , my legs shake as fuck . 
  and i sumo deadlift , because i ca n't get proper form on the normal deadlift , since i 'm tall . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
   often people do n't realize skinny people can or do often eat as much , if not more , than fat people . 
  i have a high metabolism that makes it a challenge for me to gain weight . 
  nope . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , i realized that i do n't eat as much or more then fat people . 
  i realized it now , you should check / r/fitness . 
  i 'm starting to gain weight , and i need to eat 3000 + calories per day . 
  when i saw this i thought , `` but i 'm already eating as fuck . 
  '' , and when i really saw what i needed to eat , i realized that i was wrong and that i was not eating enough . 
  so , do n't tell me that skinny people eat more then fat people , because that shit is n't true . 
  also , [ ricky gervais ] ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxtq2_3lfxm ) for you . 
  and if you are a skinny fuck , and you say that you have a high metabolism you are probably eating below maintenance , or 1000 calories per day . 
  shut the fuck up wehavemetbefore , we have nevermetbefore , we are not your parents , why are you in our house ? 
  get the fuck away !, 
  edit : good luck man . 
  why are you yelling if you are calm ? 
  i 'll calm you down motherfucker !, 
  yeah , i have a friend , who always says `` drive safely '' or `` drive slow '' or `` have a good trip home '' . 
  my parents do that too . 
  i do n't think it 's annoying , i think it 's people caring about you . 
   yes . 
  there is . 
  when you lose someone , or a fish in this case , that does n't mean you 'll gain another . 
  perhaps your bait was spoiled , or very specific for one type of fish . 
  you spent ages sitting in a boat trying desperately to grab some attention of a fish . 
  this fish wanders over and nibbles . 
  you coax the fish , and eventually its hooked . 
  you 're going to be able to haul this one in . 
  but you slip up , you make a mistake and the fish is gone . 
  you 're sitting alone in a boat in the vast emptiness of the ocean . 
  you 're taking on water , and trying to stop the tide that 's preparing to capsize you and drown you , alone , empty and cold . 
  best explanation of this shit i 've ever seen . 
  do you sumo deadlift or normal deadlift ? 
  yeah , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) . 
  yes , i think yes , why ? 
  my gym does n't have a squat rack , can i use the leg press instead ? 
  but should i still do 5x5 or should i switch to 3x8-12 ? 
  there was this girl , who one time , we were walking in school going to i do n't remember where , and she said out of nowhere `` i never had a boyfriend '' , i just said `` okey . 
  '' , and well , nothing happened because i 'm socially awkward . 
  man , this girl , the last day of school , i was playing handball by myself and another friend , she asked me to teach her how to play . 
  i had to touch her , to teach her arm movements and other shit . 
  jesus fucking christ silky smooth skin angels omg aaaaaah !, 
  she was also the one that said to me she did n't have a boyfriend , tried to talk to me a lot of times in the morning but i almost never responded due to being awkward and that when she was presenting something to the class she would just talk to me and smile and be pretty . 
  * shit *, 
  60 % of the time , it works everytime . 
  ah , a girl in my school , i think she did this . 
  sometimes i would catch her looking at me , i would look , and she would instantly look away . 
  sometimes , she would be by my side , like 5 inches away , and i would be looking at her , everyone was aware what i was doing , not her , she didnt ' even look at me , never , when i did this . 
  other times , if she was in front of the class , she would just focus her attention on me , and no one else , just talk to me and smile . 
  oh , good times . 
  i wish i had the balls to ask her out . 
  i remember when i walk into a room , and the girl i like slightly opened her arms and said `` yey , you are here !, 
  '' , and her eyes were fucking bright , and her smile was fucking beautiful . 
  man , i 'm sad . 
   probably standing a bit closer than normal, 
  do you do the knee thing ? 
  were you touch your knee to the knee of your crush and do n't move ? 
  shit , i like that , it 's like a secret . 
  i wonder if i was oblivious to this shit , a girl did this shit to me . 
   i meet a girl at work , i see her the following day and while chatting and standing , i itch my nose . 
  she does it within seconds . 
  i know straight away she finds me attractive or interesting . 
  i 'll scratch my balls , and if she scratches her vagina ,, 
  oh yeah , instant atraction !, 
  what ? 
  i had a girl who hugged me , and put her hand in my pocket and held my hand .
