  very bad . 
  past few months/2 years , my diet consists of maybe a frozen pizza once a week sometimes , fries , cheese , pasta , meat , some mcdonald 's burgers here and there , tons of soda and/or beer . 
  my cholesterol is very high . 
  since i work from home , i could n't care less about cooking just for me . 
  so i either order or go outside and buy some bullshit food . 
  i 've also been smoking a lot the past month or so . 
  i need to correct this , but i was just about to order a barbecue pizza because i 'm starving since i have n't eaten anything yet today . 
  i 'm sure part of it is . 
  i also smoke sometimes , and since i 'm home most of the time , i can be considered a `` couch potato '' . 
  but i do n't really need to lose weight . 
  i 'm tall , 6 ' 4 '' and weight 190lbs i think . 
  i want to increase my muscle mass . 
  should n't i still be eating a lot anyway ? 
  thanks !, 
  how many times per week do you go ? 
  i wanted to go 5 days a week , but i think i 'm going to settle for 3 for now . 
  the thing i really missed after i did my first 25-50m was water , i was incredibly thirsty , and i was surrounded by water . 
  i have a lot of issues exhaling , should i do it through the mouth or nose ? 
  if i inhale and then put my head underwater i get very anxious because i 'm not breathing properly , so my heart starts racing and i get tired and have no oxygen . 
  i will work on it . 
  the thing is i 'm actually already tired of eating bullshit food , so it 's going to be a semi easy step to cut all fast food from my life . 
  maybe now and then , but i 'm mostly over it . 
  i want that swimmers body . 
  that 's cool , thanks !, 
  will keep that in mind and practice it . 
  thanks dude . 
  i want to get that swimmers body and have an healthier life . 
  tired of smoking and thinking that one day , smoking will get me or drinking and that one day , drinking will get me , or that i will die of an heart attack at 30 or 40 because i eat so unhealthy . 
  i want to be able to do stuff without getting so tired . 
  i do n't have a goal of getting into a team . 
  i 'm a very `` solo '' person , i like to go to the pool and be alone , or the gym and be alone . 
  but i 've missed water . 
  as a kid i really liked pool , more than the beach . 
  do n't know why . 
  anyway , i have some questions about the physique . 
  should i also lift weights ? 
  or just swimming will be fine ? 
  if i eat properly ? 
  should i take protein ? 
  i missed swimming today , but i ate and did n't feel like going and then wasting the money , maybe throw up due to exhaustion and having a bad day . 
  well , daniel day lewis was annoying on my left foot aswell . 
  read about it . 
  * african american friday, 
  i 'm currently only swimming freestyle , it 's the only one i `` know '' . 
  i have very bad form . 
  i move my head from one side to another depending on what arm is going out of the water . 
  but damn , i got faster in the first 4-5 strokes , i was happy . 
  thanks !, 
  there will be blood . 
  so if i 'm not at 180 then i 'm doing something wrong and not pushing myself ? 
  does that mean that if i 'm now at 180 and lower it in the next few weeks at the same speed and intensity , i should push myself harder to get back to 180 , so i continue to improve ? 
  yeah , max i can swim fast pace is like 12.5 m , but i really enjoy it . 
  however , my form gets hurt a lot and i 'm just stroking like i 'm drowning . 
  so i just wait a few seconds inside water trying to recover my breath , and before i 'm 100 % , i go again at fast pace for as long as i can and repeat . 
  atleast i was able to do this today , let 's see if i can keep up on friday . 
  for me , it 's probably [ the office ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdnylhr4o7w ) . 
  share yours . 
  these are the 3 i 'm choosing from . 
  as in , i 'm reading lines and i say them and they do n't seem natural , but then i watch a tv show and it 's just like i said it , and it got on the final cut/edit of the show . 
  is it just me and because of my anxiety that it seems wrong or do you all feel the same ? 
  i have an asus p5k , and i 'm happy with what i have , quadcore , it works fine , i just have to upgrade my ram from 4gb to 8gb , and my shitty gpu from x1550 to an hd 7850 . 
  is it worth it ? 
  or should i wait and change for something else ? 
  thanks . 
  i was thinking in getting this one, 
  it has nice reviews , but i also wanted something that had a tv antena thing built-in so i could plug in my tv cable and watch tv aswell . 
  what do you think ? 
  i 've been rocking these, 
  since 2008 , and to me they work fine , and they are fucking awesome , so i want to upgrade to something that will noise cancel as i walk a lot by myself and every time i go out i 'm always listening to some music . 
  i 've already read and looked at the recommendation list but i ca n't decide . 
  i think some iem 's are cool , i do n't think i can use full-sized headphones because i 'm not an hipster and i think it would be uncomfortable . 
  so can i get any help ? 
  thanks . 
  i like to have a lot of tabs opened on chrome , also i like to multibox on world of warcraft , and i want a cpu that will be able to take atleast 10 instances running at the same time of the game . 
  also , i5-3570k caught my eye due to the intel hd graphics 4000 . 
  i do n't know if amd has this feature . 
  yet , fx-8350 is cheaper than the i5-3570k , by 20 $ to 30 $ , but i wonder if it 's better than it . 
  i 've been using this, 
  [ st3160021a ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16822148021 ), 
  since probably 2005 , it 's noisy as fuck , and i think it 's slow , so it 's time to change to a ssd , my motherboard is an asus p5k , so i do n't know if a ssd will go to its full speed with the sata ports that this motherboard as , but anyway , i want a ssd for os and a 1tb hdd for storage . 
  my budget for the ssd is 100 $ , what 's the best for that price ? 
  also , what 's a good 1tb hdd ? 
  thanks . 
  i want to buy a sound card for my computer , what should i look for when buying one ? 
  my budget is 50 $ , do n't know if that 's enough , and i listen to coldplay , and i watch a lot of tv shows and films . 
  iem , open or closed , i do n't care as long as the sound quality is top notch . 
  also , i watch a lot of tv shows and films . 
  hello everyone, 
  i need a good scanner to scan photos and which also have the function for scanning negatives and slides . 
  i have a budget of 200 $ ( us dolar $ 266 -- pounds # 165 ) within this price , i find the `` epson v500 '' , it seems good but i would like a second opinion . 
  can you help me ? 
  thank you . 
  i 'm thinking in buying [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/acer-s240hlbid-widescreen-monitor-backlight/dp/b005qvz79c/ref=sr_1_1?s=computers&ie=utf8&qid=1351750931&sr=1-1 ) , but a friend of mine said it is n't that good for gaming because of the 5ms , i really do n't care because i only play world of warcraft , and when my hd 7950 arrives i 'll play the ocasional cod and battlefield , and the games that people are playing now . 
  yet , i love film and tv , and every day i watch films and tv shows on my computer , and i want to watch them in 720p / 1080p , so i would like to know what should i look for in a monitor when browsing for one . 
  thanks . 
  i just got the gpu yesterday , and i was so fucking excited to play everything , the gpu is a, 
  and the first game i 've opened was world of warcraft : mists of pandaria , 30 fps 's ultra outside , inside a capital city 60 / 80 @ 1280x1024 , i 've read about it and a lot of people said mists of pandaria even with an hd 7950 is very hard to achieve more than 30 / 40 fps 's outside , then i decided to try on dirt 3 and it 's the same , settings on ultra @ 1280x1024 . 
  * 2013-01-18 11:53:24 - dirt3_game, 
  frames : 8243 - time : 99232ms - avg : 83.068 - min : 37 - max : 169, 
  done with fraps and the benchmark test inside the game .
