  once again , i hope you do n't get in trouble for these girls being crazy . 
  i drink alcohol when we go out , but i seriously do n't like wasting money on it , and i drink only if we have a party in someone 's house , last time i drank , was the birthday of a friend , i remember this shit , and made me happy . 
  i had drank , i was comfortable and had no anxiety , this cute girlfriend of a friend of mine sits down at my side , and we start talking , we did talk for about an hour , she is in med school , i was thinking `` i am doing this , i am able to have a normal conversation with a girl that is attractive . 
  '' , i made eye contact like i have never made before with a girl , i was n't anxious that she could be analyzing me , if i was ugly or cute , or tall or short , or fat or skinny . 
  i had this great conversation with her , it kinda escalated to her saying that she would fuck me if she was single , and i kinda said it to her aswell , but her boyfriend is a friend of mine so , yet , yeah alcohol can get me over the social inhibitions , but i ca n't use it everyday , otherwise i would become a alcoholic . 
   f you go with a friend who 's more social , let him make the first move and when he 's chatting up the alpha female , talk to her friends . 
  basically ... just go out . 
  do it sooner than later . 
  i ca n't do this , and i 'll explain to you why . 
  if i have a friend that is funny or cool or handsome or wealthy or something positive like you said , i wo n't probably have the confidence to talk to anyone , since i think that all the girls would more likely make out with him , than with me . 
  anxiety shit . 
  i probably do n't feel comfortable because i do n't feel comfortable with certain aspects of my face that were sometimes pointed at me when i was younger , people calling me ugly and being bullied . 
  my friends go out to clubs and bars , and when they say to me they made out with a girl , i think i would n't have a fucking chance even if i wanted to , since i do n't think i 'm that good enough to do it , i have anxiety and think that people are analyzing any shit i do or say and will use it to make fun of me and say it to my face . 
  anyway , thanks , will see what i can do . 
  i get told a lot that , you have to try 100 times , 99 you will fail , 1 you will suceed , and i know that you create your own motivation and if you want to change you are able to do it , that 's why i am going to change the way i look , physically i want to gain weight since i 'm skinny as fuck , and maybe that will help me build confidence and work from there , but when you have past shit that you are always remembering that took you down , you think that it is n't worth the effort , or it is in the short run , since you will feel better about yourself , but not in the long run , people wo n't notice your changes . 
  also , my dream professionally is a fucking joke , in my country and worldwide , my country has a shitty film industry , and people mock everyone who tries to get a film degree or work in the industry . 
  i get a sense that nothing is worth at the moment , since i ca n't get or know that probably i wo n't get to do what i really want to do . 
  now , in the short run , it is making me miserable , but i wo n't let it making me miserable in the long run , because i know that things will be okey , and i will probably be happy . 
  so , this way of thinking , makes me be sad and happy most of the time , at the same time , because who cares if i do n't have that many girls now and i 'm sad , i will eventually get one and be happy . 
  and johnny depp tapped both . 
  we 're probably the same , in different parts of the world . 
  i find myself about average on the attractiveness scale , under that yellow light i have on the bathroom , and i think that if i would workout , this `` supposedly '' baby fat i have on my face would disappear and make my cheekbones more noticeable and i would be more attractive . 
  i do n't drink at bars and clubs , since it 's too damn expensive , and not worth it , i do n't really like the drinks they have on clubs , i enjoy beer though , a lot , if i have my friends over , we have a couple of beers , not nothing else , and i do n't drink every weekend , since they do n't come here often and i do n't go out often , also we live 18 miles away from each other . 
  i was called ugly in school , and somewhat bullied when i was playing handball . 
  i quit handball to play gta : vice city on my playstation 2 , since it was safer and not anxious to be at home , rather than have that feeling of knowing what was going to happen if i went to a practice . 
  yeah , that would suck too . 
  my pessimist attitude comes from the thought of not being deluded of something i could get/have/be and then not being able to get it . 
  it makes things a lot more fun when you find out that you were able to achieve it . 
  i will find my motivation , thanks . 
  it 's more expensive in my country , it 's almost 320 $ , if we are talking about the 2gb one . 
  you know , i ca n't tease , i do n't know what to say , and if i try , i make a fool of myself , it 's not `` haha fuck your mom '' , but it 's not great either . 
  the max resolution of my monitor is 1280x1024 , i think . 
  so gtx ti , is the best of these 3 ? 
  even better than the 6870 ? 
  his name is steven seagul . 
  the goose of course . 
  so , is it proved that the 5 day routine given by trainers suck ? 
  because i 'm going to get a gym membership very soon , and for what i know the trainers give a 5 day split routine . 
  well , you us people are too late for this , since it 's already the 26th in europe . 
  well , you us people are too late for this , since it 's already the 26th in europe . 
  well , the 5 day split is what trainers , atleast in the gyms that people i knew go to give , if they are fat and want to lose weight or skinny and want to gain weight . 
  i am skinny , and so as two or three of my friends that were going to the gym before me , they used to do 5 day split routines , is it because trainers do n't know shit about shit , or is it because they just want to suck more money out of you with this routine that wo n't give you as better progress as a strength routine for skinny people to be stronger and gain weight ? 
  or maybe i 'm wrong and they know what they are doing and give this routines because it will be good for the clients . 
  too soon !, 
  i remember 2 or 3 years ago , when i went back to play handball for the first time in almost 6 years , i had a pre-season very very hard , in the 2nd day of practice , my body was fucking hurting like fuck , but really fucking hurting , i have never felt anything like that before , i could n't even move , and i 'm being serious , i could n't even move without pain . 
  i missed a practice because i could n't move from pain . 
  the thing i realized is that when i had doms from the practice , i rested for a day , went to practice the next day , and the doms started to fade , but fuck that was some intense pain . 
  i think , take a rest day , and i think you 'll be fine . 
  i suggest you not doing gomad , because a lot of milk can be bad for your body , but this is the plan i might follow in the next month , when i start to bulk , it contains 2 shakers of 845 calories each . 
  one for breakfast , and one after dinner , you can drink it while you browse reddit before bed . 
  also , the rest is pretty easy , just a normal lunch and dinner and a snack through the day , which contains 4 slices of bread with cheese and some chocolate milk , that you can eat after school when you are coming home , before the workout , atleast this is what i 'll probably do . 
  the shakers contain oats , banana , yogurt and whole milk . 
  i really like coldplay , actually is my favourite band , and yet i can say that radiohead has 2 or 3 musics that i like , like staircase and no surprises . 
  anyway , i prefer chris martin 's voice over thom york 's voice . 
  also , you should give a try and listen to some coldplay b-sides . 
  why is that ? 
  it 's my favourite movie franchise , only read one book , but despite one of my favourite actors being johnny depp , who plays captain jack sparrow in pirates of the caribbean , i still prefer the harry potter franchise , i think the story is better and emma watson . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 165lbs , i 'm 20 though , and i 'm worried that ss will fuck my back in the long run , i also wanted to know this , thanks for asking this . 
  i 've read that squats and deadlifts can fuck up your back in the long run , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , 20 years old , and i 'm thinking in doing ss , the only problem is that i 've read that those exercises will fuck up my back . 
  true or false ? 
  also , ss wo n't be done forever ofcourse , only for ~ 4 months to gain strength and then change to another routine . 
  today in gym class we had to stretch our legs and do stretch exercises , i do n't know why , but my knees almost failed , i hope this does n't happen when i start lifting . 
  thanks . 
  i used to , stopped about 2 years ago , when i moved house , i played handball . 
  now , i want to start lifting . 
  is this what people that want a `` beach body '' do ? 
  because i 'm lifting for strength at the moment , but mostly because i want a better looking body . 
  i do n't mind lifting 400lbs , because it can help you in the day to day life , like moving house and having to change furniture , but i do n't care if i get to lift that much if it is n't going to help in the day to day life or making me look better . 
  the real question is , can you do them ? 
  ah , thank you for this clarification . 
  so , i will have to work hard and gain some weight and strength first , since i 'm 40lbs from what i want , only 165lbs , want 200lbs + . 
  okey , thanks for the clarification . 
  thanks . 
  is n't gomad a bit of extreme ? 
  i thought about doing it too , but the costs of milk are very high , and also too much milk can be bad for you . 
  why not 1 liter of milk per day + oats + banana + yogurt , similar to this ? 
  1690 calories . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 165lbs , maybe you are n't counting your calories the right way . 
  this is what i 'll probably eat when i start bulking to gain weight , http://i.imgur.com/xh8bx.png . 
  also , at that weight you only need ( 16-18xbodyweight in lbs ) , so ( 16-18x162 ) calories per day , and you adjust the weight after you start gaining weight . 
  this is what i 'm doing to gain weight at 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  so , two of these shakes give you 1690 calories . 
  check breakfast and snack 2 . 
  and pulp fiction was made when he was 46 . 
  i 'm 20 , but i thought he was way younger ( 40 ) when he did pulp fiction , well i guess fame came a little bit late for him , but fuck he looks way younger than he is . 
  and now , you made me want to play metal gear solid 2 : sons of liberty , and my playstation 2 does n't work !, 
  why would you do that ? 
  let me just say as a 20 year old male that selena gomez is better than nicki minaj . 
  but i thought love was about personality , not appearance . 
  why are they singing about love , if it is n't true love ? 
  blend it . 
  check [ this ] ( http://4chanfit.wikia.com/wiki/harsh%27s_worksheet_%28wip%29 ) out , then . 
  i think too much calcium can be bad for your health , and kidney stones , but do n't quote me , i just read it somewhere , also that much milk per day is expensive . 
  i had a girl in my school that ** kept ** our conversations some weeks ago with me , but now she does n't even look at me . 
  and she used to do this in all our conversations , but then i acted not that much interested to not seem desperate , did i lose her ? 
  came here to make sure that someone pointed out the pointing out . 
  she used to talk to me , sometimes she would catch me in the morning going to class and tried to talk to me , i kinda ignored it , to give the `` i 'm not that interested '' thing , to not seem desperate , and she kinda stopped doing that , so yeah , maybe she just backed off . 
  yet , i 'm not going to think about it twice , i really do n't care , and yeah , i know it 's not worth it . 
  that comment , was mostly an attempt at reddit comedy . 
  but is n't ss/sl a starting program and then we will change it to something different , because of wanting to lift for aesthetics and not to fuck your back ?
