  do you have the link ? 
  kinda sad that he is miming the piano . 
  i know hymn for the weekend is difficult to play , but come on . 
   i think he just likes to sing and not play piano with hftw . 
  i think he already said this somewhere . 
  nothing for europe yet ? 
  2008 when i heard viva la vida or death and all his friends and heard life in technicolor . 
  is that her name ? 
  i translated to portuguese . 
  oh that 's nice , i did n't know deborah meant bee and shalom meant peace . 
  deborah in portuguese is d\u00e9bora , and i did n't know , but i just read and confirmed that deborah means bee in hebrew . 
  you learn something new everyday . 
  i hear coldplay , not radiohead . 
  what do you compare this to ? 
  i love this song though , a few months to a year back , i heard this song on repeat for months on end . 
  sodie poppies . 
  best drinks 2016, 
  of course she does . 
  she had three children . 
  ethan , sean and hila . 
  from black music producer to white filmmaker . 
  tj collins can do it all . 
  major key . 
  another one . 
  i drive . 
  it 's my favourite hygiene for my hair . 
  ode to shampoo , it 's not , it 's not a conditioner, 
  but it 's better , oh it 's better than all . 
  ode to shampoo !, 
  damn , never heard this . 
  thanks . 
  but i like the screams . 
  god damn , that was awesome !, 
  can you tell chris i really enjoy his music and that he has helped me through a lot in my life ? 
  he is like a best friend to me . 
  is n't saying there 's a `` twist '' a spoiler by itself ? 
  when are people gon na learn about this ? 
  now everyone who reads this will know that there is a twist in the end . 
  thanks . 
  nope , i do n't care for the replay , but my other logs worked fine with the guild . 
  but why do the logs with the guild without advanced combat logging worked ? 
  is there an addon that allows specific talent changes per boss ? 
  with a one click , i could just change my talent tree to what 's best for that specific fight . 
  is there anything around like that ? 
  example : nythendra , 1,2,2,1,2,1 , ursoc , 2,1,2,1,2,1 , so on and so forth . 
  what does a shield bot mean ? 
  powerword shield spams ? 
  i always liked seeing disc in arenas , they would use penance and do a lot of damage , and use mass dispel to remove my bubble as a paladin , it was fucking awesome . 
  do n't remember if they feared back then , but it was awesome . 
  did n't quite wanted to level one because i did n't really think shadow is that good , there 's the warlock for that and holy why even bothered if i was maining a holy pala , but disc just seemed so cool . 
  i 'm glad it 's fun to play in this expansion . 
  that is my thread !, 
  we all knew there would be a new album . 
  season finale , cece 's wedding . 
  i think season 3 . 
  you ca n't enjoy a porsche , because you want to have the best of both worlds . 
  what a joke . 
  chris martin does this with all the flags and no one complained . 
  the country who invited them complained . 
  hello ,, 
  i started playing actively just less than two months ago . 
  since i 'm playing by myself and i do n't want to play support in soloq , i want to go as a midlaner , see if i can carry so i can rank up faster . 
  i did my placements just a few days before the season was over and got silver iv as a support . 
  i 'm playing lux/leblanc at the moment , farming ip for more champions . 
  i only started to know the game better the past 2 months , i 've been playing the past few days 12h + . 
  i want to know where i can improve . 
  at the moment i still use the normal hotkeys to do my skill shots , i 'm not skilled enough to use auto hotkeys , ca n't remember the name now . 
  this is a game where i 've won with lux , and a game where i lost with leblanc , but i did one or two double kills . 
  i know i 'm greedy as fuck and i go for kills all the time , but i would like some input from someone from the outside to tell me where and how i can improve . 
  i can take harsh criticism . 
  * lux - http://www.replay.gg/search/euw/chrismartinasd#2944454786, 
  * leblanc - http://www.replay.gg/search/euw/chrismartinasd#2943843487, 
  hello ,, 
  i started playing actively just less than two months ago . 
  since i 'm playing by myself and i do n't want to play support in soloq , i want to go as a midlaner , see if i can carry so i can rank up faster . 
  i did my placements just a few days before the season was over and got silver iv as a support . 
  i 'm playing lux/leblanc at the moment , farming ip for more champions . 
  i only started to know the game better the past 2 months , i 've been playing the past few days 12h + . 
  i want to know where i can improve . 
  at the moment i still use the normal hotkeys to do my skill shots , i 'm not skilled enough to use auto hotkeys , ca n't remember the name now . 
  this is a game where i 've won with lux , and a game where i lost with leblanc , but i did one or two double kills . 
  i know i 'm greedy as fuck and i go for kills all the time , but i would like some input from someone from the outside to tell me where and how i can improve . 
  i can take harsh criticism . 
  * lux - http://www.replay.gg/search/euw/chrismartinasd#2944454786, 
  * leblanc - http://www.replay.gg/search/euw/chrismartinasd#2943843487, 
  thanks , but i only use spotify . 
  what about unlimited data ? 
  or is it a violation just because of one app ? 
  yes , i know that . 
  but it makes no sense for a hollywood tv show . 
  it read like a soap opera . 
  hey , thanks for the review , i really appreciate that . 
  i can see my own mistakes aswell . 
  so shitty . 
  i should n't be doing them at all . 
  i just went into league with the pointers you gave me and i think i improved a few things already . 
  already won a few games with lux . 
  * the cs was a bit better , i noticed that myself aswell . 
  i did 100 + with no effort at all . 
  anyway , i do n't know what to do when roaming around , do i kill mobs from the jungle ?
