  1000 $ per year , ~ 1300 $ per year , it 's not that much , comparing to what you spend there to study . 
  i 'm not an actor , i would like to be , or anything regarding film / tv industry , director , producer , but since it 's fucking hard to get into the business and i 'm not an american nor think i have an american face , so that would be even harder to get into due to stereotypical roles . 
  anyway , as i said it 's one of my life goals to visit la , and attend some tappings and laugh for a while . 
  cafeteria , yes , that 's the word , thanks , they do n't have the right equipment to cook their own food . 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking , but i think our colleges here are equivalent to your community colleges there . 
  never heard of `` in 'n out '' , and never tried avocados . 
  i 'm thinking in seriously gaining weight , want to get atleast to 200lbs . 
  i look like this [ guy ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/thiemodebakker.jpg ) . 
  have you ever seen then live ? 
  and what is that culture you talk about ? 
  and that 's why , these last couple of days i have been watching independent movies . 
  who the fucking dares to do that to his cat . 
  edit : accidentally a word . 
  oh yeah , shit , accidentally a word . 
  i would probably go live my life . 
  yeah , really . 
  i 'm 20 , and i would like to work on the film or tv industry , not on my country though , this shit sucks , but hollywood , actor , director , producer , anything , i could even be the guy that is the assistant to the assistant , just to hang out on the set . 
  if i knew that i would be immortal , yes , this is what i would do . 
  why ? 
  because there is time to do everything . 
  at the moment , i ca n't do it , due to having to study/work to get money to live and manage , and following a dream now , it would fuck my life if that dream took too long . 
  if i was immortal , even if it took 150 years to get there , i would get there and then just live happy knowing that i was able to live my dream and the life i wanted . 
  but best joke i 've seen all day . 
  that 's why i have social anxiety . 
  keeps me from talking to people and very self-conscious if i talk to anyone , if by any chance that shit happens . 
  i also have the `` is this girl really interested on what i am saying or is just mocking me ? 
  i think this is more common than anything . 
  atleast i have these thoughts too . 
  this happens with me , but when i am sneezing . 
  i 've read somewhere that if you try to sneeze with your eyes open they will fucking pop out or something . 
  not sure if this is even possible , because when i sneeze and this thought comes to my mind , i fucking close the eyes as fucking closed as fucking closed can be . 
  okey , i have been to ask this question for a very long time , but i do n't want to seem like a creep or anything like that . 
  i am 20 , and met this 16 year old girl , who i have talked some times . 
  now , i 've told my friends , she is intelligent , and she really is , she is probably as inteligent as my age group friends , and she knows how to carry a conversation and how to discuss a problem . 
  i told them i felt like a creep because she is younger than me , yet she seems psychologically to be as mature as me . 
  they told me to ( if i were to date her ) , to keep it a secret until she was 18 . 
  yet , due to the age factor i am afraid of doing anything from here , because i do n't want to be labeled as a creep or pedophile . 
  so , i also hate this age-based stereotypes , but really do n't know if this age range matters to society or not . 
  hey , can you tell me what is the risk rate on this ? 
  since it 's the spine , it seems it 's fucking hard to operate on the spine . 
  it has just been found that people breathe . 
  do n't miss it , ** tonight ** . 
  the big bang theory reference . 
  if for a brand new computer , let 's say 1000 $ . 
  ah , thanks man , appreciated . 
  nope , i want to upgrade my monitor aswell , and my mouse was borrowed from a friend , so yeah , i may need too . 
  anyway , appreciated . 
  edit : minus 100 $ from the microsoft windows 7 home premium . 
  because yeah , internet . 
  edit2 : i have this case , http://i.imgur.com/x96ot.jpg , but i do n't think it will be big enough for the new parts . 
  thanks , i will . 
  i was thinking in buying a 1tb or 2tb hdd , since i 'm always downloading movies and tv shows . 
  i wo n't overclock , was always afraid that i might do something wrong and fuck up the part . 
  i wanted to play the latest games , like battlefield 3 and dirt 3 . 
  and also , sony vegas and adobe after effects . 
  and the best performance while watching blurays . 
  the main worry here , is that if i buy anything new , i would have to switch the motherboard , and also i do n't know anything about sockets . 
  thanks . 
  i want a new car , a new house and free money forever . 
  you just lost it . 
  but my mom is right next to me !, 
  i make the windows genuine with a program . 
  i 'll message you what to buy . 
  thank you for this . 
  by the way , i know nothing about overclock , how did you do it ? 
  or if you do n't want to explain , where can i find a guide to do it since you said it 's easy to do . 
  thanks again , it really helped , 220 $ to change these two things is cheaper than i thought . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm yellow , i do this too , am i brown ? 
  this makes me sad , because kristen stewart is very cute and i would like her to be my girlfriend and i know that even if i smiled she would n't even look at me the way she is looking to ridiculously photogenic guy . 
  jesus fucking christ , thanks , and sorry for the trouble , what a fucking wall of text . 
  yeah , my bios looks like that . 
  also , it will be an increase of electricity usage if i overclock right ? 
  because my computer is the thing that uses more electricity in the house , and the bills come high as fuck . 
  i have a huge cooler from [ tuniq ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7amdz.jpg ) , do n't know if it 's any good , but it was giving to me by a friend . 
  is the corsair cx600 silent ? 
  the one i got makes so fucking noise i want to kick it . 
  i am seeing good reviews on the gtx560 for battlefield 3 , so maybe i will go with that . 
  once again , thanks for the tips , appreciated . 
  and then kate upton . 
  i hear this shit so many times . 
  where the fuck are you ? 
  where the fuck are these women ? 
   i am certainly not the most attractive guy you will find , i noticed this in middle school . 
  hey me . 
  i was told in middle school , that i 'm ugly and have a big nose . 
  for a kid with 12 or 13 years old it 's kinda bad for someone to say that . 
  i was told at 18 that i had a big nose aswell from a kid from middle school . 
  i was told that i have a big nose from a kid cousin who at the time was like 4 or 5 . 
  yeah , that sucks . 
  also ,, 
   so i could have a conversation with anyone over anything this person was interested in . 
  everyone should do this , having the gift of knowing how to carry a conversation and having the knowledge of all sorts of topics even if it 's just a little bit , it 's interesting . 
  the point of this thread , is how people ca n't find or have a so . 
  then they start using coke and stealing necklaces and going to jail . 
  mine !, 
  until now i did n't know who jj abrams was , because i never saw anything of his , but armaggedon who he wrote , and i thought it was some director or producer of csi : miami , because that lens flare is the most beautiful thing . 
  i really like it , but if you say he uses it that much , well i really have to check . 
  and then lens flare !, 
  oh shit , this actually happens to me .
