  i had to look into it , so here 's the [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lzw3ntz8bk ) . 
  i can do it manually . 
  why ? 
  why is that ? 
  i was thinking in flying with ryanair , they are cheap as fuck . 
  can you elaborate on why it was a shit experience ? 
  i 'm flying soon , and i do n't want the plane to crash . 
  thanks . 
  people being unprofessional does n't really matter , what matters is that the flight is safe and that i get to the destination in safety . 
  both my shoulders popped , no pain . 
  when i was in the gym , it popped and sometimes hurt . 
  i could n't do ohp because it was uncomfortable due to all the popping , how the fuck do i stabilize ? 
  okey , so now i have a bigger problem . 
  palms down , right shoulder pops , left shoulder does n't . 
  palms up , left shoulder pops , right shoulder does n't . 
  yeah , i also think that , and english is not even my first language . 
  thank you means a lot more than thanks . 
  ferrari and lamborghini are n't that appealing . 
  it 's not elijah wood , it 's that kid from harry potter , daniel radcliff . 
  i 'm new on this bitcoin/litecoin thing . 
  what about btc-e ? 
  is n't that a wallet aswell ? 
  thanks . 
  i will have to read into it , because i have no idea on how to create a personal/paper/offline wallet . 
  my litecoin program is synchronizing 85 weeks of something i do n't know what it is . 
  i just binge watched 7 seasons of the office , i 've got teared eyes a few times during the 7 seasons , it 's so awesome . 
  that was so awesome . 
  he wants to be loved , and he wants to do good , but most people do n't see it that way . 
  it sucks , i can relate to the four main characters in the office so much . 
  dwight is like that too , he likes the people he works with , he just has a hard time showing it . 
  i remember when roy tried to attack jim because of pam and dwight just pepper sprayed the dude , dwight said it was because he was a threat to the office , but we all know it was because he was defending jim . 
  thanks . 
  the sync is already on 35 weeks left , so there 's no need to download the file . 
  so , the program is an offline wallet ? 
  that 's nice . 
  i have no costs except for the electricity , i just want to start because i saw something to make money from . 
  i have this gpu for about 10 months now , and i do n't game . 
  so i do n't think i need to break even , at this point everything is profit after paying for the electricity . 
  yet , i would like my computer to be safe and i would like to be able to watch netflix or browse the internet while mining . 
  thanks . 
  are the calculations made with the gpu at 100 % ? 
  yeah , but since i have my computer on 24/7 and i already pay for that , i did n't count it . 
  just the gpu fan . 
  yeah , it does n't seem an easy job to do , since there are n't that many . 
  how much money did you sank into it ? 
  how much time aswell ? 
  how much on to buy the server and host it , etc ? 
  it is loud , louder than my old psu . 
  thanks , care to share some links on how to do it ? 
  maybe it 's silent compared to others , but it 's still loud as fuck . 
  it 's not loud at the moment , while it 's idle , but when i start to mine and the gpu gets to 80\u00bac , and the fan goes to 75 % that shit is like a fucking vaccuum . 
  yeah , i 'm not even mining , i 'm afraid i 'm just going to fuck the gpu being 24/7 at 80\u00bac and 75 % fan . 
  25 $ to 8 $ million , is n't that a bit of a stretch ? 
  that 's fucking overkill . 
  it is normal , i think , on cgminer i have 500kh/s with my 7950 . 
  i do n't mine though because my gpu gets too hot and too loud . 
  400kh/s , no oc . 
  with oc , it crashes at 900/1300 at 80\u00bac with 420kh/s . 
  what 's your case ? 
  cgminer -- scrypt -- intensity 13 -- gpu-threads 2 -- worksize 256 -- vectors 1 -- shaders 1792 -- thread-concurrency 8192 - o stratum + tcp : / / stratum.hashfaster.com :3333 - u username.username - p password, 
  this is my config for the 7950 , so i do n't know what 's wrong . 
  it seems that with that intensity , the gpu will lock my computer and i wo n't be able to do anything else . 
  also , what should i do about the hw errors ? 
  it worked great , no errors , but it locks my computer , it 's really slow . 
  is it possible for me to connect my monitor to the i5-3570k and use it as a gpu and just let the 7950 mine while not interfering with the computer ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks , i 'll try this . 
  will my normal computer suffice to create a pool ? 
  also , serious question , can we earn any money from creating a pool ? 
  you 've been naughty kids , so now your ass in on fire . 
  i will check the motherboard , but what about the dummy plug ? 
  yeah , i 'm using integrated graphics now , but i 'm only getting 520kh/s with intensity 20 . 
  i ca n't tweak anything because the cgminer does n't recognize the gpu . 
  it uses it , but ca n't recognize it . 
  no oc . 
  i switched to the gpu and it 's now giving me 620 kh/s with intensity 20 , but it locks my computer . 
  thanks . 
  any peercoin calculator ? 
  i was already able to configure the integrated graphics to the monitor and use the gpu to mine , but turns out that with intensity at 20 , it only gets 500 kh/s , while if i use it as a main gpu it gets to almost 650 kh/s . 
  now i disagree with you , so we can become friends . 
  \\  implying the hunger games are shit movies and jennifer lawrence is n't awesome . 
  wan na also be our friend ? 
  thanks . 
  so can i share it with no problems , the address ? 
  i have the litecoin-qt wallet , not password protected yet , because i do n't have ltc there , because i did n't know if i could get hacked or not just by sharing one of the addresses . 
  thanks for the information . 
  thanks . 
  800000 $ in portugal , i would be the 1 % . 
  thanks , i 'll probably try to get a computer with a clean os and create a paper wallet or something like that . 
  yet , i 'm not used to ltc , so i 'll probably use the computer wallet until i 'm more experienced with ltc . 
  how can i do that ? 
  that was scripted . 
   so do not miss the train jump in asap, 
  what does this mean ? 
  mine/buy ? 
  do nothing ? 
  i have a friend aswell that says he will help me invest but in 3 days . 
  jesus fucking christ , stay low litecoin . 
  i have a friend who might help me invest but only in a few days . 
  i hope the price does n't skyrocket to the $ 20 's .
