  yeah . 
  like 70 % or 80 % of the time i 'm good being alone , but the other % , i feel like shit because i have nobody . 
  i 'd like to have a girlfriend to share my life with , to be able to talk about my dreams , and the films and tv shows i 've watched and how much i would like to do that as a career , but i do n't have anyone to share that . 
  i have a good life , i have my family , and i love them , and i can talk to them , i have a car , if i have any money and feel like spending it , i go see a couple of friends , eat some mcdonalds , have a few laughs , but then i come home , and all i have is my computer , reddit and films and tv shows . 
  i did n't even remember it was valentine 's day . 
  i do n't even care to be honest . 
  i do have ocd , and a lot of fucking anxiety , but do you think it 's really that that are making me and you sad ? 
  i feel bad because i 'm not following what i want to do with my life professionally , and it 's part of why i get sad a lot of times , but if that sadness is attributed to my ocd and anxiety , or even depression then i 'm just fucked even if i get to do what i want . 
  well i spend most of my time at home , i can spend months without seeing my friends . 
  from probably 2012 to 2013 i saw my friends 5 times . 
   the potential of future regret really messes with my head . 
  yeah . 
   oddly enough i seem to distract myself from the need to have a so, 
  i do n't , because i 'm a bit ashamed to admit , but i live in a world where i would have a perfect life if jennifer lawrence or jane levy were my girlfriends . 
  this is probably because i spend a lot of time watching films and tv , and on / tv / . 
   in the meantime i feel like i enjoy my own company a little too much or that i 'm way too good at fooling myself . 
  i do n't think i fool myself , i really do enjoy being alone so i do n't have to talk to anyone and just enjoy what i like and do what i want , sometimes i do wish i could spend a little bit more time talking to my friends in that evening i went out with them , but it gets boring after a while , that 's why probably i tend to be alone most of the time , and sometimes when they ask me to go hang out with them , i do n't go because i know it will be boring as fuck and i could waste that time reading reddit , or watching a film or a tv show and have fun . 
  80 % of the time i 'm good with being alone , it 's the other 20 % . 
  go watch this years [ directors oscar roundtables ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gak3auq25fo ) , and tell me if they are n't stressed . 
  they are not actors , but it 's the same industry . 
  you got a pm . 
  hey man , congratulations on the surgeries . 
  can you tell me what was done from the 2nd picture to the 3rd ? 
  i 'm having a trouble with my jaw , i went to an orthondontist and they told me i probably would need braces because my right joint is wearing out really fast , and i notice that my lower jaw is moving to the left , also my lower lip seems to be like in your first pic , while my side profile is similar to your 2nd picture . 
  i would like to know because i have a fairly big nose , and my chin is sometimes no where to be found , and i 'm fucking self-conscious about it , and i 'd like to know how were the surgeries and what changed about you , confidence , etc. 
  and how much were the surgeries by the way ? 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i 've heard that a lot of times in real life . 
  from the front it 's okey , from the side not so much . 
  i would like to do my nose and jaw/chin . 
  i have a more than jew nose , and my chin is no where to be found . 
  i went to an orthondontist and i have a joint fucked up in the right side of my jaw . 
  i could use braces , but surgery , i 've been reading people losing sensation in their face . 
  that fucking sucks . 
  i do n't want that . 
  well , now you have the jaw/chin for it . 
  fucking shit , the one thing i want to do most in my life , i do n't have the facial structure for it . 
  we should probably start stacking tuna in our bedrooms like ted mosby . 
   all i saw was bright flash and glowing trace in sky like from jet . 
  it was easy to do . 
  now give me cake . 
  link, 
  oh shit , i do n't know why , but you made me laugh . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i think i watched that episode two days ago . 
  who ? 
  jennifer lawrence ? 
  are you satan ? 
  satan . 
  in soviet russia , the truth becomes dreams . 
  pls . 
  2 things in life i need . 
  a girlfriend . 
  dogs . 
   if you 're an alpha and you look like an alpha , submissive women want you to ask them out , and will hardly take the first step . 
  i am the alpha and the omega , bitch . 
  that 's why no one talks to me . 
  shit , these are the shirts i wanted to buy some days ago . 
  how the fuck ? 
  me and my dad are probably the exception . 
  he bought a subaru impreza in 1999 , drove it , and 2 years ago i got my driver 's license . 
  we never had a problem or an accident , we always use our blinkers , and we let people get in the lane when needed . 
  yet , it 's fucking fun to drive that at fast speeds . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm in portugal , and my dad bought a subaru impreza in 1999 . 
  we went to 1 or 2 subaru gatherings , where people who drove subaru 's would join and have lunch and have fun for a day . 
  people were nice , some were crazy as fuck about their cars , some would buy the car , and waste another amount of money just to put shit under the hood , but i never seen anyone being arrogant or any other shit . 
  i think you need to distinguish teenagers/immaturity/spoiled people with people who enjoy their cars because of what they are and not just to brag about having a good car . 
   implying it does n't seem like a mother and son relationship . 
  atleast for me , and from what i 've seen , it is more of a mother and son relationship with a good friendship , with a protective instinct . 
  or did i miss anything ? 
  people that are picked in the street are probably good looking , if they can act , they get to be actors , if they ca n't act , they model . 
  easy as that , and it seems norman reedus did some modelling aswell , so , be good looking and if you have the luck to be spotted in the street , you will be probably get lucky if you can act . 
  it makes me sad because i 'm not good looking . 
  step 1 . 
  be good looking . 
  just be good looking then ? 
  wow , that sounds quite shitty . 
  when i got my driver 's license i was the one who got asked to races , mostly by my friends , and most of the times just making fun of me , or just having a good time . 
  i guess there are exceptions to the rule . 
  ah , nope , i 've never done it . 
  except if it 's zooey deschanel 's eyes . 
  my dad did it , probably more than 10 years ago , and he said that i should do aswell . 
  but after reading this ,, 
   not gon na lie , about the time he said ok your going to start losing your vision now i said to myself what the fuck am i doing here . 
  i think i would end up crying right there . 
  i do n't want to lose my fucking vision . 
  jesus fucking christ , just the thought of that shit . 
  tell me what it is . 
  she is really tiny , i would love to take her on a date . 
   if you feel around , you 'll find two bumps , and just rub those . 
  my nose is a fucking bump . 
  i just got my i5-3570k , yesterday , but i 'm waiting on the motherboard , ud5h , i think i 'll buy the same ram as you , because i will only get 8gb for now , but then will probably upgrade to 16gb or 32gb . 
  and that motherfucking case , it 's the case i want . 
  fucking awesome . 
  did you had to go out , and ask numbers of random girls or go to the supermarket and talk to random people ? 
  i 've read a year ago that a redditor had to do that on his anxiety therapy , and fuck that shit , i have anxiety and i do n't think i was able to do that . 
  yeah , also , may i ask you something ? 
  do you have any troubles making phone calls or talking to people in the street or outside your house ? 
  as in , if you have to file a complaint or just buy something , can you do it ?
