  lipstick is for girls . 
  '' , i told her i want to be pretty too , she put the lipstick on me . 
  people were laughing , i got to kill them all . 
  they just stood there , lying on the floor , now without smiles on their faces . 
  i told them , `` why so serious now ? '', 
  you wan na know how i got these scars ? 
  what koalaberries said . 
  what is going to happen :, 
  * this ? 
  this is making me laugh . 
  well , i think in this situation , those people could be refering to the mainstream 2011 pop culture , aka katy perry , lady gaga and twilight . 
  not the 60 's , 70 's and 80 's pink floyd and the 1950 's movies with brando . 
  why ? 
  the priest went there to see you naked ? 
  yeah , i do n't really like girls who use fake nails , fuck that shit to be honest . 
  i like a girl with normal hands , treated yes , and with nail polish , but like natalie portman 's [ 1 ] ( http://photos-2.posh24.com/p/1241687/z/johnny_depp/natalie_portman_pink_dress_wit.jpg ) and [ 2 ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6qvjviefnj8/tlbyhnte38i/aaaaaaaadto/n6vuxo69pc8/s1600/natalie-portman-black-swan-sexy-07.jpg ) . 
  at this fucking moment it 's not , with the new orthographic agreement shit we now have to write with out c 's in a lot of words , like recta ( straight line ) , it 's reta now , vector ( vector ) is now vetor . 
  fuck this shit and fuck portugal and fuck the people who agreed with this , i have been writing for the past 19 years with the old agreement and i 'm fine with it . 
  fuck you portugal . 
  he accidentaly them . 
  no problem !, 
  can you hear me now ? 
  some words where you do n't read the letter c in a word , the letter c was removed . 
  kinda stupid , since now we write like brazilian portuguese and not portuguese portuguese , i would like to have my portuguese portuguese back . 
  if you are portuguese , search for novo acordo ortogr\u00e1fico , if you are n't search for new portuguese orthographic agreement . 
  i think it 's stupid , since we were writing with one agreement for a very long time , and now they decide to create a new one , i just do n't see the fucking point . 
  i really like to do this too . 
  i do n't have a gf tho . 
  going to cry myself asleep . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 155lbs . 
  want to weight 50 more pounds . 
  yes, 
  fuck yeah man . 
  why ca n't a person just enjoy a film by himself ? 
  i fucking love films , and just because of what you said , i will go more times and alone . 
  dear everyone in canada ,, 
  i did not mentioned mr. bieber and canada in the same sentence before ( i am doing it now though ) but i profundly accept your apologies . 
  thank you . 
  i am portuguese . 
  oh that 's really cool . 
  i 'm glad that you are able to attend and participate in film festivals . 
  portugal has nothing like that where i live , the only film festivals are in lisbon and i live in porto , anyway , they suck . 
  ** what did you say ? 
  ca n't hear because of my headphones !, 
  if my girlfriend would just like me to fuck her like a whore , i would just prematurely ejaculate and go drink a beer . 
  this , i 'm 19 and i do n't want to sound like a creep aswell , but there are 15 and 16 year old girls that i find attractive that look older and are very mature psychologically . 
  i feel you bro . 
  * sigh *, 
  the way they act in different situations , how they react to certain things and how they behave in aswell in certain situations . 
  thanks bro . 
  that was the point i was trying to make , ( but i think girls mature faster than guys , atleast in the 15-18 range , i do n't know why , atleast from what i see , girls are more responsible in school , study more than the guys , guys just do n't give a shit of whatever , when i was 15 i could n't care less about school , and now at 19 i say `` shit '' . 
  thank you . 
  well , i want to be a fucking ninja , so i 'm going to make me a fucking ninja . 
  no one will ever read my signals of interest , because now i am a ninja . 
  i am a guy . 
  and a ninja . 
  hey * dingo * , you hot . 
  i am like this , and i really like to be alone ( sometimes i miss the human contact , like wanting to have a girlfriend to share things with , but despite that i really like to be alone ) , but why does this happen ? 
  i think i am also a fucking narcissist like op , and i really do n't give a shit about other people , except when my fucking anxiety kicks in . 
  am i mentally ill or something ? 
  i also remember a redditor saying that he was a narcissit with very low self-esteem , i am this also . 
  no , he is not . 
  i am also selfish , lazy and average . 
  i have tried to combat this and become atleast less lazy and work at school and have some kind of responsibility . 
  also , i really like to be alone ( sometimes i miss the human contact , like wanting to have a girlfriend to share things with , but despite that i really like to be alone ) , but why does this happen ? 
  i think i am also a fucking narcissist like op , and i really do n't give a shit about other people , except when my fucking anxiety kicks in . 
  am i mentally ill or something ? 
  i also remember a redditor saying that he was a narcissit with very low self-esteem , i am this also . 
  i know that he was saying that because of his actions and the way he is he is alone , i just wanted to share my thoughts and how i am living . 
  tree of life . 
  awesome movie , but it was a little difficult to watch , when there was only 50 minutes of dialogue and people talking and 2 hours of beautiful things of the earth . 
  yes , i have a lot of anxiety , that 's why i do n't go out often , but my psychological tells me i do n't like to go out , is this a defense mechanism ? 
  at the moment , i think , i have never craved social contact more than ever , i really want someone to talk to and hug and that shit . 
  anxiety tho keeps me from talking to people . 
  the narcissism part . 
  i sometimes feel like i am the shit , the best , when i am out alone walking in the streets listening to coldplay . 
  yet , when i am around someone , like a friend or something , i feel like shit , bad . 
  sometimes at night , when i am about to sleep , my brain starts to think in social interactions with people , mostly girls or girl i want to talk/date/whatever , i feel very happy , but when i start thinking on what i am thinking , i feel the anxiety , and that just keeps me from doing what i am thinking about , do n't know if this made sense , but oh well . 
  thanks for your input . 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ repost this if ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ ~ you are a beautiful strong black woman ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ who do n't need no man ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~, 
   ftfy, 
  i have always felt like you did , like a `` 3rd wheel '' or some kind of similar thing , and maybe i 'm just in the wrong circle of friends , i do n't share neither do they any similar interests . 
  they go to the club 2 times a week , i do n't really like it , i do n't like the music , i do n't like crowded things , whatever . 
  i would like going to something that has fresh air , beach or something similar and just have a nice long 3am-type talk with someone , and not worry if i am beeing judged or will be . 
  i ca n't look a girl in the eyes for more than 5 seconds because of the fear that i think that she is thinking that i suck , am ugly or have anything on my face , this is sad and stupid . 
  two days ago , i was explaining the end of a film to a female colleague that caught my eye , she is intelligent and cute , i just could n't really look her in the eyes for more than 5 seconds , i had the feeling that she was looking through my soul or some kind of crazy shit . 
  the morning of that day , she did a presentation of shakespear 's romeo and juliet for a class , and while she was doing the presentation she was looking a lot to me , and during those 5 minutes , i had no problem locking my eyes on her , she looked to me a lot of times and even smiled to me and i had no problem with that . 
  i start to `` shiver '' when i talk and have to make eye contact for a very long time , i start to be very self-conscious . 
  i do n't have a girlfriend since 2008 aswell , i am 19 though , and the last girlfriend lasted not more than 1 week . 
  i do n't have anyone to go to a happy hour thing to , also i do n't really like to drink , and sometimes i feel i do n't really need anyone , since i am good on my own , but a girlfriend to spend some time with . 
  did you also felt this way or did you also wanted friends to hang out with ? 
  also , congratulations on your happiness and your girlfriend . 
  thanks . 
  i deer you to do that . 
  rob a fucking bank , kill everyone else in the fucking world , fuck emma watson , fuck emma stone , fuck natalie portman , fuck mila kunis , all night long , all night . 
  the things like, 
  legs accidentally touching under table , then not moving . 
  alternatively , getting caught looking and looking away quickly / getting flustered / trying to hide it .
