  we know nothing about emma watson , except that she used to play hermione . 
  i 'm portuguese and i do n't know this . 
  what are these ? 
  maybe . 
  it 's the one christmas thing that i have never eaten . 
  arroz doce . 
  i remember when i was 11 , i went to algarve with my parents and my sister for vacations . 
  my sister is 4 years younger than me , so she was 7 or 8 at that time . 
  there was this so cute 12 year old girl that i saw one day on the small pool , and i started looking at her , and she looked at me like a couple of stupid small kids who had no idea what they were doing . 
  i asked my sister to ask her name . 
  her name was sandra . 
  she was so beautiful , she knew how to speak a little french and english . 
  we then talked to sandra for some days , and i remember calling a friend of mine and asking `` i know her name , what do i do now ? '' . 
  yeah , what a fucking stupid little kid i was . 
  i was a kid , and only had a cellphone , and never had any contact with the internet at that time , nor anything of those stupid social networks existed , so one day , after not seeing her for about 2 days , my parents tell me that we had to go , i was eating some cereal and i started to cry , i had never felt like that before , all i could think was `` i will never see her again , what should i do ? 
  i love her . 
  '' , i cried , and i think some tears went to the bowl with cereal and milk . 
  then i just ran away , and searched for her in the camping site ( i think that it is the name for it `` acampamento '' - portuguese word ) we were , it looked like a stupid romantic comedy made in hollywood where i was the guy chasing around the girl , on an stupid and crazy attempt of getting her , in which this case i would ask her for her phone number to contact her later . 
  i could n't find her , so we had to leave . 
  i remember that day , the hours i was awake , just crying because i would never see her again . 
  when i got home , i tried to sleep , but in the middle of the night , i woke up to my television tuned to a stupid tennis match , and the first thought i had was her . 
  days later , i asked my little sister to call the camping site and ask for sandra . 
  the lady from the camping site asked for the last name . 
  none of us knew it . 
  i am now 1 day of being 20 years old , and i still remember her sometimes . 
  do n't know why , but she got stuck in me . 
  maybe just because i was a kid , but whatever . 
  now that i am an adult i can see , that even if i was this age it would n't work out , because she lived 310 miles away from me . 
  i am from oporto , and she is from sines . 
  * sorry for any typing or grammar mistakes , english is not my first language . 
  ** tl ; dr : 11 year old kid falls for 12 year old girl , never saw her again . 
  thank you and sorry . 
  so what are you going to do now ? 
  i thought i was the only one who thought this . 
  glad i 'm not . 
  i 've played this demo so many times , it was the second console i got , my parents gave it to me . 
  first console i got was master system iii with sonic , some time after my dad bought me the lion king , some time after in christmas , i got the playstation with dragon ball final bout and that demo . 
  i remember playing hercules a lot of times , porsche challenge was difficult because it had a time attack checkpoint challenge thing , oddworld was a bit creepy , also , dino and manta technical was so fucking creepy that i 'm now 20 years old , made today , and i 'm still fucking afraid of those two technicals , never again !, 
  how do i brew my own beer ? 
  also , nice label . 
  choose this :, 
  atleast , i 've read people saying it 's better than the optimum one . 
  from what i have seen , heard or read about sweden . 
  1st you are the least corrupt country in europe . 
  2nd you give 400 + leave paid days for a couple who just had a kid and has to take care of him/her . 
  also , you have the swedish girls , so what do you want more ? 
  step 1 - get a swedish girl to fall for you . 
  step 3 - ??? 
  step 4 - year and a half of paid vacations to take care of your newborn child . 
  how much is a cup for you in grams ? 
  i have 20 kinds of cups in my house , i never know what is a cup to you . 
  as cups of milk , 250ml ? 
  i tried cinnamon a couple of days ago , and it 's good , i like it . 
  if i add 3 big spoonfuls of peanut butter , i end a 12 oz jar in a day , and they are almost 6 $ here . 
  i do n't know what is ground flax or psyllium husk , but i will search . 
  banana is also good with oats . 
  the worst thing is when oats get syrupy ( correct word ? 
  ) , and some portions will just be the oats with the taste of water , that sucks . 
  also , these 3 cups last you how long ? 
  1 meal ? 
  or more ? 
  thanks for the tips man , appreciated . 
  i was supposed to eat 200gr per day of oats . 
  100gr in the morning , and 100gr in the evening before going to bed , this with atleast 1lt of milk . 
  so 750ml ? 
  of oats is a lot i think . 
  4 servings are enough for 2 days . 
   but maybe nutella would work ? 
  it costs the same . 
  i would buy the sign if it was available for purchase , it looks so fucking awesome . 
  no man , he is vaccuuming your mom . 
  all glory to the hypnodog !, 
  how would i get a scholarship ? 
  my grades were n't that great in highschool , i was a immature kid , and that 's why i went back to highschool again , to get better grades . 
  but how do i get a scholarship ? 
  thanks . 
  if i do not give a fuck , i wo n't have money . 
  what is second ? 
  thanks man . 
  really ? 
  i always thought that uk was one of those countries that you earn well , but you also spend it , like rents and stuff . 
  i know that if a mother can go there , and ask for a place to stay , and the government will help her out instantly , atleast that was what a neighbour told to my dad . 
  thanks , will check it in a few minutes , my speakers died , have to plug the headphones . 
  taking action will probably get me unemployed , which will lead to not having money , this being second . 
  yes , i am in his eyes . 
  university is pretty cheap compared to usa , a normal degree of 3 or 4 years is about 1000 $ per year , so , it 's pretty cheap . 
  the real reason of not going to university , is that , i will not have a job in my country . 
  i would certainly have a job in uk or usa , even if it was as a assistant to the assistant or as an extra , because the industry is bigger , and there are a lot of productions in tv and film in those countries , but here , nah , it sucks , 1 movie each 2 years , and the tv is soap opera , that are made in the same channel , and they suck . 
  oh , i would move , i just have this insecurity of not having a good future in front of me , due to all these things that worry me . 
  what about the people that become shut-ins because of what they have suffered in middle school / high school or younger ? 
  my first girlfriend whom i only dated 1 week because she broke up with me because i said `` i love you '' too soon also kissed me . 
  she had broke her nose and invited me to her house to watch a movie , i did n't know how to make a move , so after some time into the movie we were `` watching '' she put her tongue in my mouth , i turn my head to the side and we started making out . 
  yeah , 15 or 16 year old me . 
  also , that was the last time i had any make out contact with a girl . 
  i miss having a girlfriend . 
  i am 20 now . 
  shit , am i clinical depressed in these last 10 years ? 
  shit , shit , shit , shit . 
  this is why i always get sad and depressed when i know that i have school the next day , but it 's still midnight and i prefer to listen to some music or read reddit instead of going to sleep because i know that i wo n't do anything in those 8 hours but sleep , and then having to go through a day of hearing people talk about shit that i do n't really care ? 
  i was just an immature high schooler , who was used to play unreal tournament everyday and did n't know what to do .
