  yeah , i want to do that , but lessons are expensive and i do n't own a piano . 
  i need cataclysm . 
  you want the account and the codes ? 
  i 'm offering the amount necessary for you to trade the key with me . 
  each code is $ 21.95 , so i have in total 87,8 $ . 
  sure , so how many things do you want ? 
  3 it 's okey , just let me know when you want to trade . 
  oh , if i had the money and the contacts of all these people , i would certainly win an oscar . 
  playstation 2 ? 
  will you sent it to me ? 
  pm me more details . 
  it would have been awkward . 
  my name is fire , james bond fire . 
   that 's one tall bitch . 
  i read this as a hollywood stereotypical black man comedian . 
  in the end , it sounded like `` deixem passar '' as `` let me/them pass '' in portuguese . 
   lawyer up . 
  delete facebook . 
  hit the gym . 
  i prefer windows media player . 
  i really do , it 's fast , and i can play flac , so what 's the point on installing other things ? 
  edit fast man , so no one knows !, 
  come on baby , make it hurt so good . 
  some time this shit gives me an headache , and i do n't know why . 
  amd hd 6850 , also 6970 and 5770 ( and the difference from 6850 to 6970 is only 25 $ ) seem very good to me , since i will only play at 1280x1024 . 
  i like amd , so this is very good . 
  i think i 'll go with amd hd 6970 . 
  thanks for the help man , very appreciated . 
  edit : just saw your edit , so , should i wait until december and then buy a card ? 
  i was also thinking in playing mw3 and bf3 , so maybe i really should wait . 
  oh , it 's a 6870 , from what i see from the benchmarks , it 's not that bad either . 
  it pulls 100 + fps on bf2 , and almost 60 fps in high quality settings on bf3 , so i think it 's good . 
  but i think i will wait 1 or 2 more months for the next generation gfx cards . 
  thanks . 
  i live in portugal , the max i can download at the moment is 250kb/s with latency of 300ms . 
  the package i got from the isp is 24mb/s download , which divided by 8 is 3mb/s , which is more than 10 times faster than what i am able to get now . 
  til , thanks . 
  i thought it was 24mb/s and never understood why we would have to divide by 8 to know what was the actual connection we had . 
  `` hey , do you like my body ? '', 
  he is a secret agent , not a * fish * !, 
  so you are saying is that for an example status changes are a brief projection of someone 's life without all the details in cause ? 
  i was also thinking in the legal part of facebook , that 's because facebook said or says that no information of the user will be stored or kept in the facebook servers , and in fact , most people do n't know , that facebook has every information about you , aswell as information of what you do in your computer after logging out of facebook . 
  actually it would be 1.5 lives 3 . 
  yes , that would solve the problem on not having to waste 20 $ on changing servers again . 
  i have opened a ticket saying this, 
  `` hi , so i got hacked , and got the account today . 
  my char was on grim batol , and now it 's on alextrasza , which is a german server , and i 'm not even german , and ca n't even understand their language . 
  can you reverse this , please ? 
  thanks . '', 
  their response was, 
  `` you are receiving this message in response to the help petition which you submitted regarding the recent compromise of your account . 
  regrettably we will be unable to reverse this transfer for you . 
  please remember that it is ultimately the account owners responsibility to keep their account secure . 
  please follow this checklist on how to secure your account and prevent any repeat incidents of this nature : '', 
  what did your friend told them ? 
  thanks . 
  i 've opened a ticket on the website . 
  i do n't know if the customer service by phone is still available at this hour . 
  oh , glad they were able to help you . 
  i had good and bad experiences from blizzard , from saying that they ca n't do anything to help to giving me free gametime to check the new expansion / contents . 
  yes , i will get an authenticator , thanks . 
  yeah , i have also opened an in-game ticket , let 's see if they do n't cancel it , like they did one time before . 
  talked to a in-game gm , he said they ca n't do anything . 
  edit : talking with the 4th gm , they said they ca n't undo nothing because the transfer was done one month ago . 
  this is the 3rd gm i 've asked/talked to , no one was able to help . 
  lets see how many more . 
  i have to use google translate to ask for someone to boost me on 2v2 for conquest points cap . 
  i am trying any form of contact i can at the moment , from in-game to battle.net support tickets . 
  kamikaze !, 
  they are now cancelling all my tickets and saying that if i create any tickets they will take action , since what i am doing is ticket abuse . 
  they are now cancelling all my tickets and saying that if i create any tickets they will take action , since what i am doing is ticket abuse . 
  they said the transfer was done 1 month ago and they ca n't do anything . 
  no , i spammed tickets , maybe that 's why they are pissed off right now . 
  i 'm not missing anything , in fact , the hacker left me 4 months of gametime , 24k gold and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fo8i0.jpg ) . 
  they said it 's a paid service and the account did n't seem to be hacked , i 've told them to check ip locations , address changes and email changes , but they just ignored it . 
  they are saying it 's a paid service that the account does n't seem to be hacked , and i 've told them to check ip locations , address changes and email changes , but they just ignored it . 
  yes , i did n't find anyone . 
  pmed . 
  the last time i logged in was like 4 or 5 months ago . 
  i just got it back yesterday . 
  sent them my id and asked for the account back , saying that it was hacked and i could n't access it . 
  can you help ? 
  nope . 
  re : re : re : fwd : fwd : re : fwd : re : fwd, 
  username relevant . 
  i 'm not a teenager that randomly says `` i have ocd omgomgomgomg '' , i do have ocd . 
  you have both been upvoted . 
  yes , this , thanks . 
  sir , yes , sir !, 
  yeah , i needed this aswell to something i had to write for a philosophy class , it was about comparing the allegory of the cave with facebook . 
  thanks again . 
  yeah , you did n't have to . 
  look at all the other comments , they already did . 
  good guy spider gets killed . 
  i also thought this when i saw him driving a taxi in the trailer . 
  no , you are me , and he is you , so if you is him , and he is me , i am op . 
  their newest album has been released . 
  i am ugly as fuck , and having someone do this , makes me feel a little bit better , also i do n't have any friends at the moment . 
  you wan na know how i got these scars ? 
  my mom was in line at a store with me , and she said , `` oh let me put my lipstick '' , and i said `` mom , i want too '' , mom said , `` you sure honey ?
