  jon hamm once said that if at the time he was 25 he was n't working he would give up from his dream . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  yes . 
  i replied to myself aswell . 
  it 's scary enough for us to ask you on dates , grab your hand , go for the first kiss , we want us to do everything , the pressure is bigger than what you do . 
  and rape him . 
  she really said that ? 
  but were n't we talking about grandpa ? 
  why ? 
  how much per year do you make by being a stuntwoman ? 
  how much did paypal took from you as fees ? 
  well , i have nothing to say to you but fuck you . 
  as another male , i do n't even beg , because alone . 
  i think opera is better . 
  really ? 
  i 'm downloading at almost 800kb/s . 
  so , that sucks . 
  well , thanks for the info man . 
  ah , thanks , but my internet is capped at ~ 800kb/s . 
  that 's what i said . 
  - agent michael scarn, 
  but you did n't had to cut me off !, 
   the over-excitedness that comes with getting laid they jump the gun and forget they 're having sex with a person . 
  not if they are having sex with a nonperson . 
  i did n't , i had bread in front of my eyes . 
  they were dating . 
  ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) because i know somewhere , deep down in my heart ... 
  ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) i still love you . 
  i 'm full of magical items ? , the blue ones , and i do n't know if i should sell them on a merchant and earn gold , or if i should sell them on the auction house . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice , i 'll probably invest the money on the blacksmith . 
  thanks . 
  thanks for the links . 
  me too , how does that make you feel ? 
  the sad part is when she is nice to you and you think she likes you , but then you see her being nice to everyone and you do n't know what the fuck is going on and you lose your hope . 
  i 'm failing in this part so fucking much . 
  i would like so much to have anyone , really anyone to talk about what i really love , but i do n't even have friends to talk about it . 
  really , i 'm so fucking sad . 
   [ and not just `` i 'm interested in movies so i 'll watch them constantly '' crap ], 
  you lost me there , is n't film a legit interest ? 
  and how its made , and produced and directed ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not lifting , am i overtrained or are these symptoms of other thing ? 
  500ml 2 % milk , chocolate powder , 100gr oats , 1 strawberry yogurt and a bit of cinnamon . 
  maybe it 's because of overall anxiety , i think lifting would be good to my anxiety , would make me more calmer and with a slower heartbeat . 
  louis ck said that when he wants to fap he goes to the car , but one time a neighbour saw him fapping , but whatever , i think he continued . 
  the foaming happened with whole milk aswell . 
  i was eating the oats and everything i said in its solid state , i just figured that if i have to eat 1500 calories from that , i would do it better if it 's in a liquid state . 
  i seriously did n't know that jackie chan could n't english that well . 
  fronds, 
  fronds, 
  hey , sir , i do n't like your outfit , therefore i do n't want to be your friend , therefore you are an idiot . 
  i actually do n't believe that . 
  thank you father , i hope that god will forgive you too . 
  as another 20 year old , i third your statement . 
  i have thought about that aswell , and i think it 's way to easy to kill anyone , not a planed murder of someone you know , just a random stabbing while walking the motherfucking street and you 're done . 
  you 've killed a person . 
  or just drive to another city you do n't know , get a gun , shoot someone , drive to the city you 're living , no one will get to know it was you , profit . 
  if the sky is on fire , is n't it going to set fire to the rain ? 
  i 'm 20 . 
  and yes , i find 16 year olds attractive . 
  they are even more attractive when they talk to me . 
  ah , says the stereotypical redditor . 
  what if it is n't ? 
  i 'm not trying to insult pairadise , i 'm just saying i do n't believe anyone has ever masturbated to me . 
  to pairadise , yes , to me , no . 
  also , to you too . 
  thanks , appreciated . 
  just wanted to say you have a guitar like mine . 
  nice !, 
  about her stealing money , just take a few more pictures and then go to the police . 
  also , do n't tell anyone you have a camera set on your room . 
  i did too , and i 'm a 20 year old male . 
  op , where do i get a cat like this ? 
  i want one . 
  ggggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, 
  parenting comes to bite you in the ass ? 
  how are the controls ? 
  is n't touch a little bit difficult to play ? 
  do you walk with your fingers or do you have the up down left right a b controls in the screen ? 
  the ps3 controller does n't fit in my pockets . 
  okey , thanks , well time to buy an iphone . 
  and play crash bandicoot 2 again . 
  okey , thanks , well time to buy an android . 
  and play crash bandicoot 2 again . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  nah , i want a phone that has already controls built-in , even if it is in the screen . 
  the only things i want in my pockets are my wallet , my phone , my keys and a chapstick . 
  and yeah , that is pricey . 
  the blind guy did n't seacrest . 
  that is grandparenting biting you in the ass . 
  if that happens to me , i stay on the bed , because i have anxiety before going anywhere . 
  i 'm 20 , 6 ' 4 '' but i 'm skinnier than you , 165lbs . 
  i was thinking in drinking 2 shakes per day consisting in milk + chocolate powder , 1 yogurt , 1 banana and 100gr of oats , it 's about 1000 calories per shake , so 2000 calories . 
  i need about 3000 per day , so the normal lunch and dinner would suffice , the thing is i can not at the moment drink the shakes i 'm doing , it gets a lot of foam and it tastes a lot bitter and a bit like acid , so i 'll probably go as you are going , half a gallon a day of whole milk or something , which are like 1200 calories . 
  and with the addition of trying to eat the oats solid , with a banana and a yogurt , which is easier for me . 
  so , try to incorporate oats in your diet , since 100gr of oats are like 350 calories and if you eat two times a day it 's almost 1/3 of the calories you should ingest at that weight . 
  so , half a gallon of milk per day plus 200gr of oats will give you almost 2000 calories . 
  yeah , that would be cool . 
  when are you going to start lifting and what is going to be your routine ? 
  half a gallon will be difficult , not to drink because i can drink 1 liter of milk in a minute or so , but going to the bathroom every 5 minutes will be fucking hard and if we get constipated it will be even harder , but oh well , 2000 calories only drinking milk and oats , it 's cool , yo .
