  i 'll try to know that this week , call or go there , or just ask my cousin to ask his colleague . 
  i really hope that they do have all that equipment , if not , are the machines a bad choice ? 
  that what i was thinking and that is what i am going to do from the start , fuck the haters , i will start with low weight to see if i can get a proper way of doing the lifts and check if i am comfortable with what i am doing , will try to record it . 
  i have been seeing youtube videos and other stuff on how to do atleast the squats since it 's the only thing i have never done , the bench press i have already done when i was playing handball , and i remember using my back for strength and i think this is wrong , i should only use the strength i have in my arms and not use other body parts . 
  the biggest worry i have is fucking my back and when i 'm older having a hernia , because that shit hurts like fuck and i do n't want to be unresponsible now to have pain later . 
  thank you for the great answer . 
  i would really like not to have to use machines , since i want to be stronger and not only get a better looking body . 
  also , with machines the weight gains wo n't be as fast or as better if i was doing ss right ? 
  since i 'm trying to gain 50lbs , i am 6 ' 4 '' 154lbs . 
  oh really , i was wrong then , i thought using your back to gain strength would fuck it on a long term . 
  like doing a bicep exercise with a bar , i do n't know the name of the exercise , but while doing it , and using your back to gain strength will fuck it aswell in the long term . 
  the max i did on bench press at the time , like 3 years ago was like 30kg / 40kg i think , so yeah fuck the haters , i only did it like 4 or 5 times aswell , but even though the back thing was always on my mind not to arch it or use it , because fuck long term pain . 
  i did n't know there was a dvd , will download it . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  glad it 's only 45 minutes . 
  my cousin told me 2h per day of workout . 
  got one already , thanks . 
  will definetly read it or download the dvd and watch it . 
  the one exercise i am more worried about is the squat since from what i have been seeing it seems the most difficult exercise in ss , it requires a lot of balance and if you fuck up , there goes you and the weight to the ground , and i really do n't want that . 
  oh yeah , because you had 5lbs everyday . 
  also , i 've never seen a squat / power rack , atleast in the other gym , and i 'm assuming that this gym does n't have one either , can i still do squats or it wo n't be possible to do ? 
  are the squat bars different from press bench ? 
  my cousin may/will be my spotter , i 've already told him that i needed one for my workout plan . 
  oh okey , so if they do n't have a rack i probably wo n't do squats , and probably wo n't workout the way i wanted , i 'll probably just do dumbbell exercises and bench press , or just do the workout the trainers have planed for someone who wants to gain weight . 
  i really need to check it out , i 'll send them an email right now . 
  interesting , i ask this , because i have overall anxiety and ocd , not yet treated , but i 've read that we do have different thought patterns and different ways of seeing things . 
  i have anxiety and ocd since i remember , from very young , and i remember having these thought patterns like `` what if '' , i know what will happen if i talk to a girl and ask her out and she says yes or no , i know what will happen if i fail in an exam , i know what will happen if someone robs me , when i was like 6 or 7 years old , i asked my aunt , me being so worried about this , probably already ocd , `` i am talking inside my head , am i crazy ? 
  '' , maybe this was related to ocd , but it stuck in me , because i was discovering what was this , and what are the causes and what not , and it is a different thought pattern than the normal person , the normal person would probably know that was thinking and it was not crazy , and sometimes even when i am talking to friends , i sense that i am more intelligent , or maybe they are just dumber or less mature , which can be the case . 
  yet , the lower iq made me think . 
  where can i do an iq test to see if my iq is lower than the `` normal person '' ? 
  and what are the differences between a low iq person and a high iq person ? 
  understanding quantum physics easily ? 
  able to solve puzzles with 3500 pieces in 10 minutes ? 
  i have n't read about it yet , but will . 
  thank you and sorry for the trouble . 
  ah , this is the answer i was looking for . 
  the what if scenarios can make people overthink and therefore finding solutions . 
  could n't this be a sign that that person could be a bit more intelligent ? 
  is this why i am afraid of getting rejected by a girl ? 
  is this why i do n't yell on traffic because i can be shot or punched by someone ? 
  that 's probably called stealing . 
  i want to think a lot , just not have that general anxiety that is fucking crippling and keeps me from going outside , yet i love it inside . 
  but thanks for the advice . 
  then she says `` i do n't want anything serious '' and you say `` oh yeah , that 's cool , take it slow right ? '', 
  and she goes `` sigh '' and leaves the ikea bed you were in and some days after breaks up with you and some months after you see her again and she is fucking married . 
  but you also need to think what seat can you take . 
  one day , i was walking in the city , and i look in a mirror not knowing it was a mirror and i think `` holy shit , that dude is fucking ugly !, 
  '' , it was just me i was looking at . 
  oh , yeah , correction , `` and i think '' . 
  `` eeeeeeeh , who 's that ? 
  shit , it 's me , ohimsofuckinguglyicantbelieveimaliveshitfuck . '', 
  that 's the main reason i fake so many times , acting . 
  it 's fucking great to act as a confident , fast talker person and sometimes as an arrogant , asshole person . 
  fuck yeah acting !, 
  yeah , i can vouch for this , there are 7 billion people in the world , let 's say 50 % men 50 % women , if on those 50 % of men , 80 % are below average , and 40 % make less than 40 $ k a year , then our population should be like 1 million people . 
  fuck charts , just ask several girls out , fuck it , one will say yes , if not come back to reddit and check dogs and cats pics . 
  did n't read the rest , but, 
   i 'm usually struggling for something to say , an interesting topic to bring up , etc. 
  if this happens to you , then it 's because the girls are not that interesting or do n't share the same interests as you because if they do , you will have plenty to talk . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  how long has it been ? 
  any relationships after that ? 
  spam bitches !, 
  10th grade , got rejected by 2 , another one started to talk to me and invited me to her house . 
  never thought about the other 2 , yet being rejected is fucking hard . 
  that 's why i am afraid of asking girls out , fuck rejection . 
  this is what is wrong in wanting to have a relationship , why do we have to time everything ? 
  `` oh , i have to wait a little longer before asking her out because i may be seen as a creep '' , `` oh , i 've waited to long , now i 'm friendzoned . '' . 
  this shit seems very forced , just be yourself , do n't try mind games . 
  yet , do what i say , not what i do because i 'm starting to doing these little mind games aswell , yet , i think they are kinda forced . 
  and then a guy comes and your female friends say `` eww , he is gross and creepy , i want fucking brad pitt . 
   never act desperate . 
  the right frame of mind is `` i 'm awesome , you should want to be with me , if you do n't ill find someone else '', 
  this is so fucking true . 
  i 've read it on reddit a while ago aswell , and this makes perfect sense . 
  why do we have to be so nervous about showing the right image to girls ? 
  why do we think about not fucking up because we want to be with them and we want to show them that ? 
  we should think otherwise , we should think that they should be the ones to think that they want to be with us and impress us , but yet this just comes with confidence . 
  if you are confident you will think differently than the normal stereotypical forever alone average redditor that we all are . 
  let me know about big noses and weak chins . 
  because cute chicks and ugly chicks do n't have feelings . 
  humans are all the same , have feelings and other shit , just their fucking face is different . 
  your thought pattern is the same as mine , that 's why i 'm fond a girl right now , but i do n't ask her out , because if i stay in school i will have to look at her for the next 2 years , and it will be awkward seeing her everyday after i get rejected , since we are in the same class that would be great , all that akwardness . 
  we 're fucked up man . 
  i think it 's the social phobia that keeps people from asking one another 's out . 
  people think that if they get rejected they will be laughed at in the street because of the girl that rejected saying it to the friends , and friends to other friends , and other shit , like in a movie where you see someone being bullied in high school . 
  imagine derp asks derpina out , derpina says no and tells to derpette , derpette tells to all theire friends , and when derp is walking in the street everyone laughs about him and yells `` oh look it 's derp he got rejected by derpina what a freak ! '', 
  yeah , my thought pattern . 
  i 'm fucked up . 
  as a black man working for the minimum wage in the graveyard shift i once had a guy that hoped in my cab and was a serial killer , he then died in a train after a series of murders , that shit got heavy . 
  she got a guest spot on house a few years ago . 
  yeah !, 
  edit : she got a nose job ? 
  why ? 
  her nose was fine . 
  jesus fucking christ hollywood . 
  how much money is good money ? 
  do you have a porsche ? 
  that 's sad :(,
