  i guess if i eat breakfast everyday , my body will get used to it and will ask for breakfast everyday , and though it will make me hungry more times a day and i will eat more . 
  i will also see where i can get mixed nuts , and also , how do you eat them ? 
  just get a handfull of nuts and eat them ? 
  thanks . 
  a cup of peanut butter ? 
  how many jars are you talking about per week ? 
  also , i prefer to drink milk than water , so i guess more calories . 
  sure , thanks . 
  a jar of peanut butter ( 12 ounces ) here costs 3 $ to 4 $ , it 's very expensive . 
  i do n't know what a big jiffy jar is , since i think here in portugal , they only sell 12oz jars . 
  i do n't know how to calculate my mass and fat % , so i think that is n't useful to me . 
  here the oatmeal is cheap , 50 cents per 400g , chicken breats are expensive , 3 $ per 2 or 3 , peanut butter is also very expensive almost 4 $ a 12oz jar , and no one sells milk gallons here , only 1 liter milk bags . 
  i do n't think anyone sells in bulk and that , so i guess i will have to find another way to get all these things in bulk and for cheap . 
  yeah , i ate to do any type of chores in the morning , but i will try to eat everyday when i start to lift , at the moment is n't that important . 
  a can of tuna is also very expensive , it 's 50 cents per can , and mind that it 's not cent of dollar , it 's cent of euro . 
  milk , 1 liter is 50 cents aswell , oats , 400g , 50 cents , oats are pretty cheap compared to milk , because i take 2 to 4 days to finish a bag of oats , depending if i eat 100g or 200g per day of oats , when the milk , i could finish 2 liters per day , which costs 30 $ per month . 
  it gave me this, 
  food energy required 4 . 
  2636 kcal ( in megajoule  11 mj ( in kwh  3.1 kwh, 
  12 % fat, 
  2 . factor - 0.05, 
  duration - 0.75, 
  i 'm in portugal , so costco does n't exist here , yet i can find cheap beans i think in a market place or something . 
  tortillas are expensive as fuck , 4 are almost 5 $ . 
  i ca n't get off brand ones i think . 
  rice is a lot harder to eat than pasta , i think pasta and beans would be better . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  if it 's a tv show , breaking bad . 
  if it 's a movie , drive , i 've wanted to see [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780504/quotes ) again . 
  `` driver : if i drive for you , you get your money . 
  you tell me where we start , where we 're going , where we 're going afterwards . 
  i give you five minutes when we get there . 
  anything happens in that five minutes and i 'm yours . 
  no matter what . 
  anything a minute on either side of that and you 're on your own . 
  i do n't sit in while you 're running it down . 
  i do n't carry a gun . 
  i drive . '', 
  this has happened so many times to me , that i have lost all my confidence . 
  `` oh yeah , she was not looking at me , again , it 's the 10th time . 
  i guess i 'm that ugly . '', 
  why do you do this ? 
  we , men , just ... ah , fuck ... do n't do that , if you happen to make eye contact with us , please smile , we will smile back . 
  if we make eye contact with you , and do n't instantly look away , well , that may be something and we were n't just looking around the room . 
  ah , that old awkward thing that , we all do . 
  i always assume if a girl looks from me the instant she notices eye contact , that, 
  * she does n't want to give me false hope, 
  * i am ugly, 
  * i have a big nose, 
  * i have a weak chin, 
  * i am fucking ugly, 
  * she is looking at me , because she ca n't look away , because she wants to see how fucking ugly i am, 
  * if she is looking at me , makes eye contact , smiles , is because she is criticizing me mentally because i am ugly, 
  * also, 
   in fact , i 'll even go a step further and say she probably does n't want me to think that she has even the slightest interest in me because she would feel insulted and would knock her self confidence that someone so hideous would think they had a shot large enough that it would be worth looking at her . 
   i 'm not even trying to be funny . 
  here you go . 
  me and you , supersecretalternate are similar . 
  if you made this to me and i was interested in you , i would pull the hollywood `` i 'm proud '' thing , we would make eye contact , you would smile , i would smile , then look away from you , look at the floor , while nodding a few times , still smiling for a few seconds , then look at you again and smile again . 
  yeah . 
  this . 
  at the moment , nothing . 
  that i am attractive . 
  an animated romantic comedy , by pixar . 
  can you post your meals ? 
  i want to start ss , but i 'm lacking 1000 calories in my meal plans . 
  thanks . 
  here you go . 
  ah , you got a supplement i ca n't buy , it 's too expensive . 
  but other than that , you do n't seem to eat that much , atleast today . 
  the other days , i see that only your breakfast is 1000 + calories . 
  how much pasta do you eat ? 
  100g uncooked is enough to meet the requirements per day ? 
  yeah , i 've just asked because if you say 100g uncooked it 's equal as 200g cooked , because pasta grows after boiling because of the water . 
  well , you know what they say , dress for the job you want , not for the job you have . 
  20 in 3 days , and i 'm thinking like you . 
  what is the point of anything if we ca n't just do whatever we want and have to survive . 
  we are on the 1/3rd of life now and have n't done shit . 
  i would like to study film and tv , and do some traveling , but due to the fact that i 'm not an american and portugal has a shitty industry i probably wo n't do that in my lifetime . 
  and that 's also because i do n't have the money to move to another country or maybe the courage to be all by myself and alone . 
  i will probably be just one more person in this fucking universe that will say `` fuck it . '', 
  and get a 9 to 5 job , get a minimum wage , and cry while seeing a great directed and acted movie and saying `` shit , that could have been me directing/acting . '', 
  and doing that kind of stuff . 
  i also did n't want to disappoint my parents , since my dad has made a lot of money since he started working , and i 'm talking 7 figures in the course of 10 years , maybe less . 
  so , yeah , fuck it . 
  i wo n't live the way i want to and wo n't be happy . 
  no , my dad made money , and did n't made the 7 figures only for him , he had to pay people , imagine he made 1 million dollars in 10 years , only 100k $ was for him , but then he had to pay house , insurance , cars , things in the company , etc. 
  thank you for saying that my english is excellent , but i stutter when talking it in person . 
  yes , that song is famous here , and i fucking hate it . 
  that is not possible . 
  your weight in pounds , not in kilos . 
  if you want to gain weight , go for ( 16-18 x [ your bodyweight in pounds ] ) calories per day , every day , for many , many weeks , and months ( i.e. 
  say you 're 150lbs , you eat 16-18 x 150 , so 2400-2700 kcal per day ) . 
  if you get a scholarship from the government it is free . 
  about 1350 $ per year in tuition , and then you get some money to pay where you are staying , your food , and that , so 2000 $ to 3000 $ per year . 
  income 7535 $ per year per capita . 
  anyway , a lot of people are quitting college , since some parents ca n't pay the tuitions , due to the government cuts on scholarships to everyone . 
  i 'm in portugal . 
  yeah , probably that . 
  we all see hermione as a strong woman who can make decisions and defend herself and her relatives , and not say `` oh , you choose what we are going to eat today on our date . '',
