  i think it was because of the arms . 
  jesus fucking christ , i 've laughed out loud and cried a little bit too . 
  but when i saw the text , i said `` oh , that shit sucks . '', 
  it would have been better if it was a fart joke . 
  upvoted anyway . 
  i 'm portuguese . 
  how much ? 
  so , when are you going to start selling these ? 
  yeah , i do . 
  and with thunderstorms aswell . 
  is there any scientific/psichological answer to this ? 
  since there are a lot of people who love rain . 
  you have donated blood , here is your cookie . 
  [ ] ( / foreveralonelaugh ), 
  thanks , ma'am , but just to let you know ... 
  * puts on sunglasses *, 
  leave the fucking wow and pet your pet now . 
  jesus fucking christ , this is beautiful . 
  how the fuck ? 
  robert cop was hilarious . 
  jesus and the apostles . 
  6 ' 4 '' here . 
  i would like a surround system , to put in my room . 
  wow , dude , you go to mcdonalds at 5am ? 
  in my country , mcdonalds closes at 2am . 
  world sucks . 
  i want mcdonalds 24/7 . 
  and why the fuck they do n't deliver at home ? 
  i would like to be at home , on the computer , call them , or order online and have mcdonalds delivered directly at home , without having to get off my chair . 
  when i was about 6 years old , i used to think that i had a problem because i could hear voices inside my head . 
  i told my aunt , and she said it was just me thinking . 
  you missed the hint man . 
  she asked you to lunch . 
  yeah , i have it . 
  it 's awesome . 
  that website only ships to usa . 
  i 'm in europe . 
  edit : i 've found a website that ships to my country . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  til . 
  why do you talk in the 3rd person ? 
  clearly a * taypo * . 
  fixed . 
  you have a subaru , nice :d, 
  no , i 'm portuguese in fact xd, 
  and there 's nothing like that in here , that 's why i want to try it . 
  you do n't wan na fuck with me , buddy . 
  i always called it ubur\u00c1 when i played it as a kid . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i can send you lays ketchup if you want . 
  let me know . 
  oh , i 've done it one time here , boiled pasta , added tomato sauce and some cheese , but meh . 
  i would like to try this , http://i.imgur.com/lf1ll.jpg , or maybe other brands you have there . 
  anyway , thanks for the tip . 
  nope , never seen it , only coca-cola , pepsi and ice tea . 
  i 'm just asking for 1 or two bottles , i would also like mountain dew , or any other beverages that you have there , that we do n't have here . 
  2l bottles . 
  i do n't know , if you know prices by head , let me know , 1 x 2l dr pepper , 1 x 2l mountain dew , 1 x kraft mac and cheese . 
  can i get some tacos aswell ? 
  yeah , tacos , that pizza with cookies , etc. 
  it 's not lays , it 's ruffles . 
  yeah , i live in porto aswell , so . 
  i do n't know what can i send you , since you have everything there xd, 
  just let me know something you would like . 
  misdirection - directed by m. night shyamalan, 
  i want one . 
  oh , men in black . 
  did you change the batteries ? 
  * / slowclap *, 
  you win . 
  make it stop !, 
  oh god please god no !, 
  let it happen !, 
  quick reddit , create one for firefox . 
  can i get the full script ? 
  troll mouse . 
  why did n't you go to the nearest supermarket and ignored everyone you knew ? 
  in my sister-in-law 's house , to her panties . 
  this only happens in movies . 
  oh , the autoconnect . 
  fuck , i laughed a lot with this comic . 
  thanks . 
  upvoted . 
  no lionheart or brotherhood here ? 
  i thought i was the only one . 
  thank you for this . 
  i ask someone to reset this shit . 
  god , please , god , no !, 
  mylittlepony shortcut . 
  the kid just * mindfucked * her . 
  eh , see what i did ? 
  oh , this made me laugh . 
  oh , i see what you did there . 
  wtf ? 
  you are a fucking goddess . 
  [ ] ( / ghappy ), 
  yeah , i 'm alone too , i have anxiety . 
  what is your favourite food ? 
  my country does n't even have a taco bell , and mcdonalds closes at 2am , and pizza hut closes at 11pm .
