  i am the not really social friend of the not social friend friend . 
  i thought this subreddit was hated here on reddit . 
  come on son , why did you farted ? 
  yeah i know , but i think most of the advice is basic common sense . 
  workout , fake confidence , look people in the eyes , look for body language , look for the touch in your arm , put your hand on the small of her back , etc. 
  i 'm anxious since i was a baby . 
  also , i have ocd . 
  hi , i 'm troy mcclure , you are now reading this in my voice . 
  but season 6 was fucking awesome . 
  that premiere . 
  man , season 1 of the walking dead was fucking awesome . 
  i did n't know about the show until a channel in my country started to show it . 
  i saw the first episode , and i became a fan . 
  zombie apocalipse and guns are just fucking awesome . 
  season 2 though is meh . 
  do n't get me wrong , dean is a very funny character , dean a ling a ling , and all that dean crazy shit that makes all of us laugh . 
  the episodes i liked the most were the ones that were season finales ( the paintball ones ) and in the last season where giancarlo esposito made an appearance ( the gaming episode ) . 
  but has notjawn said , troy and abed wackiness is too much , and the dreamatorium aswell , in the last season . 
  nevertheless , dean is a very funny character . 
  and i recommend community as a comedy show to my friends . 
  but yeah , community is just not as good as it was before . 
  also , britta and annie . 
  season 8 finale , i have to agree , it was a default all end good finale . 
  everyone gets together and gets a wife and everyone is happy and rich in the end . 
  the end . 
  still , one of my favourite tv shows . 
  actually i can hold a conversation with someone . 
  but i was bullied since i was a kid , called ugly , big nose , i was beaten , etc. 
  i was mocked by everyone . 
  so , that made an impact on me , and actually if i want to ask a girl out that i 'm really interested in , i get so anxious that i will get denied and then that she will tell all her friends , and all her friends will see me in school or on the street and will point their fingers at me and laugh at me . 
  and , ocd gives me anxiety in general , every normal situation makes me anxious , i do n't have crippling ocd , but i do have ocd , i waste probably 1 hour of my day in a bad day with ocd . 
  and thanks for the advice aswell , thanks . 
  oh , i do . 
   i find the worst situations for me came from just being too shy and nervous . 
  me too . 
  everything you said , i know , it 's pretty damn ridiculous , but it 's what my anxiety makes me think , and it 's very difficult for me to change this pattern . 
  and also , i do n't think her friends are that shallow , but as i said , i have my own way of thinking . 
  i 'm already making steps on getting some more confidence , i 've started working out , going to get a david lynch haircut , but i think i will probably just aspie out , as i 'm already used to do . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice . 
  yes , ari was proposed a job . 
  after punching him in the face , of course . 
  beauty !, 
  shit , i was looking for this in a very long time , for years , i have been getting itchy if i get too hot , if i am under a hot shower , or drink anything hot , or i get very anxious and get hot , etc , i just get itchy , thanks , i have to go to the doctor then . 
  thanks for all the bacon, 
  i would say back , `` i hope you swallow the milk . '', 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and i gain 1 or 2 inches with the shoes i wear to the gym , the sole is not that flat . 
  * anyway , even with flat sole shoes , i ca n't normal deadlift , so i sumo deadlift with good form , instead of normal deadlift with shitty form . 
  i had to drop 45lbs with good form on the sumo deadlift . 
  can i continue to sumo deadlift ? 
  * also , 4 day split abxcdxx , chest/triceps back/biceps legs/calves shoulders/abs , is this a good 4 day split ? 
  thanks . 
  they told on ss and on sl . 
  yeah ted talks !, 
  i used to have these when i was like 14 or 15 . 
  i would go blind on my left or right eye for a few minutes . 
  regain vision , after a few minutes , intense headache , and it would only go away after 1 day , or if the pain was so bad , i would throw up and then be better . 
  is there something i can take that to relieve the pain ? 
  thanks man . 
  i have some ibuprofen i take because of the joints when i workout . 
  thanks for the advice man , appreciated . 
  i want to be a filmmaker/actor . 
  i went to college to try to study literature , try , after one week , i came home , fuck college . 
  in my country , there is no industry whatsoever in film or tv . 
  only soap operas and shitty indie movies where the directors do n't even know how to shoot . 
  it sucks . 
  i 'm 20 , 21 next year . 
  i think i 'll take this year and work , and earn money and travel or something . 
  man , listen to this . 
  i 've finished highschool at 18 , had to be one year until 19 to finish math , in the end of that year , i went to college , 2011/2012 , for one week , went in late october and came a week later home . 
  i said `` well , let 's go back to high school to study chemistry , biology to see if i can go to college and get a degree on science or some shit . '' . 
  nope , failed . 
  my dream is to study film/tv . 
  but , my country has a shitty industry and if i get a degree on film/tv , i would just end unemployed like everyone else . 
  what to do ? 
  does a normal person brain goes really idle ? 
  just like thinking about nothing ? 
  i have anxiety , so i do n't know . 
  do you have really crippling ocd like wasting 5 to 10 hours a day with rituals and shit ? 
  i have i think a very low ocd thing , i waste probably 1 hour of the day because of ocd . 
  while on reddit , i open and close a tab more than 50 times . 
  i spend 5 to 10 minutes washing my hands . 
  i switch lights 5 to 10 times . 
  and i have anxiety in general . 
  this shit sucks , i 'm glad you are feeling better now . 
  i think i 'm feeling that way about a girl . 
  talked to her a couple of times , she talked to me a couple of times , we listened to some music together , shared some interests , shared some stories , i kinda liked her , but i did n't spent enough time with her to be in love with her , but i ca n't seem to be able to erase her from my head , and it 's making me depressed as fuck . 
  shit . 
  i want . 
  really , i really do want . 
  i think she is the first girl i would really like to date and talk to . 
  but she is in school , and i 've already left , so i ca n't see her everyday , and i do n't even know what to say to her , or how to start a conversation now , since i think it would be awkward as fuck . 
  anyway , i think it 's even worse because of my ocd , i get easily infatuated . 
  yet , not sure if it 's because of my ocd , or i 'm just needy as fuck . 
  shit , man , thank you very much for the fucking laughs . 
  in the past couple of days , all this shit is happening to me , and i 've just been fucking sad . 
  reading this comic and your fucking story really made my fucking night , really . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  when i pictured your dog dragging a long poop tail , i just started to laugh so hard , i had to rest my head on my keyboard . 
  thank you very much . 
  i hope good things happen to you .
