  yeah , i 'm going to an appointment in a few days , let 's see what the doctor says . 
  he probably did n't have $ 250 million worth of confidence when they met , in college , she was a freshman . 
  man , i hate the dude , fuck him . 
  elizabeth banks is so cute . 
  yeah , and they have been married for like 20 or 25 years . 
  they met in college . 
  thanks , i have a fucked temporomandibular joint on the right side , so let 's see what the orthodontist says when i go to the appointment in a few days . 
  thanks . 
  god fucking dammit . 
  but they do n't actually break in two parts and separate your entire jaw ? 
  that 's what i 'm afraid of . 
  i 'm asking this if a surgery on a receding lower jaw is necessary . 
  we did it reddit, 
  so , if i 'm 21 , and i date a 17 year old , i 'm a ephebophile ? 
  what about being 19 and dating a 13 year old ? 
  because i know a case where this happened very recently , and no one said shit about it . 
  okey , they have been together since college . 
  got any pictures of before and after ? 
  i already feel pain on my knees and i 'm 21 , and no metal on them . 
  but the fake feeling and the loss os sensation was always in the back of my head , fucking plastic surgery . 
  check the last one for [ receding lower jaw ] ( http://www.aaoms.org/conditions-and-treatments/corrective-jaw-surgery/ ) , i 'm talking about that , i think they break the jaw and add some length to it , i think it 's that . 
  i 'm going to an appointment in a few days to an orthodontist , and i 'm going to ask her if my lower jaw should n't be a little forward , and also since i have a temporomandibular joint fucked , and if it 's beyond repair with braces , a surgery might be needed , and that 's why i 'm reading about this now , but yeah , i will definitely talk to her about it . 
  no , i never had knee surgery , but my knees hurt when weather changes , or atleast , i have a lot of knee pain , i went to the doctor and he said i had a much bigger space between the upper part of the knee ( do n't know the correct word for it ? ), 
  and lower part of the knee , also the right side of my jaw would hurt sometimes , so i went to the doctor and he prescribed me some calcium . 
  and , about the pictures , never mind , do n't bother , no need to go search for them just to show on reddit . 
  i think my lower jaw should be atleast 1cm more forward , but who knows , let 's see what 's what first . 
  do you have insurance or are you going to pay for everything ? 
  here in portugal , if you need to have a surgery and it 's not for cosmetic purposes , you do n't need to pay , but you have to go to your family doctor ( ? 
  do n't know the exact word in english ) , ask for an appointment to a specialized area , and then you have to wait a few months and go through all the appointments until you get a surgery , depending on the type of surgery it may be fast or a slow process , but it 's free . 
  i 'm waiting for a surgery for about 2 or 3 months now with another 2 or 3 months of appointments that 's going to fix my breathing problem ( nasal conchae cauterization ? 
  ) , free , but a lengthy process . 
  thank you so fucking much . 
  everyone i know says `` oh house is always the same shit , 45 minutes in , and he discovers what is wrong with the patient . '', 
  who . 
  the . 
  gives . 
  about . 
  the . 
  patient ? 
  care . 
  about . 
  house !, 
  and by that , house is still one of my favourite shows , and house one of my favourite characters of any show that has ever existed . 
  [ this was right there after i saw that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmas2s51bm8 ), 
  easy , floor the gas and then release the clutch . 
  on / tv / , people are saying it 's a prequel to ** l o s t ** . 
  * and now forward !, 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  is that good enough ? 
  glad i can impersonate an aussie accent via internet as i 'm portuguese . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  you know who looks like lily collins ? 
  my sister . 
  are there any studies on psychedelics on ocd ? 
  about beating his wife, 
  i actually did n't even watched it the first time with sound . 
  and that was a pleasant surprise . 
  i 've installed the game a few days ago , logged in , jumped on my main , logged out , uninstalled . 
  shit is so boring . 
  i do n't know i prefer to watch movies or tv shows now . 
  when i was younger , i used to play ps1 , ps2 , game boy color , game boy advance sp . 
  then my dad gave me a computer and i started playing computer , then i upgraded the computer and eventually started playing wow , i stopped playing at cataclysm because it was so shitty , i played mists of pandaria and while leveling was cool , i also quit because raiding is always the same shit . 
  now i ca n't play a game that i actually enjoy because in the back of my head i 'm always thinking `` i should be doing something with my life . '', 
  and i ca n't enjoy anything that 's not film or tv shows . 
  bioshock infinite ? 
  played for 15 minutes , uninstalled . 
  far cry 3 ? 
  same . 
  same . 
  and all the games seem the same aswell , all open world with almost the same features . 
  everything is boring . 
  taco, 
  i 'm portuguese and in my family , there are people whom hitler would be happy to exist . 
  while me , i look like a fucking jew , with the curly hair and the fucking nose . 
  i 'm 21 , only games are boring now to me . 
  i like to watch movies now and tv shows , all those emotions , cinematography , etc. 
  and , maybe , it 's because of maturing and becoming older , i also like to read , to bad , i do n't find the time to do it . 
  i have general ss , a clockwork orange , 1984 , harry potter and game of thrones to read , and i ca n't find the time to do it . 
  i would also like to read to learn , and not only read fiction , but i do n't know also where to start . 
  i 'm not saying games are imature and that people who play them are imature , it 's just that a big part of my life , maybe more than half of my life was spent playing games , and now i just ca n't play them anymore . 
  that could be a hollywood movie . 
  treat it like a ripping of a band-aid and do it fast . 
  heydoyouwannagotoamovie ? 
  his prosthetic nose looks like my real nose . 
  such is life . 
  you are getting downvoted and i 'm gon na tell you why . 
  it does n't matter if you pay , for an example , 20 $ a month to netflix . 
  i have watched lost on netflix in less than 2 weeks , those 6 seasons cost each on amazon 29,99 $ , except for the first one which is 22,99 $ and that 's 172,94 $ . 
  i paid 7 $ or 8 $ for netflix , in 2 weeks i watched lost , and a few more shows and a few more movies , so imagine that the price would double to ~ 350 $ , add a few movies , 500 $ . 
  that would be 500 $ a month to watch movies and tv shows . 
  so , i think you should stop being mad , and respect people , because it 's clearly favourable to pay a bit more for more content than to go out and search for whatever you want and pay 10 times the price we would pay on netflix . 
  yeah , i went to play tennis with two of high school colleagues , and they said that the girls mentioned me when they got together . 
  i thought i was the weird dude that was fucking geek about coldplay and movies , it appears i probably was , but they liked me . 
  i think the case in here is , their are his friends , and they probably flirt with each other , so in the heat of the moment , he just says `` okey , give me a kiss . 
  '' , and they just touch lips , nothing else , they are not making out with them . 
  i like annasophia robb , so short blonde girls for me . 
  i 'm also an atheist . 
  i 'm actually afraid of the bit on the end . 
  \\  maybe a nice girl will eventually settle with you,
