  * my bw is 165lbs . 
  * i 'm thinking of changing from sl to a split , for a couple of weeks , a month , where can i find a good 4 day split ? 
  * are benching 215lbs , squatting 225lbs , deadlifting 250lbs , ohp 100lbs , a good base for `` trying a split '' for a couple of weeks up to a month ? 
  * i 'm thinking of doing everything above in the next month , i would like some insight on this , if possible , please . 
  * thanks . 
  i thought it was hypnotoad !, 
  2 seconds to lift, 
  4 seconds down to chest, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and if i do this , i can barely do 1 rep. 
  if i burst power , i can do the 5 reps without much problem . 
  is it okey to use power , like 1 second to lift , 2-3 seconds to lower ? 
  i 'm training for strength at the moment . 
  no time for ss ? 
  no problem , our gym is well equipped with 138 sporting apparatuses of 61 kinds including apparatuses for running , cycling and paddling exercises and modern medical facilities . 
  not even 1 squat rack !, 
  i was 9 at the time . 
  the only thing i remember is `` war war war war war '' . 
  i 'm not american , i 'm portuguese , but i remember doing 1 minute of silence in school due to all the deaths that occurred . 
  poor kid . 
  meow, 
  i just fucked my brain . 
  it 's bright as fuck outside , and i have the window opened , sun is shining through my living room , then i opened rainymood , and those two links . 
  my brain started to go haywire , i had to close everything . 
  man these feels !, 
  i want to feel them !, 
  i want to feel the feel of having a cute and hot girl marrying me . 
  and seeing her and feel those feels . 
  i want to feel !, 
  there are like 5 planes flying in my country . 
  there are millions of planes flying in usa . 
  i just want to know how the fuck do you insert a car key in your fucking skull . 
  i would marry her . 
  and we are all here to make a joke out of it . 
  argh , i 'll be here to tell ya that ya know something . 
  and that guy looks like louis ck . 
  i was attacked in the 12th grade by a guy who was like 19 , i was 18 , i pressed charges , i was given an officious lawyer from the government , she did n't know what to do , the other guy got an officious lawyer aswell . 
  in the day that we faced the judges , the lawyer of the other guy said `` they are just kids , let them go . '', 
  the judge said okey , and off we went . 
  i was attacked for two weeks straight , broke my nose , my glasses , lost contact lenses , my ipod shuffle was stolen , ripped my jeans , and the judge and the other lawyer only said `` let them go , they are kids . '', 
  my friends saw it all , told everything to the police , and the judge did n't care . 
  that 's right . 
  fuck you portugal . 
  i thought this was going to be about someone getting killed or possessed by a demon . 
  actually , janni being possessed by a demon . 
  anyway , fuck . 
  it has n't happened just to me though . 
  boobs unite, 
  there was this girl last year who used to try to talk to me a lot , me being the anti-social person with extreme anxiety did n't know what to do . 
  she used to try to talk to me several times , but i always aspied out and just went on to listen to my music on my headphones . 
  i think she tried to have some serious shit with me , or atleast that 's what i think it was , because now she does n't even look at me , when every friend of hers does . 
  so , yeah , the thing is , if you like someone , please tell , us , males , are so fucking oblivious to certain shit , that you could probably be with a written sign saying `` i love you '' that we probably would n't believe until you say it , with your mouth , looking us in the eyes . 
  now i will never know what it could have been with that girl . 
  also , i 'm afraid to ask her out . 
  yeah bitch high school fights, 
  all these girls that i made laugh . 
  why u no touch me ? 
  today i was talking to a girl i have n't seen in a year , i made her laugh , she kinda punch/touched me in the shoulder , but that does n't count . 
  i have n't been getting affection in a very long time . 
  and when i say a long time , i really mean a long time . 
  why are you touching me ? 
  autist mode engaged, 
  do n't know what to do, 
  you ca n't count all the girls that punch you as liking you . 
  right here come and get it, 
  there was this girl , when i did theatre that always sat on my lap , she let me do everything , touching her hair , touching her back , touching whatever . 
  in the day before the play , we had to stay up late due to some light rehearsals or some shit . 
  she put her hand in my pocket and held my hand the entire time we were there in the cold . 
  i wonder why we did n't made out . 
  i thought she was just a friend . 
  i told this above, 
  there was this girl , when i did theatre that always sat on my lap , she let me do everything , touching her hair , touching her back , touching whatever . 
  in the day before the play , we had to stay up late due to some light rehearsals or some shit . 
  she put her hand in my pocket and held my hand the entire time we were there in the cold . 
  but sometimes the way she acted , was a little too immature or loud , she was a cute girl , but the loudiness was n't for me . 
  i had this girl in class , who sat right next to me , and went knee to knee with me . 
  i moved to see if she would react . 
  nope . 
  she never moved . 
  it 's like a secret . 
  `` we 're touching , it gives us a connection , and no one knows . '', 
  anyway , i was to aspie to do anything after that , and sometimes was to aspie to even talk to her . 
  edit : i just read all your comment , and you said that it was also the foot lock/hook was like a secret aswell . 
  yeah you know it 's big, 
  there you go . 
  we are oblivious as fuck . 
  even if they kiss us , we are `` are you kidding ? 
  where are the cameras ? '', 
  well man , better luck next time to us . 
  monday , gym day , forearm day . 
  wednesday , gym day , forearm day . 
  friday , gym day , forearm day . 
  hey babe , the whole package , hum hum . 
  well then , nevermind . 
  i got a girl do the same thing , but instead of the arm , it 's the knee . 
  and what are you eating ? 
  it does n't . 
  and it still continues to this day . 
  that 's why i ca n't / do n't / am not able to ask a girl out . 
  i would be able to talk about anything by text , but in person i would n't remember a thing to talk about . 
  reddit tell me i 'm not the only one who has anxiety .
