  speed of sound ? 
  a message ? 
  low ? 
  the hardest part ? 
  swallowed in the sea ? 
  twisted logic ? 
  'til kingdom come ? 
  anyway , i think the escapist is the masterpiece . 
  i 've cried to probably all coldplay songs , but the escapist is so damn beautiful . 
  also , i started listening to viva la vida or death and all his friends when 2008 , when a girl broke up with me , so life in technicolor , that beautiful intro to the album was the first thing i heard when i was crying mostly daily because of a girl who told me she falling for me and a few days after broke up with me . 
  anyway fuck her , and life in technicolor ii the videoclip was so damn beautiful i also cried watching it . 
  but i cried because the videoclip is so damn beautiful , not because i was still sad because of the girl . 
  in 2008 coldplay became my favourite band and will remain until the fucking day i die . 
  it has n't been a single fucking day in my life since 2008 that i have n't listened to atleast one coldplay song every day . 
  coldplay is life . 
  coldplay is love . 
  coldplay is god . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , so i must have made a mistake somewhere :p, 
  39 cents on zbrilo , let 's go !, 
  i would stream myself , but i do n't have the time to put into it and do it daily . 
  but thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm thinking about something real-time for now . 
  why have you been vac banned ? 
  that was 2 years ago , how old are you now ? 
  are you the bearded guy streaming ? 
  i was on your stream , i added your steam account , but you were offline , so i think you were playing on an alt . 
  2992 days ago , not 2 years ago . 
  mixed the 2 vac bans with days banned . 
  and an eye . 
  i would really like to try the benq , but i do n't like that buttong thing on the right side of the panel . 
  actually the benq is cheaper than the asus . 
  my dell cost me 223 $ , the benq is 249,90 $ and the asus is 292 $ . 
  actually the benq is cheaper than the asus . 
  my dell cost me 223 $ , the benq is 249,90 $ and the asus is 292 $ . 
  this looks like my girlfriend 's family . 
  they are all jerks , and treat her like shit . 
  and if she does n't do the crazy shit they ask her , they tell her she is selfish . 
  your family is crazy . 
  fucking retards . 
  built in crosshair ? 
  what 's that ? 
  i wanted to go with asus , but it 's 70 $ more expensive than my dell , and the benq is only 20 $ more expensive . 
  benq is somewhat ugly though . 
  not working for me . 
  got it , thanks . 
  it 's just a preference it seems . 
  fucking mouthbreathers neckbeards , their parents probably bought them cs aswell !, 
  i ranked up until gold nova 4 with a p90 , now i have to learn how to play with the ak , i 'm getting better though , and m4 is just not the same as it was in 1.6 , as i would just spray and kill . 
  switched from 1920x1080 to 1024x768 stretched and it seems i can play a lot better and hit a lot more . 
  maybe it 's a placebo effect , but i 'm seeing some chances , and it 's a lot smoother aswell even on my dell u2414h . 
  i fucking love his voice . 
  it 's the only voice in the universe and music industry that i can listen hours and hours on end without getting tired of . 
  that 's why i fucking love coldplay , his 10/10 voice and 10/10 melodies and sounds make coldplay the best band in the word , and chris martin 's voice i could listen to entire audiobooks about the most boring stuff in the world , that i would be fucking fascinated . 
  yes , they are . 
  as i mentioned , the stretch works fine on the dell , just not on the benq . 
  is that display pilot instead of displayport ? 
  i did it , but nothing happened . 
  i needed to download it though , because i do n't have a cd driver . 
  yes , i ca n't even change that from full . 
  oh , misread that . 
  actually no idea . 
  do n't know where to check that . 
  i have an amd card . 
  and none of those work , i changed to all of them , and it still has the black bars . 
  does n't work . 
  yes , does n't work . 
  volunteering to adopt a silver, 
  i 'm gold nova 2-4 , depends on the days . 
  i just want to have fun playing this with my girlfriend and a friend . 
  \\ #vacuuming 2014, 
  amd , as you can see in the second image . 
  it 's killing me that i 'm obligated to play at 1080p when i just want to use 1024x768 stretched at 144hz . 
  i think my cs : go was running at 60hz when in 1024x768 for no apparent reason . 
  using - freq 144 solved that . 
  i can finally use 1024x768 stretched without blackbars . 
  i 'm a fan , fuck it . 
  my girlfriend has been playing this game for about 5 days , she aims like a bot , but atleast knows how to buy proper stuff . 
  mama mia pepperoni . 
  i just wan na love you baby, 
  what new trading rule ? 
  the 7 days ? 
  i think nip and vp , atleast , get paid . 
  let 's go boys !, 
   he claims that due to this amicable relationship he has a standing offer from north korean officials to visit their country . 
  do n't do it bro . 
  and sometimes he moves like chris . 
  well , it seems now i 'm not the only one who does this . 
  my girlfriend also tells me i 've picked up almost every way of moving from chris martin . 
  getting crazy !, 
  and the quote , it 's seriously something i would say if someone had done that to me . 
  i was n't here 2 months ago . 
  get me his x&y black clothes and white shoes and i 'll wear that every single fucking day . 
  that fucking era was brutal . 
  viva la vida is a bit less casual , but if i had his viva la vida jacket , you are damn sure that i would wear that shit every single fucking day aswell !, 
  you 're missing the point of a betting house . 
  i actually have a few of these . 
  dude !, 
  can i hire you ? 
  i want to hire you !,
