  so was red . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  highschool kids looking at 9gag . 
  i 'm in portugal , i 'm portuguese and i do n't even watch portuguese tv . 
  fuck that . 
  i download everything , and i do n't even fucking care . 
  i wish netflix was avaiable here . 
  i went to have lunch with my old class from last year , and there was a cute girl from my class that was working on a shitty magazine and she gave me one , on one of the pages there were memes , most from adviceanimals , and it said on the page `` para mais memes , visitem 9gag . com '' ( for more memes , visit 9gag . com ) , i was mad , and told her it was wrong , that that content was stolen from reddit.com and some from 4chan . org . 
  someone get one of those natural pics , but with her smiling . 
  i had a vpn for 2 years , but only got to reddit one year ago , and my vpn had already expired , but yeah , i would really like to watch some netflix , it 's instant , and i do n't have to wait for the download to finish , and with my shitty zon internet , do n't know if you are familiarized with zon , i download at 795kb/s . 
  because 420 $ per month with 370 $ of rent does not equal good internet . 
  i have cable because optical fiber does n't even exist here . 
  so let me tell you about how shitty zon is . 
  i bought this, 
  zon triple plus, 
  literally , 1 day after , they changed to, 
  zon triple plus, 
  do you think they upgraded ? 
  of course not . 
  fiber is cool as fuck , it 's only 50 $ + - , 100mb , 144 channels , free phone calls , etc , but my shitty city does n't even know what fucking optical fiber is . 
  i really want to move to a 1st world country , like the us . 
  i want to upgrade my computer , which is 5 to 6 years old , and let me tell you , prices of components here in portugal are 100 % more expensive than in amazon.com . 
  i 'm glad you changed to canada since 1999 . 
  26 % unemployment rate in canada ? 
  well that 's fucked . 
  atleast people are nice there . 
  yeah , living here alone is not that easy , but who really cares , young people are leaving the country right after they graduate so who fucking cares ? 
  i really do n't . 
  i want to study film/acting , and i 'm seriously considering moving from here to the uk or the us , do n't know if it 's better or not , but i think it 's worth a try , i 'm still 20 , and i still have probably more 70 years to live , so why not ? 
  everyone is leaving portugal , social security is going to be lowered by 10 % or 20 % , things are getting more expensive , it 's really hard to almost buy food to eat , so fuck portugal to be honest . 
  i 've also took two years off , between high school and college to try and find a job , save some money and travel , but in these 2 years no jobs were found , so my thing is going to college and study film here , or change to a better country with a bigger industry and study there . 
  you did n't get the joke , jesus . 
  we 're never gon na survive . 
  if i ever get to be an actor , i want a career like johnny depp 's . 
  that shit was awesome , but his latest movies are meh . 
  his career is fucking awesome . 
  scissorhands , ed wood , john dilinger , captain jack sparrow , etc. 
  titty sprinkles . 
  yeah !, 
  jennifer lawrence . 
  the intro of the movie was just fucking great . 
  then the soundtrack . 
  you can power the portuguese economy , the cpu and motherboard you 're buying only cost 500 $ here . 
  the dog days are over, 
  the dog days are done, 
  can you hear the horses, 
  'cause here they come, 
  that raidmax case is fucking awesome , is it big enough for an atx motherboard ? 
  and does it have a good air flow ? 
  i 'm portuguese , i5-3570k is the more than the double of the price of the dollar . 
  it costs in the us like 150 $ , in portugal costs ~ 300 $ , which is probably 350 $ to 400 $ . 
  the gigabyte ud5h costs almost the same . 
  it fucking sucks when you want to upgrade from an asus p5k and a q6600 @ 2.4 ghz . 
  and let me tell you about my gpu , it 's a x1550 from probably 2004 . 
  i want a hd 7850 or 7870 . 
  amazon.es is cheaper about 20 $ to 50 $ , depending on the part , i5-3570k is cheaper 10 $ . 
  seagate barracuda 2tb is cheaper 100 $ on amazon.es . 
  sometimes it 's worth it , sometimes it 's not . 
  where do you buy from ? 
  what about the customs ? 
  my motherboard is an asus p5k , so i would have to change motherboard aswell , and ram . 
  i do n't like to order from the us due to customs . 
  some years ago i ordered from thinkgeek.com and i paid 100 $ for the order and had to pay 80 $ additional because of customs . 
  got any ideas on good motherboards and cpu ? 
  i was thinking in a i5-3570k and a ud5h . 
  why ? 
  because the current computer i got was bought in 2008 and i want a future proof computer . 
  also , i multibox with world of warcraft , as in 6 instances of wow running at the same time and i want a good computer that can handle that . 
  also , i want a computer that i can watch 1080p films and tv shows . 
  so i think a good motherboard , a good cpu and a lot of ram will help me , gpu can come later because wow does n't use a lot of gpu as my current x1550 can handle at least 3 at 10 fps 's with 3gb ram . 
  i do n't know the differences between ud5h and ud3h , but the better sound ud5h has , atleast that was what i read on tomshardware . 
  the thing is i want a future proof computer , where i can multitask as fuck , as i said 1080p films and tv shows , and a lot of wow instances , and wow takes a lot of ram and cpu . 
  i 'd like to overclock , crossfire i do n't know , it seems expensive as fuck . 
  but yeah , do you have suggestions ? 
  the ud5h and i5-3570k are 400 $ + for both , which is expensive as fuck , as i see people paying 300 $ for a new computer , but i do n't think they are going to be that future proof as far as i can see . 
  d3h or ud3h , there are so many i do n't really understand , now what 's the difference between those two ? 
  yeah , and that i5-3570k is better than my current gpu for games , intel 4000 graphics are better than my current gpu so , i would like that . 
  similar situation happened to me some months ago . 
  was in school , went with a classmate and a girl to somewhere , and they were both joking that i should n't have come because they were going to made out . 
  i said `` okey . 
  '' , 5 to 15 seconds after they said that the girl actually said to me , `` oh no , we are n't going to do anything , you know ? 
  i do n't even have a boyfriend . '', 
  so , i do n't know what that meant , and this is not a hint that i was given that i did n't pick up . 
  i just do n't know what the fuck did that shit meant . 
  i 've already looked at the comparison page between ud3h and ud5h , the sound is different , ud5h has more sata3 ports , i do n't know about pci-e , 1 is at x16 , another is x4 , i do n't know what 's that , if i 'm going to crossfire , i want everything fast , but i do n't know much about that , so whatever , and there are other differences that i do n't know what they do . 
  thanks for the help though . 
  i have an asus p5k , and i 'm good with it , i only use one usb for the mouse , ps2 port for the keyboard , 5.1 sound onboard for the 5.1 speakers , and the ethernet port , i do n't remember anything else , i do n't know what else i could need new , the new motherboard is to be able to use the new components . 
  is this a divorce comment or a death comment ? 
  is divorce really that common ? 
  i think i live in a fucking shell under a fucking rock floating in space where i ca n't see anything . 
  are you high ? 
  i 'll give you my coat and in the end of the night you have to give it back , i 'm not walking the street without a coat , and get cold and get home and get a fucking pneumonia and die . 
  i will not share any food, 
  2nd funniest movie ever made , the hangover ? 
  i did n't laugh once . 
  i think it was full of cliches , mike tyson acting , and the ending was n't good . 
  the dog . 
  hijacking this comment to ask . 
  what the fuck happened ? 
  what happened ?
