  the experience you get is not in school . 
  yes , you need to study , but school is just a way of getting connections , you learn by filming a lot , a lot of filmmakers did n't go to school , they just picked up a camera and started shooting shit . 
  but yeah , me too . 
  but then , she got a 0 on her test , she 's down to f. 
  i know i have a big nose , no need to point it out aswell . 
  i got shot down so many times , i just do n't even care anymore . 
  i just do n't even try . 
  there was this girl in school , she usually tried to talk to me , she would laugh at shit i would say , i caught her looking at me sometimes . 
  in the end of the school year , i did n't do anything , because i had two thoughts , one , she was interested , two , she was n't interested . 
  so i went with the second thought just not to be rejected and feel depressed afterwards . 
  so , i 'll never know . 
  why go to school when you can learn just as easy on reddit ? 
  what shows do you watch then pleb ? 
  but i love u , i cry evertyme i see u < 3, 
  but he is young , so he will set the world on fire !, 
  quickly !, 
  let me tell you something . 
  i was 16 , i was invited to this girl 's house to watch a movie with her because she had broken her nose . 
  okey , said me oblivious to the whole thing . 
  in the middle of transformers she put her tongue on my mouth and we started making out . 
  i was so fucking horny , i wanted to put my hand on her vagina , first time also , but i did n't know if she was going to get mad as it was our first time together , and there were two friends of ours there aswell , i did n't want her to get mad , so i put my pinky down her pants , but thought `` nope , she will get fucking mad . 
  '' , so i did nothing and we just made out that day . 
  fast forward some years after , i was with my pinky on her hips . 
  the vagina was kilometers away . 
  yep . 
  i 'm 20 now , and still a virgin , she was the last girl i was with . 
  tell me how to find it . 
  as a virgin , and i never asked this to my friends or anyone . 
  30 minutes of what ? 
  penetration ? 
  foreplay + penetration ? 
  what the fuck is it ? 
  i want to know , so i will try to wo n't be bad at it . 
  and after all , you 're my wonderwall . 
  i think you missed a joke . 
  i did . 
  it 's unfortunate people say this about her , but you have to understand a lot of the shows that she has been have been canceled and films that she was in were not that good , despite she being so cute , and despite me wanting to date her and give her nice things . 
   people that do n't actually wish to hurt her but do n't realize when they do . 
  i get hurt by other people aswell . 
  does anyone else care ? 
  of course it 's not her fault . 
  there are directors , producers , writers , sound engineers , gci engineers working together to create a show , if a show gets canceled because of her , something is wrong , and there is a conspiracy against her . 
  so , why does she read critics ? 
  most of actors do n't . 
  most of actors do n't even watch the shit they do , and after they read the first critics they stop reading them . 
  and also , if she wants to feel better , i can make her feel better , she does n't need critics . 
  or just come to reddit or / tv / . 
  i do n't really like the way people talk sometimes , but there 's nothing we can do , we ca n't educate them , we just have to listen and judge ourselves . 
  we 'll never ever ever ever get back together !, 
  imagine all the money . 
  4 years for me . 
  elf ? 
  what ? 
  night elf or blood elf ? 
  i have a jawline , my chin is not that big though . 
  okey , so now read `` whale oil beef hooked '' in a normal american accent . 
  you are actually saying `` well , i 'll be fucked . '', 
  in an irish accent . 
  now , get everything in one sentence . 
  `` air hair lair , my name is my cocaine , and whale oil beef hooked if i do n't eat my beer can with my rise up lights . '', 
  `` oh hello , my name is michael caine , and i 'll be fucked if i do n't eat my bacon with my razor blades . '', 
  so much fun !, 
  i do have ocd , but fuck , it gets annoying that i get fucking anxious about it , and i start to bit my lips . 
  thanks . 
  i actually only use no brand chapsticks , so that may be it . 
  how do i fix this ? 
  it 's been almost 10 years with this shit . 
  yeah , but i get fucking annoyed and anxious if i go out without a chapstick . 
  and if i go out , and have to sleep without putting some chapstick , i 'm fucked , my lips will be fucking mad . 
  also yeah , if i do n't use it for a very long time , i get the feeling that you get when you are holding to pee and you only pee 12 hours after you get home . 
  joking ? 
  thanks . 
  30 minutes is an exageration . 
  i can do it every 5 minutes , every 30 minutes , every hour , every couple of hours , or just go a day without using it . 
  but when my lips go dry , i get anxious and i start biting them , so i need to use chapstick . 
  i 've read chapstick conspiracy . 
  it contain other shit . 
  i bite my nails . 
  a lot . 
  i have extreme anxiety and i do this since i 'm a kid . 
  i probably need to go to a doctor , or just change my chapstick . 
  the hands , is not because i 'm stressed , but more because i like doing it . 
  oh yeah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  i go to a supermarket here , i buy pepperonni pizzas for 2,14 $ , which is almost 3 $ , they are 350gr pizzas , and they are better than the 25 $ , ~ 30 $ that people order from pizza hut . 
  i 'm in portugal though . 
   also , the economy is recovering . 
  in your country , because here in portugal , minimum wage is being talked to be reduced from 485 $ / 600 $ / month , to 300 $ / 381 $ / month , while rent is 375 $ / 400 $ / month . 
  should i move to the us ? 
  well , let me tell you something , in portugal minimum wage is 2.5 $ / hour . 
  is this a law in the us ? 
   tipped job, 
   employers do n't have to pay you minimum wage, 
  if this is a law , something needs to change because this is fucking retarded . 
  180 hours of work per week on california , those actors work like fuck . 
  the decriminalization only works upto 3gr of weed , if you get more you are arrested , and you can not plant it on your house like sweden or switzerland . 
  but yeah , that sucks , not beeing able to afford a 2 bedroom apartment , i 'm at the moment living in a 3 bedroom apartment for 370 $ / month . 
  i really hope he gets it and cbs does n't go all corporate on him , and gives him tips on how he should run the show , because if they do that , fuck cbs . 
  jimmy fallon is fucking great . 
  craig ferguson and zooey deschanel,
