  she also said to me that she thought i was a guy with no feelings , because i never showed them to anyone , and was harsh to people . 
  do n't worry about it , she has her stuff too and i like to help her . 
  really ? 
  is that the case ? 
  nothing has changed since then . 
  and if a girl loses her respect for because i have feelings , well , then maybe she is not a girl i want to be with . 
  and , this was i think two weeks ago , nothing has changed . 
  and why is that ? 
  no overclock , almost new , only used to play world of wacraft . 
  yeah , fans are also new . 
  thanks . 
  i hope i can get atleast 900kh/s with both . 
  i looked into https://litecoin.info/mining_hardware_comparison and it is a minimum of 417kh/s and a maximum of 476kh/s , can people pull 500kh/s ? 
  yes , $ 210 for both , i just hope i can get atleast 450kh/s each . 
  saved, 
  also , make stickers of this . 
  how do you manage the temps with that ? 
  if i plug my monitor to the igp and use a dummy plug , i ca n't manage temps and ca n't hear the fans running , i 'm afraid i 'm going to ruin my gpu . 
  it sucks , because i can never run my 7950 at full intensity , so i mine at 320kh/s every day instead of 620kh/s . 
  i would really like to fix this . 
  i did that , and i ca n't control the temps on my gpu and the hash rate lowers . 
  i got a 7950 . 
  oh that 's nice , i will need to buy one of those cables then . 
  i still have n't quite figured out what powered risers are for , but both of the 270x will be plugged into my xfx 550w . 
  i was thinking in jumping the psu that way , but i 'm afraid of burning something or electrocute myself . 
  yeah , well , i knew what risers were meant to do , i just never understood why powered risers . 
  so where do you plug the powered risers then ? 
  probably a stupid question , but i 'm not seeing it . 
  how difficult it is to ask ? 
  i already told me girlfriend `` when you want me to eat your pussy , ask for it . 
  or your asshole . 
  all of you . '' . 
  maybe i 'm into that shit , but i love it when she demands me to do things to her . 
  i will only to see mine in july . 
  so , yeah , you can do it . 
  so much love . 
   live like it 's moon on earth, 
  just a simple fix , friendly shibe . 
  yep . 
  i have one 7950 . 
  so , you must be running them at 600 - 620kh/s each . 
  that 's nice . 
  also , what psu is that ? 
  i need a new one to add to my xfx 550w . 
  i 'm waiting for more gpu 's to arrive . 
  what are the configs ? 
  is msi a good brand to be used for mining ? 
  i was reading this, 
   the rm series are geared towards budget enthusiasts and system builders who are looking for a cheaper alternative than the hx series . 
  so if you do n't overclock or if you do mild oc only , and you do n't have lots of power-hungry components installed in your system , the rm series would be enough for you . 
  meanwhile the hx and ax series are geared towards mainstream and high end users who really push their system , or have lots of components installed . 
  here , http://thepcenthusiast.com/corsair-rm-vs-hx-vs-ax-power-supply/, 
  and now i 'm afraid the rm850 is n't good enough . 
  the rm850 will only be powering gpu 's , i will use my xfx 550w to power the motherboard and one gpu . 
  how come no one loves me ? 
  what are their configs ? 
  are they overclocked ? 
  thanks . 
  per card ? 
  that shit is overpowered . 
  kh/s . 
  blue valentine is my favourite movie . 
  yeah , otherwise that would have been some really nice overpowered gpu 's . 
  this is what i 'm thinking in doing when i setup my miner and if doge value suddenly drops , i 'm going to switch to multipools , so you can still make profit without too much hassle . 
  and mining in multipools that pay you in btc or ltc is good for the long run , well not for ltc now because of doge , but for btc , i think it 's good . 
  it could be like that youtube show where young kids review youtube clips . 
  this kid is going to review movies . 
  imagine how awesome would it be for the kid to review a martin scorsese movie , or a 2deep4u movie in which he does n't understand anything but still reviews it . 
  awesome . 
  please take me right here, 
  wow, 
  you talked to yourself four times . 
  no i did n't . 
  yes you did . 
  shut up cunt . 
  hey , guys , take it easy . 
  * i 'm so alone *, 
  * i miss my girlfriend . 
  and then make another hole in the ceiling by going through the roof . 
  no , he 's not . 
  ah did nat hit ha , ah did nat . 
  video of that ? 
  i always read about that , but never seen the source . 
  sorry , english is not my first language , i did n't know any other proper word to use . 
  and thanks for the link . 
  well , this is nice , looking forward to this . 
  what is the minimum amount to invest ? 
  i take that 0.01 btc is not enough . 
  so hot, 
  fuck you, 
  all that unintentional game . 
  hey , remember me ? 
  i just remembered something silly , do you remember asking me out in high school ? 
  how weird is that , catching up on facebook now after all these years . 
  so reddit , wants to know , were you messing with me or not ? 
   when date i think its funny to show people this picture and see how they react , when a guy says '' im glad you look the way you do now '' or `` i would n't have talked to you before '' i automatically shut off . 
  i prefer to date people who knew me before or had seen me before . 
  however people do treat me very differently . 
  i 'm glad you are good human being . 
  facial proportions .
