  * smashes phone *, 
  * leaves his office running *, 
  aww, 
  bitch, 
  good goy, 
  yes, 
  and not sleeping for 3 days , yeah , i want to sleep . 
  i would probably go the entire shoot dressed as the character and with a specific accent , and maybe , maybe , do what he did in my left foot and do n't move from the chair and have to be moved around and spoon fed , but refusing modern medicine or staying awake for 3 days , that 's just crazy . 
  i 'm 22 , and i ca n't even pull an all nighter anymore , i do n't want to imagine what 3 days would do to me . 
  at 39-40 seconds , you can see that he misses on purpose , and then again at 43 seconds . 
  he is pretty intense , but i do n't think he would deliberately hurt another person while in character . 
  really ? 
  you are so pretty . 
  i just did that movement myself . 
  a canoe like ron swanson said . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't know much about markets and pr , but i 've seen an interview from someone from the doge foundation on fox , is n't that good ? 
  and the price started to lower . 
  i 'm not that worried for me , i do n't have that much doge , but i 've seen people losing their heads and putting savings into this and now doge is almost at 150 satoshi . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  ah i do this all the time . 
  it 's the first time i thought i was the only one channeling the pain !, 
  where is `` what a time to be alive '' from ? 
  how much in grams is 1 stick of butter ? 
  you americans and your measuring systems . 
  thank you very much for the information . 
  it comes in a 250gr or 500gr package . 
  * hello darkness my old friend *, 
  well , i was thinking about r9 280x or r9 290x , or the best card available price/kh/watt there is on the market . 
  thanks , that 's like less 6000 $ in profit . 
  i teared up reading your comment . 
  my girlfriend told me that a few years ago she made out with a girl , that girl is still friends with her , instead of me saying `` fuck yeah '' and being arouse , i felt cheated and sad . 
  i do n't want anyone else with my girlfriend . 
  fuck that . 
  there is lesbian porn for that reason , so i do n't have to share my girlfriend with anyone . 
  do you read fiction or non-fiction and educational stuff ? 
  it went really fast with my girlfriend , 2 months and it 's gone , maybe because of our differences in the beginning . 
  i 'm like this right now , and i want to change , but it 's hard as fuck . 
  it 's like bill burr says `` you have been alone for so long , that your brain just goes `` fuck it , say it , see what happens . '' '' . 
  every single time about anything i have to be right , i knew i was being a little shit , when my girlfriend started crying in front of me saying that for me she is always wrong . 
  i knew that instant i could n't make her suffer like that . 
  she is a wonderful human being , i 'm a retard . 
  til . 
  oh , shit , i saw jonny with the moustache and said `` well , buckland certainly looks like a trucker . '', 
  and then i come here and see this comment , i started laughing uncontrollably . 
  what 's up guys ? 
  thank you for giving us the best job in the whole wide world . 
  i ca n't download it anymore . 
  any help ? 
  tom cruise, 
  movie star tom cruise, 
  he has been in two , that 's completely different . 
  thanks . 
  i actually found what was causing it , it was my 7950 that was rendering instead of my cpu . 
  i was actually really happy that after 5 years we know are able to see that someone is kind to larry . 
  that 's so awesome . 
  it was a really stretched joke . 
  were you dating or just hooking up ? 
  because i said to my girlfriend not to think about the future , like marriage and kids , because we are too young and she accepted it . 
  i hope you feel well soon . 
  well , that 's me . 
  i 'm the beginning of the relationship i always wanted to be with my girlfriend , we texted 24/7 , now i miss my netflix , weeks alone and all that . 
  she does n't mind me not talking a day or two , but she says weeks and months is not good for a relationship . 
  that 's what i get from being alone for 22 years and happy with it . 
  is that a book i need to buy or is that an article on the internet ? 
  can you link it ? 
  thanks . 
  why ? 
  yes , last week . 
  new girl . 
  where do you mine these and sell ? 
  oh , come on , that shit was fucking awesome . 
  jesus christ , i ca n't even say `` i feel you , dude . 
  '' , because that 's just fucking crushing . 
  well , good luck . 
  i would do it , just to fuck with you . 
  and then i would laugh , like a fucking pig . 
  it 's what makes a subaru a subaru . 
  oh shit , chris and will singing 'til kingdom come . 
  shit , i cry !, 
  actually , she said it was ghost stories . 
  if you are portuguese , you know that she said ghost stories . 
  that was the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen in my entire life . 
  my dad owns a subaru impreza from 1999 . 
  that was the most impressive thing i 've ever seen in my entire life . 
  not even if jesus christ came to earth and said `` hey , wan na do like moses and part the seas ? '' . 
  nope . 
  that was the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . 
  and i 'm an atheist and i like to go to church because it gives me a sense of amicability . 
  edit : look !, 
  well , that priest has a different way of thinking and i like it . 
  he even uses an ipad to read the bible , that 's some futuristic stuff . 
  he does n't see god as a fix-it-all kind of person , but a person that is there for you if you need to vent , kinda like a friend , and not a merciless motherfucker who will make you burn in hell if you do n't go to church or pray every single day . 
  tl ; dr : it does n't really matter if you are an atheist or a christian , just be a good person . 
  i do n't think so , no . 
  i just do n't give a fuck if there is anyone out there taking care of me or not , so i consider myself as an atheist . 
  i prefer to treat people as i see fit than how it says on a piece of paper . 
  did i say that ? 
  is n't an agnostic a person who * may * or * may not * believe if god exists ?
