  sometimes i do the fake message on the cellphone just not to talk to people . 
  there are two girls in my school now , that i used to talk everyday , due to having rehearsals when we were doing a play , so there was no problem , now we do n't , and sometimes i cringe just thinking that if i pass by them in the school i have to say hello , and they might not reciprocate and get mocked because they do n't reciprocated the hello , yet one of those two girls was very close to me when we were doing a play , hugs , and other stuff , but now , i get anxiety if i pass by them . 
  i have thought in trying pills first , i went to the doctor last week and he gave me some pills from a valerian root , i take 4 per day , does nothing to the anxiety , it 's 45mg each , nothing happens . 
  i have thought about therapy , but having anxiety , is the reason why i do n't want to go to therapy . 
  yeah , there is this girl in my class that i do this . 
  jesse , get rid of the body . 
  hey , mr. white what happened to the bathtub ? 
  quickly , someone post it to their tweeters . 
  i was thinking , `` thank you for not putting in the title `` just found this little guy in the street . 
  she is hot . 
  let 's do it bro . 
  i like to talk about that aswell , and when actors are bad , oh yeah , i like it . 
  bad acting , bad directing , bad whatever . 
  let 's talk about it !, 
  the big bang theory . 
  internet hug . 
  final fantasy viii and x. 
  i was so fucking overpowered . 
  in x i did n't have all the legendary weapons , i do n't remember how they are called , but tidus and yuna , jesus fucking christ , i remember yuna and magus sisters , that shit was so fucking overpowered , that i just ca n't describe it , i think i killed one phase of jecht just because of the power of magus sisters . 
  in viii , ultimecia was killed in less than 1 minute . 
  squall , zell and irvine , level 99 , battle begins , aura on the three of them , i spend like 10 minutes with zell 's limit break because i was so fucking quick with the fingers , every hit was 9999 , and every attack i spent like 1 second doing the up down right left . 
  phase one done . 
  phase two , squall lionheart limit break , 9999 x 50 . 
  done, 
  phase three , irvine with that multiple shot that hits 9999 every hit . 
  fuck ultimecia . 
  jesus , that is sad . 
   i went out alone , had dinner by myself , and went to the theater alone . 
  didnt see anyone all day or anything . 
  perfect day . 
  alone . 
  yet , i 'm sorry . 
  you really did n't * see * that coming . 
  it 's funny because of burnt retina . 
  yes , i do . 
  and i have accomplished nothing in my life . 
  atleast , nothing that i want to do . 
  i already got my license , i already finished high school , i went to college and quit because i do n't want to get a degree in something i do n't like . 
  i 'm studying again , biology and chemistry , yet i do not want to work in those fields . 
  i spend my days playing wow , and browsing reddit . 
  so yeah , that feeling , i do get it and then i start to think that i will die with nothing accomplished . 
  the thing is she blames him for a lot of things he has nothing to do about , like having an affair and other shit , while he is cooking meth to get money for his family when he dies . 
  so in perspective , she is a nagging wife , and he is providing for his family . 
  he is providing and saving is family . 
  hello from portugal , hum hum . 
  i think what you said , about having a role model and making yourself that person real or imagined worked for me . 
  a few years ago , i started watching house , i loved the character , house is just fucking perfect . 
  so i convinced myself that i had to be like him , i started being arrogant , not talking to people , observing people more and making conclusions about what the fuck were people doing and why were they doing it . 
  but mostly what changed in my personality was that i was more arrogant , angry , and liked to be alone . 
  so , yeah it worked . 
  now we just wait for someone to adopt this name into a electronic music name and release something like dubstep or that kind of shit . 
  what ? 
  does this really work ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm proud on being able to hide the fact that i have literally no friends and i 'm unhappy and show that i am happy . 
  that takes acting chops . 
  twist , the parents were black . 
  there is a girl , but probably wo n't happen . 
  alone . 
  nice . 
  oh , so that 's why i do n't want friends , but only a girlfriend ? 
  yet , i feel fine isolated . 
  i have not taken any initiative . 
  also , sometimes i gave her the `` i 'm not interested '' vibe , just not to seem too interested . 
  sometimes she came talk to me , ask me why i missed class , i would just say because and would keep listening to my music . 
  she has intense eye contact with me when she is presenting something to the class , yesterday she had to present something to the class , and just kept talking and looking at me , i sometimes made her smile , and other things like that . 
  yet , i do n't understand her , because she has a friend whom she is always hugging and other shit , a week ago , she sat on his lap and then hugged , so that 's another point on why i do n't take any initiative . 
  because i do n't understand her . 
  yet , as i said , loneliness is cool . 
   i just do n't want to feel this feel . 
  it 's a cycle , imagine if you ate your own poop , you would n't need to waste money on food again . 
  eat shit or eat a booger , it 's just a fucking cycle . 
  you eat , you shit , you eat again . 
  free food !, 
  yeah !, 
  you have to check on your post office . 
  what is tex-mex ? 
  i like both , never tried your american coffee or tea . 
  chocolates would melt in the shipping trip so , i 've never tried beef jerky and all those things . 
  yes , but i do n't know most of the things you have there , if you could recommend something it would be nice . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' aswell , i 'm 20 . 
  how old are you ? 
  chips , sweets , that beef jerky , i do n't know if it 's possible to send me some beverages and those things . 
  i do n't know what you have there , so i 'm asking for recommendations . 
  never , sorry . 
  oh , so no deal ? 
  messaged you . 
  i wish i had friends . 
  i meant it as a reddit funny way , but i literally have no real life friends . 
  yey , internet friends !, 
  my old friends probably do n't miss me . 
  i do n't want to make new friends because i do n't know . 
  it 's too late to talk to this girl , school finishes next wednesday , and i probably wo n't see her again until september if i go back to school . 
  internet friends , yeah !, 
  portugal . 
  thanks thunderorb !, 
  you are my real friend !, 
  she said she was going to talk to me today , i 'm still waiting . 
  *** [ nsfw ] ***, 
  oh put it in beaver .
