   anyway 's he be touching jennifer lawrence 's bits and bobs when he likes now so i am proper jel mate !!!, 
  jennifer lawrence should be mine . 
  i 'm just thanking jesus throughout this thread , but thank you richiehawtin aswell . 
  oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man , oh god , oh man . 
  i know what you mean about `` actooooooooooors '' instead of actors . 
  i did a play a few years ago where i was the lead , and i could n't have cringed more at people trying to act . 
  playing a fps in a war zone like medal of honor would be fucking awesome and give me ptsd . 
  rad pitt . 
  got any video of that ? 
  is this not possible for everyone ? 
  i can lift my left one , but fuck i ca n't do it with my right . 
  dude , i just messaged a girl on facebook that i knew a few years ago , maybe like 5 . 
  and we were good friends from what i could see , she would laugh even at my attempts of a joke , but one day via msn , i told her i liked her , she said `` i love you too , but as a friend . 
  '' , it got weird after that . 
  a few days ago , i messaged her again , she said i disappeared , i said i moved away . 
  she replied again , and i waited 2 days , until a few hours ago to reply to her . 
  so , yeah , i 'm fucking awkward even in the internet . 
  i 'm 21 , every other week someone says i do n't have a girlfriend and that i should have one . 
  i think it 's better just not to stress about it . 
  i have films to watch !, 
  too furious or asd ? 
  what the fuck is asd ? 
  to be honest , telling a girl you like via social media or via internet it is/was not the best move . 
  but what can you do ? 
  we used to talk pretty much 24/7 , hug a lot , flirt a lot , maybe she is just friendly as fuck . 
  i was young , i was like 15 or 16 . 
  i agree with you . 
  and that 's why i 'm afraid of dying . 
  well , maybe not afraid of dying , afraid of dying and not having achieved anything . 
  i do n't believe in reincarnation , or the after-life , and if i do n't fulfill this life , fuck . 
  i 'm not talking about other people 's fulfillment in knowing me . 
  i want to achieve a personal fulfillment . 
  i do n't think i said i want to be remembered . 
  i watched this is the end yesterday , it was fun . 
  yeah , subaru , bitch !, 
  maybe , just maybe my ocd makes me think about this too much . 
  in the last few days , i have been thinking about this shit a lot . 
  i 'm going to have surgery in the near future , and i 'm fucking stressing about this shit . 
  i should not stress about it , but fuck my brain . 
  so everything starts to pile up , and at 21 , i think i should n't worry too much , but damn , if i do n't sweat at night . 
  it 's a nose surgery , i ca n't breathe properly . 
  i was with him until he said one plus one five , then i called it fake . 
  too bad adaptation expired on netflix . 
  i may have to illegally download every non-netflix nicolas cage movie . 
  but our lord has spoken and it shall be done !, 
  you ca n't handle no explosions, 
  when i read plastic surgery , i start to worry as fuck . 
  i have a bump in my nose , and i have breathing problems , so i 'm going to get a surgery to correct both of these things , i will breathe better and the bump on my nose will be gone . 
  i wonder if that counts as vain plastic surgery , reddit talks so much about . 
  it will improve my health , and my looks . 
  anxiety and tiredness can be caused by breathing problems , which are two things i have . 
  the thing i 'm most worried about is my face , how different will it look without the bump and if i 'm not going to regret it . 
  my friends talk about pain , that will be painful , but pain goes away after a week or two , my nose will be with me forever . 
  that 's what i 'm most worried about . 
  that and breathing properly for once . 
  i 'm 21 , and i said `` wtf ? 
  you talkin ' to me ? 
  have n't got a text in the morning for a few years now . 
  i just have to say it , this fucking episode was 10/10 , emmys for everyone !, 
  even the dog at the end !, 
  when he called her and said he told her everything about what he was doing , i thought she was going to be arrested and charged with being an accomplice . 
  i think everyone deserves a fucking emmy . 
  this is probably one of my favourite episodes in the history of me watching television . 
  deserves an emmy . 
  but do n't go to far man , there are bad people out there . 
  emmy nomination for the dog !, 
  i got shivers when i saw this scene . 
  it really showed that after this , there is no going back , no sorry , no nothing that it is going to make up for it . 
  it 's over . 
  i watch breaking bad alone at 4am . 
  everything is silent . 
  man , i look like a school girl that went to watch a justin bieber concert , but fucking hell if this fucking episode is n't one of the best episodes to every be on fucking television . 
  go and read my fucking comments in the past few minutes . 
  it 's all i 'm talking about !, 
  jesus fucking christ , even the dog deserves a fucking emmy !, 
  thanks . 
  are they that much expensive to purchase instead of computer speakers ? 
  would i need an amplifier and a subwoofer , or just two bookshelf speakers would suffice ? 
  i have [ these ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/logitech-multimedia-theatre-speaker-system/dp/b0006lcmk4/ref=sr_1_3?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1379304238&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=logitech+5.1 ) , but the subwoofer turned to the max is n't very good , it has a very muffled sound , despite the speakers being very good with a very good clear sound . 
  but , i want more . 
  got any recommendations ? 
  i 'm going to punch my monitor if no one from breaking bad gets an emmy . 
  everyone was outstanding tonight !, 
  everyone deserves an emmy !, 
  even the dog !, 
  even . 
  the . 
  dog !, 
  how do i do that ? 
  my current speakers cost me 41 # . 
  today 's episode of breaking bad is one of the best episodes to ever be on television . 
  and you know i 'm goddamn right !, 
  * `` today 's episode of breaking bad is one of the best episodes to ever be on television . 
  i think they should create a category just for vince gilligan . 
  let 's go to the shooting range now !, 
  she was so adorable i do n't even have an analogy to describe how i felt . 
  yeah , i 'll probably end up living in the streets with these kind of addictions . 
  such is life . 
  those teared up eyes . 
  get out of my fucking lawn you piece of shit .
