  thanks for the tips , appreciated . 
  fuck you , i 'm going there at 6 . 
  why am i so lonely, 
   listening to your heartbeat . 
  boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom, 
  150 bpm . 
  i know . 
  but the awkward conversation has too many feels . 
  yes , thanks , edited . 
  i drove a subaru impreza from 1999 , which was from my dad 's . 
  fucking awesome . 
  260km/h top speed . 
  i drove it until this year . 
  it 's my favourite car aswell . 
  insurance ? 
  my dad paid i think 1000 $ + per year when the car was new , insurance against any type of situation . 
  how come # 40k ? 
  ah , because you are 19 , i 'm 20 , i got my license when i was 19 , aswell , and the insurance for the subaru impreza just against 3rd parties , and it costed as much as when my dad bought the car in 1999 . 
  yeah , the price will drop when you get like 5 years of license , atleast it applies in here , do n't know about the uk . 
  how do you manage to pay 40k per year ? 
  how much do you make per year with the minimum wage there ? 
  yeah , i do n't get it how can someone afford 40k a year of insurance when the minimum wage is not even 10k . 
  britain are you serious ? 
   1l - 1.4 l as they are cheaper on petrol ( currently at 129.9 pence per litre in my town ), 
  how do i translate that to gasoline 98 ? 
  the price is , i think , ~ 1.90 $ per liter . 
  minimum wage 485 $ . 
  that bug will fly after you when you jump of the ship . 
  can you elaborate on this please ? 
  people are saying that you are a sociopath . 
  i think i 'm like that . 
  that 's cool . 
  i have n't relaxed in about a fucking month . 
  i am tired like fuck and have anxiety overall . 
  and i 'm having bad dreams every single night . 
  and i 'm tired . 
  i went to the gym i 'm at now , because i wanted to see if it had the proper equipment , i did n't even lift , i did mostly cardio , and some shitty reps in the machines . 
  yesterday , was the first day with stronglifts 5x5 . 
  yeah , i will , thanks . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i will . 
  thanks . 
  i will have to continue training then . 
  thanks . 
  is too much volume bad for me ? 
  i want to gain weight and strength . 
  should i change to 3x5 , or just keep at 5x5 ? 
  does lifting lower your heart rate ? 
  thanks for the link , they recommend ss . 
  i have a very high resting heart rate , probably 90 . 
  thanks . 
  i will . 
  are you still feeling it right now ? 
  i liked stronglifts 5x5 anyway , and i would like to stick with it anyway . 
   5 \u00d7 5 could be too much volume to start with if you 've never stepped foot in a gym before . 
  some beginners simply do n't have the baseline endurance and mental focus to rip through that many sets , even if you 're lifting an empty bar . 
  and i did n't slack or did n't stop because i was tired , i did what i had to do , and these are my lifting numbers for the first day ,, 
  squat - 80lbs, 
  bench press - 80lbs, 
  barbell row - 70lbs . 
  is n't serotonin the chemical that affects the part of the brain that creates ocd , and anxiety ? 
  i started working out , 1 day ago , and i will keep doing it . 
  i like walking at night , it 's great , but it 's just so much easier to stay at home doing nothing . 
  but i started working out recently , i hope this improves my health a bit . 
  thanks for the tips , appreciated . 
  you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  i am currently reading harry potter and the philisopher 's stone . 
  yeah , i actually think that half of my feeling like shit thing is because of the shitty food i eat . 
  at the moment , i 've put a pepperoni pizza in the oven and i 'm going to drink 1.5 lt of coke . 
  probably yeah , me feeling like shit is probably because of my eating habits , but it 's so good , pizza and coke . 
  * / internethug *, 
  i do n't have shit to get rid of . 
  i have mostly no friends . 
  and i started working out with my cousin now , since i want to gain some weight . 
  i really wanted to study film and tv , and work in the industry , but is n't going to be possible . 
  ice cream , yeah . 
  1kg of chocolate ice cream just to me . 
  yeah , nice . 
  thanks for remembering me of that . 
  i started working out two days ago . 
  sometimes i feel angry after the exercise is finished and i 'm at home , do n't know why is this , but yeah , sometimes i get angry . 
  i have nothing to say , that 's the point . 
  i 'm not interesting . 
  well , i have shit to say , people just do n't want to hear . 
  i 'm mostly a film and tv geek , and most of my friends do n't watch nothing . 
  you too . 
  film and tv is the only thing that lowers my heart rate and my breathing when i 'm watching something , i 'm watching prison break at the moment , my breathing slows down it looks like i 'm breathing like if i was asleep . 
  in the end of the episode , i take a big breath , like if i had just wake up . 
  i can spend more than 12h watching films or tv , and getting to know how they do things , how are you supposed to act , how do directors direct , who is directing , etc. 
  i 'm a film and tv walking bible , if you tell me the name of a film or a tv show , i 'll tell you in what year was shot , year of release , director , actors , how many oscars , how many emmys , how many golden globes . 
  martin scorsese is like this , i remember i think it was mark wahlberg , sometimes would call martin scorsese and talk about a film and martin scorsese would just tell him everything about the film . 
  quentin tarantino is like this aswell . 
  the thing is , i do n't pursue it because i wo n't have money to eat and pay the bills in my country , which has no film industry , and a shitty tv industry , so i would n't get any jobs in the industry . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i 've already watched all the films , but i 'm reading the first and i already know what 's going to happen and it 's like meh . 
  nevertheless , i like to read , and i 'm enjoying this book . 
  have n't watched band of brothers , but the pacific made me feel those feels you felt watching that . 
  i 've seen it twice . 
  watching the 10 episodes and seeing what they went through , and then seeing the faces and the pictures of the real people that went through everything of that , just made me feel . 
  i now have to watch band of brothers .
