  can someone tell me what happened ? 
  small country , people just want to make money . 
  pt put me and my cousin doing 3x15 in the machines . 
   mfw i only did 5 when no one was watching . 
  thank you !, 
  jesus fucking christ , i 'm reading these stories about people fucking themselves with smith machines . 
  i have read people fucking up backs , knees , and i read an article in bodybuilding.com that people got quadriplegic and paralized and other shit . 
  nah , fuck the smith machine , i 'll look into another gym . 
  fuck that , twisting a knee . 
  nah , i probably wo n't even do anything at this point , i do n't want to fuck up my back or knees in the long run . 
  on the gym ? 
  yes . 
  at home ? 
  why ? 
  i 've read [ this ] ( http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/1-exercise-you-should-never-do-5-you-should.html ) . 
  i need to gain weight , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , and to start , low reps are better than high reps. 
  the pt had me and my cousin do 3x15 in the machines . 
  i was laughing psychologically the whole time , because it goes against everything i have read and learnt on reddit . 
  these gyms just want to take some of the monthly income of the clients and make them to not make any progress , so they keep coming every month , doing the same shit with no improvements . 
  i do n't want that shit , because i have been reading a lot and informing me a lot . 
  if the gyms does n't have the right equipment , fuck it , i wo n't go there and waste my money . 
  if i had a bigger house , i would buy myself a squat rack and say `` fuck you '' to these money stealer and no progress gyms . 
  portugal . 
  from what i 've seen today the people were nice . 
  some women above 40 walking in the treadmills and some bros that did not know what the fuck they were doing . 
  the pt was nice aswell , i thought he was going to get mad or whatever when i asked if i could do my own plan , with squats , deadlifts and bench press , and he was cool with it . 
  that was when i asked what the smith machine was , because i did n't know , then went to / fit / asked , and people told me it was a smith machine , googled it , asked on reddit about it , and decided that it 's not worth it to pay money for a gym that does not have the right equipment for my plan . 
  yet , 3x15 for me , when i 'm trying to gain weight , seems like he does n't know shit , or just wants to rob money out of people . 
  and i feel sorry for my cousin , because he wanted to go with me , and i kinda raise his hopes of me going with him , because i was excited that i could do squats in that machine , but when i came home and discovered that the smith machine fucks you up , i decided not to go , and i have to tell him now . 
  ss or sl , whatever , i just want to gain weight and strength . 
  is that possible without squats and the fucking smith machine ? 
  also , i just do n't want to sign to the gym , because the membership is 1 month , which is like 40 $ and more 20 $ because i 'm new . 
  he is another one , 20lbs 3x15 machines , 1 hour treadmills/eliptics/bicycles , that does n't know what the fuck is doing , and does n't want to listen to me , so he does n't want to join the others or even try them , and also because he had colleagues from his class that went there . 
  also , he got mad the first time i said i had a plan on my own , because i `` know nothing about it and you do n't want to start a conflict in the first day of working out '' . 
  yes , this is what happens here aswell . 
  i 'm glad , and a bit sad , that it happens on other places too . 
  the first gym i went to , it was where i lived 2 years ago , had every machine , no squat rack , and had a bench press . 
  it sucked , but i knew nothing about lifting , so i was like `` wtfmachineslift '' , i just went to that first gym a day , to have a test workout . 
  the same happened with this , but now , i 'm more informed and fucked if i ca n't find a gym with a squat rack . 
  also , did you managed to find a gym with a squat rack ? 
  portugal , i think there are 4 gyms in my city , the first one i went today sucks , the other 3 i do n't know . 
  1 is full of bros who like spinning and have no idea of what the fuck they are doing aswell . 
  i know this because a friend of mine had to work as a sound enginner for a 24h spinning shit for that gym and i was there with him , and the supposed pt 's that were there , had no idea of what the fuck was working out , they did spinning for 24h , and they were skinnier then me , or were curl bros. 
  the other 2 i do n't know , my cousin told me today , that 1 of them is full of ghetto people and other shit , might be a not that good environment . 
  the last one , i do n't know , have to check . 
  i will eventually check the rest of the gyms , until i find a squat rack , if i do n't find one , fuck that , fuck lifting , and embrace the 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs forever . 
  maybe we are seen as a bit arrogant because they think we know all , which in this case , i do n't , and i do research and inform me about the things . 
  i have been reading about ss/sl , lifting , for the past year , have never put much effort into finding a gym because money , but now i really want to do it , and to do some exercise aswell , because staying at home playing wow all day is n't that healthy . 
  we are both 20 , so the phase of highschool and want to have big biceps to show of is not there anymore , atleast for me , but the thing is , my cousin does n't like to attract attentions to him , or he does , but not for the right reasons . 
  he does n't like to feel inferior outside or to feel embarrassed around other people , if we are passing a couple of people he stops talking , if we are talking about something and a person passes he stops talking , if i try to make a joke about something but people are close , he says to shut up or does n't even listen , i ca n't explain in proper english how is personality is , because i 'm too tired and have n't slept in 24h , but yeah , he is like a kid . 
  also , squat for me , is probably my favourite exercise without even doing it , do n't know why , but it just seems cool . 
  i saw a guy today , that went to all the machines and did 12 to 15 reps and 1 set on each . 
  i laughed . 
  i hope your cousin listens to you now . 
  no , i do n't . 
  fucking jesus , are body weight programmes near as efective as a compound lifts program ? 
  anyway , thanks for taking the time to reply and give tips on what i should do , thanks , appreciated . 
  i want to get from 165lbs to 200lbs and be fit/athletic/ripped . 
  thanks metricbot !, 
  you are awesome !, 
  i think giving advice to randoms at the gym is a dick move aswell , i would n't probably do it , because i do n't have atleast the physique to show while giving advice and i never did that . 
  i also , did not tried to give him advice on what he should do or not , i told him what i wanted to do . 
  i hope he does change , and i would like for him to come along and see other gyms with me so he would n't be alone and i would n't be alone aswell , but i just hope finding a gym with squat rack . 
  hey , thanks for the advice and tips , appreciated , thanks . 
  i 'm starting slow and with very light weight . 
  i do n't mind light weight , it 's what ss and sl says , start with light weight and increase 5lbs each workout . 
  i mind my body and my life , as i do n't want to get injured in a knee or in my back in the long term and fuck up my life . 
  i just want a squat rack where i can do the squats , they have a bench press there , and the pt said i was able to do deadlifts aswell , do n't know where , but yeah , i just need a squat rack . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , i know it 's probably going to take me a long time , i 'm thinking in strength at the moment , and something like 20lbs probably , do n't know if that 's even possible by the end of the year . 
  i can do bench press , deadlifts , and cleans probably with the bar from the bench press there . 
  i just ca n't do free weight squats , it has to be from the smith machine . 
  i just do n't want to risk an injury . 
  the smith machine in my case will only be used for the squats , since the bench press and deadlifts can be done with the free weights there . 
  that 's what i thought aswell , getting results for him to see that i was not `` just talking '' . 
  ah , jokes on you , i do n't even have a garage . 
  it costs like 200 $ more a month . 
  i know that they exist here , in my country , do n't know if they exist in my city . 
  i want mass/size and strength . 
  all the people i 've seen there in the 2 or 3 hours i was there , none of them were stronger or big . 
  also , they did n't have a clue on what to do . 
  also , my cousin did n't know what sets were . 
  the pt said 3x15 , he just did 45 reps in a row . 
  i did n't want to talk because yeah , it 's rude . 
  i think it 's the most convenient yes , because i go with my cousin and whatever . 
  we spot each other and we keep motivated . 
  the thing is i 've been reading a lot about ss and sl , and i want to have a workout routine like that , and squats look cool to do . 
  i will just go to the other gyms , and ask if they have a squat rack , if they do n't , or i will stay at home doing nothing , or i will go to the other gym , and probably do bench press , deadlift and goblet squats . 
  are you doing goblet squats ? 
  yeah , anything is better than staying at home , i just wanted to have a proper workout routine . 
  yeah , from what i 've seen aswell , gyms tend to fail on this squat rack thing . 
  they have all kinds of machines and people think that that is enough to lose fat/gain muscle . 
  `` omgmachineslol . '', 
  oh , yeah , i forgot about checking that , but the dumbbells i saw there i think the maximum weight was 110lbs . 
  i have to do some exercise , and i want to do some exercise . 
  i will search for more gyms , and if i ca n't join one with a squat rack , i 'll probably just go with this one and see what 's what , probably for a few months , but now i do n't know what to think about the smith machine and will probably do goblet squats until i can lift the maximum dumbbell weight there easily . 
  this ends here !, 
  it 's michael jackson in his earlier years !, 
  ah , so fake . 
  i always like these threads and get very excited because i can read and see if i 've have ever been hit on . 
  i get like 2 out of 3 or 4 .
