  on the first game , i knew annie , but have n't played with her for a while and a lot , so i went 9/5 with less than 200 cs . 
  not bad , did n't die , could 've died less though . 
  lost the game anyway . 
  second game - fucking 419 cs . 
  what the fuck . 
  never in my 2 months of intensive league play i did that . 
  went 9/8/5 . 
  very bad in terms of kd ratio . 
  to improve cs i did n't focus on warding . 
  i also was n't present in many team fights . 
  we won the game . 
  few games later , i went 21/7/8 . 
  i think the game was carried by me . 
  two games later , i did a quadra kill . 
  never did that . 
  i noticed something . 
  i was getting more afraid of how i moved . 
  if i had to go from mid to dragon or bot , i would n't go through river like i 've been doing for the past few months , i would go through jungle , over blue . 
  afraid of getting good caught and die . 
  same when coming back . 
  can this actually be called improvement , or am i just afraid of feeding ? 
  is that what better positioning and map awareness means ? 
  in team fights , i was n't engaging unless the tank was there or i knew i could one shot in a 1v1 situation with the whole combo . 
  i was waiting for my front line to do something before being dumb and flashing tibers to their front line . 
  next few games , i made a lot of mistakes , i died a lot , i did n't cs a lot because a lot of team fights were occurring in my lane and i could n't combine both csing in a lane with 10 people . 
  i used my ult on a fizz before he used his e. stupid shit that i need to be more aware next time . 
  over extending in lane is another thing . 
  if i get a kill , i either go tower or cs more and then get ganked . 
  not sure if i 'm improving with the map awareness and how i treat the map and how i move so i do n't die stupidly or i just had a few lucky games with a simple champ . 
  as you can see on my op.gg , i won a few games and then lost again . 
  so not sure , but excited anyway . 
  annie mid main now . 
  [ removed ], 
  i started playing november , so a little over 2 months ago . 
  i started as a support , but then moved onto main mid and played leblanc and lux . 
  i peaked at silver iv . 
  i did the placements for season 7 and i ended up bronze v. i climbed onto silver v . now i 'm being shielded from being demoted . 
  i am now taking this 100 % serious , i 've gotten some advice on playing with annie to learn the game . 
  in the first few games with annie , i crushed everything . 
  on the second game i had 400 + cs , never had that happen before . 
  i had two quadra kills yesterday and the day before that . 
  i won 4-5 games in a row and got almost to 90lp , but now i 'm back again to shit . 
  i learned about trading yesterday . 
  i crushed a katarina today with only autoattacks , we won that game . 
  however on a second game today vs a katarina i was crushed by her . 
  is it reasonable to say that 2 months of league are n't enough to climb out of silver ? 
  i was aiming for gold until the end of 2017 , but at this rate i wo n't climb out of silver v. 
  it seems that now with annie i just go into autopilot again and play like i used to before hoping to improve . 
  i 'm really fucking sad because i 'm devoting 10h + a day to league in hopes to improving . 
  i 'm reading and watching youtube videos on what to do and how to improve , etc. 
  but jesus christ i am fucking shit . 
  ca n't seem to find any outside body differences between the 2016 and 2017 m4 on the internet . 
  i 've read that there are going to be some , but ca n't find pictures . 
  only know that new idrive and adaptative suspension are going to be default . 
  but what about the body ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've tried googling it , but the only info i find is from posts 4-5 years old . 
  anyway , is it possible to mirror my android cellphone , samsung galaxy s6 edge , onto idrive ? 
  it would be cool to go to mcdonald 's and eat while watching netflix or youtube . 
  thanks . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm assuming the classic ones should be the ones to buy as a beginner . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i met this girl through my cousin . 
  we went out all together in a big group to a car show . 
  i did n't talk much to her actually , but i added her on facebook because my cousin told me to wish her a happy birthday . 
  i did . 
  she replied to me saying she was surprised i remembered her and sent me those cute :d ;p smiles . 
  i did n't say that much to her because i knew she was very friendly to everyone . 
  we exchanged four messages in four days . 
  a week goes by and i invite my cousin out and he sends me a screenshot of a conversation between him and her where she says she `` really does n't mind going out with me . 
  '' , and also invites me to her birthday dinner happening next night . 
  i took this as a big fucking hint that she was into me . 
  we three go out , and every time i try to make her laugh , she playfully slaps me or hits me . 
  another big fucking hint that she is into me . 
  we drink a bit at a bar , and i sit beside her . 
  she still playfully slaps me when i crack a stupid joke , and when she talks about her job in the army , sometimes she puts her hand on my leg , close to my crotch . 
  yeah , another hint . 
  but i think she really is friendly to a lot of people and just very touchy . 
  so whatever . 
  at the end of the night , she pays for my drink and gives her number to my cousin . 
  i do n't take it because he was the one that asked and i do n't want to seem desperate in saying `` well , if you 're giving it to him , i 'll save it as well . '' . 
  we get out of the bar , go home , and we kiss on the cheek goodbye , we 're european . 
  next day on her birthday dinner , she arrived really late , making 7 other people wait an hour . 
  when she arrives she asks me a question about where are all the other people . 
  i cold shoulder her because who the fuck makes almost 10 people wait one hour when you had something scheduled . 
  i sit beside her during dinner , tried to crack a few jokes , but she had already started 50 % ghosting . 
  shit escalated , she had to go out mid dinner for some stupid shit she never explained . 
  was out for almost 2h when i got fucking pissed because she made people wait again , so me and my cousin leave . 
  i send her a text next day . 
  and then the ghosting started . 
  she never replied , but replies to my cousin . 
  i 'm assuming i did something wrong in all of this , or she 's a bit crazy for never actually texting me , asking me to go out and just ghosting me . 
  ** tl ; dr : girl ghosts me after going out three times with me . 
  more details in the wall of text . 
  it 's not a lorde song , but it sounds really cool . 
  i 'm assuming it 's tycho , but shazam shows nothing . 
  i just became a fan this year of league of legends , and i was looking forward watching the finals in person . 
  ca n't find any information about the eu finals though .
