  after the play is over , i got very good feedback , my cast mates telling me that theire families really loved my performance , a female cast mate told me that her mother-in-law , that usually does n't like anything , liked my performance , and the best compliment i had was the a parent of another female cast mate asked her if i was a professional actor , i 've got the best compliments and i would really like to do something in this area ( theatre / tv / film ) as anything really ( actor / director / producer ) , but since my country is so small and the industry sucks , i do n't really know what to do . 
  what situation are you talking about ? 
  the industry situation ? 
  it sucks . 
  there are no tv shows , only soap operas , 2 or 3 portuguese , the others are imported soap operas from brazil . 
  film industry sucks , if anyone wants to do a movie , they have to ask for sponsors to the tv channels and other companies . 
  theatre barely gives money to live . 
  about going to usa , i do n't have the typical stereotypical american beauty , nor do i know if i have traits of an american face . 
  i only know 2 portuguese people that really made it there , which are daniela ruah from ncis : los angeles and joaquim de almeida , you can see him in fast five , and the last one has a stereotypical latino face which only gets him bad guys roles . 
  so , i really do n't know what to do . 
  i really do n't want to spend the only life i have doing things just to survive or be unhappy with a 9 to 5 job , just because i need to earn money to eat , but oh well , everyone does it , it 's life . 
  yes , he did * that * . 
  forever alone applies here . 
  i regret nothing !, 
  i ca n't create chars . 
  500g / 1000g ? 
  is it enough ? 
  pm me for email and password and pics of chars . 
  characters . 
  jesse eisenberg and kristen stewart in the same movie , oh the irony . 
  i want someone to create me some chars on my account for me to level them . 
  i will give you gold if you create my chars . 
  which were the former scarecrow boat . 
  pawnee 's # 1 band !, 
  i am asking for someone to create me a char for 1000g , not level it . 
  i will level it myself . 
  i have the money , we should both star in it , i want to be a blood elf paladin , a holy paladin , let me know what your idea is . 
  let me know what you have in mind . 
  if you know someone that is a look alike , you may not need to hire anyone , you just go to the class yourself , with a new laptop or the one you broke and if anyone asks you are the look alike and not you . 
  `` yesterday i did n't read reddit . '', 
  thanks , appreciated . 
  do you know any website with 2d models ? 
  what about ut99 dukucb3 ictfzp ? 
  try to replace the invalid canary with this [ one ] ( http://www.birdminds.com/canary.jpg ) . 
  let me know if it works . 
  i assume you are portuguese so this is for you , `` t\u00e1s fodido , n\u00e3o ganhaste por 1 , lol . '', 
  anyway , fuck . 
   it is always like this in real life, 
  ftfy, 
  not even once . 
  and cut !, 
  but then you wake up , and you realize it was just a dream , and that no one is taping you . 
  op should send this pic to fox news with the subject `` gaddafi seen outside my flat , he faked his own death . '', 
  you should wait a couple of hours , turn on fox news and laugh . 
  so if i rate me a 6 or 7 , i 'm like a 2 ? 
  so for me to be in the minimum scale of attractiveness i should be , in the cracked scale , a 20 ? 
  happy birthday dude , i 'm 19 , and i do n't even care about birthdays so , atleast mine . 
  thanks man , me too . 
  what is up me ? 
  man bat . 
  anyway , i do this too , shit happens in life . 
  and everybody hurts sometimes . 
  maybe your house is in iraq . 
  ** can i get some karma ? 
  in csi , did you meet anyone ? 
  how fast is the shooting ? 
  are you still acting and how did you started ? 
  how is david caruso as a person ? 
  i 've read that he was a bit arrogant and i saw some hate going towards him . 
  what was the episode you were in ? 
  any youtube link ? 
  can you link me to your sitcom web series ? 
  yes , i asked about david caruso , because i love horatio , but people seem to like to trash talk him , and i would just like to know from someone who has worked with / or knows him if he is really like people say he is . 
  if you find the clip , let me know , i would like to see it . 
  i saw the trailer , and i liked what i saw , nice work . 
  you directed this ? 
  how did you get the equipment / budget ? 
  yeah , it sucks . 
  you can change the realmlist from gb to us and enter the game . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  let me know if you can do it , message me and i will give you the details . 
  thanks . 
  i have been to create some toons for about 1 month now , and i 'm not able to do it because of ocd . 
  wtf ? 
  well , when i walk sometimes i have to jump when i have enter ah or any other thing . 
  i buy and delete gear from the vendors until i have no anxiety , ie : buy jp or honor gear , delete it , buy again , delete it , buy again , delete it , etc. 
  i open and close a lot of times the npc 's windows , ie : repair or buy anything . 
  i only buy certain amounts of food , if i need to buy , ie : instead of buying 15 , i buy 20 , 40 , or 100 . 
  if i have 19 for an example of food , i use the food until i get 15 . 
  yes , sometimes i have to cast a spell 2 , 4 or 5 times to make my anxiety go away . 
  but that part i have managed to control , if i 'm in a raid , i can more or less control it , if i 'm in a random dungeon i have to do it . 
  about the gear , i have already told in another comment , i buy and sell the gear until my anxiety goes away . 
  the character design is very crucial , since you will stick with that character for a very long time , and my ocd makes me think , that if i do n't create a character that i will like for a very long period of time , i would just get to 85 after days of leveling and will have to delete it , due to anxiety of not having created the `` perfect '' character . 
  aww . 
  i know reddit so well , that when i saw the title , i know what was coming . 
  she wants me to tell her a 10 second message , she listens to me , and answers after the 2nd beep . 
  she is a really good friend . 
  do you think so , man ? 
  yeah man !, 
  thanks , you made my day !, 
  i think i 'm going to call her again , just to hear her voice !, 
  thanks !, 
  * yes * :*( *, 
  are you still there ? 
  well , i do n't see it here , but what show are you in ? 
  i 've watched part 1 , and i prefered part 2 and 3 , do n't know why , maybe i lost a lot of the story due to not having good subtitles for the italian parts , which in the part 2 were very important . 
  english is not my first language also , so watching a movie without subtitles , makes me lose some words i do n't know , some american expressions and phrases , etc. 
  i really liked robert deniro 's performance in part 2 . 
  anyway , i think you should watch part 3 and make your own decisions and not follow what other people say .
