  i do n't know , i 've just read the 2nd comment saying this is just like some twilight fanfic . 
  poorly written and it sucks . 
  go back to snooki now . 
  from what i 've seen in interviews of her , she is just a 25 year old with a teenager mentality , she has n't matured yet . 
  and this comes from a 20 year old . 
  and yet , i do n't think she deserved to be punched . 
  25 year old with a teenager mentality , sorry . 
  i 'm not talking about not enjoying the silly things in life , i 'm talking about she being an immature 25 year old with a teenager mentality and not knowing how to behave in society . 
  i do n't agree with the punch either . 
   snooki the librarian on the sex channel . 
  hum hum . 
  i know what he was talking about . 
  everyone knows what he was talking about . 
  jesse , we need to blend . 
  i s\u01dd\u01dd \u028d\u0265\u0250\u0287 \u028eon p\u0131p \u0287\u0265\u01dd\u0279\u01dd, 
  but i need the organs . 
  you know , for money . 
  oh nice idea man . 
  how did not i remember that ? 
  waifu is different than animefu . 
  how do you blend your oats ? 
  i can always taste and feel the oats in the shake and it makes me feel sick . 
  i do n't like the taste or the feel . 
  what to do ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , if i get to 200lbs/210 , get fit , and stop for about a year , but mainting healthy lifestyle ( casual run , here and there , good meal plans ) how much will my body change ? 
  will i lose all that weight , and get back to 165lbs ? 
  will i get better facial aesthetics after i get fit ? 
  the website is http://louisck.net/ or https://buy.louisck.net/ , not http://louieck.net like it 's linked on op . 
  op , fix this !, 
  i was thinking in doing this , but with a text message . 
  send her a text message asking her out , and then after sending the message , instantly send her another message saying , `` oh , sorry , wrong number . '', 
  texting is probably more appropriate . 
  i do n't know . 
  nothing , i 'm just going to grow a bra . 
  it is n't that foolproof if she does n't instantly replies . 
  imagine if i send her the text today and she only replies tomorrow , what will i say then ? 
  `` oh , sorry , you took so long to respond , i meant to send the message to another person . '', 
  if i really had to ask her out , i would do it personally , i would joke around a bit and then ask her . 
  yet , i have n't seen her in a couple of weeks , and i probably wo n't see her again , so i do n't really care anymore , i was just reddit joking . 
  mind tricks . 
  watched that movie yesterday in the television . 
  jesus fucking christ , anthony hopkins , what a great performance . 
  and jodie foster aswell , but , she is , so , cute . 
  i like her . 
  no cristiano ronaldo . 
  the pressure was too much . 
  yet , very nice game , and portugal played it well , until the last 15 minutes . 
  congratulations spain . 
  too much pressure . 
  ca n't understand why he did n't go earlier , well , i hope spain wins the euro . 
  that 's why i wo n't follow my dream . 
  i would n't probably have strength enough to go on with life if i failed . 
  well , i do n't really care much about soccer , i do n't watch the league matches , nothing , the only thing i care sometimes is the national team . 
  also , who cares if they lost ? 
  the game is over , now they are going to their 10 bedroom houses , while riding they porsches , and having irina shaik 's as their girlfriends . 
  i do n't have a problem with mila kunis . 
  a fun fact . 
  to her pictures . 
  probably i would say hugh laurie on house and bryan cranston in breaking bad . 
  also , ty burrell as phil dunphy . 
  probably i would say hugh laurie on house and bryan cranston in breaking bad . 
  also , ty burrell as phil dunphy . 
  what was the starting weight for you ? 
  it 's my first time reading , and the book has 800 pages . 
  i want to read a game of thrones , but maybe i should start with something with 90 % less pages , maybe . 
  i 'll give it a try again , because i really do want to read all of these . 
  i had a gift certificate for amazon , so i decided to buy some books , do n't know what is the problem about that . 
  also , i know the pages because when searching for a book on amazon , it says the pages it has , so i knew how many pages a book had before having it in hand , but yes , i opened the book when i got it to see how many pages it really had . 
  i wanted game of thrones because i watched the tv show , and wanted to know what other things they left out . 
  i do not make it a task , i already said i enjoyed reading yesterday , i was just asking if my distraction has hapened to other people . 
  thanks for the tips though . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  thanks , will start with harry potter today then . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i have harry potter and the philosopher 's stone , i 'll start today reading it . 
  oh shit , i laughed so much when i saw that scene . 
  i watched the season 3 finale yesterday , fucking awesome !, 
  just because he did it . 
  op , just let the kid discover things on his own . 
  6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , going to start thursday . 
  i hope i can go to 180lbs in a month . 
  what was your calorie intake ? 
  jesus fucking christ dude . 
  if you drink two shakes per day , it 's a jar per day . 
  how much does that cost to you ? 
  in my country a jar goes up to 6 $ of 400g . 
  and our monthly income is ~ 550 $ . 
  i can make those salads , but eating that everyday will be difficult in the long run , and eating soup wo n't be . 
  those lunch sandwiches , how many calories ? 
  i tend to eat a lot of bread everyday , like 2 or 3 whole bread and 2 to 4 slices of sliced bread , i do n't know the calories . 
  that link just described me . 
  i did n't mention peanut better because it 's 6 $ a 400g jar , and i do n't have that kind of money to buy peanut butter every single day or two in two days . 
  i read somewhere that 250ml of lentils soup is 325 calories . 
  yes , 250ml of lentils soup is 325 calories , i think it 's great for bulking , i do n't know about protein , i should get it in another way . 
  i saw the lentil soup here , thanks , but i do n't know how much is a serving , in ml . 
  thanks . 
  another redditor linked me to [ this ] ( http://vegetarian.about.com/od/soupsstewsandchili/r/lentilsoup.htm ) . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , was doing a bit of research , and yeah , fuck the smith machine .
