  it 's weird , but what can i do . 
  the only person i know that would enjoy this , is the girl i 'm fond of at the moment , which is hard to talk to her , because we are always in class and whatever , she even likes the godfather , so that 's fucking awesome . 
  i have never met anyone that shared the same interests as me . 
  and yeah , i already thought about getting rid of my `` friends '' . 
  they are shitty people and have never visited me when i moved city , we are like 15 miles away from each other but they are always complaining that they do n't have any money to come here , while i waste 30 $ in gas every time i would visit them , so fuck them . 
  yet , finding another people , i 'm a sap , so that 's hard , and even though , it 's even way harder to find someone with the same interests as me , only if i joined a film school . 
  oh yeah , it 's hard sometimes to enjoy it , not because you do n't like what you are doing , but because you want to share what you are feeling , the satisfation you are having at the moment with another person and you ca n't . 
  that sucks , but you always have reddit . 
   quick warning that might be unnecessary : a lot of people like the godfather . 
  i 'm careful about meeting people who know a few directors ' names and confusing them with people who deeply care about film , so just be careful about that . 
  yeah , she did n't know pulp fiction . 
  there are no clubs in my city , since it 's a `` small '' city , and i 'm not an american , it 's a small european country that americans do n't like . 
  and the only `` club '' i knew about , was a theatre thing , which i was , in which we did a play and i was the lead role . 
  so i 'm quite aware of what 's going on in here . 
  and last year i struck out into the unknown , i have anxiety and going on an audition and get to know all those people made me realize how much of a sap i am . 
  this relocation made me lose most of the contact of my friends , yet with this relocation i saw how real my friends are so it is n't bothering that much at the moment , i wish it bothered me less , but i try to care a little less every day . 
  i ca n't relocate because i 'm living with my family and having a house of my own it 's very difficult with the minimum wage here . 
  it 's about wrestling between a brother and a sister . 
  reddit is so retarded these days , that i looked at a tittle of a frontpage circlejerk post and i thought it was an askreddit post . 
  i humped a pillow , is she pregnant ? 
  or am i ? 
  why ? 
  is that a problem ? 
  that 's nasty !, 
  i have never told this anyone , and now i 'm telling reddit . 
  i 'm 20 , and my sister is 16 . 
  we almost never talk , and if we talk is to ask `` how was the test in school ? '', 
  or to talk about something that is on tv or about a film . 
  she does n't talk that much to my dad aswell , i do n't know why does this happen , but oh well . 
  it 's like there is a little of awkwardness or shame in talking to us , and i ca n't understand why this is . 
  when i was in college for a week she came to talk to me on msn . 
  when we said goodbye she sent me an '' < 3 '' on msn . 
  it was cool . 
  you 're right , i have n't met the right girl yet . 
  i 'm not the typical bro that likes to hang out and go to clubs and drink alcohol and then throw up and high five his friends and tell the girls what he has done the night before . 
  i prefer to stay at home , eating a pizza and watching a film . 
  or if i have to go out , i like to go to a quiet place where i can have a good conversation , not to a bar where i have to talk like this and have to say what a couple of times before understanding what the other person said . 
  this is also because of my friends are all the things i said above , like to go to bars and clubs and drink and all that shit . 
  i 'm not . 
  i like to stay inside . 
  and then make a movie named chronicle . 
  nah , she 's not like that . 
  she argues with my mom and talks with her . 
  but not with us . 
  jesus , how the fuck do we think the same ? 
  i have been getting good grades in biology just because of common sense . 
  yet , i 'm lazy as fuck . 
  also , at chemistry , i 've learned to calculate some shit , like molar masses and whatever the fuck you calculate in chemistry , just by a 30 second explanation from a colleague . 
  but yeah , fuck the system . 
  guy berryman from coldplay . 
  my favourite bass player . 
  a few years ago , i stopped hanging out with them , and i said to them , `` well you go to the clubs just to pick up chicks , i thought we were hanging out together , so i 'm not going to go out with you again . '', 
  never did . 
  also , because my self-esteem is not that good and i ca n't pick up chicks at bars . 
  but yeah , staying inside is better . 
  several happy endings . 
  i want a dog . 
  a 16 year old girl said i have a baby face . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  * snap that shit nigga . 
  `` enjoying life '' can expand to a lot of things . 
  my way of enjoying life is to sit down , watch a film , or have a nice conversation with someone . 
  my friends are different than me . 
  we used to have the usual 4am talks about deep things and whatever , we all had a deep conversation sometime in our lives . 
  they are different in the way of yeah , what you said `` enjoying life '' , they like to go out to clubs and drink and throw up . 
  this started to get worse when we all started to get licenses and driving , and that 's when i moved . 
  it made me realize that the people i thought were my friends , in fact have nothing in common with me , and at this point making new friends with the same interests as me is difficult , i do n't know why , but i 'm 20 , and i no longer have the patient to meet someone new . 
  if people do n't come talk to me , i wo n't go talk to them either . 
  it applies on girls too . 
  i can be attracted to a girl for like a year , i wo n't do anything about it , and will just let it fade . 
  that 's life . 
  and i 'm old . 
   i 'm not that good with kids anyway -- they make me really uncomfortable, 
  i know that feel . 
   `` if you 're going through hell , keep going . '', 
  this is so fucking deep . 
  i imagined myself going through hell with a sword like squall from final fantasy viii or tidus from final fantasy x and being fucking badass . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  am i still going through puberty ? 
  6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  edit : i am getting downvoted , but is n't this what yolo means ? 
  edit2 : a lot of people do n't know what it means . 
  * overacting *, 
  a monster cable !, 
  / * overacting *, 
  i commented because a lot of people do n't know what it means . 
  a guy and a girl fall in love , and then they break up . 
  she takes the daughter . 
  since i 'm 6 ' 4 , 165lbs , i kinda want to gain weight , and i 'm going to start lifting in a few weeks . 
  i need 3000 + calories per day to gain weight . 
  so i need 4500 $ per day to eat caviar or 54,48 $ to eat dense nutritional foods or 5 $ to eat candy . 
  well , i guess oats are probably cheaper , since 400g are like 60 cents , and it can give 1400 calories per 400g bag . 
  3 chicken breasts in portugal , 8 $ . 
  pretty expensive i may say . 
  chicken breasts are expensive aswell in here . 
  i think pasta is easier to eat than rice . 
  100gr of pasta is like a plate , 100gr of rice is like a pot or a pan . 
  whey is expensive , like 50 $ a 5lbs bag . 
  the rest , i think it 's pretty accessible to the minimum wage earner . 
  thanks , edited .
