  can anyone help ? 
  i bought a benq xl2411z for that 144hz refresh rate , but it seems i ca n't play 1024x768 stretched , as you can see in the image below . 
  as anyone fixed this yet ? 
  ** just tried launch options - freq 144 and it seems to work now . 
  ** issue : if you have 1920x1080 @ 144hz on your desktop resolution , and you switch to 1024x768 in game , the refresh rate will automatically go to 60hz , which will automatically set your 1024x768 resolution to have blackbars . 
  ** fix : set your windows resolution to 1024x768 @ 144hz , from 60hz , then you can switch again to native resolution . 
  do n't ask why , but it worked . 
  ** use - freq 144 on launch options . 
  ** after all this is done one time , you can delete the launch options and everything will work properly . 
  wondering about the salaries of pro players like nip , vp , fnatic , ldlc , etc. 
  does anyone have any information about this ? 
  i went from not playing cs : go to being master guardian ii in a few months . 
  i used to play an fps called unreal tournament 99 , quit to play wow , and now i play cs : go . 
  i start games very well , up until the 10th round i 'm top fragger of the team with a 5 frag distance sometimes , i end up the game being the last with the same frags i had in the 10th round . 
  i just start to get unfocused and miss all the shots . 
  i 'm a very anxious person , and it seems that being killed in the game gets boring after a while , and the waiting aswell . 
  does anyone else has this problem ? 
  i have these two teams . 
  my developer team that i will probably part ways due to being charged an insane amount of money for a wordpress website when i knew nothing about web development , which is saying that a betting website should be coded with php . 
  my developer friend whom says that nodejs is a lot more secure and a better technology to develop a website in . 
  please advise , as i want the best for my new website . 
  i already have all things setup . 
  i just want to choose the best technology to develop in . 
  me and my dad are finally going to jerez in a month and a few days , and i was looking at the tickets and there are the grandstands and the general admission areas . 
  what are the differences between those areas ? 
  do i need to buy 2 tickets ? 
  one for each to have the best experience ? 
  i have a 840 pro with the main windows , and i just bought a 850 evo to have my second windows . 
  i installed the second windows normally on the evo , i can go in , and install stuff , but after a reboot is done , it does n't ask me to which windows i want to go , and it goes always to the 840 pro windows . 
  if i want to use the new ssd , i have to unplug the old one . 
  it 's a pain , and i would like to do it via the normal way . 
  disabling the 840 pro in the bios wo n't do anything , as after the boot it will still go it . 
  any ideas on how to fix this ? 
  thanks . 
  i 've been doing this for the past few days . 
  is it not working ? 
  it seems fine https://www.codecademy.com/tracks/javascript-original, 
  hey ,, 
  we are looking for developers with web development experience , from data management to user interface ( full stack ) . 
  we want the candidates to be preferencially experienced with soft realtime and websockets systems , that are able to apply this knowledge to html multiplayer games . 
  we are also looking for candidates that are able to manage their schedules , working remotely and independently , and colaborating with the rest of the team , online and when needed . 
  since the candidate will create the project from scratch , we let the candidate choose what technologies to use . 
  finally , we are looking for capable programmers that are able to adapt , not be dogmatic and extremely rigid on the technologies/platforms used . 
  send me a pm with your information , so we can chat on skype . 
  i stopped playing in mists of pandaria , just did the first few raids and found it boring , it was always the same stuff over and over . 
  dailies and griding to get x or y. 
  but i miss it so much !, 
  i miss my holy paladin from the wrath of the lich king expansion . 
  i miss pvp . 
  i miss fighting lich king and going through that raid . 
  i do n't know what to do anymore :(, 
  it 's my first mmorpg love , and i miss it . 
  i really hope so . 
  [ removed ], 
  remember when marquez went to shake lorenzo 's hand and lorenzo said no ? 
  lorenzo did n't give a shit about marquez a while back . 
  marquez is still young and naive and will make a lot of mistakes . 
  trusting and helping lorenzo was one of those , he is a puppet , because the next time lorenzo and marquez have to fight and battle for the championship , lorenzo wo n't be that good of a friend and he wo n't help marquez win anything . 
  marquez is a puppet and lorenzo is being smart . 
  rossi 's remarks about marquez helping lorenzo winning was just something lorenzo needed to have marquez on his side . 
  i 've seen so many people mispronounce his name . 
  there are only vip tickets for germany and the uk now , that are no where near the stage . 
  am i really this late for concerts that are 6-7 months away ? 
  since i was like 15 i was interested in acting , at 18 i did a play where the director said that people started studying the facial structure of hollywood actors because they all followed a pattern for television/film . 
  i called bullshit of course , because `` beauty is on the eye of the beholder '' , however i 've started noticing after that day the pattern of the facial structure of hollywood actors . 
  even actresses that hollywood considers ugly , amy schumer , lena dunham have that facial standard feature . 
  that 's where i came across [ the golden ratio ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/26/scientifically-beautiful_n_2741136.html ) , even if we think x or y person is not attractive , to the camera they are . 
  so , are there any other studies that confirm this ? 
  i became obsessed with this because i have no chin and i am most definitely camera ugly , and i have never seen an actor without a chin in front of a camera , or actually , an actor that is truly ugly , and i know that this is a visual medium , so why would ugly people be able to thrive ? 
  any other discussions like this around that i can read ? 
  what i mean is a lot of actors may not fit on the golden ratio , yet if you check all the actors , they all have a good chin and 90 % have a good nose , which is a must to not be camera ugly . 
  i have a shitty asus that turns my 100mb/s connection into 1mb/s . 
  need to buy a new one , recommendations are welcome . 
  my dad had a subaru impreza gt 4wd from 1999 . 
  is n't it considered a wrx ? 
  i 'm looking to buy a second subaru , this is just making me curious , because when i google subaru impreza gt 4wd and subaru impreza wrx from the same year , they look very much alike . 
  just wondering and curious . 
  i searched for some tickets a few weeks ago , but they were all sold out , or they were being sold for 350 $ + . 
  today she got me one , still expensive , but damn , i almost cried because she knows how much coldplay means to me . 
  they have helped me so much in the past 10 years that i 've listened to them . 
  front of stage !, 
  did n't cry because i was in a restaurant with my family , but was on the verge of tears . 
  this all seems like a dream . 
  i will probably cry when i see chris , jonny , guy and will in front of me in berlin . 
  just acquired a subaru impreza and i need a new head unit . 
  i have a volkswagen golf with an alpine head unit , and it sounds very good , would like to have something similar . 
  i 've been trying to get into programming for quite a while . 
  i 've done the javascript codecademy course and freecodecamp stuff up until factorialize a number , where i just lose all momentum . 
  it 's intriguing to me , programming , i like web , i would like to learn web , but goddammit , is n't it hard . 
  sometimes i look into code and i think `` this is awesome , i wish i could do something like this '' , then i checked a nested for loop exercise and i get sleepy and frustrated . 
  it 's been easier for me to learn how to play piano . 
  i 'm going to a concert in berlin and i want to go early so i can be one of the first at fos left , but i wonder how people who go really early manage to eat and go to the bathroom when waiting all those hours . 
  any tips ? 
  thinking about dropping that kind of cash into the project , but do you think any profit can be made ? 
  they just specify red carpet walks , filmmaking process and premieres . 
  my girlfriend is currently playing csgo at 15 fps and she is gold nova 3 , so i 'm sure if i get her a new computer , she will go pro , so i want to buy her a new computer . 
  she is german , so i will have to buy everything in germany , however , i think the computer below is overkill , i want to give her the best , but i 'm kinda jealous , this is actually better than my current computer . 
  i wanted to pay up to 1000 $ -1300 $ , but i just took these parts from logicalincrements and added my current monitor and this is what i came up with . 
  any advice would be great . 
  thanks .
