  and with the machines of course . 
  yet , i have to find if this gym where my cousin wants to go if they have a squat rack for ss . 
  if not , i will have to find a new workout plan to go with . 
  anyway , thanks for the clarification . 
  i want to have the best progress i can get , not some mediocre progress due to a gym that is not well equipped . 
  and i do n't want to experiment because i do n't have the money to fuck around . 
  i wanted to do ss , get bigger , stronger and get better aesthetics . 
  if this is n't possible in the gym my cousin has in mind , i will have to think about wasting my money on not so good workouts to have mediocre progress . 
  what other options ? 
  i 'm not an american , i 'm from portugal , and where i live the gyms fucking suck . 
  i could buy the things to do at home , but i do n't have the space . 
  i could do bodyweight exercises , but that 's it , bodyweight . 
  there are n't that many options regarding lifting here . 
  you know op , the reason the guy might have said no , it 's because when a hot girl talks to us , we think that she is mocking us due to having low self-esteem , and we just want to get out of there , to not get made fun of . 
  so , yeah that 's probably it . 
  i 'm a strong black woman who ai n't need no man !, 
  sure bro , your mother let me put a seal of approval on her ass also , last night . 
  yeah , get to know natalie portman , date her , cuddle with her while watching a film . 
  and be friends with johnny depp . 
  if you join your gif and op 's gif you get : funk !, 
  not my kind of music , but yet , very well made . 
  congratulations to your father , and good luck . 
  i will since today my cousin told me they have a 1 day trial to see if you like the gym and what not . 
  yeah , i will do it , they have a 1 day trial to check the gym and what not . 
  thanks . 
  nice !, 
   at worst , they 'll ask a bunch of questions and look at it themselves . 
  you 're a customer after all , do n't worry about being despised . 
  your cousin might be socially awkward or insecure , making remarks like this . 
  he is less socially awkward then me , but he is too afraid of people talking about him , he cares about appearances , a lot . 
  while , i 'm more introverted , and socially awkward , do n't care how the fuck i dress or how other people perceive me . 
  if i ask him if he wants to go out just to talk for a few minutes , he says he did n't took a bath that day and that is still in pajamas . 
  how long could it take to put on a pair of pants and a fucking shirt ? 
  none . 
  he really cares about appearances and worries that i would create a problem in the gym because `` i 'm the guy who thinks knows too much about lifting '' . 
   also not exactly recommendable , when you rest you get results , not from training alone . 
  i would n't be too surprised if he 'd run into trouble sooner or later . 
  thank you , i also wanted to check if there are any articles talking about this . 
  also , the problem is i 'm not an american , and in my country , or atleast in my shitty town , there is n't a good gym and never was a good gym in a 20 mile radius . 
  the last one i went had like 5 machines and a bench press , no squat rack , and it was fucking small . 
  most gyms will have a squat rack available . 
  ask before hand , as well as any other stuff you might need . 
  i will , thanks . 
  i am 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs , so i wanted to do ss , since i 'm probably weak as fuck now , and want to gain weight , probably to 200lbs , yet i might need to change ss to another thing after a few months , since ss is what it says starting strength , also be aesthetic . 
  yet , my concern here is that people could see me as arrogant due to me declining their workout plan not correcting my form and i get an injury . 
  i 'm not paying the trainer , the gym assigns a trainer to each person and the trainer will create a plan according to what you want to do . 
  i think , i 'm not sure , but i think that my cousin 's friend is losing weight , yet my cousin said that his friend has his biceps stronger , so whatever , but i do n't think that even people that want to lose weight workout for 2h a day , everyday of the week . 
  anyway , you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i know i had another thread , yet , i got an update today , and this is what happened today , when i talked to my cousin , just wanted to see what people would say again . 
  anyway , sorry and thanks . 
  fuck yeah , you 're right . 
  i 'll do the 1 day trial to check the gym out , and if it 's good i 'll sign and do ss . 
  i just hope this gym has all i need , otherwise , fuck this , i 've read on the faq that machines may create muscle imbalances . 
  and , i wo n't quit because i 'm thinking about doing this for so long . 
  fuck being skinny . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  thanks . 
  hhhhhhgggggggnnnnnnnnnnnnn !, 
  `` everybody lies '' - house, 
  heart attack, 
  this is probably the cheapest and the one with better equipment . 
  you dead bro ? 
  i have n't read anywhere this , so i 'll ask here , the starting weight on the lifts , it was you that chose them ? 
  anyway , good progress , i 'm 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs , want to gain weight aswell , by the way , how many meals do you do per day ? 
  and what do you eat ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's okey , it stopped leaking . 
  ( pronounced `` ohkay '' ), 
  because of all the girls that want to meet him , because he won all those ipads , he decided to use a different font because yeah , it 's his lucky day . 
  but you know , elizabeth is a better actress than both of you . 
  i 'm using chapstick since i 'm 11 . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  sloths seem like they are always high . 
  edit : accidentally a word . 
  thanks . 
  i have ocd aswell , not as bad as the people in the show and not as bad as yours , but fuck , the anguish , the fear of those people , i just can relate so well , please watch , it made me feel a little better sometimes due to them overcoming their fears . 
  watch chad , that guy , there are no words , i 'm glad he is cured now , one time he had a compulsion that lasted 9h . 
  i know a lot about actors , not their lives , but their careers , because i love film / tv , filmmaking , etc. 
  this does n't count right ? 
  because he is johnny fucking depp . 
  my ex never did the whole touch and shit , we just talked , and kinda trash talked in a friendly way . 
  the girl i 'm fond now at the moment , atleast the few conversations i had with her , she leans to me , like she turns her whole body to me and gives me attention , smiles a lot , makes fucking intense eye contact . 
  atleast she used to , since i have n't talked to her in about a month . 
  and we are in the same class every day . 
  but , the way she is to everyone , does n't seem to me that she is actually attracted to me or likes me , because if she was , we would have a good time . 
  sap . 
   i eat a lot, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' 165lbs . 
  i thought i ate a lot aswell . 
  i do n't . 
  i need atleast 3000 + calories to gain weight . 
  how many do you eat per day ? 
  eating 3 meals a day + breakfast does n't say much , since you can only eat 1 bagel with something and a glass of milk and that wo n't give you that many calories . 
  try to count your calories , and try to get atleast 3000 + per day , and see if you gain weight during a week . 
  if not , add more 500 calories to the 3000 that you are already eating . 
  i never caught her looking at me either , so . 
  what 's really the difference ? 
  can you define higher quality ? 
  i 've been eating the normal oats and they seem fine , as long as they have calories and protein .
