  because i do n't believe it does . 
  missingno ? 
  my first time , i always had a boner even if i just looked at the girl , when i looked at the condom , my brain started `` oh shit it 's now , it 's happening !, 
  '' , and then the condom also took most of the sensation out , and i lost it a few times . 
  it 's fucking heart breaking . 
  i think the condom has a negative effect . 
  if i saw a condom , i got a bit more nervous , not heart racing or something like that , but maybe in my brain . 
  if i were to have sex without a condom , everything would be fine . 
  your , the man , a russian pilot , named your . 
  amen indead . 
  i 'm going through something with my girlfriend , and this album came in the right time . 
  the album is probably `` inspired '' by chris 's and gwyneth paltrow 's breakup , so atleast i can share his pain and know that there are other people in the world that are going through the same as me . 
  the difference between the 3ds and the 3ds xl is only the size right ? 
  jesus christ , i 'm really craving some pok\u00e9mon . 
  if i get a 3ds/3ds xl , am i able to play gba sp games ? 
  being portuguese , that hurts . 
  yeah . 
  a girl that i once knew and she knew i only listened to coldplay said that coldplay only made depressing music . 
  i told her i do n't care , and that i cry while listening to coldplay . 
  fuck it . 
  amsterdam is beautiful . 
  i thought it was a hidden track . 
  it 's so beautiful . 
  you need to wait 2 minutes . 
  yes . 
  ^ if ^ you ^ only , ^ if ^ you ^ only ^ say ^ yes, 
  do you think the church bells are a reference to marriage ? 
  this song would mean something different in my relationship with my girlfriend . 
  * guitar strum *, 
  hello, 
  * jonny starts the song *, 
  thanks a lot steve , for having us back . 
  uh , everyone 's here and we 're ready and we 're gon na go right now , and this is called spies . 
  * jonny starts the song *, 
  i have a lot of versions of spies , i fucking love spies . 
  fucking hell , that was creepy as fuck . 
  can someone link the other eras lyrics ? 
  thanks . 
  clearly i remember, 
  what ? 
  how do i not know about those two songs ? 
  and i thought i had everything from coldplay . 
  such a rush to do nothing at all, 
  such a fuss to do nothing at all, 
  such a rush to do nothing at all, 
  such a rush to get nowhere at all, 
  such a fuss to do nothing at all, 
  such a rush, 
  and it 's just like you said, 
  it 's just like you said, 
  such a rush to do nothing at all, 
  such a fuss to get nowhere at all, 
  such a rush , such a rush, 
  and it 's just like you said, 
  it 's just like you said, 
  so slow down please, 
  just slow down, 
  so slow down please, 
  just slow down, 
  such a rush [ x15 ], 
  look at all the people, 
  going after money, 
  far too many people, 
  looking for their money, 
  everybody 's out there, 
  trying to get money, 
  why ca n't you just tell me ? 
  trying to get money , rush, 
  such a rush, 
  we all rush, 
  such a rush, 
  such a rush [ x6 ], 
  paradise was going to be a song to `` sellout '' . 
  it was written for a reality show like the voice , but they liked the song so much , they kept it . 
  that 's correct . 
  i heard it on the howard stern show . 
  is this about jorge lorenzo ? 
  that front brake , oh god . 
  i 'm sorry , i understood nothing of what you said . 
  perhaps i need to study this , so i know what to talk about . 
  thanks . 
  oh shit , that was fucking awesome . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i never knew about the thumbrake , that is some nice technology . 
  yeah , the repsol honda cbr 600rr , it 's fucking beautiful , but it 's different than the motogp one . 
  yeah , i do n't see it . 
  maybe it 's just skill ? 
  `` thanks for being here . 
  i mean , thanks for ... '', 
  ah , that was fucking awesome !, 
  fucking chris !, 
  i do n't know if at peace is the best one , you know that he says `` maybe one day i can fly with you . 
  '' , he 's still hoping that he will be with her , so after o is done , `` do n't ever let go '' comes in , as in `` do n't ever let go of the one thing that connects us both . 
  '' , since the lyrics on the paper written by chris is `` o , do n't ever let go '' , it probably means something like that , or maybe i 'm just going through stuff and i feel chris ' pain and relate to it and think about it a little more . 
  and i 'm worried that i wo n't fit nicely on a 600 , because i 'm 6 ' 4 '' . 
  and the fuckers are like 5 '' , despite rossi being tall as fuck , i 'm still taller than but as the skinny as that italian masterpiece fack . 
  marquez could still win even if he used his feet as breaks . 
  if you did n't cry every episode from season 1 to season 2 , you have no soul . 
  or if you are interested in a girl , from the same song ,, 
  * if you love me , wo n't you let me know ?
