  she was was nominated for an emmy twice and was on twelve seasons of two and a half man , she never has to work again . 
  sorry , my bad . 
   benecio del toro by the way looks like he 's asleep 75 % of the time . 
  that made me laugh . 
   my best advice to you is to stop worrying about it . 
  alright man , thanks for the advice . 
  maybe i am too afraid of not making it . 
  i do n't know . 
  i now have money and i 'm unhappy as fuck because i realized that what i want to do for a living is almost unachievable . 
  and maybe losing weight . 
  i 'm now 100kg ( 220lbs ) due to eating a lot because of ocd medication . 
  i am also contorting my face to make my jaw look like that :p, 
  pushing it forward . 
  i have been told by dentists that the angle of my jaw is ok . 
  what do you mean , what do i think ? 
  look above , and see how i really look . 
  but yeah , i 'm thinking about traveling more this year . 
  i 'm ridiculously good looking aswell , i 'm a model . 
  we should be in movies . 
  how much is he making a year selling these ? 
   another thing is that because of not seeing any results in short term ( 2 weeks ) i end up giving up learning and start again several times in a year . 
  same thing as me , this is happening a lot . 
  i started in august or september , did the full codecademy javascript course , moved onto freecodecamp and stopped since stuff is too difficult . 
  this is c right ? 
  the marijuana one . 
  alright , thanks . 
  did n't know that . 
  i just started learning javascript , so i was hoping there was a js doom somewhere . 
  why is that ? 
  i 'm new to programming really , less than a week . 
  you serious ? 
  from what i 've seen so far javascript seems fun . 
  few colleagues told me to learn c # , no idea why that is though . 
  javascript seems cool , it 's the language of the web , and since i was a kid i always wanted to build websites . 
  thanks for the info dude . 
  batman part was actually pretty funny . 
  i like it . 
  thanks . 
  i actually have an idea for a multiplayer 2d game , but i think it 's better to hire someone to do it . 
  [ various sources ] ( https://www.google.pt/search?q=cristina+ferreira&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewin7e-v4azkahvfthokhzk7diwq_auibygb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955 ) . 
  what about `` the great gig in the sky '' ? 
  cable does n't really make sense . 
  i 'm trying to extend my router from my living room into my bedroom . 
  i have a asus rt-n12d1 and it 's shit . 
  i want something that picks up the signal of my router and sends it to my living room . 
  my internet router is very good , the range extender is n't . 
  so what i 'm getting is i need to dish the range extender , buy a wap , connect it to my internet router and then connect from my other computers to the awp , right ? 
  i have my isp router which functions very well and an asus rt-n12d1 . 
  the cable is n't the best option since the router is in my living room and i would need a very long cable to put it where the bedrooms are . 
  what are powerline adapters ? 
  what do they do ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  yeah , that 's it !, 
  do you think the view is cool even if i do n't get first row ? 
  talk to me !, 
  ^ ^ talk ^ ^ to ^ ^ me, 
  that mick jagger impression :d, 
  that mick jagger impression :d, 
  they did this drawing after casting her ? 
  and the homage they made to everyone . 
  plus beautiful day , purple rain , and then up & up . 
  when they started singing up & up , i just could n't handle myself and i fucking started crying . 
  my tears did n't . 
  they are gentlemen !, 
  yes , that 's when i lost it . 
  it just means so much that even if shit is happening , everything will be ok . 
  if you saw the same show as me , it was clearly a show meant for everyone . 
  the message was to bring everyone together . 
  the homage , beautiful day , purple rain and the end of up & up clearly shows that . 
  it was lovely . 
  i 've seen people hate on something like the scientist because `` it 's easy to play '' or has `` very few chords '' . 
  he probably cried a lot during his and gwyneth paltrow 's divorce , that 's why his voice is like that . 
  i get you though . 
  i think it was comedic , i kinda liked it . 
   game features :, 
   rich authentic customization . 
  build a car to reflect your character with extensive visual and performance customization options . 
  because your ride should look as good as it handles . 
  what 's this then ? 
  need for speed : underground 2 is back !, 
  coldplay - discography, 
  got promoted . 
  it 's kayden kross . 
  after i saw that i said `` end credits '' , it was . 
  i was so happy . 
  damn , so good . 
  what extended version ? 
  as far as i know , only two were released . 
   here is a glimpse of his bad side . 
  i do n't see a bad side . 
  he was defending his wife . 
  would n't you have done the same ? 
   assopra, 
  is not correct , it 's, 
  i 'm portuguese . 
  in portuguese portuguese , the best portuguese , it 's soprar . 
  maybe it is n't . 
  but i 'm really drawn to it for some reason , maybe it 's just a spectators sport for me then . 
  like i would like to develop my own music convertor/conversion website , since most of the websites i see are full of ads and shitty links . 
  some colleagues recommended me c # , maybe i 'll take a look into it .
