  when i 'm old , i might worry about that i am going to die soon , and a lot of things that i wanted to do i did n't do them and that i regret it . 
  yeah , that 's it , and i just shared it with reddit . 
  he just lost all the karma he had earn from making that jokes . 
  i do n't want to make any moves myself , so that 's maybe one of the problems . 
  the thing is i try not to look aswell or show any interest at all , because i know if i show too much interest , there will be no interest from her part . 
  or it will seem very needy or creepy . 
  to earn karma , a person do anything must . 
  social anxiety , no !, 
  no , she was not . 
  and what the fuck is this social protocol that men always have to take the first step ? 
  why ca n't girls just come to us and say that they like us ? 
  it would save me from a lot of anxiety and having my heart beating at 160bpm . 
  it happens to me every day . 
  in the end of the day , when i am in bed , just before sleeping , i rush through everything i said , especially to girls , i cringe and my heartbeat raises to 160bpm , thinking why have i said that , even though the only thing i said was `` hi , how are you ? '' . 
  my brain sucks , even the most simple thing i say makes me nervous and anxious , and makes me think if people mock me for what i have said . 
  nope , i do n't think so . 
  also , ocd . 
  well , since i got attracted to this girl , everything i say it 's evaluated every single time , every single day , and it makes me very uncomfortable , that when i am talking now , i talk very slow and i evaluate at the same time what i am saying , just to see if i do n't say anything wrong or awkward . 
  in the end of the day , even a simple sentence will make me cringe . 
  i try to think about that no one fucking cares about what i say or do , but my brain just keeps saying to me : `` oh everyone around you is talking about you and mocking you for what you have said and done , fuck you ! '', 
  there are some days that i even lose sleep hours because of this . 
  male here , but i would like to ask the female redditors , what about antonio banderas - the secret ? 
  i also have ocd linked to anxiety , so . 
  i do n't even have the courage to go to the doctor and tell them that i have anxiety and ocd . 
  my fight or flight response is always flight , i tend to get away from things . 
  ah okey , thanks for clarification . 
  well , i have been trying to combat it by myself , like when i 'm talking to a girl , just do normal eye contact , smile , and that whole shit , i have read on reddit , or that is a normal process for the normal day of a normal person . 
  and yet , when i open my mouth , i get so damn self-conscious that keeps me from sleep at night . 
  it 's comforting to know that there are people like me and you out there , it 's also not comforting to know that we are feeling this way and we are suffering from it , which makes me sad . 
  maybe we are the same person . 
  i tend to do it every day , last time i talked to the girl i 'm attracted to , i have spent time thinking `` omg , why did you said that ? '', 
  but always trying to combat the urge to think about it and making a big deal out of it . 
  it 's hard , but you should try it aswell . 
  i am alone . 
  where i live now the only thing that i could do is , or gym or swimming . 
  i kinda need to gain 44lbs , since i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and weight only 154lbs , but it 's very expensive to pay for a gym , and the pool is kinda far from my house . 
  i 've read about someone taking ssri 's and they said they were n't the same after taking them , they would just not care about anything , and when they stopped taking them they were back to normal and have a good life . 
  i do n't know what is that . 
  probably ai n't gon na happen . 
  my brain is telling me that if i talk to her , she will talk to her friends about me , her friends will look at me and laugh at me . 
  that 's it . 
  no money . 
  i 'm in portugal , doctors are free , or if not , we pay a not more than 4 $ or 5 $ fee to see one , so it 's cheap . 
  i am thinking in going to the doctor for about a year , anxiety almost made me flee from a play i was doing and i was a lead role , but i made me deal with this all by myself without help of nobody , which in fact is fucking stupid . 
  i should say something to her . 
  maybe not . 
  why ? 
  are n't women fighting for equal rights and treatments as men ? 
  louis , i have nothing to ask you , i just wan na say i fucking love you , and i fucking love your performances . 
  thank you and fuck you . 
  i would like to go to film school or a acting school and learn everything about acting , film and tv industry . 
  work as an actor , director , producer and writer . 
  my country does not have a good film industry , so maybe go study in the usa and see what 's what . 
  sir , yes , sir !, 
  that happens to me aswell , but if i 'm attracted to a girl and we talk on daily basis and i want to date her , if i see my phone buzz , i 'll fucking insta-reply that shit . 
  voted community , but i hope parks and recreation gets votes aswell . 
  dakota fanning, 
  has the shit hit the fan ? 
  i do n't know if this counts as unusual or socially unacceptable , but when i 'm hearing music on my phone with my headphones on , i like to play air guitar , air bass , air piano and air drums . 
  fuck everyone who is around me . 
  some time ago , like one or two weeks , i had just entered the class room and sat in my chair , i was fucking rocking air piano , a girl was looking at me , i looked her in the eyes as i was continuing to play the piano and said `` what ? '', 
  and she said `` i was just observing '' , and i continued playing . 
  that shit makes me feel that i am part of the band and that i am there playing the song with them . 
  i think she and bill hader are the ones saving snl . 
  some weeks , it 's just so boring and the sketchs are not funny , but those two can save it every week . 
  stefon always make me cry from laughter , and it makes them cry aswell , he ca n't stop laughing when he is stefon on weekend update . 
  nope , i am not . 
  at the moment , i am listening to coldplay live 2003 , everything 's not lost and amsterdam , so piano and bass at the moment . 
  she then came over to ask me what i was listening , i said coldplay , she said something i could n't quite hear , because i was listening to coldplay and then she left . 
  she is pretty though and i would hook up with her . 
  i do n't dance . 
  and i play the `` air instruments '' in my pocket , i only do it visible to others when i 'm sitting in my chair in my desk , otherwise no one sees it . 
  sometimes i do some falsetto shit , like `` oh ah ah yeaaaaaaahhhh !, 
  '' , but oh well , i just really like coldplay . 
  niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice . 
  can you play wonderwall ? 
  yes , good times . 
  hearing music seems like to creative a shield or something around me , i walk with more confidence and i do n't really give a fuck to whatever is happening around me , if a plane crashes in front of me , i would just keep listening to my music and just do n't give a fuck . 
  yet , i am a socially anxious person . 
  i am like this , for about one month now , i see this girl everyday , but ca n't act . 
  too many questions , too much anxiety . 
  she is cute and intelligent , what if i say something that is n't smart ? 
  jesus fucking christ , i watched this clip , just fucking laughed so much , have n't seen it in about 6 months , this shit is so funny . 
  they have n't done anything that i liked since justin timberlake . 
  yesterday , i peed 3 times in 1 hour , fuck this shit of drinking water before going to bed . 
  thank you very much everybody , and we 'll see again one day , take care , god bless you , goodbye . 
  for women : it is okey for you to make the first move , instead of waiting for us , men , to do it . 
  matt david ? 
  well , i only know who ben affleck is . 
  fuck you , i love them . 
   no person is ever worth the amount of emotional trauma . 
  but we , men , are ? 
  that is a complete joke , woman . 
  til there are actors in movies . 
   douchebag guitar player, 
  oh oh play wonderwall, 
  but then at night , you remember her again and you start to imagine things again . 
  i thought he did n't had time to play the guitar , since he works at the banana stand . 
  he quit smoking some time ago , maybe less than a year , he used to smoke . 
  i miss dexter 's laboratory the most .
