   she will be trying to make eye contact with you and smiling . 
  yes . 
   he will have her body turned and leaning towards you, 
  yes . 
   she will probably be playing with her hair or a necklace or touching her neck/collarbone, 
  ca n't remember . 
   she will find excuses to touch you . 
  the biggest green light is if she puts her boobs on you . 
  ca n't remember or no . 
  so , i get excited and then disappointed . 
  and i think i am the most observing person in the world . 
  i 'm out of high school and i still do this , play world of warcraft . 
  nah , i do n't agree with this , or do not agree with this because i would n't have the courage to do it , and you are creating a stereotype around girls and we already have this conversation on reddit . 
  we should n't always go talk to you , you should talk to us aswell . 
  i do not want to find an excuse , but this shit really put me off , 4 gyms no one has a fucking squat rack , what the fuck ? 
  i went to a gym with my dad that said `` you will have a plan by a pt and you are not allowed of doing recreational work . '', 
  ie : doing my own workout plan . 
  i just wanted to fucking punch the guy in the fucking face and say `` fuck you , i do what i want !, 
  '' , people that were there lifting , skinnier then me , what a fucking joke that was . 
  i read that leg press can fuck up your back aswell , not as much as the smith machine , but can do it aswell . 
  yeah , four gyms , no squat rack , one of the people in one of the gyms said that no recreational workout was allowed . 
  wtf was that ? 
  i had to think in other things to not laugh in that guys face , fucking shit . 
  and when two receptionists in two different gyms , when i asked them , if they had the right equipment for compound lifts , she said they did n't even know what i was talking about . 
  but , sorry for the ranting , and thanks for the tips man , appreciated . 
  how does one balance on one legged squats ? 
  i ca n't even do one with no weight . 
  but the leg press , i saw this, 
   leg press . 
  same problems as the smith machine . 
  also : your pelvis can tilt back when going deep , causing lower back rounding and pain . 
  [ here ] ( http://stronglifts.com/squat-no-power-rack-steinborn-lift/ ), 
  my dad is cool with what i want to do , he went along with me because my sister needs some swimming lessons and he went to see what are the best prices and other things . 
  the gym i went that the guy told me that having a plan of my own was n't allowed was the gym that only had machines , treadmills , eliptics , bicycles , no freeweight stuff , it was shitty , never seen a shitty ass gym like that . 
  i read that squat also worked a lot of muscles and core , i do n't know if leg press is the same . 
  also , my bad , i thought leg press was leg extensions , just googled it , and it 's not the same thing . 
  but anyway , the group of muscles in the leg press is n't the same as the squat or is it ? 
  i do n't know if the progress is going to be the same or not without the squat with free weight , i 'm starting , so i really do n't know . 
  the gym i went yesterday was by far the best , equipment , space , and the pt was cool , but his plan was shit , 3x15 on every machine and 3x10 curls with 10lbs dumbbells , wtf was that . 
  i asked for squats , deadlifts and bench press in the end of the workout , he said i could do them , i hope not in the smith machine , so will the 2 ~ 3 sets of 8 ~ 10 be good for someone who is trying to gain weight ? 
  i want a good overall body progress , not just biceps , i do n't want to be a curl bro , `` yocheckmybiceps '' . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs aiming 200lbs , and every time i saw a routine with sets of curls or other things , people would just get mad and say shit about it . 
  thanks , will do that . 
  thanks for the tips , appreciated . 
  if i was ever been hit on , i never noticed . 
  or maybe i was just never been hit on . 
  is this a thing ? 
  i 'm kinda confused about something . 
  there was this girl in my class that used to talk to me , intense eye contact and other shit . 
  she tried to talk to me a couple of times , but since i 'm a sap and wanted to give the vibe of `` i 'm not that interested '' , so she would keep interested , i kinda did n't showed enough interest on what she was doing , but fuck , i would really liked to have had hung out with her and something else . 
  so , last day of school , i 'm playing handball and she asks if she can join me , i say yes , she asks me to teach her how to play , whatever . 
  everything was fine , from the first day of class to the last day . 
  i tried to add her on facebook two times , none of the times she accepted me . 
  did she got mad because she liked me and because i 'm a sap and do n't know what to do , i did n't see what she was doing ? 
  or am i just creating things because i want to believe that she was into me ? 
  i get the smiling , but i never got touched . 
  why does this only happen to me ? 
  / overacting, 
  whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ? 
  i do n't get it , and i 'm an atheist . 
  can someone explain to me what should i expect from the images ? 
  also , i 'm european , and since the earlier comments seem to be about ramen , which i think it 's a type of pasta that exists on the usa , let me tell you , i never saw ramen in my country . 
  please explain . 
  should i ? 
  ah , i made a mistake , i thought ramen was other thing , i ca n't remember now , because i have n't slept in 24h . 
  i think something like mac and cheese brand . 
  but i 've already tried ramen because they actually sell them here , and it 's good . 
   how do i know if you 're interested , or just think that i 'm nice ? 
  with me , you probably would n't . 
  i 'm an introvert , if you do n't come talk to me , i wo n't talk to you . 
   i typically avoid eye contact and close off my body language , has not been working well so far . 
  i did this with the girl i was fond of in school . 
  ah , she now does n't even accept my friend requests on facebook . 
  she used to try to talk to me a lot , i just , yeah, 
   i typically avoid eye contact and close off my body language , has not been working well so far . 
  oh well , back to world of warcraft . 
  how are we supposed to react ? 
  i would probably just michael cera the whole situation . 
  well , sir , we are fucked . 
  you completely messed the entire thing to me . 
   if you try to get closer , she 'll back off a bit unconsciously . 
  never seen this happening . 
   if she just stares at you while talking , chances are , she 's just talking to you . 
  happened . 
   if she does n't smile much , she 's just talking to you . 
  she smiles . 
   if she 's flirting she 'll lean towards you , if she 's just being nice , chances are , she 'll lean back a bit , away from you . 
  no , she leans , like if she was very interested . 
  so 2 out of 3 . 
  what can i make out of this ? 
  the thing is now i ca n't know if she was into me or not . 
  i would do that , or just ignore you just so you could think that i 'm not interested , so that you could be more interested . 
  he 's like `` fuck you bitch . '', 
  op , i do n't know if you already saw this [ redditor ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/gnjvm/not_everyone_wants_to_lose_weight_gained_60lbs/ ) . 
  he is taller than you and me , i 'm also 6 ' 4 '' , but i 'm 165lbs . 
  i want to get aesthetic as ryan gosling or chris hemsworth aswell , but as you said , sometimes it seems that talking about lifting for aesthetics is taboo , i want to gain strength aswell , but getting aesthetic is the main goal . 
  anyway , that redditor is 6 ' 5 '' and i think it weights 210lbs . 
  so , i think it 's achievable . 
  and , since i was a very good athlete when i was younger , from 6 to 12 , i was a very good handball player , taking any kind of shit , ie : steroids to get bigger goes against what i believe . 
  if you ca n't do it natural , they you do n't do it .
