  as you can see , i 've won the last 4 of 5 games when i switched from annie to lux . 
  those games were also won using quick cast with no indicator . 
  i was able to pinpoint why i was dying too much . 
  i was n't playing the back lane and was engaging from the sides or flanking them while 1v3 trying to kill everyone . 
  my farm i think is better . 
  every game except for the trundle jungle game i had 150 + cs . 
  i missed some skillshots with the quick cast with no indicator , but i 'm getting used to it . 
  still do n't have ip 's for lissandra . 
  i watched the video and fly was just very calm when using the skills and knew how to save himself and when to cast . 
  any video guides or normal guides on how to play mid lane ? 
  what to do in mid lane ? 
  how to farm , trade , ward , etc ? 
  who should i watch to know more about mid lane ? 
  i am playing 10h a day and i want to improve faster . 
  i am already learning how to cs and ward better , however is there a specific set of videos or guides that go even more in depth of what is the clich\u00e9 all-around `` cs better , ward better '' guides , specifically for mid lane ? 
  i am actively looking for a 4s for my dad and wanted to listen to the engine to see if there are any imperfections , and how just how it sounded . 
  i did n't even ask for a test drive . 
  the guy straight up told me that if i wanted to listen to the car or do a test drive i had to pay for it because the car was perfect and in great state . 
  the engine was probably fucked it seems to me . 
  three was no one there . 
  i think it is mostly an excuse . 
  the engine was probably shit . 
  it was n't at porsche . 
  porsche has only treated us right . 
  i wanted to buy the new 718 cayman before knowing it was a 4 cylinder , and they let me and my dad drive it without any issues or supervision . 
  we 're previous customers though , so they already know us . 
  this guy was on a all cars dealership ( do n't know the proper name in english , not a native speaker . 
  ) , where they sell exotic cars . 
  did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  why is the m96 engine bad ? 
  i thought the engine was the same for the same models , the only differences were the facelift . 
  ah ok , thanks , we want to get a 4s , so that should be the m96 . 
  i was looking at a 997 4s . 
  why would n't he take me serious ? 
  i was there simply to buy a car . 
  yeah , too bad . 
  i 'm looking for a manual 4s for a very long time . 
  99 % of the 4s in my country are tiptronic . 
  our old 996 had an issue with the ims bearing but it was fixed though . 
  thanks for the info , did n't know the 997.1 also had the ims bearing issue . 
  unfortunately , the used car market here in portugal is very very bad in terms of porsche , it 's either tiptronic or pdk cars and we want a manual one . 
  and i would like to stay away from the new 991 's with turbo . 
  we want a n/a car . 
  i 'm 24 . 
  i was with my dad . 
  the guy was just a douche . 
  funny enough bmw and porsche treat me very well . 
  aston martin on the other hand did n't even send me a proposal for a car i 've went , saw and asked for a quote . 
  this was a used car dealership , porsche has been very nice and gracious to us . 
  one of the nicest experiences in terms of customer service . 
  i 'm glad they are like this in other parts of the world . 
  oh boy , that makes my blood boil . 
  glad you called the guy out , but sometimes i wonder if it is n't just better no not do anything at all and just keep letting people living in their ignorance . 
  we also called the guy out on the `` you need to pay before you turn the car on '' , which is stupid as fuck and some other stupid arguments . 
  i should have told him about the ims bearing issue , but i thought the 997 's already had that fixed . 
  glad i am not alone in these dealerships bullshit . 
  i do n't think it 's about confidence , it 's more about the sales person being arrogant , therefore we will take our money elsewhere and buy a car in a dealership or person that we feel that we wo n't get ripped off . 
  sure we could have for a test drive , however before even asking for anything he told us that if we wanted it we had to pay for it . 
  also , on every dealership i 've been to no one has ever declined turning the car on . 
  why are you spamming this comment ? 
  people sometimes come to reddit to get away from shitty daily stuff . 
  they just want cute stuff to watch . 
  and not just disasters and shit happening . 
  i know that some pugs have health issues , but that 's not the fucking point . 
  it 's a cute puppy . 
  just let people enjoy it . 
  not flex . 
  it 's solo/duo . 
  not flex . 
  it 's solo/duo . 
  ca n't read . 
  my bad . 
  my bad . 
  i 'm 24 . 
  almost 25 . 
  i started league actively two month ago . 
  i am playing 10h + a day or atleast 10 games a day . 
  this is what i do and can do for a while . 
  have you seen any pros that are past 25 years old ? 
  even if you say no , i will probably continue to play league and try to be good at it , maybe a pro even if i see any major improvements along this season . 
  what is the age cap to be a pro playing league of legends ? 
  is there a correlation where being young equals skill ? 
  or is that being young opens up more free time to play games while in school instead of working 9-5 and commuting daily or having a family ? 
  little did he know that 20 years later they would still be putting up with chris , but now they would be millionaires . 
  happy birthday !, 
  it seems vive is the way to go , as i have space , am an android fan and will be on the computer most of the time . 
  are there any cool games to play like mmorpg 's or fps or is it just the shitty picking up stuff demos that i 've been seeing here and there ? 
  damn , that would be awesome , but i think boring after a whileas i 'm a car guy and can have the same fun driving . 
  most likely that would be cool , but i was thinking something good towards mmorpg 's or fps . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'll take a look . 
  i think chris could actually be a good actor . 
  i 've seen him in a few things and i think he can pull it off . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't coach mid laners ? 
  however , my secondary role is jungle/support , so if you are available for coaching let me know . 
  i 'm bronze 1 from bronze 5 , started playing league in november just when season 6 ended . 
  i 'm now in promos for silver v. i main mid leblanc/lux , jungle vi/amumu . 
  i played a few adc games aswell . 
  i was thinking about that actually , but i do n't know when to build roa .
