  it was a joke . 
  but yeah , you 're probably right . 
  now we can never know , because i stopped playing at 11 . 
  at 17 , i came back to the same team , i was still the latest player in my age - range , 17 - 18/19 . 
  but yeah , no offence taken , but now we can never know if i would be that good . 
  the titanic sinks at the end ? 
  thanks asshole !, 
   i release my finger from the trigger , and then it was all over . 
  that quote stayed with me since i was like 12 . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  i 'm going to download it and play it !, 
  thanks !, 
  `` i 'm not the problem , you are , you crazy bitch , fuck you . '', 
  20 here . 
  movies/tv shows and bed . 
  i do n't even drink !, 
  `` so we both fell , wan na fell on top of me , or should i fell on top of you ? 
  well , here 's my number . '', 
  i get half the protein i have to eat just by driking 2 liters of whole milk . 
  what about the calories and protein that it has ? 
  i drink 2 liters of whole milk a day and i have half the calories and half the protein i should eat every day . 
  i am in portugal . 
  call the cops !, 
  so that 's why i have anxiety , depression and ocd . 
  it 's because i 'm intelligent . 
  the comfort you are talking about in depression and anxiety would get rid of you of the depression and anxiety we are talking about in general , if i 'm thinking the correct way . 
  if you are talking about `` when you pull back the skin of the world there are some disturbing things underneath . 
  '' , and we know that we are safe in our own lives , that we have a job and a family that cares for us , yes , we are probably safe and secure , and we have no reason at all for have this depression and anxiety or ocd . 
  as i have ocd , i know that the thoughts i have are completely wrong and are unreal , and wo n't happen , but despite that , i still have to do rituals and count and whatnot . 
  so you see , we have security in depression and anxiety , but not a security that will free us all from this depression and anxiety . 
  and now i wonder why is that . 
   in the bedroom, 
   to watch blurays, 
   and play, 
   big tv, 
   grand theft auto, 
  my fucking dream !, 
  6 inches wrists . 
  here are mine measurements ,, 
  your ideal body measurements are, 
  chest size : 39.0, 
  thigh size : 20.7, 
  neck size : 14.4, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  i 'm 20 , and i want friends like yours . 
  oh , i am a friend like that and i have lost a lot because of being a friend like that . 
  i just shitty friends that do n't even care about me . 
  are you trying to gain weight , maintain or lose ? 
  because if you want to gain , you can not just feel pretty contant at around 2000 and expect gains . 
  you need to eat the 3000 calories per day . 
  me too . 
  so that concludes that breaking bad does n't have a single bad episode . 
  but i studied biology and the reason you get doms is exactly because of lactic acid . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs . 
  i decided to gain weight . 
  when i realized that i have been eating these last years less than 1500 calories a day , i realized that eating the 3000 i need would be difficult . 
  yet , i 've started doing it , and it 's not that hard at all . 
  2 liters of whole milk a day , half of my calories and protein . 
  also , congrats on the lifts . 
  well , i know the whole series , and i 'm 100 % sure that there is n't a single bad episode of breaking bad . 
  fuck yeah , someone on reddit that i can actually discuss acting . 
  can i ask you a couple of questions ? 
  do you think that the performance of an actor can be bad because of writing or directing despite the actor being good ? 
  i did this play last year and got the lead role , but got the worst writer/director . 
  she did n't had a script , got some shitty one word dialogues from a story and `` adapted '' it to a play . 
  people said i did very good , i was actually asked if i was a professional actor . 
  but i kinda , after reviewing what i did , and how i said things , i thought it could be a bit better if the directing or the writing was better . 
  also , what is `` repeating words on stage '' to you ? 
  it 's actually what you do while doing a play , you repeat the same words over and over again , day after day , and somehow the tone , how you say the lines and the way of delivering the lines just go into auto-pilot from doing it so many times , the emotions get stuck to every word you memorize , and you just deliver it the way you rehearsed it , or am i wrong ? 
  i do n't like to act in plays that much , because being on a stage gives me extreme fucking anxiety , and last year , i almost had a panic attack before going on stage and i almost ran away from it . 
  and , what is the hardest part for you about acting ? 
  i was the lead , so yeah , it was so fucking nerve racking that i actually almost had a panic attack . 
  never felt like that before i think . 
  i had the biggest monologues , but it went great . 
  the first scene was me laying down , sleeping and waking up to a kick from other character . 
  while i was in the ground , i could n't remember the text . 
  when i stand up and had to say it , it all just came in auto-pilot like if i was rehearsing , fucking smooth , even smoother than the rehearsing . 
  second monologue , in rehearsals , i stuttered sometimes in two certain words , in the actual day of the play , fucking smooth aswell . 
  fucking awesome . 
  and i got asked if i was a professional actor , and got complimented a lot . 
  fuck yeah acting !, 
   many sloppy actors simply emote , and feel and anguish on stage . 
  these ones are not linked to the fundamentals . 
  the fundamentals are often overlooked ( body , voice relaxation ) and their performances seem histrionic . 
  can an example of this be the 2 dimension actors ? 
  with just 2 emotions ? 
  angry and happy ? 
  like not listening to the scene and if someone says `` hey , x talked trash about you on your back '' , and the actor simply overacts and yells `` what the fuck , why ? '', 
  so , he does n't go through all the emotions that you feel , when you really know in real life that someone talks trash about you in your back , ie : if is a friend that you care about , and you know he backstabbed you , you will be sad , silent , not knowing what to say , etc. 
  is this correct ? 
  or am i missing something in here ? 
  ah , shit , i 've seen this in portuguese plays , do n't know about english ones . 
  have to check . 
  fuck yeah , thanks man !, 
  watching breaking bad , and a lot of films , and watching every move they make and how they act clearly is teaching me something . 
  also , i have a weird story about this . 
  when i did my first play , the 2nd lead was a girl , playing a little girl , that would help me on something . 
  and we both had a scene , where we were listening to some guy talk . 
  the lines from the guy were pretty much normal , explaining what was going to happen , and how was he gon na help us , and stuff like that . 
  so as a normal person would do , you listen what the other person says , the girl who was with me listening to what the guy was saying , acted in a not so normal way , every time i looked at her , she would do me the `` wtf is he talking about face ?
