  what if you have a watch and do n't smoke ? 
  but yeah , i get it . 
  or give them the offer of the time . 
  more specifically , douchebaggery . 
  i thought it was lady gaga and her friend . 
  sure man . 
  i will let you know ... 
  * one day . 
  * and red hair . 
  can you elaborate on this please ? 
  i want to know what are trade stocks and how do you do it online . 
  thanks . 
  like a big-a pizza pie, 
  that 's amore, 
  * i wish i had a girlfriend to share this with . 
  portuguese . 
  but , if you tell me the english-published names , i will search for them in portuguese . 
  `` fuck , an alien ? 
  '' , you thought ? 
  it 's too long , 324 pages for 2 weeks , i think it 's too long . 
  thanks though . 
  there is a black kid on the right side of the pic who seems to have no reaction on this . 
  i hope he catches up with all these donation threads . 
  feeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnttttttttttttttooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnn !, 
  oh , you do n't know ? 
  you have been away for atleast 12 hours . 
  omg , are you crazy ? 
  thanks . 
  i will see what i will do until the end of the school , which is in 2 weeks . 
  and i am almost sure i will do nothing out of fear . 
  i will not stand the looks and talks afterwards if i get shutdown . 
  so i might just not do anything . 
  this may sound very vague , but something that will teach you about life , a mind-blow thing or mind fuck twist . 
  1984 sounds cool , it can depress but it has to teach me something that i can present in the class . 
  if it 's for personal read , i can take anything that is a good read . 
  at the moment , something that has 100 pages will be good , because i have to read it and then present it to the class . 
  after i read the one for class , i want to start reading something `` more serious '' . 
  do n't know if you are understanding what i 'm saying , but for the class , i want a short book with a good life lesson . 
  i 've seen that hitchhiker 's guide is the # 1 of reddit , but i do n't know if it 's just a science-fiction book , or if it has some kind of mind fuck or life lesson that i can learn and then present it to class . 
  anyway , what is 1984 and brave new world about ? 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i think he should do it . 
  just think of all the karma we would get . 
  he would create a thread saying `` i killed mark zuckerberg . '', 
  and i would comment saying `` oh yeah , i saw your other thread , you 've done it !, 
  and then i would get a lot of comment karma . 
  at the moment is , i 'm attracted to a girl of my class and i ca n't talk to her due to the fear i have of getting talked about if anything goes wrong nor i wo n't tell anyone i 'm attracted to her due to the fear i have of it getting leaked to her and then to her friends who can talk about me in my back or laugh in front of me . 
  i am a social anxious person . 
  this does not work in my language . 
  you were not going to be able to sleep , because coffee will make you stay awake . 
  what does mean quick glances every day and always looking at you during a romeo and juliet book presentation . 
  the girl does that . 
  i do n't know what to think . 
  that is more than oblivious , but now that i am thinking , i think no one ever flirted with me , so . 
  no money lol . 
  * it 's portugal *, 
  can you clear something for me ? 
  i am 19 years old , 6 ' 4 '' , i think it looks weird , or in a `` wtf is this ? 
  my legs look like conan o'brien 's '' way , if i use straight leg jeans or skinny jeans , the legs just look like two very skinny sticks , and even if i have some ass , i think the legs make it look weird , while using baggy pants it makes me feel smaller and not so with weird legs . 
  so what to do ? 
  i 've asked this above , but the ass of taller guys like me , 6 ' 4 '' , weird ? 
  it 's like two sticks and an ass . 
  the reason i do n't really like to wear skinny jeans , and my straight leg jeans are always 4 or 5 inches below the waist , and another reason is that no one makes jeans for people as tall as me . 
  be attractive . 
  do n't be unattractive . 
  oh , i actually have the same problem as you , the thing is that the girl is in my class . 
   xd lol yeah, 
  are you 13 and use myspace ? 
  the maturity of that response was 0 . 
  i truly like to be alone . 
  i like to put my headphones on and listen to my music and do n't talk to anyone . 
  i go to school every day and just do n't feel the need to go talk with everyone . 
  i do feel miss having someone to have a deep conversation or having a girlfriend , but most of the time i really do like beeing on my on . 
  also , you do n't rely on anyone , you do n't wait for anyone to give you anything and you do your life thinking only about you , and that you are the only person that can solve your own problems . 
  everyone does that . 
  i do that , and then at night , i say `` fuck that shit '' . 
  why ? 
  pic of back please ? 
  oh you so hawt girl . 
  and films also , music , films and religion . 
  i have never had that with a girl aswell . 
  and my new fragrance . 
  god . 
  the part where he makes a joke and everyone laughs . 
  i was reading through the comic and i noticed all that spelling errors and thought `` shit , if i had a fucking shotgun here i would shoot my monitor point blank rage , then i scrolled and i see what happened , and said `` yes '' '' . 
  fuck you , louis ck makes us all laugh , and we can easily pay twice of what he is asking for the show , which he made with his own money . 
  not in love , but attracted to . 
  about one month ago , this girl sat next to me , we talked , while we were quiet her leg touched mine and for a very long-short period of time . 
  when we were far from each other , i would sometimes catch her looking at me , she would glance and we would make eye contact . 
  she did this for about 1 month , this week , i have n't caught her looking at me . 
  i 'm sad . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  and now my dreams are crushed . 
  well , at the moment no one gives anything about what me or you do . 
  yet , my social anxiety keeps me from making a move , so fuck that , also i 'm alone for about 4 years , so a few more years wo n't hurt . 
  what i fear at the moment is , at 19 years old , not having a girlfriend or a wife that will make me happy , 2008 was the last year i have had any female contact ( a girlfriend ) . 
  also , not making my parents proud by getting a nice and stable life , as in economic and other things . 
  in a few years , when i am not worrying about these things , i may worry about not beeing able to provide a good life for my family , ie : when i get married and have a wife and children to take care of . 
  and having a good retirement plan with some money to live well .
