  i was away and i do n't know what happened . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i sent a text to a girl who had my number , who i was actually fond of , and she asked who i was because she did n't have the number , so yeah , you 're right . 
  why the fuck should i care ? 
  i told this to a friend , he does n't even care aswell , i do n't have anyone to talk to about this . 
  ^ i 'm ^ so ^ sorry . 
  how much money did the company earn ? 
  yeah , they should be , but , how much money was made by the company ? 
  nah , i replied saying who i was and she just said `` oh okey ( : '' , shitty fucking emoticons . 
  i had told her to `` try and survive the end of the world because muse would perform here in the summer '' and `` merry christmas '' , she asked me who i was , and then that happened , she did n't even take interest in anything else , so i deleted her number , and i 'm going to delete her from facebook . 
  nah , after i told her who i was she said `` oh okey . 
  '' , so i lost all the interest , because she seemed dry in her replies . 
  jesus , what a fucking shitty company . 
  i hope they never get work again . 
  hey man , thanks . 
  that thing right there is more than my friend did for me . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  thanks , i love you too . 
  \u266a gon na rail her from behind \u266a, 
  \u266a gon na eat her shit \u266a, 
  \u266a i do n't even care \u266a, 
  \u266a if she 's my ni ^ i ^ i ^ i ece \u266a, 
  ^ does n't ^ rhyme , ^ * butt * ^ * fuck * ^ that . 
  thanks man . 
  yeah , i actually try to filter it and focus on what i really want to do . 
  i think `` well , these people do n't really care about me , why should i care aswell ? 
  just focus on what you want . 
  '' , yeah film career . 
  thanks man . 
  i 'm friendly alone , not really lonely , i just do n't have anyone to talk about that girl , because no one really cares . 
  i thought she was atleast going to reply something else . 
  i think if she was interested i took too long to do something about it , like 6 months or more . 
  i do , but i have to translate to english from portuguese . 
  well , i do n't want to find excuses to say i 'm better of without her , but i 'm an atheist , and she is a christian and she also believes in tarot . 
  yo matt rich bill , this is jesus . 
  i wish i had a fucking drumkit , or a bass , or that guitar was easier to learn and that i my e string from my guitar had n't broke . 
  yet , i try to play bass with an acoustic guitar just to feel it . 
  it 's okey man , thanks , appreciated . 
  it 's not this , i 'm tired of searching , there was a build somewhere wall mounted and it had blue lights in the back of the wall , it was a fucking cool build , i wanted to see it again , but i fucking lost the link . 
  thanks though . 
  well , i wish i could play any instrument . 
  all of my class was christian , i was the only atheist there , we got to talk about those things , she and i one time , and she told me that she had a tarot deck , i ca n't remember what she said about it , but after she got to know me , she told me she has different views on christianism and what 's going on up there , etc , did n't get to know her that well to know what was really happening with her mind . 
  i did her the `` the big bang theory '' line , where leonard asks penny if she also believes in cristals , and she said she did n't . 
  i do too , i just got a little sad , because she was the first girl that i had a real conversation about something . 
  i have talked with other people too , but we had some mutual interests , music , except she also liked nickleback , muse and green day , but she liked films , or atleast she said she liked , and that she liked older films , do n't know if she said that to impress me because i want to pursue a career in filmmaking or if she was just interested in them , but whatever . 
  fuck , i 'm sorry again . 
  i 'm not even sad right now about the situation , i just do n't have anyone to talk about it , i just want to laugh at what happened . 
  yes , this , thanks . 
  i wanted to show it to my dad . 
  do n't know about building one myself , how the fuck do i do it ? 
  it 's fucking cool , but look at that gpu , it 's not even attached to the motherboard . 
  i did , and she just said `` oh okey ( : '' or something like that , i deleted the message and her number . 
  nah , it did n't impact me that much , because i did n't got rejected , i knew her since last year , and she talked or tried to talk to me a lot in school , i sometimes rejected or tried to reject to not look interested , just for her not to lose the interest in me , if i wanted to make a move i had to make it much earlier , school was over in june , and since then i never talked to her , it 's probably a lot of time , so i said `` meh , fuck it . 
  nah , she did n't lost anything , otherwise she would have said anything after i told her who i was , she just told `` oh okey ( : '' , so that 's not it . 
  this thing about my friend has been going for quite a lot , i had two best friends a and b , i talked a lot with one of a , before moving to another city , and he actually helped me in shit , or atleast from what i can remember , he gave me advice , regarding girls what i remember from him is `` do not change anything about you to please a girl , never . 
  '' , and i learned that shit , but after i moved , i 've stopped talking to friend a and started talking more to friend b , now friend b does n't listen anything , despite when i go to the city where they live , he always picks me up if i go by train , i can eat and sleep at his house , etc , but when i need someone to talk about i do n't have anyone . 
  friend a has a girlfriend and i do n't want to bother . 
  it does n't . 
  no problem man , thanks . 
  yeah , but if she was interested , after i told her she could have asked how i was , she did n't . 
  i do n't really care anymore . 
  it 's okey , thanks . 
  i 'm not 15 anymore , and i do n't want to be `` that guy '' , `` oh look at that guy , what a fucking creep and retard , does n't know when to quit . '' . 
  well , it 's done . 
  that bone structure . 
  yeah , we give advice to other people , but do n't actually follow ourselves what we say, 
  hey man , thanks for the support . 
  and good luck to you aswell . 
  thanks . 
  they do n't think it be like it is , but it do . 
  i would probably like to have a girlfriend , have a car , have money , and get really into acting and filmmaking . 
  probably wo n't do anything because i 'm ugly as fuck . 
  i 'm ashamed to say that i thought the same as op . 
  1 month = 5 $ ? 
  what ? 
  dats right neffew, 
  tell me that when you are almost 21 , and you have n't had a girlfriend since 2008 . 
  here we go , 1 billion views end of the world circlejerk . 
  i get you . 
  i think that stereotypical obsession is more of an american thing , here in portugal i 've never heard anything about that , my friends do n't even care , i get sometimes the usual comment `` you should get laid man . 
  '' , but nothing insulting . 
  but yeah , i get you . 
  but jesus died for the sins i could commit now . 
  so if i die a virgin , jesus died for nothing . 
  i can say i have one or two good friends , and even those may not be the best friends . 
  yet , i seem to enjoy being alone . 
  so i guess , not everything is bad . 
  i 'm saying no to unplanned pregnancy since 1992 . 
  way before the guy that was keeping kids from the streets since 1999 . 
  would you recommend that cpu to someone who wants to multibox world of warcraft with 10 instances at the same time ? 
  as in , extreme multitasking . 
  faster loading speeds . 
  i do n't know , it 's the only thing i 've read about it . 
  i 'm probably similar to you , i 've been playing games since i was probably 6 , maybe earlier . 
  i 've gone through dragon ball , pokemon , final fantasy , gta , world of warcraft , and yet i have n't shot anyone . 
  i think the real people , with real mental issues are us . 
  two days ago . 
  was watching coldplay live 2012 , that shit was so fucking well done , that shit was art .
