  i need to play some fucking final fantasy x. 
  goodbye my friend , see you on the other side . 
  a few months ago , in january i think . 
  it happened again on the i5-3570k with 16gb ram ddr3 and a sapphire hd 7950 vapor-x oc 3gb . 
  maybe it 's because of loadings , but i do n't think it should happen because this is n't a dvd , it 's reading from a hdd . 
  i get bumps from 60fps to 65fps , which makes the game go fast , from music to images , and when it drops to 50fps , it slows everything down , music to images . 
  if it was just the image slowing down , no problem , but the audio really fucks the experience when it slows down . 
  jesus fucking christ , man , thanks for taking the time , and thanks for the lesson on what the fuck i should know and why . 
  and you kinda understand me , and thanks for that , and i 'm going to tell you why . 
  i have been asking around in forums , whatever , what should i do , because i do n't want a powerful system that makes my mirrors shake , what i want is a good environment on my car when i 'm driving , and until now , not one person could explain to me why this next thing happens . 
  a friend of mine has a mitsubishi lancer from 1998 , lg head-unit , stock mitsubishi speakers , and he has the quality of sound i want , very clear mid/highs , powerful enough bass that you can actually have a quality of sound , and hear every instrument in a music , when we saw his speakers they were like 15w , that 's atleast what the speakers said . 
  how the fuck could he have a better sound than i , when i had some jbl gto938 on my car ? 
  something must have been wrong . 
  i wanted the sound he had , not the sound most people go after with subwoofer 's , like if their cars were a booming sound box , not that i 'm against it , i just do n't want it in my car because either it 's expensive/i will get tired of the power and will just unplug the sub or turn it off/takes too much space in the car . 
  so then , i traded the jbl for pioneer , and the sound is the fucking same . 
  so now i 'm looking if there 's anything possible to do so i can have a better sound in my car , and with that bass that i can feel but it does n't shake my mirrors . 
  and he also does it without an amplifier . 
  and i 'm almost sure that if i still had the jbl and an amplifier i would have the sound i wanted , but from all the advice i got on the internet was `` get an amp , get a sub , wire that shit . 
  '' , and since the internet is way better than going into a shop and asking for something and getting ripped-off , i came to reddit to ask for help . 
  i like my sony head unit , i have no complaints , i like its functions and it was somewhat cheap , yet when me and my dad connected the jbl speakers , the head-unit got extremely hot , but i thought all units were like that . 
  so yeah , as you said on your suv you have a good bass just from the speakers . 
  that 's what i fucking want . 
  thanks for the info though , really appreciated . 
  thanks . 
   also the sound lag is most probably caused by the framedrop of the game itself , which causes music to go out of sync . 
  fix this and the sound will probably be pristine . 
  that 's what i want , i just want to fix the sound when i get framedrops for whatever reasons i have , which may be slow loading , whatever . 
  how the fuck do i do that ? 
  i have no problems with graphics , although i ca n't change the fucking resolution , i do n't know why . 
  it stays at 512x416 the whole time . 
  but i think it 's 1080p , it just does n't change in the info on the window . 
  yeah , the problem is not the resolution , it 's working as i wanted , it 's 1080p , but the audio slows down when/if i get frame drops , and it 's take me off of the experience . 
  it sucks . 
  thanks . 
  i had some jbl gto938 , but the sound was n't good , because probably i did n't have an amplifier , so i traded them for some pioneer ts-g1721i , it 's the same , due to again , probably not having an amplifier . 
  i just want some kick on the music i hear , not much , but not flat like some 5 $ headphones . 
  even the reviews for the pioneer speakers say they are awesome , and i do n't see awesome , i see a flat dry bass that does n't add up to the reviews i read . 
  i want to create a good environment on my car that makes my driving more enjoyable , but having a subwoofer it 's too much , when i have the example of my friend ( if you read the wall of text i posted ) that has a very good sound with only 15w speakers . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , and is n't it possible to achieve that if i only add an amplifier to the speakers i have now and no sub ? 
  no looping , but stuttering and the audio slow downs when a frame or two drops . 
  the buffer i have in direct sound is 5 ( 27ms latency ) . 
  no breaks now , it 's working as it should now , thanks . 
  thanks . 
  well , it appears it still has some minor issues . 
  in the first fmv of final fantasy x , it slows down some times and the audio really takes me out of the experience that is this game , but oh well . 
  i 've changed to direct sound , but it 's the same , if the frame drop occurs , then the audio will stutter aswell . 
  it 's ps2-like/slow , it 's the catmull-rom . 
  i 'm going to try one of those , thanks . 
  oh shit , i did that yesterday while i was listening to coldplay , it happened with the jbl aswell , but we dismissed it because we thought that it was just the radio that did n't have enough power . 
  with the pioneer , if i fade it all the way back and balance it all the way to the right , the bass is a little bit neater , way more kick , but when the balance is in the middle , the back speakers will just lose power and become rather flat . 
  same with the front , but i 'll test that in a minute . 
  to but them in phase , do i need to rewire them where ? 
  because it was an electrician that wired everything , and the only wires that are available to me are the ones that connect directly to the back speakers or the front speakers . 
  the ones that are connected to the radio or whatever they are connected to , i do n't know where they are . 
  okey , i did the test with the 50hz test tone . 
  and what i got was this ,, 
  front left , low tone , meh power , but okey . 
  front right , low tone , almost no power , what ? 
  front center , left speaker was okey , right speaker almost no sound was coming out of it . 
  back left , low tone , okey . 
  back right , low tone , i think a bit more power than the left one , but okey . 
  back center , higher tone than the tone it was giving with only one speaker at a time , but louder . 
  all centered , louder , higher tone , i could feel some kick , overall experience it was meh , even with music gives a very dry kick , like if you were slapping a wall with your hand . 
  a question , is an amplifier just for the speakers a thing , or for these speakers it 's just not worth it ? 
  thanks for all the info and input , really appreciated . 
  maybe because of the head unit the jbl 's were n't that good , and maybe because of the sony wires that were wired to it , the jbl did n't come with wires , and so i left the sony wires installed , sound is the same jbl or pioneer . 
  the wires were also new . 
  an amplifier for the jbl had to be atleast 100w rms right ? 
  yeah , i think i will leave it alone , there 's not much i can do . 
  there 's a store near me that lets me try a denver amplifier , [ denver cap-4200 ] ( http://www.denver-electronics.com/denver-cap-4200/ ) , but i do n't know how to wire it , and i will probably need to buy some cables/wires , etc. 
  i would read about car audio , i 've searched a lot , on this subreddit , there is n't that much information , it just gives recommendations on brands , it is n't that much specific or technical . 
  i think it 's properly wired , or i 'm sure it 's properly wired on the speakers , do n't know if it 's properly wired in the radio/whatever it should be wired to . 
  speakers are mounted solidly , yes . 
  i really appreciate your help on this , and i 'm sorry for taking your time on this , i really looked in a lot of places , but most of people just say `` amp up , sub up . '', 
  and do n't even say why or discuss anything else but that . 
  it 's sad , but that 's what i 've been getting in a lot of forums/boards . 
  thanks again . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i think maybe i should go to the electrician and talk about this problem , since maybe throwing money at the car at the moment would maybe create even more problems . 
  i do n't have the set of skills to know where the problem comes from , so i may need to go to the electrician this week so i can tell him what 's going on . 
  and then maybe when everything is fixed , see what the difference is and if needed buy an amplifier . 
  i 'm not american , so i may have a bit of trouble finding that one you mentioned , i 'll have to check amazon uk or another european website , the custom fees would just add up 50 % to 100 % of the cost of the amplifier to be paid again . 
   if you have differing performance left to right within a front or rear pair . . that 's a little scary - there 's definitely something wrong there . 
  yeah , almost no sound on the right speaker in the front . 
  different sound from right to left in the back . 
  thanks . 
  thanks for the help , i 'll read this and see if i can learn something , which would be amazing , considering i know nothing about sound . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm going to use it at home and outside . 
  i keep redescovering emma watson every other week . 
  she 's just so fucking beautiful . 
  hey , i like you . 
  nothing else to add . 
  thanks . 
  tom cruise, 
  but on / r/murica everyone downvoted me and said the us is giving free health care with that obama care thing . 
  it was jesse who made the phone call , so no dea involved . 
  hugh jackman did n't appreciate the jokes .
