  she was not an actress , she was a casting assistant for the office , but a producer or the director liked when she was reading the parts , and asked her if she wanted to be on it . 
  she agreed . 
  well , when i got my first girlfriend , when i was 15 or 16 years old , 4 or 5 years ago , we were in the same school , in the 15 minutes break from class that we had we would just sit by one another and not talk . 
  that shit was fucking awkward , sometimes i would pull my phone just to check the time . 
  that was the last time i got a girlfriend aswell , never had the luck again . 
  it will be easier . 
  as an awkward average redditor in his first relationship , i told her i loved her in a less than a week into the relationship , yet she had told me she was falling for me . 
  anyway , she probably got scared and broke up with me two days after that . 
  we dated for one week . 
  after she broke up , i was passing by her in the school , she smiled at me , i looked at her , said nothing , not even smile , just poker face , and never spoke to her again . 
   the phone with me with no battery charge at all . 
  niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice . 
  if this was a long time ago , i think you should forget about it , if it was recent and you both have social skills now , you should ask her for a coffee , or just continue to browse reddit . 
  1 week . 
  i tried to make conversation , but she did n't talk that much aswell . 
  it probably does n't , it was just a makeout session , we probably did n't have anything in common so . 
  it was probably just physical attraction . 
  100k a year , in 10 years you are a millionaire . 
  i 'm just saying that you are making good money . 
  i think , i 'm not an american i do n't know how high the cost of living there is , but as a portuguese where the year income with minimum wage is ~ 5000 $ , ~ 6500 $ , you are in my eyes , fucking rich . 
  i would like to study cinema and acting aswell , but since portugal has a shitty industry i probably wo n't do it . 
  anyway , good luck with your acting career . 
  wow , you made me smile dude . 
  good luck to you and your girl . 
  i am like that , unless i am already inside the group , if not i like to keep quiet and by myself , and i do n't think that 's a flaw in our personality , i think it 's just who we are and we do n't have to change that to appeal to other people , so fuck that . 
  fuck yeah introverts !, 
  some days ago , i told a colleague of mine , `` hey , i love your shoes . 
  '' , she was like '' :| thank you '' . 
  and then i thought , well never going to compliment the shoes of a girl again out of nowhere just for fun . 
  `` thank you for coming everybody , and we 'll see again one day , thank you , goodbye and goodnight . '', 
   `` i just put her in a pillowcase and ... '', 
  why so serious ? 
  european here , portuguese . 
  got attacked two times in my school due to a guy thinking i had stole his laptop charger . 
  i got suspended , he did aswell . 
  i never stole anything and had to go to the court to take care of this shit . 
  the lawyers and judge decided that `` oh they are just teenagers , let them be . 
  '' , everything was dropped and that motherfucker did n't receive a fucking sentence . 
  first time i went to the hospital after i was attacked , everything was okey , 2nd time i was attacked went to the hospital , got a thing on my nose , because it was broken , do n't know how to say it in english . 
   both most likely attracted to each other, 
  edit : also , you just made me very anxious and nervous . 
  but i 'm not here looking for approval nor if i should man-up nor positive expectations of if we like each other , i want to know what the fuck does that mean , the looks and stuff . 
  because it 's been a long time , since i have caught her staring at me . 
  yeah , i do n't cuss ? 
  that much irl , i do , but not that much , but * fuck * , because i do n't know what all that staring and looks mean , and i became very nervous and anxious , because i really do n't know what to think . 
  if it does n't mean anything , why does she look everytime a presentation is done ? 
  am i a freak or something ? 
  thanks . 
   tommy was everywhere , grabbing people and moving them around and `` directing . '', 
   implying tommy was a director . 
  well , i asked here because someone on reddit said that you are the experts in body language and that kind of shit , so . 
  the kind of responses i 'm getting i already know them . 
   making alot of eye contact, 
  this is where i get confused , here 's a little story for you . 
  girl i 'm fond of in my class , we talked some times , last conversation we had was about religion , almost 45 minutes in school . 
  anyway , yesterday english class , presentation of a theme to the class , she was the last one to present it , and was alone , she looked at me the whole presentation , fucking great eye contact , always looking at me , fucking intense . 
  last week , book presentation , same shit , eye contact the whole time , always looking at me . 
  3 months ago , book presentation , same shit , always looking at me . 
  we talked some times , and i had a great time . 
  but , despite all these things that happened , i can not understand wtf is going on . 
  when i was new in class , i went 3 months after the school started , i was the new guy , she was constantly looking at me , sometimes i caught her looking at me . 
  now , nothing , if we are outside , it 's harder to catch her staring at me , maybe she got better at it , or maybe she does n't look at me anymore , only in those presentations where she keeps looking at me and staring for a lot of time , while talking . 
  wtf does this mean ? 
  story that i posted above . 
   eye contact, 
  this is where i get confused about eye contact . 
  girl i 'm fond of in my class , we talked some times , last conversation we had was about religion , almost 45 minutes in school . 
  anyway , yesterday english class , presentation of a theme to the class , she was the last one to present it , and was alone , she looked at me the whole presentation , fucking great eye contact , always looking at me , fucking intense . 
  last week , book presentation , same shit , eye contact the whole time , always looking at me . 
  3 months ago , book presentation , same shit , always looking at me . 
  we talked some times , and i had a great time . 
  but , despite all these things that happened , i can not understand wtf is going on . 
  when i was new in class , i went 3 months after the school started , i was the new guy , she was constantly looking at me , sometimes i caught her looking at me . 
  now , nothing , if we are outside , it 's harder to catch her staring at me , maybe she got better at it , or maybe she does n't look at me anymore , only in those presentations where she keeps looking at me and staring for a lot of time , while talking . 
  wtf does this mean ? 
  thatfeelthatihavetoo . 
  my self esteem is so low that whenever a girl smiles at me , i think she is smiling to a person behind me or that she is moking me . 
  i 'm going to answer in behalf of every single redditor . 
  * shit * :(, 
   just ask yourself , `` would i be responding this same way if i was having a good time ? '', 
  probably i would treat her the same way as i would treat any other girl because i do n't want to show her that i am interested because that could easily put her off . 
  and , yeah , i 've done this . 
  with what ? 
  cotton ? 
  are you a plush ? 
   i make an effort to be with/near you . 
  this is 100 % true . 
  but this, 
   non-incidental touching . 
  i do this to my female friends aswell , even the ones that i 'm not interested in dating . 
  maybe that 's just me , but whatever . 
  the ones that can probably show if we are interested in you is, 
   having private/side conversations with just you when we are with a group of people . 
  and, 
   i tend to look at her a lot and smile a lot . 
  the latest being the one more obvious . 
  and these last couple of weeks , i think i was more obvious with this one than ever . 
  this helped a lot . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm an atheist , the only one in my class , she is catholic ( christian ) , and sometimes believes that there is someone up there , sometimes do n't , she also has tarot cards .
