  kinect gives him karma . 
  i hope op can buy a new car , xbox , ps3 and a tv with his karma . 
  and natalie portman handled , `` anakin , you 're breaking my heart !, 
  '' , the best way she could , and i think she did a great job at it . 
  but with bad writing , you wo n't go far . 
  in my opinion , he is the best late-night talk show host ever . 
  he is better than letterman and of course jay leno . 
  the only person who is almost at the same rank as craig ferguson is conan o'brien . 
  why is craig ferguson to me the best talk show host ever ? 
  he is human . 
  one of the first times i saw his show he was talking about how he in the beginning of his talk show host career he just mocked people he did not know , like every talk show host does and people got hurt , one day one of the persons he mocked , talked to him on a party , and he said that that person was a really nice person , so he stopped doing what every talk show host was doing . 
  so , doing that he gets away of the trash-talk talk show host stereotype . 
  also , he talked about his personal life more than one time and shared some of the most heart-breaking stories of his life in the show , like his father 's death , his mom , his alcohol problems , etc. 
  and he is funny as fuck , really , he gets along very well with everyone , and has a different way of doing his interviews . 
  he does not ask questions that are in the blue paper every talk show host has . 
  he rips the paper , and just does a normal human being conversation . 
  so , why is he the best talk show host ever ? 
  because he acts like a human being , and not another talk show host , like letterman or leno . 
  in my opinion , he is the best late-night talk show host ever . 
  he is better than letterman and of course jay leno . 
  the only person who is almost at the same rank as craig ferguson is conan o'brien . 
  why is craig ferguson to me the best talk show host ever ? 
  he is human . 
  one of the first times i saw his show he was talking about how he in the beginning of his talk show host career he just mocked people he did not know , like every talk show host does and people got hurt , one day one of the persons he mocked , talked to him on a party , and he said that that person was a really nice person , so he stopped doing what every talk show host was doing . 
  so , doing that he gets away of the trash-talk talk show host stereotype . 
  also , he talked about his personal life more than one time and shared some of the most heart-breaking stories of his life in the show , like his father 's death , his mom , his alcohol problems , etc. 
  and he is funny as fuck , really , he gets along very well with everyone , and has a different way of doing his interviews . 
  he does not ask questions that are in the blue paper every talk show host has . 
  he rips the paper , and just does a normal human being conversation . 
  so , why is he the best talk show host ever ? 
  because he acts like a human being , and not another talk show host , like letterman or leno . 
  oh yeah , i understand and respect your opinion . 
  i 'm 20 , so i mostly know the hosts that are working from the past 15 years or so . 
  i 've never seen a johnny carson show , but i know that he influenced almost every currently working show host . 
  i felt like shit in the first and only week of college . 
  really like shit . 
  one week , i did not cook . 
  i only ate ham and cheese sandwhiches . 
  i did not even want to shower because the fucking bathrooms sucked , in my room , i was on a bunk , in the top bed . 
  and i knew no one . 
  it was fucking shit . 
  i was like 300 or 400 miles away from home , alone . 
  i did n't . 
  i know who johnny carson is , he influenced a lot of currently working talk show hosts , just never seen one of his shows , so i ca n't say . 
  check in the bible . 
  it only tastes like crap , when :, 
  you are n't thirsty . 
  it 's not cold . 
  if it 's in the end or you forgot about it . 
  batman !, 
  love . 
  if i had a girlfriend , and if she said that to me , and if she had a cute face and a cute voice , i would say `` oh , you 're so cute . '', 
  and cuddle with her . 
  fixed that for you . 
  i 've always wanted to know if a girl has ever thought about me sexually . 
  but probably not . 
  doctor who ? 
  she will . 
  probably not the one you want now , but yes . 
   i can put the peaces together, 
  if you can put the peaces together , then we have solved the hating problem that the world is going through right now . 
  end all the wars . 
  piss , poop , and shave in the shower . 
  so many time saved . 
   yfw what ? 
  i think you misunderstood what i meant . 
  what i was trying to say is that i wanted to know if a girl has ever secretly masturbated or thought about me in a sexual way , and never said anyone . 
  but yeah , if the point you were trying to make is that they should ask us out more often , yes , i agree . 
  i agree with you on conan , but i can stand him . 
  his material is not the best at the moment , but he is a funny guy . 
  jay leno has some awkward skits , and the way he sometimes mocks his guests , that 's just fucking retarded . 
  jimmy kimmel is cool , atleast doing interviews , never seen his skits . 
  jimmy fallon is cool aswell with his guests , but his games are kinda off , atleast those where they try to shoot hoops with shit no one cares about . 
  his skits , some of what i 've seen are cool though . 
  also , the roots are fucking awesome , when they introduce jimmy fallon , that shit is fucking cool . 
  i hate elder scrolls and fallout . 
  but final fantasy , oh shit , i can stay hours playing that . 
  it 's hard to imagine those two you mentioned saying that because they give a vibe of trying to be superior and arrogance , fallon and kimmel do n't . 
  they give a vibe of genuine happiness and fun . 
  have n't seen fallon in a while , i 'm european , so i only get access to what he does or on youtube or when a team releases something , i have to pirate to have access to every single late night show , but from what i have seen , yes , he has funny skits . 
  i 've never seen that , will watch later . 
  thanks . 
  that is so fucking nice . 
  if i ever have the opportunity to go to the states , i want to attend a tapping of his show . 
  yeah !, 
  the anxiety and the insecurity is too much . 
  i know the feel . 
  thanks . 
  jimmy kimmel is awesome . 
  i have n't talked to a girl via text in years . 
  so i ca n't say . 
  but yeah , she 's now in the bathroom masturbating . 
  yeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh !, 
  yeah , they could have just bought the chasis and built a new camper on top of it . 
  it 's fucking awesome though . 
  what is the height of that ? 
  can i fit there ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and i do n't want to be hunched everytime i have to walk inside on one of those things . 
  i would like to have one . 
  `` yes , it is .
