  are you don * dapper * from * regular * men ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ leave ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ now, 
  i have this feeling quite a lot . 
  i get fucking self-conscious when i 'm discussing something with anyone , and my discussion face is on angry mode or something , when in fact i 'm really have a nice time having a nice conversation . 
  hey bro we are the same , the weather was really cool today , ^ ^ oh ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ i ^ ^ thought ^ ^ i ^ ^ was ^ ^ talking ^ ^ normally . 
   my wife seems to think i always look like an asshole in a shitty , unapproachable mood . 
  i think girls think this of me when i 'm walking on the street listening to my music . 
  i put on a very serious face , while thinking that i 'm a rock star playing in a concert and having a good show , and i 'm not really that angry , in fact , i 'm really fucking happy and i feel happy for listening to music , yet , i probably look like a fucking asshole . 
  that 's probably why i 'm single . 
  are you a girl ? 
  we should date . 
  because i have that too . 
  you were like this man , :|, 
  why are you looking at me like , i do n't wan na die . 
  the problem is that none of the gyms in my city have a power rack , none . 
  my goal was to atleast bench my bodyweight , or atleast what a friend of mine is doing 120kg , but shit , as a guy said above , the visual gets stuck in your head , but no , i do n't think anyone of those things would probably crush me because i would have to time to roll over and defend myself , with the bar , my chest , neck and the rest of my body are exposed and shit could happen , but anyway , thanks . 
  there you go , do n't deadlift and drink . 
  that guy 's 1rm was 160kg , he added 25kg more for the competition . 
  i 'm not , i 'm only there for me , but seeing these things makes me think if that shit can happen to me and put me in danger . 
  thanks . 
  do you have anxiety ? 
  i do , it 's fucking bad . 
  i have dreams where i 'm with a girl , i 'm a smooth talker , i have fun , we have fun , we hit it off , we kiss , we have sex , whatever . 
  i sometimes daydream about a girl , that i 'm a smooth talker , i have fun , we have fun , we hit it off , we kiss , we have sex , whatever . 
  but thinking about asking a girl out , and thinking about being denied , it gives me so much anxiety , i want to take a dump . 
  and when i see all of my friends , telling me that i 'm good looking , and that they would like to be as tall as me , and that i could easily get a girlfriend , jesus , do they say this just to make me feel better ? 
  i think i get autistic when a girl talks to me , if i like the girl and i 'm attracted to her , fuck that , i get autistic as fuck and do n't know what to say . 
  i just , fuck , this , shit . 
  i have too much anxiety , and if a girl does n't come talk to me , my anxiety will keep me from asking a girl out . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  i 'm 20 , and i feel like losing a virginity to a hooker , is somewhat agreeing that you are a fucktard , neckbeard , who is ugly as fuck who ca n't do things on his own and get a proper connection with another human being . 
  i 'm virgin , and my friends tell me to go and fuck a hooker , and i just think about it , if i fuck a hooker , i 'm telling myself that i ca n't have a proper connection with another human being , and i want to feel that i can have a proper connection with a human being . 
  when i daydream about a girl or something , everything seems so easy , but having been bullied and called ugly and other stuff when i was younger probably gave me another view of the things . 
  i do n't want to get rejected by a girl i like , or probably i do n't want to be seen as the creep who thought was good enough for that one girl . 
  i had a talk with the girlfriend of a colleague of mine , and she is attractive , we were talking about me not having a girlfriend , and she said that i 'm good looking and that she had no problem having sex with me . 
  in that moment , i thought , i would have sex with her , even if it 's just one night stand and i 'm a virgin , but to me , having that connection with her , and knowing that she is attracted to me is a lot different than going to a hooker and saying `` here 's money , now let me fuck you . 
  '' , because with a hooker , there 's no connection , you just pay and fuck . 
  and with that girl , you know that she is into you , and that you are attractive to someone . 
  tl ; dr : of it ? 
  the six is between the ugly and the `` well , if it 's the only person and i 'm drunk , why not ? '' . 
  i was told my amiugly that i was probably a 6 in the pictures i posted , but that i needed to cut my hair and lose the glasses to be even better looking . 
  so , 8 maybe ? 
  probably a 5 . 
  directed by someone . 
  emma stone from easy a. 
  hello . 
  i have to ask , what do you do that defines you as an autist ? 
  ^ i ^ know ^ nothing ^ about ^ autism . 
  and say this ,, 
  `` they were all dead . 
  the final gunshot was an exclamation mark to everything that had led to this point . 
  i released my finger from the trigger . 
  and then it was all over . '', 
  it 's fucking awesome !, 
  fuck it , let 's hear both . 
  william wilson , seems a nice book . 
  about you , yeah , that sucks , people remembering you for doing shitty stuff when actually it was n't you , it was the person who resembles/you resemble . 
  i do n't have anyone who is similar to me physically , but personality wise , i think i have a friend who i do n't like his arrogance , when i can be an arrogant asshole myself aswell . 
  you could lose an arm for a simple blood draw not done properly ? 
  well , there goes my fascination for donating blood or doing blood exams in general . 
  you may remember me from such nature films as earwigs : eww !, 
  and man vs. 
  nature : the road to victory . 
   deadlift will put the hurting on your lower back, 
  i thought deadlifting with good form , you would n't feel a thing on your lower back . 
  i guess i 'm actually deadlifting with good form . 
  i mostly feel my lower back tired after deadlifting , but i end up on the day i deadlift with a better posture than the day before . 
  but any pain i feel on my lower back , makes me worry about my well being . 
  playstation 2 was where i played it . 
  it looked like the portal from the avengers . 
  it looks like a name of a tv show . 
  previously on reddit after dark . 
  someone on 4chan should run for office , 4chan would vote . 
  world is now better . 
  amc 's breaking bad . 
   stay away from computers and tvs and smart phones and other kinds of electronic screens for at least an hour before bed . 
  i keep reading this everywhere , but can anyone tell me a scientific explanation for this ? 
  do n't even know what is that . 
  directed by, 
  have you seen bieber 's demographic ? 
  do you think he is a band ? 
  he is a fucking kid , and his demographic are kids his age , specially teenage girls . 
  if he shares something on stage with his fans , they will all think that 's cute and other shit . 
  is he really an asshole ? 
  david letterman , conan and leno fuck with him a lot though . 
  and the story was written and directed by shyamalan . 
  op 's brother wants ps2 , op tells his dad to buy a ps2 for his brother , in fact , op 's brothers gives ps2 to op . 
  op gets happy . 
  who was ps2 ? 
  let 's donate money to give karennc28 a new bike !, 
  let 's get him a bike !, 
  with an engine !, 
  clarinet was there . 
  dead . 
  directed by . 
   she then proceeded to throw away the game because it had potions in it , and clearly that made it witchcraft and against the bible 's teachings . 
  wtf ? 
  this is not true . 
  why ? 
  i saw the commercial today , he was with 2 another actors , and the thing is i do n't like my nose , and i looked at the guy 's nose and i said `` shit , that guy can pull it off , what the fuck , so can i.
