  i think i 'm hitting rock bottom here . 
  i went to the doctor , asked for pills , gave me valdispert , took 4 today , nothing happened . 
  i want to do drugs . 
  why not ? 
  will smoking un-anxiety me through out the whole day ? 
  but if that black void did n't exist . 
  what was there before that ? 
  what is nothing ? 
  natalie portman and emma stone . 
  i made a play last year where i was the lead . 
  people asked me if i was a professional actor . 
  i 'm having trouble with my blender . 
  probably i do n't know how to use it , or for how long . 
  i have a shake that 's almost 1000 calories per shake . 
  it 's 500ml milk + 100gr oats + 1 yogurt + 1 banana . 
  i ca n't blend the oats completely , and the milk creates a foam and tastes bad , like metal . 
  i do n't know why this happens . 
  i do n't care about high mind , i just care anxiety free life . 
  the blender is new , maybe blending everything at a time is the problem . 
  i 'm taking a natural pill from what i 've read and was told , it 's from a valerian root , i have been sleeping better , but ca n't seem to lose the anxiety in the day to day . 
  what were you taking ? 
  i also have ocd , which remains untreated since i have no clue how to tell the doctor i have ocd . 
  can i buy that unprescribed ? 
  i 'm reading that this can be taken as a supplement , it seems cool . 
  i hope it does n't get addicting or it can be a problem . 
  i 'm portuguese aswell , can you explain what the fuck is a sand nigger ? 
  i have ocd and that does n't bother me that much . 
  read it on reddit sometime ago on a thread i 've created , but ca n't find it anywhere . 
  cortisol , that 's it . 
  thanks . 
  i 've read that cortisol will fuck your muscles which will break down muscle tissue . 
  i just wanted to know what the chemical that was released after overtraining was . 
  so overtrain will definetly burn muscle and cause a person not to gain any weight or muscle right ? 
  also , thanks for the links , will check them out . 
   if you work longer in the gym , you need to make up for it with better nutrition & better quality/quantity of sleep , however if finishing your last set of the day is going to take you to 1:05 on the clock , it is far from a reason for concern . 
  this is what i was looking for . 
  training 2h a day , every day of the week , with a shitty diet and shitty sleep schedule will mostly fuck you up . 
  i 'm very skinny , 165lbs and tall , 6 ' 4 '' , and i 'm asking this because with an increased amount of cortisol for whatever reason , would even make it harder for me to gain weight , which is one of the main points why i want to start lifting . 
  i 'm sad because i do n't have a computer to play any of these games i think , atleast i do n't have a computer to play amnesia , my graphics card sucks , and i only have 1.50 $ in paypal to donate , and i wanted to donate more . 
  i want to know if i look middle eastern . 
  it 's harder for me to eat and rest during school . 
  because of schedules i 'm in school since 8:30 am to 5pm . 
  it 's not an excuse not to lift and not to eat , but it 's harder . 
  yet , i 'm starting in a few days , maybe in a couple of weeks , and because school is over , it will be easier to maintain a tight schedule with eat , life and sleep . 
  and the trainers at the gym i 'm going to i think , have 2 hour workouts , and i want to follow sl , so i 'm asking if i follow their workouts for the first weeks , i want to be sure that i 'm still gaining muscle and weight . 
  thanks for the tips man . 
  i try to sleep atleast 8h per day . 
  the sl/ss program , from what i 've read usually takes 45 minutes in the beggining , because of low weights and stuff like that . 
  also , the 2h workouts that those trainers are doing , are like 90 % of using machines and those things that it looks like you are rowing . 
  also , using treadmills . 
  i 'm thinking on doing axbxax , but on the first two x days , i have gym class at school , which is 1h30m of exercise , running and other exercises . 
  will that be a problem ? 
  thanks . 
  what about muscle imbalance ? 
  thanks for motivation . 
   deadlift, 
   get hit by car, 
   car divides in two . 
   nice . 
  due to fear of failure plus anxiety , i have never accomplished nothing . 
  well , maybe a couple of things but never before almost having a panic attack and running from the situation . 
  last year , i did a play and i was the lead role , i have extreme anxiety and ocd , so everything i did the day before the play was to the extreme , even the socks i wore to the day of the play were some `` special socks '' to me . 
  i almost had a panic attack and ran from that thing leaving people behind and do n't caring about anyone . 
  thought my psychological was stronger and i overcome that day the anxiety and was able to do it . 
  yet , the anxiety got worse and know i skip classes in school if i have to present something . 
  where can i get that note ? 
  i have extreme anxiety and i 'm skipping classes where i have to present something , so i pretty much hit the bottom here . 
  my nigga . 
  first internet hug i give , because i have crippling social anxiety and anxiety overall . 
  as i said , and this is the third time i 'm saying this in this thread , i 'm skipping classes where i have to present something . 
  i do n't like making phone calls . 
  i do n't even like leaving the house . 
  i have social anxiety aswell , and i 've already discussed this with a friend . 
  if a girl talks to me i have no problem talking and wanting a relationship , even more than friends . 
  but if i go out with friends to a club i get anxious , and ca n't talk to anyone , much less pick up a girl , because i think everyone is judging me and other shit and saying `` look at that fucking ugly guy , why the fuck did he come here ? '', 
  i have this girl in my class , she 's cute , and we used to talk sometimes in class , i kinda like her and would like to take her out on a date , but if i did n't knew her from class , i would probably not even talk to her , just anxiety overall . 
  sometimes even when i 'm laying in bed and think about going out with her , i just get so fucking anxious , my heart gets to 200bpm . 
  so relationships with people that come talk to me are pretty easy , but i wo n't go talk to anyone due to crippling anxiety . 
  the part where you asked her out , that 's when i would have an heart attack . 
   it 's frustrating , because i know i 'm not unattractive , and i 'm sure a halfway-decent number of girls i know would probably consider going on a date with me . 
  this is where i lose . 
  it 's frustrating , because i know i 'm unattractive . 
  probably expose this to the media and find a lawyer . 
  if the lawyer does n't do anything , or is n't able to do anything due to swedish laws , expose your situation in the media . 
  i thought sweden was the number one country in the ranking of countries with less corruption . 
  i guess that 's pretty fucked up there . 
   i 'm accustomed to being perceived as `` lazy '' when the reality is just that i 'm too terrified to do anything that involves interacting with others . 
  unfortunately , the average person 's response to this is `` well , get over it . '', 
  this happens to me too . 
  i thought in therapy and not being able to go to it , because of anxiety . 
  the fucking irony . 
  i ca n't even talk to anyone in a shop , i just listen to my music when i go out , i do n't like contact , yet i want contact . 
  i just do n't want to be the first to initiate . 
  the thing you said about `` people think everyone the same way '' , i 've already thought about that aswell , but that does n't lower my anxiety a bit , it 's like my brain does n't want to understand that everyone is afraid of being awkward . 
  i 've read a story about a guy who went through anxiety therapy on reddit , the story was long , it had like 5 parts , and through those 5 parts , i was anxious reading it , and could never face what he faced . 
  it was fucking difficult . 
  he had to ask random girls for their numbers , he got like 4/5 . 
  i could n't even leave the fucking house . 
  i 'm like you , 2 or 3 years ago , i was walking down the street going anywhere , and i saw a girl that used to like me in the 6th grade , and we kinda used to talk like 1 time per month , 1 time per two months and i did n't have that kind of friend relationship that i was confident enough to say hello , so i was walking in the same path as her , and what do i do ? 
  i cross the street to the other side and pretend that i do n't see her , so i do n't have to talk to her .
