  craig ferguson and kristen bell, 
  craig ferguson and mila kunis, 
  craig ferguson and rashida jones, 
  and still no band !, 
  but who cares , watching craig is like watching a friend just hanging out or something , no money for band , no money for lights , fuck it . 
  just a camera and a couple of friends . 
  `` mustache . 
  nice . 
  ring . '', 
  finished high school when i was 18 , shitty grades . 
  went a year later to try again , same shit , i just did n't care , and i 'm only admiting this shit on the internet . 
  i do n't want to study science for a living . 
  i want film . 
  it is watching you, 
  if i go to a prostitute how do i treat her ? 
  just pick her up and fuck her ? 
  what should you do when you want to fuck one ? 
  dear santa claus ,, 
  this christmas i would like, 
  i promise to treat her well , go on dates with her , treat her like a princess , then make love to her , wake up next to her , make her breakfast , then go out to buy her a ring and marry her . 
  grow old with her and die right next to her the notebook style . 
  santa claus please . 
  i only want one . 
  please , emma stone . 
  | it can be hard to find quality links . 
  wrong . 
  ah yes , older shows are more difficult to find , but not impossible . 
  trent reznor , i did n't know much about you , because i 'm young as fuck , and probably heard you before , but fucking the social network . 
  that shit is fucking great !, 
  is this the lion king for master system iii ? 
  there was this girl in my class , that actually told me out of nowhere that she did n't have a boyfriend . 
  i wonder if i should have asked her out . 
  well , good luck op . 
  ed wood voice has nothing to do with any other voices johnny depp has ever done . 
  nah , i just said `` okey . '' . 
  she used to try and talk to me a lot of times , start conversations , sometimes i was autistic enough to not know what to do and just say `` okey . 
  '' , while continuing to not paying attention to her because i was with my headphones on . 
  also , after so many attempts by her , i think she got fed up with all my autism and stopped trying . 
  i wonder what could have gone from that , she was really a cute and really cool girl . 
  his voice on ed wood was cool . 
  a twist is a spoiler . 
  really ? 
  come on . 
  i have n't talked to her in months . 
  let me ask you this . 
  how ? 
  i have her number , but i only used it once to thank her in a flirty way about some homework she sent me by text , she responded by saying `` it 's my job as a class delegate . '', 
  not even a smile , so i thought she was n't interested . 
  so fuck that . 
  ah-ah , let 's - a fuck-a , pizza-a pie !, 
  as in , night time , time to think ? 
  thanks for that . 
  i know there was something that would change the ip without having to pay , but i do n't remember . 
  either way , thanks , maybe a vpn is the best way . 
  i have mild ocd if you can call it that , i waste probably 1 hour of my day doing shit that i know it 's not going to affect my fucking life . 
  but i just ca n't get rid of these shitty thoughts . 
  also , i 've watched obsessed , and poor people that have ocd and waste 16 hours of their day just with rituals and other shit . 
  i would probably waste 50 to 100 years trying to make it in the film/tv industry , and the rest of the 100 years spend them with my family . 
  this shit never happened with my group of friends , and why is that ? 
  because we like too much to eat . 
  we do not share !, 
  fuck you and fuck that . 
  i want to mess with my brain and stomach , i eat desert while eating nutritional food . 
  2 in 1 bitch . 
  who 's the boss now brain ? 
  you ca n't even math the nutritional values now !, 
  thanks for the money !, 
  thanks for kristen stewart !, 
  and got paid more than 50 million dollars . 
  i would do twilight if someone asked me . 
  give me the fucking paycheck . 
  that 's why method acting . 
  dustin hoffman is one of my favourite actors from ( born in ) the 30 's / 40 's and there are a lot of acting methods , but olivier seemed a bit pretentious . 
  edit : people did n't understand that i said that dustin hoffman is my favourite actor born in the 30s/40s . 
  probably there is another way of saying it . 
  i do n't know what happened after . 
  i just know what olivier said to hoffman . 
  he was born in 1937 . 
  i was actually trying to say , my favourite actor from the actors that were born in the 30s/40s . 
  how am i supposed to say it ? 
  few questions . 
  advice for someone who is 20 , wants to have a career in film/tv in the us , but is actually portuguese , living in portugal ? 
  also , i would like to travel as fuck , like you did and get to know the fucking world . 
  how much money did you actually saved to do all this ? 
  how do you live at the moment ? 
  congratulations on completing my dream !, 
  advice for someone who is 20 , wants to have a career in film/tv in the us , but is actually portuguese , living in portugal ? 
  why the fuck do n't people from reddit , just fucking create a group of writers/directors/actors , whatever , and do a film ? 
  i 'd like to professionally act/direct , so fuck yeah . 
  i worry too much that something might happen to my parents and that i will regret being away for that time , when they needed me . 
  i think it 's because of my ocd . 
  how is it with the money that you need ? 
  you just try for odd jobs here and there ? 
  because having that life might be a bit complicated money wise . 
  and your two roomates , are people you just found out now ? 
  or are your friends from australia ? 
  i do n't know because i 'm not in the industry . 
  i do n't even know what is a voice reel . 
  and thank you though . 
  let me know what the movie is about aswell .
