  jesus fucking christ good lord this is the most awesome thing i 've ever fucking seen in my fucking cs : go life !, 
  this is even better than seeing jw , kennys and friberg fragging !, 
  i think i came twice watching the video . 
  it balanced her chin a lot . 
  so , what 's that ? 
  no homo my unbelievable dawg, 
  i have two and i do n't like them . 
  do you know for how long i 've only been listening to spies ? 
  for more than 6 months now . 
  please do yourself a favour and listen to the cardiff live version of spies . 
  glorious jonny 's moustache . 
  it 's probbly not on youtube , 
  that what everyone says about `` professional players '' . 
  why the fuck am i getting piano lessons and learning how to read sheet music if fucking chris martin does n't ? 
  fuck this . 
  imma be my own chris martin , without sheet music . 
  okey , then you just memorize the chords correct ? 
  because this is what i do with the guitar . 
  i do n't think that would work with chris martin , he improvises a lot actually , so i think he might know a bit of something . 
  $ 240 bet aswell , got $ 0 . 
  i 'm sad . 
  that chris 's 2007 version was awesome , wish i could listen to it . 
  oh and i 'm just waiting til the shine wears off . 
  oh and i 'm just waiting til the shine wears off . 
  i 'm not a coder , so i have no idea why one or the other are `` the best '' . 
  my indian developer says `` if you are saying for betting website , then php is the most powerful server side language and most accepted one '' . 
  my personal coder friend says `` nodejs is better due to security and bla bla '' . 
  i could probably use a third opinion from people who know something about this , like you . 
  hey dude , thanks for taking the time to write all of this , really appreciated . 
  i 'm kinda torn in letting my current dev go . 
  i had this website done , wowdoge.io , for # 1650 - $ 2500 . 
  it 's wordpress with these plugins , http://i.imgur.com/u6x325k.png . 
  the dev also told me that the translation part ca n't be done with a . po , and the explanation is right here , http://i.imgur.com/2kppjzz.png . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm being scammed or not , or this is actually true . 
  / g / at 4chan already deconstructed the whole website and said i 'm being scammed like fuck , and that the website has a lot of drag-and-drop and one-click installation themes . 
  the same developer asked for # 3600 for the new betting website . 
  i have no idea if this is correct or not , and also sent me a mockup of the design , which was a fucking $ 55 themefuse wordpress template . 
  $ 2500 is `` you get what you pay for '' tier ? 
  5000 $ for a website is n't enough ? 
  that 's $ 5500 . 
  oh well , some people say it 's more than enough for what i want , reddit says it is n't . 
  i do n't know whom to believe anymore actually . 
  some say the website is shit and i overpaid , you say it is n't and i did n't overpay and it 's `` low tier '' . 
  i 'm seriously confused . 
  yes , chris martin knows how i feel . 
  it would be a betting website similar to csgolounge , but i want to do it with a much better design . 
  posted . 
  i can pm you my ideas , so you can evaluate a bit better . 
  i think the way chris martin is wired , it would be too difficult for stopping once and for all . 
  even though coldplay are four members , i would be very happy if chris martin went solo , which will definitely happen if coldplay split , which i do n't think it will actually happen . 
  of course . 
  i think guy has some addiction to buying stuff because when he is n't playing music , he gets hungover and needs something to keep his mind occupied , so he wastes money on as he says `` crap '' , just to keep entertained . 
  you 're talking about flusha aimhacking are n't you ? 
  that analogy does not make sense . 
  at all . 
  he was happy with having and being in a band , he got a bit cocky . 
  if you see the first concerts , where they released parachutes and all that , he seems like he is on coke and is a fucking asshole . 
  he was just a kid , and was doing the thing they always wanted to do . 
  so that happiness was mistaken by arrogance . 
  who are we talking about ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  i 've only been away for a week :(, 
  i know the guy from the hair ratio video , i just do n't know who he is parodying . 
  ca n't recall who thorin is :\\, 
  are you sure about this ? 
  i 'm taking piano lessons , and i 'm tired of learning sheet music . 
  i can actually memorize very easily chords , and if i knew chords on the piano , i could play by ear , as my music teacher said that there are people who ca n't identify a note when played , and people who can have a better advantage in music . 
  and guess what ? 
  i can do it !, 
  i have all the sheet music for every of their albums , except mylo xyloto and ghost stories , would like to find those somewhere . 
  i want to learn amsterdam , everything 's not lost , x&y and lost so bad , but i need to learn the chords somehow , i just have no idea where i can study chords actually . 
  thanks . 
  match fixing happens all the time and there are several cases in european football . 
  i do n't get why this is such a big thing . 
  it happens , yes , it fucks the fans , but in the end it 's been happening for so long , i could not care less if it happens . 
  it 's shitty for me aswell because i do bet , but i only bet what i can afford to lose . 
  it 's a max of $ 240 for me , and a lifetime ban for those shitty players . 
  fuck them . 
  i do n't want to watch 10 minutes of that shit , i have more important shit to do , 
  time on that ? 
  and she 's ugly in that picture . 
  i would prefer it on an m4a1-s . 
  ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ i ^ ^ should ^ ^ create ^ ^ an ^ ^ awp ^ ^ | ^ ^ \u5350 . 
  an uncle , eh ? 
  this conan interview is i think < 6 months old . 
  the pictures are 2-3 years old . 
  so do the math . 
  you wan na build a ladderman so i can overpass ? 
   ah , it 's my favorite hygiene , it 's the confidence i need, 
  i think this is a masterpiece . 
   are you off your knickers mate ? 
  that 's some british stuff right there . 
  ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !, 
  no , my friend, 
  fucking hell chris , film that in landscape . 
   tl : dr = men consume , women invest . 
  i think it 's more `` men live in the present '' , `` women live in the future '' . 
  oh , as a musician , chris martin actually laughs it out if a string breaks or he plays the wrong note . 
  you 're probably a android piano musician . 
  i do n't like it .
