  but meh , i 'm just an average redditor . 
   maybe she was not so excited . 
  no , we are the average redditor . 
  this shit sounds like a hollywood movie . 
  the average redditor starring michael cera . 
  you wish !, 
  i wish it too . 
  more like every day of the week . 
  the arrogant thing and asshole is another way of saying keeping to myself and not talk to anyone while listening to coldplay and if someone annoys me i 'll just tell them straight what they have done wrong . 
  so , they might see me as an arrogant and asshole person , not that i see myself that way , i just am socially anxious and awkward . 
  glad you are considered pretty and hot . 
  i was bullied when i was younger and was called ugly and that i have a big nose , but yet , i have dated a former-that is now back to the business-model , and other people have told me that i 'm attractive . 
  but i 've closed myself a lot , and created this shield that allows me to have social anxiety and not talk to anyone . 
  i 'm assuming that we could be great friends since we are both sap 's . 
  oh the things we would have to talk . 
  anyway , i hope you can fight that anxiety and be happy . 
  nah , coldplay is great music . 
  anyway , the socially awkward thing does n't apply to going out with friends , because sometimes i really do prefer staying at home alone browsing reddit , no money wasted , no worries , no nothing , just me being happy in front of a computer , eating and drinking and watching movies and tv shows . 
  and life does n't scare me that much , if i have a problem to deal with , i will deal with it very fast and get rid of it , there is just this part where i get seen as not so social because of my `` do n't want to be judged or talked about '' thing , it 's seems stupid and a bit complicated , and i am tired and ca n't explain it better , yet , i will edit it tomorrow so you can understand what i 'm trying to tell . 
  thanks for your advice man . 
  i stutter a bit around the girls or the girl i 'm fond of . 
  i remember some months ago , i was talking to the girl i 'm fond of and i remember being like walt jr. `` you c-c-c-could put y-y-y-your project in the c-c-c-class room . '' . 
  i also hope to be with a girl that i absolutely love and she loves me back and that i can be happy . 
  good luck with you . 
  shit , 9lbs / 4kg in 3/4 of a month ? 
  what are you eating ? 
  how many calories ? 
  any supplements ? 
  i am 6 ' 4 '' and only weight 154lbs , want to weight 200lbs . 
  really ? 
  27lbs ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  do you have any pics at 180lbs that i could see ? 
  i have never seen anyone with my height as 154lbs - 180lbs - 200lbs . 
  3000 calories a day is n't that much , if i eat breakfast , since i will be hungry one hour after eating breakfast . 
  if i do n't eat it , i will probably do n't eat the whole day or just eat one meal . 
  by the way , did you take any supplements like weight gainers or any other stuff ? 
  because they are expensive and i ca n't afford them . 
  i can probably eat 3000 calories worth of normal meals , but a supplement is very expensive . 
  how much time did you take to put that 10lbs ? 
  thanks . 
  got any pics of before and after ? 
  but are the weight gains different than using free weights ? 
  or just the strength ? 
  yeah , i could buy some protein , even though it 's expensive as fuck , like 60 $ , 80 $ , a 5lbs bag . 
  oh , i am in a hurry , i have been wanting to gain weight for about 2 years now , but never got into it 100 % , i just started to read a lot about gaining weight and working out . 
  i wanted to put those 50lbs in one year , but i think it 's a lot for one year , i would be very happy if i could put weight until 180lbs this year . 
  fuck , i hope i can get like that at 190lbs , since i 've been reading in / fit / that people as tall as us will just be skinny even at 190lbs / 200lbs . 
  thanks . 
  50 $ / 65 $ for [ 2.27 kg ] ( http://proteinas.precos.com.pt/optimum/100-whey-gold-standard-2-27kg-p43074217/ ) . 
  so you are getting it cheaper than me . 
  i look like this [ guy ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/thiemodebakker.jpg ) but a little bit skinnier . 
  and , my goal was to get like this guy , he is from reddit , http://i.imgur.com/a2cfr.jpg , which is 6 ' 5 '' and 200lbs + . 
  yesterday the girl i 'm fond of , out of nowhere , lookeed at me and gave me a fucking smile that i have never seen ever , jesus fucking christ , i fucking melted psychologicaly there , yet , i think it 's because i like her , that i thought `` oh , something 's going on . 
  '' , but yet , i also think , `` meh , it was just a smile about nothing , she is just very nice to everyone . 
  '' , so fuck me and life . 
   if she is exactly as flirty/giggly/touchy freely with you as she is with the next guy she interacts with , that 's her personality . 
  hello me . 
  we are fucked up . 
  house : `` everybody dies alone . '', 
  `` oh no he did not . '', 
  of course not . 
  she is nice to everyone , she used to look a lot at me , when i first saw her , and i kinda liked to talk with her , she is fucking intelligent , but she is nice to everyone and i 've read here that if she is nice to me and nice to everybody else , it 's probably her personality , so she is fucking nice to everybody , so no , i wo n't ask her out , despite wanting to so fucking much and have her in my life . 
  oh shit , i 'm starting to get depressed . 
  prefer to live with the thought that she may like me , and forget about her , than to ask her out and get denied and shut down and have to be depressed for a lot of time . 
  it wo n't be easier , she is in my class , and that 's aswell one of the reasons i do n't want to ask her out , if i get shutdown , i will have to see her and her friends every day . 
  i 've talked with her a few times , but friends , no , we are n't friends . 
  i 'm just an older classmate who she has talked sometimes when i first got into the class , she even sit right next to me when she met me , and if she had any interest , it faded , anywho these couple of weeks before she tried to talk to me in the morning , but i was too busy trying to show no interest , that i think i 've showed `` a lot '' of no interest , first time i walked with her to class , i was listening to coldplay , and she started to talk and i was with my phones on , she was talking , i take one phone off and ask her what she said , and she says `` oh , glad i have company to go to the class '' , i just said `` yeah . 
  '' , put my phones on and continued to listen to coldplay , one week ago , again she was walking with me to class and starts to ask why i missed those 3 days of school , i said i just wanted to be at home those days , but since she is the class delegate , i thought that was just general concern about me not failing the year because of missing school . 
  but why ? 
  yeah , a couple of weeks ago , i think , or last week , she noticed because she is the class delegate , we have classes everyday , yeah i think she is not interested , she shut me down by text message , i asked her at school to send me something about a class because i had missed it aswell , she sent me a lot of text , it took her atleast 15 minutes to write on the cellphone , and i thank her and apologize for the work and that she was sweet , just something i would say to a friend , she shut me down , with `` yeah sure no problem , it 's my job as a delegate . 
  '' , yeah fuck that it 's your job . 
  but if she was interested i am almost sure that she would send a diferent text saying other shit than `` my job as a delegate . '', 
  fuck that . 
  yeah , i know her name , we see everyday , we are in the same classes every day . 
  i do n't know her well , but i like to observe people , the first week of class i went , i went in november , but classes started in september , i was like the new guy who no one knew . 
  first 3 days , in biology class , she asked if she could sit right next to me , i said yes , a few moments later , i find our legs rubbing against each other for a few seconds , less than a minute , that 's when i remembered reddit , `` if your legs are touching and she does n't move , then she is interested . 
  '' , i was like wtf , that ca n't be , it 's reddit , 99 % of us are virgins , then she opened her mouth , oh fuck , intelligent as fuck , reads , knows wtf is going on with the world , and does n't seem to be much of a party girl , seems to be , then i started to be fond of her , but then i thought well , maybe it 's because i 'm fond of her , that all these things seem hints to me , but they are truly not hints , they are just her personality and what not . 
  but then again , she is very nice to everyone , so that might be the hint i 'm looking for and it against everything she has ever done or said to me , that could be a sign of her being interested in me . 
  anyway , not that desperate ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  that maybe i 'm not really fond of her ? 
  or that i 'm not that pussy and will ask her out ? 
  we do have similar interests i think , i like coldplay , she likes it aswell ( and nickelback wtf ) , she asked me to spoil the ending of the curious case of benjamin button for her , so she likes films aswell , she talked to me that she likes to watch old movies , yeah , never found someone who liked that , but me . 
  i have observed and watched how people are and what not , and i like to observe how people act around others , so it might sound creepy , but i have observed how she interacts with other people , and from the things i 've heard her saying , she is intelligent and it might the only person i can talk about anything that she would carry on a conversation , in fact , some times we are the only ones to discuss topics in classes . 
  i do n't have any friends at school , my sister is one grade above me , so she hangs out with her class , my cousin hangs out with class aswell , and i hang out with one colleague , but no , i have no friends at school . 
  most of the time i 'm an average redditor , by myself , listening to coldplay . 
  i cope with the thought of chris martin , the lead singer of coldplay only having lost his virginity at 22 years old . 
  fuck , that dude is fucking awesome , and only got laid for the first time at 22 . 
  why is that ? 
  i think every trainer writes a plan to each person that goes on the gym , after i sign in , and go there the 1st day , they will talk to me and ask me what i want to do , if i say gain weight i will have a plan , if i say lose weight i will have another plan , but i know that none of these plans are what i am `` supposed '' to do by reddit . 
  at the moment , i do n't know for sure , but i think i can , yet , everyone has a plan done by the trainer , that you follow , also you get checked by the trainer every now and then . 
  messaged you . 
  messaged you . 
  sent . 
  i am reading almost everyday about ss and what should i do or not . 
  i have n't got any contact with the gym or the workout , so i do n't know yet what i am really supposed to do , that 's why i do n't want to sign to a gym and then go there and `` i do n't have any idea what i am doing '' , or follow a plan that is n't quite for me . 
  messaged you . 
  i would like to do my own thing and workout by myself , yet , i would like some tips from the trainers if i do anything wrong , but since i wo n't follow their plan they may just say `` fuck it '' and do not help me at all . 
  if that 's the case , i 'll just come to reddit and ask for advice as i am doing it right now , but i do n't know if i will leave the gym , because it 's the cheapest in town , and if i do ss by myself then i will learn how to be better at it .
