  i had the girl that i could talk about all of this , but i was autistic enough to not have kept the contact with her , or ask her on a date or something similar to that , now i just have to talk about this on reddit and internet fanbases . 
  but yeah , you are right . 
  if i move from my country to england should i speak in my country shitty accent instead of trying to do a shitty british accent ? 
  `` you do n't talk much '', 
  '' ... '' - gordon freeman, 
  after the kiss , you should have looked at her , done the military kinda of hand to the forehead nod and walked away . 
   it was just such a comforting moment . 
  the feeling that you are accepted by the other person as who you are and all your kinda of insecurities go away for a few moments . 
  yeah . 
  tell me about your job , fucking tell me . 
  i want to know what you do , who have you met , how is a day in the job for you . 
  talk about whatever you want , twilight , mortal kombat , getting coffee , whatever the fuck you want . 
  my dream is to work in the film/tv industry . 
  is that it ? 
  is it that easy ? 
  he could always just go right if he gets to be a racsan driver . 
  we just made a friend, 
  it has , from the 6th grade to the 12th grade , it 's 6 years , op was like 11 or 12 in the 6th grade . 
  i 'm 20 , when i was in the last year of highschool i had the same thoughts . 
  i 'll try to go back this year and do better . 
  the stupidity of this , is that i had to choose what i wanted to study at the age of 14 . 
  a fucking 14 year old kid just wants to play pok\u00e9mon and nothing else . 
  so i chose computer science , what a fucking waste of 3 years . 
  i think actual science , like biology or chemistry is much more interesting than computers , maybe because i 'm 24/7 in front of one , but fucking shit , i 'm 20 and i know what i would like to really study , i have no doubts , but i probably wo n't do it due to this shitty economy that stops me from studying what i want because or i get a good degree and get money , or i study what i want and become homeless . 
   i like to rely on my sense of humor . 
  do it . 
  because i do it too . 
  counter-strike is boring . 
  science like computer science ? 
  i do n't have the patience to work with computers , programming , web designing , etc. 
  fuck that free hugs, 
  `` mam ' , i just found your kid , he was lost and said he needed to find his mother . '', 
  `` oooohhhhhh naaaawwwww you did n't !, 
  did you just try to kidnap my kid ? 
  officer , this pedophile tried to kidnap and molest my child !, 
  take him away , he should be put to death ! '', 
  but this is also why we come every day and read these askreddit questions . 
  we need to feel that one day it will be our turn to feel these feels . 
  what is tickle fights ? 
  the walking dead, 
  probably they do that because they feel uncomfortable and awkward . 
  i did that with my first girlfriend , yet , we had nothing to talk about , and we broke up one week after . 
  i do all of this and i 'm still alone, 
  i learned to do this by staying one year without going outside . 
  when i was in highschool , everytime a girl spoke to me and asked me to do anything for her , i would do it , if a girl was around me and my friends were around me aswell , i would behave differently because of the girl . 
  would n't try to embarass myself , or talk normally like i would talk to my friends . 
  one of my then-bestfriends told me one time that i was like a dog , if a girl called me i would just go after her , he also told me i should just be myself . 
  i finished high-school and i spent one year browsing reddit and having no social contact at all . 
  this desensitived me so much that when i go outside now and talk to anyone , i just say whatever i 'm thinking . 
  sometimes gets weird , but oh well , fuck that . 
   or a cheeseburger, 
  fuck that . 
  a big mac + 1 liter coke + big fries or a pizza . 
  how do you feel about crying because of a pixar animated film or the notebook ? 
  i need a woman . 
  i got the notebook on my computer , a blanket , a comfortable sofa and a big tv . 
  we can cuddle while we are under the blanket in my comfortable sofa while watching the notebook on my big tv , and we can hold hands aswell . 
  shit i am so lonely, 
  i am studying biology and chemistry . 
  i wish my girlfriend would use my shirt to do that , but we are the same height and my shirts are n't big enough for her to make a dress out of it . 
  anyway , she is also allergic to the fabric of my shirts , so she has to wear special things . 
  but the real thing , is that i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and my girlfriend is n't allergic to anything and she is n't real aswell . 
  oh yeah , but i did n't specify what it was , film and tv . 
  so , i chose to study science , which is the only smart step to do in this situation . 
  if you do n't care about notebook you must be a ginger, 
  we can make a castle, 
  oh , i would like to study film aswell , actually it 's my dream to study film and tv . 
  i get a lot critical when i see something , but there are certain movies that i completely shut off and just enjoy , and the notebook is one because it gives me feels , but i get you . 
  why ? 
  they do n't know anything, 
  i think this is the only skill i do n't have and ca n't acquire , tickle skills . 
  the `` yeah '' was like `` yeah , i miss feeling those feels . 
  '' , i 'm sad because i have n't had anyone in years . 
   they think i 'm just being a straight-up rude asshole . 
  my nigga !, 
  why is that ? 
  ofcourse not . 
  i took my drivers license , i got a lead role in a play in which i was asked if i was a professional actor , i played wow , i discovered reddit , etc. 
  i just did n't had much social contact , in like going to parties and having fun outside my house . 
  i prefer to stay inside watching a film or a tv show , than going out and waste money on drinking and other shitty stuff . 
  now that you ask , if i was that hungry probably everything , but yeah separate . 
   i did with my ex, 
   with my ex, 
  before that i was too worried of what i had to say , and not make a fool of myself in front of girls , after that yeah , i just talk like a normal person , yet i still have social anxiety / anxiety overall . 
  hello, 
  i slept for 17h last week on the days i lifted . 
   my goals are aesthetic , not strength . 
  i weigh 157 pounds . 
  mine aswell . 
  but i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 165lbs , should n't i be doing ss for strength gains , and then switch in 6 months to a hypertrophy split so i can be pushing the maximum weight at high reps and then get aesthetic ? 
  i also need to gain weight , so is n't ss a better routine to gain weight ? 
  or a hypertrophy routine will make the same results ? 
  fucking shit , you are . 
  tell me what it sounded like , because i do n't want to hear it . 
  looking forward for december 2012 . 
  also 2020 , where christ will return and defeat the holy trinity . 
  i 'm an atheist , but if jesus goes into a war , give me a fucking m4 and a car and i will go with him , just for the fun of jesus driving along in my car , me driving , i see holy trinity , and say `` jesus take the wheel , i need to shoot that shit ! '', 
  i think captain jack sparrow already defeated that shit . 
  is that you ? 
  is n't akon , mr. lonely ?
