  but anyway , i was also wondering , if at my height , 6 ' 4 '' , i can achieve ryan gosling mode . 
  i searched this thread about the eggs aswell , because i 'm skeptic in eating a lot of eggs , and in this whole thread , there was no one that could give a single link for what you asked . 
  i do n't know if i read that right . 
  but i want to lift to get better aesthetics , and i 've been reading a lot about form , and what to eat , and what routine to do , and getting a base of strength with a good compound lifts routine . 
  i am dexter morgan . 
  i do n't care also . 
  can you tell what do you think about those pt 's that give 3x15 or 2x20 workout plans to people that want to gain weight or lose weight ? 
  a friend of mine is like 5 ' 4 '' or something and weights 200lbs , the pt gave him 2x20 on machines . 
  the pt of the gym i went with my cousin on the first day gave us 3x15 on the machines . 
  in the end of the workout , i told the pt i wanted to do 5x5 with compound lifts . 
  do you think these pt 's do n't know what they are doing , or are they doing something right ? 
  and so the hybrid lion man is created . 
  with the cat inside . . 
  emma stone , yes . 
  fixed that for you . 
  why the fuck did i just read that in a ricky gervais accent ? 
  the girl i was fond of in school , who was an intelligent girl , or atleast it was i got from conversations with her , one day told me that she believed in astrology , and had a tarot ? 
  deck , and other shit like that . 
  i was kinda disappointed , also , we were studying science , and she was also a christian and went to church every weekend . 
  but anyway , i would have had made out with her if she was into me . 
  never knew though , and never will . 
  i do n't know why , i 'm not that a big batman fan , but this image made me smile a lot . 
  maybe after all i 'm a batman fan . 
  i 'm batman !, 
  a colleague of mine told me it was a great show , and it had the same director as paranormal activity , i decided to check it out . 
  bad acting , bad directing , bad writing and a lot of things that did n't made sense . 
  i want to play pokemon so bad . 
  but we did , except for the astrology part and the christianism part . 
  it 's not a reference . 
  the girl i was fond of in school , we had really nice conversations , but when she told me she believed in astrology and had a tarot deck made me laugh . 
  also , she as a devote christian . 
  not that would n't be dealbreakers because she , from what i 've known from her , respected my beliefs and i respected hers and would not try to change my view of things . 
  anyway , have n't seen her in a month , so fuck that . 
   are the pinnacles of our species . 
  i read pinnaples . 
  only on amc . 
  season 1 is great . 
  season 2 is meh . 
  i unsubscribed from there . 
  i do n't get it . 
  can someone explain to me ? 
  is it because of the cursive ? 
  op , fuck your niece . 
  it got sad when i read that you had to sell your things to get your niece a laptop . 
  i would just fucking shoot someone if that happened to me . 
  he is so fucking great in prison break . 
  he and robert knepper . 
  great . 
  i hope that day comes soon . 
  i think two or three days ago , i dreamt the same thing as wintergryphon , then i woke up i realized that i was alone . 
  what is love ? 
  join the club . 
  your brain memorizes every face you see , even if you do n't actually take the time to look at anyone , if you just pass by a person , your brain will memorize that face . 
  it 's like things that you do in your day , and the subconscious memorizes it , and you dream about it , but you do n't remember why were you dreaming about that , but in fact you may have experienced it the day before , you just do n't remember . 
  i also read something about this . 
  fucking brain , how does it work ? 
  i 'm using the normal bar , like the bench press one . 
  i think it 's the olympic bar . 
  i 'm doing bar + 35lbs . 
  thanks for the links . 
  i 'm doing squats without squat rack or power rack , since my gym does n't have it . 
  but the pt lets me do squats with no rack . 
  35lbs in addition to the 45lbs bar . 
  i think my form is good in the squat , atleast i did n't hear anything from the trainer . 
  the only thing i heard was for the barbell rows which i had forgot about the form and the trainer put me doing some variation of deadlifts . 
  first girlfriend i got , i was so away and unaware from what was happening that i was n't nervous at all . 
  a day or two before a girl i 'd been talking to , had broken her nose and sent me a text to ask me if i wanted to see a movie at her house , i said yes . 
  i went there , with one more friend and a female friend , and i said to them , `` i want to sit right next to her . 
  '' , just because . 
  we started watching the movie , me still unaware of everything , and she lays a blanket over us . 
  okey . 
  i did nothing , nothing , until she held my hand , and everything clicked , `` oh !, 
  nice !, 
  '' , i thought . 
  i did n't do anything througout the movie , just hold her hand , she started to put her fingers in my lips , and wanted me to kiss them . 
  i was still unaware of what was going on , well kinda . 
  after some time , she put her tongue in my mouth and we started making out . 
  that 's when my heart started to rush . 
  `` oh , so that 's why !, 
  nice ! '' . 
  we made out , and i left after some time . 
  she text me saying that i was hard to get , and other shit . 
  she texted me again some days after saying she was falling in love with me , i asked her to date , she said yes , a few days later , not more than a week she brokes up with me . 
  probably because i said that i loved her . 
  i was 15 or 16 at the time . 
  i 'm 20 now , never had a girlfriend since . 
  it 's okey man , i feel you , but how did everything go after that ? 
  hello !, 
  you got something going on there , chief !, 
   the whole time i was concentrating on not getting a sweaty palm, 
  the feel . 
  the soft skin of the hand of a girl against yours , her fingers running through your hand . 
  fuck , i 'm lonely . 
   we spoke a little , but only to say `` hah hah !, 
  his face looked funny ! '', 
  and other awkward bullshit like that . 
  why ca n't i hold all the feels in this thread ? 
  as i read down through this thread , the more i miss holding hands . 
  have n't seen heroes yet , but i feel for knepper , he was thinking of quitting acting some years ago because he could n't get any work , and even though he is for me a great actor , he is underrated as fuck , and never got a nomination for his role of theodore bagwell in prison break . 
  i want to train form a lot , i do n't want to injure anything , since i want to keep doing this in the long run , and want to be injury-free when i 'm older aswell .
