  but wait , who am i ? 
  what did i do ? 
  well , good day to you too sir , then aswell . 
  i 've read that the noise that the hyper 212 evo makes is the same as my current cooler tuniq tower 120 at max rpm , and it is fucking noisy . 
  does the rpm change on that cooler depending on the load of the cpu ? 
  because with mine , i have to turn the `` volume button '' to put it at higher or lower rpm 's . 
  i wanted something that would change automatically depending on the load and heat of the cpu . 
  what ? 
  did n't know that was possible . 
   implying i would n't just format the computer . 
  i want a dog so bad . 
  but there are two things . 
  one i live in an apartment . 
  two , when the time comes , i wo n't be able to deal with the loss of an animal . 
  oh * shit * , i laughed so much at this . 
  would n't take the battery out of the board reset it entirely ? 
  i do n't think the building is against dogs , but where would he do his first necessities ? 
  where would he piss and poop ? 
  i do n't mind going with the dog and take a walk , but doing it every day , when sometimes you just want to stay sit on a chair and browse reddit , or watching some tv , that 's when i think twice , i do n't want the dog to suffer because i 'm fucking lazy . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  i probably after having a dog would n't submit to laziness , but thinking about it , i do n't want to make a mistake and hurt an animal , and also , vacination and vets are expensive as fuck , atleast 60 $ per vet appointment , and food is also another expense and that 's expensive as fuck when the minimum wage is 600 $ per month . 
  anyway , i hope one day i can get a dog , i would really like one . 
  thank you . 
  you already have the ram ? 
  on the op you said you have ddr2 ram , if you are changing boards you will need to get ddr3 ram . 
  * vortex sound *, 
  if that would be the only contact i would get with her , i would be happy if she asked me that . 
  i stayed at home watching how i met your mother . 
  i 'm probably alone in this because i was downvoted as fuck in 2012 ( yesterday ) for saying this , but i really do n't care that it 's a new year or the celebrations preceding it , i did n't care about the fireworks , or the alcohol , i stayed at home watching how i met your mother and it was nice . 
  feel guilty about what ? 
  i really do n't . 
  it 's just a normal day to me , i do n't like to drink , i do n't like to smoke , i do n't care going to bars , i prefer to stay at home . 
  good for you , atleast you did something productive . 
  i now have a slight depression because i just saw season 7 of how i met your mother , i know it 's going to end in the 9th season , and i have n't watch from season 1 to season 6 , and i will never have a real life dramatized friendship like the one in the tv show . 
  as a non-american that is almost 21 years old , and with all my favourite tv and films being american , i have to download them illegally . 
  this would n't be the case if i could pay a monthly fee to watch everything i want . 
  also , the films i want to see only premiere months are they premiere in the us , so another reason to download . 
  i just wish i had netflix in portugal . 
  apply yourself !, 
  imagine you getting sleep paralysis , and then right in front of you that thing starts to spin its feet , open its mouth wide open and a lot of teeth pop and it rapidly starts to eat you . 
  fuck no , that shit is creepy as fuck . 
  can you give some details ? 
  what was the degrees/angle of your spine ? 
  did it hurt ? 
  any x-rays ? 
  how many inches did you grew ? 
  how old are you ? 
  thanks . 
  i started watching it on the january 1st , i 'm almost on season 5 . 
  watched a season and a half per day . 
  and on the january 1st , i 've watched season 7 on tv , and then i came back to the 1st one . 
  i started watching it on the january 1st , i 'm almost on season 5 . 
  watched a season and a half per day . 
  and on the january 1st , i 've watched season 7 on tv , and then i came back to the 1st one . 
  what ? 
  oh yeah , going for the 5th tonight . 
  and possibly the 6th . 
  i live in portugal , budget up to 80 $ - 90 $ . 
  i got an external wd some years ago and it was shit , i do n't like wd that much after that external hdd went to shit . 
  the samsung yes , i was thinking about it . 
  fact : i was adorable up until 10 years old , then i became ugly , at 21 , i have a big nose , and a shitty chin , good jawline though , so what are you saying is that i 'm still going to be good looking ? 
   by default, 
  you really had to say that did n't you ? 
  i have a shitty nose and a no where to be seen chin . 
  by default , jesus fucking christ man . 
  if i ca n't even be good looking by default , i do n't know what i should do about myself . 
  we do n't know what op wants . 
  grades matter depending on what field you want to work with . 
  want to be a doctor ? 
  yeah , you need a 's to get into college . 
  want to be a filmmaker like me ? 
  yeah , you can have whatever grades you want , you will actually need to be skilled and know what the fuck you are doing to get into the industry , and you have to be social in order to establish a network of people . 
  i ca n't remember of more examples because i have n't slept in 24 hours , but grades differ from whatever career you want . 
  tuco was supposed to die , fuck him and his tight tight tight shit . 
  jesus , why are you doing this to me ? 
  i 've bought a 3ds two years ago , but had to sold it because it was an us one and i 'm european . 
  why ? 
  do you sell ? 
  i 'm european , but i want some of there . 
  this is the first time i actually say , damn nigga nice paintings . 
  yeah , i need to gain some weight . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and i love films and tv shows , and sometimes i 'm glad i live on a small country where people do n't really know and care that much about film , so that i can go to the movies and watch a movie without that shit happening to me . 
  last movie i saw on the theater was 50/50 and there atleast probably 5 to 10 people in the theater watching that , no noise , no nothing . 
  now i only need a home theater . 
  i 'm just glad that no one on my shitty country , portugal , knows who quentin tarantino is , so i can go watch the movie in peace . 
  it actually makes me very sad , on the verge of depression . 
  my career dream is tv/filmmaking in the us , but i 'm from a small country named portugal who has more debt that i do n't really want to know about , and the minimum wage is 485 $ / ~ 600 $ , and sometimes it makes me think that if for just a moment i could be successfull and happy on my dream career i would have that money in a matter of months , as in , if i were to save the money i earn on this country , just to get the 50k $ that op has , i would n't even be able to do it because it 's impossible to save money in this country without stopping eating . 
  it 's sad , very sad . 
  do i need to have a newer motherboard to have a ssd ? 
  i have an asus p5k and my primary disk is an ide . 
  that 's nice . 
  i have an ide and a sata , and so , i think i 'm going to save to buy a samsung . 
  thanks . 
  you were talking about us isp 's , and let me tell you about shitty portuguese isp 's , one named zon . 
  from 7am to 1:40 pm , it 's when i got up until now , it disconnected 15 times , that 's probably more than 2 times an hour . 
  one day you will see in the fucking news , `` portuguese goes on killing spree in zon hq . 
  killer says zon has been disconnecting every 15 minutes since july 2012 . '', 
  i would say that somethings give them away , but they could also be drunk , or they could also be tired as fuck , because sometimes when you get tired as fuck , you just do n't really have any sense on what you do or say . 
  anyhoo , i laughed as fuck . 
  context ?
