  you can use paypal , or any other thing like skrill or perfect money . 
  do your research before talking , but then again , this is reddit . 
  people talk out of their ass all the time . 
  when i saw the life in technicolor ii videoclip , i cried . 
  like a bitch . 
  it was and it is beautiful . 
  this is the most fucking awesome thing i 've seen on reddit in 4 years !, 
  i like it . 
  but then again , i like everything from coldplay . 
  it 's fucking great . 
  and spies is fucking perfect !, 
  and i 'm almost sure the song is about different perspectives in life , not directly related to spies , but how we see our problems and the problems of others , and vice-versa !, 
  and something like postcards from far away . 
  spend, 
  your, 
  whole, 
  life, 
  living, 
  the, 
  past, 
  going, 
  where, 
  what, 
  are, 
  drinking, 
  when, 
  we 're done, 
  glasses, 
  water !, 
  i respect shouting because of coldplay !, 
  coldplay is love !, 
  coldplay is life !, 
  that there are cemeteries in london , and that god came to my garden but i did n't let him in , because my heart was n't open . 
  of course !, 
  who do you think i am ? 
  how the fuck did i forgot about that ? 
  i fail you motogp god . 
  i fail you motogp subreddit . 
  yep . 
  nope , never drove one . 
  but the car looks good . 
  i would like to test drive it though before buying one . 
  subaru has n't made any good looking cars since 1999 , except for this brz model . 
  what about the brz sti ? 
  is n't it more powerful ? 
  i do n't know much about cars , but brz is very good looking . 
  i 'm tall though , 6 ' 4 '' , so idea if i 'll fit in the car . 
  on the impreza i fit very very nicely . 
  what about the brz sti ? 
  is n't it more powerful ? 
  i do n't know much about cars , but brz is very good looking . 
  if i was rich . 
  what ? 
  i have the live 2003 dvd for a few years and i have n't watched it ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with me ? 
  why ? 
  when did he wear this ? 
  i would much prefer his x&y clothes . 
  oh shit , if warlords of draenor can bring back the joy i had when i discovered wotlk and ret/holy paladins , then i 'm in again !, 
  i lost my virginity this year , in april , i was and am 22 years old . 
  it feels good , but meh . 
  i do n't know if this is `` a lot of sex '' , which i know it is not , maybe going past 20 times this year , because i 'm in a long distance relationship , but yeah , if i do n't have sex , i also feel like `` meh , who gives a shit , imma order a pepperoni pizza and some ice tea . '', 
  this was really beautiful , i had a few tears in the end , when the boat goes down the waterfall , but they both start flying together . 
   and that 's how you friendzone your wife , my friend . 
  ftfy, 
  not even at 21 he can reach the ground . 
  that is a damn good movie !, 
  shut up !, 
  yep , too much . 
  i 'm thinking in ordering from thomann.de since they have shipping free on over 200 $ . 
  thanks though . 
  i 'm thinking in buying new speakers for 200 $ -250 $ , i 'm portuguese , so it needs to be a european website . 
  i currently have the logitech x-530 5.1 bought on amazon for # 50 , i think or something like that . 
  want to step it up a bit , because probably these are a bit outdated and i could get something even better and be it just a 2.1 or something like that , since i 'm only using a 3.1 setup . 
  i do n't use the back speakers . 
  i mostly listen to coldplay , so it should be crisp sound on highs , and lows should be powerful . 
  i 'm thinking 200 $ -250 $ is good enough for good speakers . 
  i 'm thinking the jbl , you need to buy a pair , right ? 
  clearly he 's no kqly . 
  there 's some nice vacation there , my friend . 
  i 'm actually european , so i would need to buy from an european store . 
  thanks though , i did n't remember about the takamine . 
  i have that and not in the good way , it 's called ocd . 
  and because my girlfriend is not a virgin , i have that . 
  she touched someone , so now she is contaminated , and i ca n't marry her now :d, 
   dishonor !, 
  dishonor on your whore famiry !, 
  dishonor on you !, 
  dishonor on your cow !, 
  ftfy, 
  actually , i do have ocd and i 'm being medicated for it . 
  i have ocd when i have sex with her , and i need to stop and think good thoughts to avoid insulting her to make myself feel better , hence the ritual , which is me saying that she was a fucking whore and bitch for doing what she did , i 'm not going into detail , because fuck it . 
  so , when i started doing this , i went to the fucking doctor , because how could i treat a person i love so much , so badly ? 
  so , if you knew what ocd actually is , you would n't have commented on this shit . 
  i do n't need to explain what 's the obession here and the compulsion . 
  and there are a lot of forms of ocd , so thank you for letting me know what ocd is , but you are wrong . 
  all this topkek . 
  do you want a fucking picture of my fucking meds ? 
  of course . 
  yep .
