  i 've already updated a few hours ago , when i saw the news , should i do this anyway ? 
  edit : nevermind , i updated via catalyst control center , so i think everything is running fine . 
  yeah . 
  thanks . 
  i overclocked it to 3.0 ghz , and with a tuniq tower 120 , the temps are 75\u00bac / 80\u00bac , but yeah , i 'm thinking in buying an i5 and a new board . 
  appeal to it , like other redditor said . 
  here is the [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/16xdp9/iama_former_nintendo_employee_ama/c809lym ) . 
  yo mario , the shrooms you sold me gave me an headache , come on dude , i could have been in serious trouble . 
  that 's me !, 
  you are my favourite customer . 
  oh god , i almost fell of my fucking chair . 
  and i really mean it . 
  i never saw this and i 've watched entourage from the first to the last season twice , how the fuck ? 
  matt daymion . 
  and now i read your comment in an indian accent , and now i 'm speaking in an indian accent , why . 
  is the cost of life there high ? 
  for a week of vacation how much do you think i would be needed to save to have a good time in there ? 
  yeah , those 3 cities sound great . 
  thanks . 
  cold is cool . 
  thank you . 
  thanks , i will , thanks . 
  thanks man , i appreciate it . 
  i went to the doctor a few months ago , as in , more than 6 months ago , and i told him i had anxiety , but since i 'm only 20 , he only gave me some pills named valdispert , i was taking 4 a day , and still i had crippling anxiety where i would miss class because i did n't want to present shit to the class , i got a colleague from the uk , i think he smokes every day , and he keeps telling me to try weed that would help reduce my anxiety . 
  i however , smoked some two years ago , but i think it was shitty because i did n't feel a thing . 
  so , to find good weed where i live it 's almost impossible , since they are all shitty , and most people do n't know shit about weed , they just buy from someone else , and resell , etc , so i would have to * grow * my own , i just do n't know what strain , and if it really helps with anxiety or any other shit . 
  thanks , if you could send me those pics , i would be appreciated . 
  thanks again . 
  thanks man , glad it worked out for you . 
  congratulations man . 
  yeah , that 's one of my concerns , the paranoia . 
  i searched some strains on this website , http://www.leafly.com/ , and some of them can help with the anxiety but also make you paranoid , and i do n't want that shit because i already have anxiety that makes me uncomfortable , i do n't need any other shit . 
  that 's cool , what do you smoke ? 
  so what you are saying is that i have to go for a 4 or a 5 to get married ? 
  * shit . 
  i was actually going to ask how they did that , but now i do n't even have to . 
  thanks op !, 
  one of the triggers is wanting something and knowing i probably wo n't be able to have it . 
  example one : i 'm getting mad as fuck for not having a career in film/tv industry , that shit is making me mad as fuck , and i know that if i was in a different situation , as in , a different country , i could make something out of it , and the anger is building and growing inside of me that one day , i will be so fucking mad , that i will sell some of my shit to move countries . 
  example two : the example of today , i had a service that was n't working as i wanted and expected so i had to fix it to be happier than i was with the current internet situation , so i got mad once again and that madness evolved into doing something to fix the problem . 
  other than that , i do n't know . 
  it works sometimes with my ocd aswell . 
  thanks man , appreciated . 
  i hope you get better soon . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  thanks , congratulations to you too . 
  last girl i was kinda fond of , almost made me do that . 
  i almost did that , i almost got what it was needed to ask her out , but i did n't get there , well next time . 
  but yeah , i think you are right . 
  thanks . 
  another example , two years ago , so my dream is to work on the film/tv industry , and i had the opportunity to act in a shitty play and be the lead role in a shitty play . 
  the day where we were supposed to do the play , i was so fucking anxious that 5 minutes before the play starting , i was talking in radio voice and doing radio commercials , and whatever , i thought in just running away from that shit , and never come back , like the fight or flight response , but something made me stay there , and i got compliments on my acting , i was even asked if i was a professional actor . 
  i can , and i also dreamt a couple of times in english . 
  if i had any money i would give you gold , unfortunately i do n't , but you made my day , and my week , which have been fucking shitty . 
  this makes me remember my first play two years ago , we got a shitty director , who was inexperienced as fuck , gave us some shitty adaptation made by her from a shitty book , and told us , work with this shit . 
  work how ? 
  what the fuck do you want from this ? 
  really ? 
  no direction ? 
  i seriously could have done a better job than her . 
  well , i guess that 's why no one likes to work with her . 
  it was a shitty local play with a girl that had taken a theater major or something , i do n't know , it was not from a school . 
  nah , i did it for `` the art '' . 
  it was a local amateur thing did by the city council to promote theater or art in the city , i was the lead , and i had no idea what she wanted , but i still did it , with the help of colleagues , who knew not that much also , and we put something that for me , was good , because i had people asking me if i was a professional actor . 
  and when i say good , i do n't mean that the play was good , but atleast what we could do without a director who was clearly arrogant and thought she knew anything , but could n't actually direct anyone , and how we got around that was good . 
  so , paycheck was non-existant . 
  i did a play last year , or two years ago , where i had two monologues with probably 5 to 10 lines each , and a few dialogue , and i memorized it one week before the play opening . 
  what worked for me was saying it out loud , i memorized one of the monologues in 15 to 30 minutes . 
  context for a european ? 
  what happened ? 
  but i 'm not good looking . 
  i see confidence in there . 
  these feels , i do n't want to feel them anymore . 
  surpress the feelings, 
  ^ fuck ^ it , ^ i ^ cried ^ yesterday ^ because ^ i ^ know ^ i ^ will ^ never ^ be ^ happy . 
  feelings !, 
  you shall not pass !, 
   finding happiness in whatever conditions, 
  those are the conditions that are making me depressed to be honest . 
  but thank you . 
  yeah , the idea media gives of americans is pretty shitty . 
  i 'm portuguese , and i would like to visit/live on the us for quite some time , and i fear that when i get there , i will be insulted and other shit . 
  i ca n't give an opinion , because i 've never been there , but from what i see on the media , it 's that , muh freedom muh ` murica . 
  we are n't 100 % atheist . 
  here in portugal , i moved to a city , where in my class of 20 + people , i was the the only atheist . 
  you should come to portugal , to be exact , porto . 
  people from porto have the fame of being extremely fucking friendly . 
  a part of me wants to move to the us because of the shitty fast food there . 
  should i ? 
  a part of me wants to move to the us because of the shitty fast food there . 
  should i ? 
  what do the american people think , when i talk to them in a shitty english with a shitty western european accent ? 
  oh yeah , sorry , you 're right , i just read your comment and though you wanted an explanation about a different thing about europe . 
  i can do it , but i get so fucking self-conscious about my accent , i look like a fucking hillbilly from europe . 
  i 'm portuguese and i want a t-shirt like that aswell . 
  freedom in ` rtugal !, 
  i do n't think we even have money here , so , i guess you 're out of luck . 
  really cool , i kinda want to know how to make these . 
  son , fuck you , i know what a smartphone is , it 's a phone that 's smart . 
  now get off my fucking lawn , and it is now illegal to unlock your cellphone , if you unlock it , fuck you , you are going to jail .
