  intense eye contact during conversation . 
  have happened to me very recently , 2 weeks ago , and the eye contact , not less than 3 days ago . 
  so , now i am not sure if flirting or just beeing nice . 
  also , i do n't know if the legs accidentally touching under table were on purpose or not . 
  i do n't know what i to think . 
  the things like, 
  legs accidentally touching under table , then not moving . 
  alternatively , getting caught looking and looking away quickly / getting flustered / trying to hide it . 
  intense eye contact during conversation . 
  have happened to me very recently , 2 weeks ago , and the eye contact , not less than 3 days ago . 
  so , now i am not sure if flirting or just beeing nice . 
  also , i do n't know if the legs accidentally touching under table were on purpose or not . 
  i do n't know what i to think . 
  here in portugal , nothing is sold by the gallon , only water on containers of 5lt . 
  we 're fucked up man . 
  my history says that she will say no , so no , she is very intelligent and cute , but no . 
  if you want to date the girl , i would say no ? 
  i do n't know why , but it just seems too forward , but that 's just me , and i 'm a male so i really do n't know . 
  if you do n't want to date , and want to do it just to be nice , well , i would say go ahead . 
  all the girls i have asked something , they all have said no , so i do n't want to be crushed again . 
  thank you for all the advice . 
  the reason i do n't ask her on a date or phone number is because it would make my social anxiety or anxiety in general go through the roof , since she is in my class and we have classes everyday , and she and her friends are in the same class aswell , and they talk about stuff , and i do n't like people talking about me , which makes once again my anxiety go through the roof and make me very uncomfortable . 
  also , i do n't know if that was flirting or not . 
  also , two days ago , i was explaining the end of a film to her , she is intelligent and cute , i just could n't really look her in the eyes for more than 5 seconds , while she was in that locking eye contact , i had the feeling that she was looking through my soul or some kind of crazy shit . 
  the morning of that day , she did a presentation of shakespear 's romeo and juliet for a class , and while she was doing the presentation she was looking a lot to me , and during those 5 minutes , i had no problem locking my eyes on her , she looked to me a lot of times and even smiled to me and i had no problem with that . 
  i start to `` shiver '' when i talk and have to make eye contact for a very long time , i start to be very self-conscious . 
  my anxiety , and fear of beeing talked about and ridiculized after i talk to her , if she is n't flirting at all , would just keep me from focus on other things , like getting better grades and study . 
  it would just completely fuck up my life for a few moments/weeks/months . 
  on the other side , i really liked to talk to her , even though it was for a very short time , i would really like to know her better . 
  jesus take the wheel !, 
  * again *, 
  yes , i know that , the thing that i am very confused about , is if i am just imagining everything on my head , because i find her attractive or if her is really flirting with me . 
  when i first started classes , i caught her looking at me sometimes , like looks of half a second , one second , and quickly look away , so i thought this could be maybe because of me beeing new in the class or something like that . 
  i will keep myself the same way , and i would really like to just casually talk to her in some way , but i am so paranoid of going to her when we are surronded or not by colleagues . 
  the tought i have of her talking about me to her friends makes me very anxious , and i would really like for her to make a first step . 
  i would really like to avoid the friend zone , she is the first girl i have met/known that has common interests with me , so , she even read shakespeare . 
  school is almost ending though , and i am almost sure that we will have no contact for about two weeks . 
  i am anxious and excited at the moment , what ? 
  thanks for the advice man . 
  a recent survey of one person revelead that 100 % of me thinks that i should leave work early , whenever i want , now !, 
  i really hope you are right , but there is a part of me that i 'm just making all this up , and that none of this is true , and i 'm really just creating things on my head . 
  and i am almost sure that i wo n't be capable of giving `` a '' next step , because i have bad memories from other times with other girls , and i am just very afraid of beeing rejected and having to deal with that for months . 
  i think i will keep to myself , like i have been doing and let 's see what happens . 
  thanks man . 
  oh man , it hurts so much that i have kinda created a shield about this , last time i got a girlfriend , just to see how fucking silly am i , we have dated for about a week , and she told me she was falling in love for me , it kinda stuck on me , because no one have ever told me that was falling for me . 
  a week after , she broke up with me through a text message , i was with friends eating at mcdonalds , i saw the text message , i finished eating , got up , went home and just fucking cried . 
  then , when i passed by her in school , she looked at me and smiled , i looked at her passing by with a fucking serious face , and did n't say anything . 
  that shit kinda fucked me up i think , and other things about girls aswell , but i think that one was the most serious thing . 
  also , this girl is in my class , and i do n't want to be mocked by other people if she says no , nor be talked about in general . 
  my anxiety just fucks me up . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't know anymore to be honest , today she did the 1 second look about 2 or 3 times , but i really do n't know . 
  maybe it 's just my imagination or something . 
  well , meh . 
  i have been alone for 4 years , so more wo n't hurt . 
  the wondering is better than getting crushed i think , i do n't have to deal with the seeing her everyday after she says no . 
  wondering has that magic that makes you fantasize at night about the relationship that you could have . 
  after she says no , your brain just gets messed up , you do n't want to eat or drink , do n't want to do anything that you used to like to do . 
  well , i do n't know about this to be honest , i am in the far back , 5 feet from the door alone , and there is no one behind me in the class and she is in the other end , and for her to look at me has to turn her body more than 100 degrees . 
  i really like when i get those really quick glances , but they could be just my imagination , in like `` omg she looked at me '' , when she was just well looking at me . 
  do n't know if you catch this . 
  if she thinks the same of getting hurt then we are both fucked up , because i am too afraid to go talk to her . 
  why ? 
  yes , people are different , but after that one girl in 2008 , i just got introvert and asocial and never talked to anyone , until now , where i am getting the feeling where everything is going to go wrong again , and i will isolate me for a couple of years more . 
  the awkward part is the one that fucking affects me due to my social anxiety . 
  i ca n't stand anyone talking about me , she has a lot of female friends in the class , and i do n't want to be talked about if i come clean with her or get rejected or anything else . 
  i just fucking fear that shit . 
  also , i do n't know her that well , i know her for about 3 or 4 weeks and i just talked to her a couple of times and i could see that she is very intelligent . 
  so , maybe waiting some more time would n't hurt . 
  fuck , this happened to me yesterday in class , a girl was smiling at me , and i first looked behind just to check if she was n't smiling at anyone behind me . 
  she was n't and then laughed because of what i did . 
  '' * mcintosh * said in an exclusive jailhouse interview with the daily news that his oct. 13 shift at the greenwich village fast food joint was peaceful until denise darbeau and rachel edwards , both 24 , attempted to pay their check with a $ 50 bill . 
  read more : http://www.nydailynews.com/news/mcdonald-beatdown-cashier-freed-11-days-grand-jury-testimony-article-1.986141#ixzz1ftatikgo '', 
  * mcintosh *, 
  * mc * * in * * tosh *, 
  ** macintosh **, 
  does anyone know why this happened ? 
  stealing , how ? 
  because there are a lot other people using other peoples videos to earn some money on youtube . 
  or a golden retriever . 
  the point is , they know . 
  yes , his/their writing was not the best , it was so simple that sometimes it made me laugh , yes , i watched it . 
  but since he was the # 1 on youtube , i do n't see him getting banned or canceled . 
  also , he produces other shows i think , so he will continue to earn some money , even though his show is supposedly done . 
  and yet , i agree with you , i think this is just a scheme for him to get more views and shit . 
  oh yes , he used some videos of a bbc tv show , where a guy kicks the things of girl when she says she has a boyfriend . 
  i may have matured very fast , or due to my social anxiety i 'm not like that , but i have never wanted to fuck everyone around me , well maybe when i 'm horny or something , but i always thought in having the perfect girl with me . 
  but do n't mind me , this comes from a 19 year old male virgin . 
  maybe he just did , and now is happy . 
  that has something to do with the side of the brain , i 've read it somewhere . 
  if you want to know if someone is lying , look at their eyes , if they look to the left , your right , they are lying . 
  if they look to the right , your left , they are trying to remember something . 
  this occurs due to the part of the brain where your memories are kept and where your imagination is . 
  carrot . 
  yes , i said it too . 
  what the fuck ? 
  stranger in the street : what the fuck are you doing ? 
  you : fapping , what the fuck ? 
  shut up . 
  * and you continue .
