  that 's what i want to know , if i have social anxiety or just generalized anxiety disorder , because i have no problem talking to people , it 's just my brain thinks to much before going to somewhere , as in , opening a play as a lead ? 
  oh shit , i better run . 
  going to the doctor ? 
  anxiety . 
  going to school ? 
  anxiety . 
  going to work ? 
  anxiety . 
  is it like that with you aswell ? 
  that 's what barney would call his son . 
  i have the same gpu , how 's that going on for you ? 
  i have the sapphire hd 7950 vapor-x oc 3gb , and i also have shitty fps . 
  on world of warcraft , it ca n't max ultra at 1280x1024 75hz , but i 've read it 's because of drivers and extremely uncompatibility between wow and amd . 
  need for speed : most wanted same shit , far cry 3 aswell , assassin 's creed 3 aswell . 
  i 'm running a q6600 @ 2.4 ghz and 4gb ram ddr2 , maybe it 's bottlenecked by the cpu , but at ultra settings i ca n't get 60fps at any game . 
  yeah , i already have the i5-3570k , and i 'm going to upgrade to 8gb ddr3 and then 16gb , and i 'm waiting for the ud5h to arrive . 
  that 's probably a joke . 
   3 e 's, 
  half life 3 confirmed . 
  your username has a 3 on it . 
  half life 3 confirmed . 
  what is this and why is this bad acted ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and i wo n't . 
   take a year or two, 
  i did , and my passion for film and tv just grew . 
  i took some science/chemistry classes to see if i could go that path , as in , study and work in the science industry , as a doctor or something like that , but meh , my fucking passion is film and tv , which makes my depression big as fuck . 
  i want to move to the us , but family and money . 
  why are you making me even more depressed ? 
  steve buscemi was n't bad looking when he was young . 
  there are no genuinely bad looking people in hollywood . 
  it makes me sad , because i 'm bad looking and i will never make it , even if i had more talent than daniel day lewis . 
  i thought this shit too , i 've been 21 since the 23rd this month , and jesus christ , my depression is getting bigger and bigger , and it does n't help that my dream is to work in the film industry . 
  me too dude . 
  and it gets depressing after a while knowing that there is probably no one else out there like her . 
  one day , i will be an hollywood actor , and date jennifer lawrence , and when she wins her 4th oscar , i will go with her to the stage . 
  yeah , that 's it , she 's mine !, 
  is that guy from sherlock ? 
  look at his facial structure , or his jaw line . 
  it 's there , so , it counts as good looking . 
  you will never see or never saw an actor or actress with a shitty jawline or no chin . 
  not really bad looking , i do n't think so , yet , a very good actor . 
  paul giamatti - ot really bad looking , i do n't think so , yet , a very good actor . 
  rachel dratch , rhea perlman , vincent schiavelli . 
  - not relevant , a-list or tv star , or were that much at any point . 
   but i do n't think he hit cynthia too much . 
  is too much acceptable now ? 
  he does n't , atleast not from me . 
  i had never seen the first picture of the album , jesus !, 
  edit : or most of them , thanks . 
  edit 2 : she is just perfect . 
  hijacking this comment to post the hd video . 
  ryan gosling ? 
  i did n't see him at the oscars . 
  i think she has some kind of anxiety or social anxiety . 
  she went on craig ferguson and was really bad , but i think she has some kind of anxiety , yes , like amanda seyfried , they get very uncomfortable in those situations . 
  she really does n't look like nick cage !, 
  i do n't think the flu joke means what you think it means . 
   and , really , winter 's bone was n't a bad little movie . 
  winter 's bone is a fucking great movie . 
  i 've read this somewhere , but the average age of the academy voters is 70 + . 
  thanks , but i do n't even know what is windows indexing and what are junctions . 
  i plan on multiboxing world of warcraft and play the ocasional fps or game that 's released . 
  can i download normally to the ssd , like a film or a tv show or a game ? 
  thanks . 
  ah , thanks for the explanation . 
  i do n't think i need to use junctions because i do n't have that much on my computer besides world of warcraft , which is less than 20gb . 
  but the windows index thing will be disabled . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  currently i have a sata with 320gb and an ide with 160gb . 
  i use the sata as main because it 's faster and the ide as a storage , that is n't that big , but it has some tv shows and films . 
  but when my new motherboard arrives , ud5h , i wo n't be able to use the ide hdd , so my ssd will be used as a main boot . 
  i 'll probably use it for windows 7 or 8 , world of warcraft , chrome , and vmware , and media player classic and the sata will be used for storage . 
  i do n't use it for anything else , so i think i wo n't take that much space on it . 
  thanks . 
  how does he sleep or rest ? 
  thanks . 
  sometimes you do n't need to format , just go to disk management and add a letter . 
  you are couchsurfing ? 
  come to my fucking house . 
  see trofa ( porto ) , and i have a friend who lives in evora . 
  nice . 
  i can even them . 
  * with my hands * . 
  * or whatever * . 
  her voices are quite similar though . 
  korea is fucked as fuck . 
  and money . 
  i have the same psu , are the cables still like that ? 
  * i do n't want to kill you , we both have to smoke !, 
  academy award nominated actor louis ck . 
  i was going to make a joke about my true love is now in kindergarten , but it would be fucking bad . 
  i wish i had a * friend * like jennifer lawrence . 
  making movies , kissing her in every movie and then getting paid for doing it ? 
  that is heaven . 
  are you telling me i 'll end up alone ? 
  teach me how to do that . 
  the split-screen . 
  articulating screen ? 
  a friend has a 550d and he showed me some movies in youtube shot with the 550d , and i loved it , but if the 600d is better , than i 'll probably look into it .
