  that was the wrong thing to say here . 
  cheese curds own . 
   the big cultural divisions in north america seem to go east -- west rather than north -- south . 
  absolutely incorrect . 
  strange that you compared canada to european instead of american . 
  fyi , the us/canada border is basically unguarded in the unpopulated areas . 
  it might be the longest unguarded border in the world , or one of the longest . 
  in the populated areas there are standard border checkpoints . 
  germoney if you keep bending over backwards a little more , eventually your head will be up your ass, 
  hey sweden maybe you should stop provoking . 
  bill browder & sergei magnitsky ( rip ) . 
  read the book , watch the videos . 
  case closed . 
  they 'll take your money then take the asset back lol . 
  brilliant on their part if anyone falls for it, 
  lj is amazing !, 
  i went a few summers ago and absolutely loved it all . 
  cheap , beautifully charming and full of character . 
  awesome area on the river where everyone eats and drinks outside . 
  small enough to not spend too much time getting from one place to another . 
  and slovenia as a whole is fucking awesome . 
  bled ... magical dreams . 
  texting obama asap, 
  not even close to the extent that they do, 
  they do love their welfare ( making a joke guys ), 
  enjoy that us provided defense . 
  you get all kinds of social systems and healthcare and education provided . 
  since i financially support a colossal military , i do not . 
   university of waterloo which is one of the best eng/math/cs / physics school in north-america [ ummm ] ( http://www.usnews.com/education/best-global-universities/university-of-waterloo-499966 ), 
  read : they 're already watching everything and now leaking this to gauge ( lack of ) public reaction, 
  bro you just got multiculturalized, 
  what is a ukrainian wage like ? 
  what does bulgaria need fighter jets for ? 
  amazing, 
  i was under the impression that hungary was crazy anti weed . 
  harsh punishment etc, 
  do n't they get in trouble for that ? 
  history has a funny way of repeating itself . 
  dude , that sucks . 
  i 'm a recently graduated ( chemical ) engineer . 
  we get paid lots of money over here . 
  come join . 
  first round is on me . 
  just got ta diversify the economy . 
  how you do that , well , that 's the trillion dollar question . 
  is she a russian speaking lithuanian or russia russian ? 
  if she were the former could n't she get a lithuanian passport and go wherever she wants ? 
  a little backstory , please . 
  if you do n't mind . 
  i 'm confused, 
  what is wrong with latvia/why are the other two better ? 
  it 's usually easy upvotes in / r/europe though, 
  surely you 're smarter than to assume an internet stranger represents 330 million people . 
  right ? 
  last time i suggested europe use english i was massively downvoted , but switzerland sounds like the perfect place to do so . 
  i ca n't imagine holding meetings , events or speeches in three languages constantly switching or worrying who might not understand or who may be offended you did n't use their language . 
  why not just use a neutral language ( english ) ? 
  edit : i should have changed my flag before posting this, 
  i sincerely hope all serbs and bosnian serbs are not as paranoid as you, 
  so it sounds like dayton wo n't be broken then . 
  0 % chance anyone lets balkan war 2.0 happen . 
  do people think they 're going to invade bosnia ? 
  to me , it 's as crazy as it sounds, 
  maybe some is lost in translation but it sounds like the embassy called on rs to listen to whatever the court said ? 
  too late for anything though , the invasion forces are on their way as we speak, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking over the internet, 
  i 'm confused about usa raping you ... ? 
  a thread about the balkans ? 
  got my popcorn ready, 
  just curious , do you talk to the danskj\u00e4vlar in english ? 
  how much money would be saved by never having to translate things ? 
  no more paperwork , interpreters , making websites in 3 languages etc. 
  no more printing labels in 10 languages . 
  no more user 's manuals in 10 languages . 
  seems highly efficient , no ? 
  you also should n't assume i 'm monolingual . 
  if that were the case i 'd be fucked . 
  the only italian i know gets me pasta cheese wine and coffee ... now that i think about it that is the life !, 
  so how long until everyone just uses english ? 
  think of all the money and confusion that could be saved, 
  fucking savage edit : are you from the south ? 
  wrong . 
  we 're taught from a young age when you enter someone 's house ( including your own ) you take your shoes off . 
  i know 0 people that leave their shoes on ... 
  well greece is pretty poor and romania is very poor so the cities are n't great by our standards , imo, 
  romania is cool . 
  went a few years ago . 
  visit the countryside that 's the cool part . 
  bucharest is kinda ugly . 
  transfaragasan is amazinggggg look up the top gear episode they did there . 
  tranyslvania is a neat area , do go !, 
  my country does n't do this . 
  people would think you 're nuts for doing this i think . 
  dishwashers dry dishes as well for us . 
  in fact , if i had to wash dishes by hand and dry them by hand i would go get takeout or eat off paper plates . 
  edit : [ here are some typical dishwashers for us ] ( http://www.homedepot.com/b/appliances-dishwashers-built-in-dishwashers/front-control/n-5yc1vzc3njz1z10atj ), 
  some of it is n't nearly as valid as the circlejerkers think . 
  some is . 
  if people are interested i 'll delve into examples but i do n't want to appear to be some murican shill going on a crusade about domestic social institutions . 
  reddit loves to circlejerk anti-american stuff since it 's in the biggest spotlight but if russia fucks up they 'll circlejerk that instead .
