  at first i thought so , but then i found it hypocritical ( ? ), 
  to claim to know something about the us and take it as fact when in reality he has never been there and really does n't know much . 
  le / r/europe usa circjerk, 
  i think i 'm missing some kind of irony or sarcastic tone that is n't conveyed via text ... 
  great idea . 
  america saves europe from itself for the third time !, 
  if it truly is that powerful perhaps you should pray yourself out of depression and into a new job . 
  yes , case closed . 
  i 'm glad we can stop arguing about oecd facts . 
  but there 's nothing to pray about !, 
  hence my use of the word ` would ' . 
  it was career advice . 
  i personally know two people who just finished their 12 weeks . 
  surprise , surprise ... they still have their jobs ( because it 's the law ) . 
  i recognize all of the subcategories of debt . 
  i stated to op that he is wrong to think that americans have more debt than europeans . 
  they do n't , according to oecd . 
  case closed . 
   yes , americans do everything better and america is a better place to live . 
  yes , americans have less problems with debt and only this can be true . 
  lol . 
  never claimed that either . 
  you 'd make a terrible lawyer . 
  there 's a law that says every person is entitled to up to 12 weeks off work for medical or family reasons and they can not be fired . 
  this is a law . 
  a federal law . 
  it applies in all fifty states . 
  personally , i have unlimited sick time and medical leave . 
   go see what happens in your high powered job if you do n't toe the line and say `` yes '' to your boss/master . 
  you wo n't last long in your 6 figure job if you do n't figure out how it really works . 
  are you complaining about world order or the us here ? 
  if it 's the latter then i have to say it works the same was as in europe . 
  i think i 've figured it out . 
  to you , debt is only revolving/short term debt . 
  to you , mortgages and long term debt do n't count as debt . 
  this way of thinking is probably the reason europeans owe so much money to lenders than americans . 
   the loan and credit culture is very different here . 
  he was just trying to point out the difference . 
  i know in the us , it is hard to see living any other way than to have lots of loans all your life , but people in other developed countries do not live this way and are able to have the things they need . 
  you claim to know things that are your opinions . 
  * europeans have more loans than americans ( see oecd chart ) . 
  this can not be refuted . 
  *  i know in the us , it is hard to see living any other way than to have lots of loans all your life it seems to me that europe finds it more difficult to live without owing money to lenders . 
  ** again , europeans have more loans than americans ( see oecd chart ) **, 
  you really have no idea how things work ... 
  op , relative to my initial comment , said that it is more common to take on debt ( `` loans , interest rates and credit card bills '' ) in the us than it is in europe . 
  i posted oecd 's data to state that it actually looks like europeans take on more debt ( `` loans , interest rates and credit card bills '' ) . 
  i still ca n't figure out how anyone can argue that europeans do n't take on more debt, 
  i do n't , but i sure as shit call a circlejerk when i see one . 
  mentioning us healthcare or us student loans in / r/europe is as big as a circlejerk gets . 
  / r/europe does n't want to hear about lower us student loan debt or americans not paying for a broken leg . 
  it does n't make for a good story nor does it fit the circlejerk, 
  i never made any claim about types of debt or who has more of one subset . 
  i 'm not sure why you decided that i did make that claim , although i can read between the lines and deduce that maybe you think if i supposedly make one claim as to a subset of debt type and it is refuted then my primary argument is somehow wrong ? 
  i never made that claim ... my primary argument is backed up by oecd 's data . 
  if you want to pick a subcategory of debt and decide that it paints a worse picture in the us and europe , okay , fine , no one expects the breakdown to be identical ... just do n't forget how big those bars are on the right hand side of that oecd graph . 
  i have multiple credit cards for this and this alone . 
  i have tons of airline points . 
  / r/europe overexaggeration . 
  if i broke my leg i would expect it to cost nothing . 
  the federal reserve determines average credit card debt per household and it was most recently about $ 7500 . 
  this is n't high enough to bridge the gap to the some of the household debt numbers oecd reports for europe . 
  like you suggest , do n't let reality get in your way ... 
  this, 
  sometimes i wonder if europe has learned anything from the us when it comes to amassing marginalized , poor minority groups in one area . 
  but then they go and invite more and i realize they 've learned nothing, 
  you mean belgium 's benefits of multiculturalism ? 
  taking loans/credit is much more common in europe , see oecd household debt by country, 
  look up household debt by country, 
  the problems start and nearly end with ghetto culture . 
  this is not at all politically correct ( pc assessment would be to blame anything but the people themselves ) but it is the most accurate . 
  aka the 21st century, 
  i was n't implying people need to be armed , although it does work in some places . 
   ireland damn you, 
  touche . 
  other than that ? 
  do any eu countries have laws that say official documents must be available in english ( as well as the native language ) ? 
  just curious, 
  cheap booze pilgrimage ? 
  but why let facts get in the way of a good bbc story ? 
  you 're welcome, 
  i went to some of the islands , got some sweet airbnb flats and just chilled . 
  10/10 would do again . 
  i miss croatia , so much i thought about buying property there, 
  let 's not get too far ahead of ourselves . 
  i 've been to romania and loved it so i wish things change soon, 
  right , it 's sort of thing here that anyone can be american . 
  this is like a mindset because we all know this country was built by immigrants in 1800s & 1900s edit : i think canada is sort of the same way edit2 : i took swedish in college and my professor had younger kids , about 10 years old , whom she said proclaimed they were american just like their neighbors and friends at school yet they spoke swenglish at home , spend summers in sweden and the parents were both swedes . 
  just a fun anecdote, 
  yeah , our inequality sure sucks but boy do you get rich as fuck when you invent something that goes mainstream, 
  what towns would you recommend ? 
  i drove part of the coast and stopped in rovinj ( is the j pronounced at the end ? ), 
  and it was beautiful . 
  it 's weird how many inventions the us gets credited with but significant contributions were from people trained/educated elsewhere . 
  there 's something about the r&d / innovation culture in the us that seems to bring smart people together and ideas just flourish . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks its putin 's fault , corruption etc is a relic of soviet times, 
  i do n't see a practical difference because none of us have a say in what our own governments are doing . 
  it 's illegal yet done anyways and the politicians do not care . 
  this just in : our leadership and the leadership of our partners are doing the exact . 
  same .
