is n't the real estate bubble sort of kind of back again ? 
  do n't be so stubborn i 'd like to help . 
  just curious , in bg how much does a chemical engineer earn out of university ? 
  how do bulgarians justify spending three months salary on a computer ? 
  i was there a few years ago and whenever i saw someone with an iphone or mac i thought they must be mafia related since they cost like a thousand usd . 
  that is an insane amount of money for people in bg . 
  something just does n't add up . 
  also , how do people buy those luxury cars i saw in sofia ? 
  and what about real estate ? 
  i 'm looking for a place to park some money and land in bg is an idea . 
  what sites would i use to search for real estate ? 
  i used one but the prices seemed to be aimed towards westeners since i do n't see any conceivable way a local could pay what they were asking for . 
  sorry , i 'm full of questions . 
  i 've been kicking around the bg real estate idea for a while but it 's impossible to find english stuff on it . 
  and i assume a lot of the real estate does n't go online . 
  any idea on the price of building a house ? 
  the labor would be reasonably priced for me . 
  first world problems , man, 
  dude i 'm sitting here in a hotel and room service just came by to deliver a shitty beer that i paid more than your daily wage for because i did n't feel like getting up and getting it myself . 
  i kind of feel weird now drinking it as i read your story ... the world is so uneven : / this ai n't right . 
  your job also sounds way harder than mine . 
  pm me your address , pick a restaurant on bgmenu and tell me when you 'll be home . 
  pros : high living standards , high paying jobs if you 're qualified , somewhat lower cost of living compared to peers , high disposable income , country is huge and spans everything from arctic circle to desert to mountains to tropical islands to major cities . 
  diversified economy with global demand for goods and services . 
  different regions have different cultures which is sort of like countries in a country ( makes things interesting ... variety is the spice of life they say ) . 
  housing is typically affordable . 
  individualism is strong and you can be anything you turn yourself into . 
  everyone is welcome to be `` an american '' . 
  high quality of most things you 'll need in life like housing , healthcare , education , consumer goods etc. 
  overall a good place to live if you go to school , get a job , pay taxes etc. 
  cons : many of the pros are also cons . 
  there are high paying jobs if you 're qualified , but if you have no skills you wo n't earn much and you 'll need government assistance with food , housing , education , healthcare etc. 
  country is huge and great for travelling , but the different cultures within one country means things tend to change slowly . 
  nyc is nothing like the deep south in really any political way . 
  good luck coming to a political agreement between the two . 
  individualism is strong and it works well for motivated people who actively pursue opportunities , but mediocre people tend to fall between the cracks so to speak . 
  politics are ... interesting . 
  allocation of federal budget is questionable at best , imo . 
  the south drags the country down ( more religious , poorer , backwards etc ) . 
  insurmountable difficulties with rewriting the documents that the country was founded upon to match modern times . 
  pretty much the best we can do is give it a modern interpretation which only goes so far . 
  too often relied on in international conflicts , but to often resented for doing stuff . 
  too much foreign policy , although some argue the us is a better choice than china or russia as the global leader . 
  costs a lot of tax money to exercise this influence , tax money that could be spend on domestic improvements . 
  the social/government assistance programs have good intentions but are too often poorly executed . 
  too many people get left out . 
  maybe i was n't supposed to do this since i 'm not european but i thought it was interesting do i did it anyway . 
  so in the uk public schools are the elite ones and private are the normal people ones ? 
  i understand very well what printing money does . 
  there is still global demand for us dollars as fiat and reserve currency so thus far supply has n't overtaken demand . 
  i never , ever , ever , ever `` claimed that america 's actions are to defend other people '' . 
  ever . 
  if i recall , the only time i mentioned us defending someone else was nato members in north america and europe . 
  they all defend each other . 
  i pay very little money for healthcare , for the record . 
  something like $ 100 per month . 
  edit : the us owes about 5 trillion dollars to other countries . 
  this is less than 33 % of gdp . 
  the rest it owes itself . 
  check out debt to gdp . 
  there 's much worse . 
  you still do n't understand what owing yourself money in a self controlled fiat currency really means . 
  china does play them , do n't get this part wrong . 
  where did i say that america somehow defends the whole world ? 
  please show me where i said this . 
  could you show me ? 
  i feel the same way russians do about tax money going towards wars . 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  asking someone if they have relatives who died makes you seem pretty miserable ... your post history makes me worry about you . 
  ad hom is n't really applicable because i 've argued your points as well . 
  however , ad hom proves nothing . 
  the root of my supposed ad hom was a question . 
  wars are not a thing only for very young countries such as america . 
  russia is not a young country but it still participates in wars . 
  it has a few going on currently . 
  it had many conflicts going on in the past as part of the ussr . 
  the eu has a vastly larger economy than russia so yes , the eu is more important than russia . 
  as for independent countries , the case still stands for russia 's importance . 
  i will assume you disapprove of russia and china 's stupid little games . 
  why are we talking about hate ? 
  i do n't hate . 
  you 're arguing opinion and i reply with fact . 
  there is n't much disagreement since i 'm the only one to have used fact . 
  why are we talking about russia taking the baltics ? 
  i never made any statement about that outcome so i do n't know why it was brought up if you intend to address my points one-for-one . 
  when the ussr was around they played games . 
  they 're were n't as developed as the west but they were n't undeveloped . 
  britain used to do . 
  they were considered developed back then . 
  france also did it . 
  they were also considered developed . 
  japan did it , they were considered developed . 
  the list goes on and on and on and ... america does n't owe other countries very much money . 
  america owes itself more than anything . 
  you should understand the difference . 
  it is key . 
  this topic can get pretty complicated but it has to do with owing debt in fiat currencies ( that you print ) and that you can manipulate the inflation thereof . 
  what does the 1 % have to do with my historical observations ? 
  i still have n't provided much of my opinion so i am unsure how you believe that you know what i think . 
  again , i 'm sure it is due to your inadequate english language skills .
