  thing . 
  are europeans delusional enough to think that their own countries do n't spy on them and each other ? 
  for fucks sake the us and the european countries are working together on it !, 
  but hey lets blame the us . 
  i remember seeing headlines about the german people getting pissed at the us ( german government blamed the us here ) but they somehow were n't mad that their own government was in on the whole thing too . 
  something does n't make sense , it seems to me like european politicians are simply blaming the us ( because it 's a a popular thing to do ) in order to gain political points . 
  i 'm a native english speaker so the `` th '' is obviously second nature to me , but it 's just hard to imagine it being difficult to stick your tongue between your teeth and blow air out of your mouth . 
  the difference between pronouncing `` t '' and `` th '' is that you just put your tongue a little farther forward for the latter . 
  the `` t '' sound is made when your tongue is closer to the back of your top front teeth/roof of your mouth . 
  you 're actually almost biting the tip of your tongue when you pronounce the `` th '' sound . 
  try this and see what happens ? 
  ps litva sounds bad in english . 
  `` t '' and `` v '' are n't typically neighbors in words, 
  just curious , where did you drop the pins to look ? 
  yeah you 're definitely a troll . 
  or you do n't understand economics . 
  nice try on attempting to ride the / r/europe upvote gravytrain for mentioning us healthcare ( besides how wrong you are about it ) . 
  the russian is poorer , obviously . 
  those apples do n't cost 10 times less . 
  then the ukrainian is even poorer . 
  then the north korean is even poorer . 
  get it ? 
  the guy is trolling . 
  has to be . 
  everything he said is only correct on opposite day, 
  obvious troll is obvious, 
  i somewhat agree with the cost of living comparison , but where i strongly disagree is when an albanian claims that albanians are n't poor . 
  but someone who makes 330 euros per month is poor, 
  yeah , but they make like 3 dollars per hour in poland ... ... ... 
  yes , the lower-middle class part is messed up . 
  like i said , it 's part of a broader issue of them being not poor enough to qualify for government assistance but not being able to have the good insurance . 
  having a medical situation be a life changing event is only something i see on the news or reddit 's broader circlejerk about us healthcare . 
  about the greek healthcare system - i read that having access to healthcare is tied to employment . 
  you only get access for a up to a year when unemployed . 
  so now lots of people do n't have access ? 
  how does this work ? 
  see my longer posts below, 
  i would n't say outright fabrications , but the media , especially european media , will find a story where some medical procedure cost $ 100k and run with it . 
  they ` forget ' to report about medicare , medicaid and all the stuff hospitals do at zero cost for poor people . 
  i mean , you know all about our inner city gun violence . 
  do you really think when a gangster gets shot the hospital charges him $ 100k to fix the bullet wound ? 
  there 's no point . 
  the cost of fixing that person typically gets ` cost-shifted ' meaning the cost is essentially shifted to the insurance companies of the other patients in the hospital . 
  so that 's part of the reason why you 've heard about the insane prices of our healthcare . 
  one person 's insurance company is billed a bunch of money because that hospital saw 10 poor/nonpaying gunshot victims in the past week . 
  there 's also a law called emtala that says a person can not be refused care because of their inability to pay . 
  your media probably also wo n't report the programs pharmaceutical companies have for people who ca n't afford the drugs . 
  they basically give them out for free . 
  not in every case , but some . 
  this just would n't make for a good story and does n't fit the narrative that is pushed . 
  where this system tends to fall apart is for people who are lower-middle class . 
  they are n't poor enough for our public healthcare but they might not have insurance/good enough insurance to make everything free/affordable like i do . 
  they are the ones who usually get caught . 
  it 's a bigger issue though , lots of of government assistance programs leave out this lower-middle class because they 're are n't quite poor enough to qualify for the programs . 
  one contributing factor to the high healthcare costs is that hospitals know they will be billing an insurance company with billions of dollars . 
  so they charge what they think a rich company can afford . 
  [ usgov interactive 2016 budget ] ( https://www.whitehouse.gov/interactive-budget ) . 
  that shows that the us gov has allocated $ 1.1 trillion for 2016 healthcare spending , of which $ 950 billion is allocated on medicare , medicaid and children 's health insurance ( all public healthcare ! ) . 
  these public healthcare programs are there and are quite large . 
  also note our lower tax rate . 
  we pay less taxes and more out of pocket . 
  tl ; dr : they are n't outright fabrications because it has/does happen . 
  but not nearly as often as europeans think . 
  and conveniently european media forgets to report on the other side of coin . 
  it probably seems like i 'm trying to defend the us healthcare system , which i am not . 
  it 's broken because there are definitely cases where someone is stuck with an un-payable bill . 
  look at that interactive budget and see the military spending , let 's take most of that and spend it on everyone 's healthcare and abolish the insurance bs . 
  but if us reduces military spending , europe might not get `` free '' education and healthcare since they 'd have to rely on their own militaries . 
  i hope that explains the stuff that your media does n't . 
  remember that your media has one narrative to push , and it is something along the lines of get a bloody nose and lose your life 's savings . 
  there 's this public healthcare called medicaid for low income people ( and there 's medicare for pensioners ) , so if you 're unemployed i 'm guessing you 're probably on medicaid ? 
  i 'm neither unemployed nor low income so i ca n't talk intelligently about it too much , but as far as i know the outcome is basically the same as for me . 
  unemployed and uninsured , it 's common but not always the case that the hospital just does the procedure and does n't charge . 
  they know you 're poor so there 's no point in trying to get money from you . 
  my friend 's girlfriend is a neonatal nurse and i asked her what they do when a low income uninsured person comes in and has a baby or something . 
  she said they just had a drug addict give birth to a drug addicted baby and the hospital just pays for it since they know the mother wo n't be paying . 
  if the hospital charges you , i have no idea how much it costs . 
  it would be a lot . 
  annual insurance expenses - some money is deducted from my paycheck ( every other week ) . 
  i think like 50 dollars ? 
  but i take this online `` health assessment '' once per year which asks stuff like do i smoke , exercise , shit like that and it reduces the 50 dollars to something smaller , i do n't know without looking . 
  i do n't really pay attention to it . 
  so annually that 's about $ 50/paycheck * 26 paychecks = $ 1300 . 
  i went to the dentist last week and on my way out they said something about billing the insurance company and i mumbled some polite goodbye greeting along the lines of `` okay , thanks , see you next time '' . 
  so it costs me nothing , apart from the paycheck deducted amount i pay every other week . 
  i 'd probably tell my boss i 'm not going to be at work that day , go to the hospital , get to see the doc pretty quickly since it 's a higher profile event / really painful , doc does the medical procedure and probably prescribes pain meds . 
  the medical procedure part would n't cost me anything and the pain meds are probably 20 bucks . 
  says the bulgarian . 
  lol, 
  -_- the fact that you link that propaganda-esque article and think it refutes me makes me have even less faith that you have some semblance of knowledge about the topic . 
  i know its not what / r/europe wants to hear but europeans wildly misunderstand the topic . 
  like badly . 
  really badly . 
  so badly infact that there almost isnt even a point in trying to explain how wrong they are because they circlejerk about it so much and european media pushes the narrative . 
  its something i dont think i could win if i tried . 
  and for the record , i 'm not defending the us healthcare system , i 'm trying to explain to ignorant europeans that what they think is reality is not in fact reality . 
  that part is hard, 
  i 'd say 24/185 is pretty bad , but to each their own i guess, 
  compare it to the rest of the world . 
  now do you start to see the issue ?
