  edit : for greatest circle jerk satisfaction use healthcare , guns , religion , education and lately donald trump, 
  well like half of this sub has been fucked over by russia at some point . 
  here he is again lol, 
  what 's slovenian for ` go fuck yourself ' ? 
  your comment is lol especially coming from an irish person, 
  hit or miss just like anywhere else . 
  the big cities are pretty good . 
  the airport in my city is actually awesome ... it was built just before the city had an economic downturn ( probably 15 years ago ) , so it was made assuming more people would use it . 
  so now it 's way bigger than it needs to be . 
  this makes all the wait times pretty manageable and the airport is never crowded . 
  it 's really really great . 
  one sore spot is jfk in new york . 
  there are three ` new york ' airports : jfk , laguardia ( lga ) and newark . 
  jfk and lga are actually in nyc while newark is in new jersey which is still extremely close though . 
  jfk is the primary international airport while lga is mainly domestic . 
  newark is a mix . 
  jfk is absolutely atrocious and it 's the first impression many foreigners have when getting to the us . 
  ugh , it 's awful . 
  in 2013 i was on my way home from vancouver through jfk and we missed our connection to final destination . 
  had to collect luggage go on busses go through customs coming back into the us and all that stuff . 
  so , the airline put us in a taxi across nyc and on the next flight out of lga to our final destination at no cost ( yay ) but god jfk is horribly laid out and outdated . 
  question . 
  i 've only been in a handful of airports in europe . 
  of the few interactions i had with airport employees , i always spoke first ( in english obviously ) so they knew to reply in english . 
  in cdg i was spoken to first , in french . 
  would airport workers in europe typically just automatically default to english when addressing anyone just to be on the safe side ? 
  or maybe france does n't like english so they default to french but scandinavia defaults to english . 
  how does this work in general ? 
  what other settings would locals address people in english by default ? 
  i was in cdg summer of 2013 en route from istanbul back to the states . 
  there were french police/military guys standing around inside the airport with fucking machine guns . 
  wtf france, 
  nothin gets by you, 
  unfortunately test scores in the us are stratified by race . 
  whites among the best in the world , minorities are behind . 
  did he take you to the waterfalls and that place ( medzugoria ? ), 
  where some kids claim they saw jesus on the side of the mountain and that old lady 's house where she made coffee and snacks ? 
  i forget his name . 
  he moved to sweden in the 90s during the war and he was a taxi driver . 
  now he 's living back in mostar . 
  is that him ? 
  the big van blasting turbofolk, 
  also , get a 2 liter sarajevsko beer in bosnia for like 1 dollar , no joke . 
  at a grocery store , that is . 
  sarajevo is neat city nestled in the mountains . 
  bosnia in general is really awesome because it 's really beautiful with the mountains and rivers and natural scenery and the cities do n't have as much hustle and bustle as the cities i 'm used to . 
  and do n't pass up on learning about the balkans wars in the 90s . 
  so fascinating yet tragic . 
  go to museums , tours etc. 
  do n't bring up the wars too much to the locals though because nearly everyone living in the balkans was affected by the war somehow . 
  i chatted some younger locals on a train to zagreb once and they were open to talking about it , but the older people are still scarred . 
  this is that i was told when i was there . 
  fuck , i miss bosnia . 
  cheap beer and delicious cevapi & burek everywhere, 
  fascinating museum . 
  is it open to the public ? 
  where at ? 
  my government does the same shit . 
  we need this museum here . 
  majda 's hostel in mostar . 
  go on the day tour her brother does . 
  [ interesting article about a journalist 's experience in transnistria ] ( http://www.brettforrest.com/articles/#/communist-gonzo/ ), 
  if hating isis is illegal then yes , it would be a hate crie, 
  would i get in trouble if i happened to be walking by these clowns and knocked them the fuck out ? 
  bro just go to olive garden, 
  the nimitz class carriers can also make fresh water . 
  they 'll sit offshore a disaster zone and purify ocean water and pump it to the people onshore for drinking water . 
  i think the reason no european countries did this despite knowing how awful and illegal fifa 's actions are because they 're complicit . 
  we already know basically every single fifa bid is won with bribes and corruption . 
  soccer is n't that big in the us so we do n't do fifa events so us officials are n't involved the illegal activity . 
  i really think we 'll see some government corruption exposed with this soon . 
  we already know germany paid for the 2006 wc . 
  most cities here would be cheap to you coming from the uk . 
  even still , the majority of these jobs are in the metro areas of big cities , which means you can live outside the city itself and pay much less for stuff and just commute . 
  that 's what i do . 
  all i 'm trying to say is that there are tons of high paying jobs outside places like ny and sf . 
  yeah , oil/gas engineering and software engineering stuff can earn 100k right out of school if you get into the top companies . 
  it definitely is not average though . 
  you 're probably right about not having much reason to make the move across the pond . 
  once you get into high paying jobs or management and you 're ready to exploit our income inequality , do it . 
  there will be a real financial incentive . 
  until then , there is n't much reason like you said . 
  if you 'd be middle class in either country , i feel the same way ... you might as well just stay in your homeland . 
  what do you believe turkey has to apologize for ? 
  the way i see it : a hostile county flies a plane with bombs into your airspace while ignoring warnings and communications . 
  said hostile plane is shot down . 
  what other outcome did anyone expect ? 
  if a military pilot from my country flew an armed warplane into russian airspace and ignored warnings and communication and got shot down , i 'd ask why the fuck he flew his bomber into hostile territory and what the fuck he was expecting other than to get shot down . 
  what is a plausible salary for you ? 
  could you expound upon ` everything else seems to be strictly better or differs so little ' ? 
  what 's your story ? 
  like what do you do , how 'd you get here etc ? 
  i 'm curious to hear how someone from a world away made the journey, 
  there are high skilled high paying jobs all over the place , not just the expensive cities . 
  look on linkedin or indeed.com, 
  your example is sort of cherry picked as there 's only one place to be if you 're a top scientist . 
  work for an international company with branches in the us 2 . 
  really it just boils down to money, 
  i went to romania a few years ago and really enjoyed it . 
  some stuff seemed so strange like people using roads for horse carts while i was passing them in an audi .
