  really puts things into perspective when you think about it . 
  anyways , the salaries are a few hundred bucks a month in romania which means land must be very cheap . 
  is there some zillow equivalent ? 
  how much does land in this place cost ? 
  maybe i could buy some, 
  wanting blasphemy laws back does n't seem like an isolated incident , although i almost assume he 's just saying it so he gets some immigrant votes or something, 
  how so ? 
  is my flair not showing up ? 
  this fuckwad makes some of my politicians look good . 
  damn britain, 
  i went to bosnia recently and spent a few days in mostar -- do it !!, 
  mostar is awesome i went to sarajevo also but did n't budget enough time there, 
  so exactly like mexicans . 
  they 're so ingrained into our society that the restaurant business would supposedly fail if they were all deported at once . 
  they all want to work for cash and they work hard and long hours at shitty jobs americans would n't do , mexicans are damn good laborers really, 
  so basically just like mexicans in my country then, 
  i get that , but why are arabs needed if there 's cheap labor available in the eu ? 
  romania , bulgaria etc, 
  fight them with the red light district . 
  its perhaps the most un-haram thing there is, 
  i think everyone that is n't europe is still wondering why europe let a bunch of third world backwards subhumans into their nice countries . 
  i 'm not even sure what the goal was ... what was it ? 
  if you 're syria ( assad ) and nato article 5 is evoked , are you really going to try to stand in the way if militaries like the us , uk and france come in big dick swinging ? 
  that was the joke , hehe, 
  i do n't even understand your point , but i do know that spaniards are dumb , poor and lazy as fuck . 
  we 're still waiting for them to invent something useful too . 
  ps how 's the spanish space agency doing ? 
  ... did i do it right ? 
  facepalm, 
  watched the video , did n't understand skit, 
  i 'm attempting to learn about a topic that i previously did not know much of anything about . 
  that 's the awesome part of the internet and this pseudo cultural exchange . 
  no need for insults . 
  judging by the upvotes and downvotes in our other discussion , i am not the only one reading it and learning something . 
  this last comment adds nothing to the discussion . 
  if we want to start insulting , i 'm sure i could come up with something about how my grandfathers helped save europe and germany from itself multiple times , or something . 
  then rebuilt it . 
  but there 's no reason to go there . 
  thanks for participating in the discussion while you did . 
  if that is illegal i anticipate many thought crimes will be committed with this wave of immigrants . 
  this particular thought crime is strange to me . 
  for me it is perfectly fine to claim the holocaust never happened ... people will obviously think you 're insane , but you have every right to claim no such event occurred . 
  i find it quite dangerous for the german state to dictate what people do and do not accept as fact , however , i do believe this particular thought crime prevention measure to be essentially one-off event that was in fact a good idea in order to move germany away from that period of its history . 
   your idea that displaying nazi sybols is okay because of freedom of expression is cute , but naive and dangerous . 
  i guess this is where we disagree . 
  to me what 's naive and dangerous is dictating what people can and ca n't say or express to the tune of what you 've described, 
  chill something you flex ? 
  is she just trolling or what ? 
  hmm , to me that 's okay . 
  imo she 's free to think or wish whatever she wants . 
  once she starts calling for the fires to happen , it 's a threat which should not be allowed . 
  so you can say it in private but not in public . 
  does private mean private property such as homes , restaurants , business etc ? 
  is public property sidewalks , streets , parks government property ? 
  etc ? 
  can you tweet that ? 
  does it matter if your twitter is accessible to the public or only to followers ? 
  so you can in fact say that hitler was right and gassing jews was cool . 
  you just ca n't call for it to happen . 
  saying ` many more homes will burn ' sounds like a threat , which should be taken seriously . 
  saying `` i hope many more homes will burn '' is different , in my mind . 
  `` people with brown hair cause paper cuts '' must incite hatred as well then . 
  i suppose the police/gov ` t/courts get to decide what is offensive & hate inciting which seems sort of gray . 
  displaying nazi symbols is not harmless , no . 
  in my opinion it 's freedom of expression . 
  as insane as it is , imo its okay . 
  i would never agree with the person wearing it or the meaning of the symbol but i would always defend their right to wear it . 
  just my two hundredths of a euro . 
  so free thought is restricted it sounds like . 
  interesting, 
  the post i responded to mentioned `` inciting hatred '' which is open to interpretation , hence my questions . 
  i do n't really see how blaming bad weather on the jews incites hatred , but if that 's how it is then that is how it is . 
  i assume it would be considered ` inciting hatred ' if you blamed bad weather on the german gov ' t or berliners or the french ? 
  the swastika and nazi salute and political symbols being banned is weird to me , i could wear a tshirt with those three things on them for the rest of my life and nothing would happen except people thinking i 'm crazy . 
  hmm . 
  so you ca n't blame problems on jews ? 
  like ... jews cause cancer . 
  that would be illegal ? 
  also from what i understand you ca n't do the nazi salute or wear swastikas , right ? 
  is one allowed to say that they love hitler and hate jewish people ? 
  curious about freedom of speech, 
  hmm . 
  til the uk does n't have free speech . 
  despicable . 
  seriously . 
  is he not allowed to say what he wants without fear of retribution ? 
  it is, 
  all of the stuff you 've described happens in movies , i 've never done it like that . 
  neither have my friends that i know of . 
  you should know that just because you saw it on tv does n't make it at all representative of real life . 
  your biggest pet peeve with american young adults is not isolated to american young adults . 
  it happens in all the wealthy countries where people can afford it . 
  so its more like a first world pet peeve, 
  you know as well as i do that it depends on how/where ( context ) you meet them . 
  meet them at a party and hook up ? 
  well in that case you sleep together for a while then figure out if you 're a match . 
  meet them at somewhere random ? 
  you get drinks first then see what happens, 
  there 's just so much wrong with what you said, 
  he did n't really mean ordering a mobile plan , he meant signing up for a contract , i think .
