  the most powerful leader in the world goes to putin or xi because they are dictators . 
  there is no domestic check or balance on their power or influence . 
  i thought everyone already knew that either one of those two people would be most powerful . 
  [ as for finnish-russian trade , look at here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_finland ) see the right side ? 
  under ` main export partners ' , russia is listed as # 3 behind sweden and germany . 
  look a little further down under ` main import partners ' . 
  russia is # 1 . 
  you are absolutely incorrect when you say `` actually finnish-russian trade is nearly non-existent . '' . 
  the us has more than one european friend . 
  you could use google or yandex ( since you seem to love russia ) to confirm this . 
  [ here is a picture of jarmo lindberg signing what i was referring to with nato . ] ( http://www.swedenabroad.com/imagevaultfiles/id_23061/cf_16/dsc_0021_web.jpg ) . 
  china is not more powerful . 
  ask your fellow finns . 
  they will help you out . 
  finland is pro west/anti russia . 
  what happened to you ? 
  you seem to really love russia and your disdain for the west does not hide . 
  you 're an odd finn . 
  when i was in finland they loved americans . 
  very interested to meet and talk ( once drunk ) and were kind of a novelty . 
  the locals that we were with said that 's what made the bar scene so easy for us . 
  what happened to you ? 
  you seem to be very confrontational and you come off as a miserable person . 
  all of your dickish comments , preconceived notions , downright untrue statements and posts reeking of an undeserved superiority complex ... ick . 
  it is unfortunate ... 
  i 've met a load of finns and they were all really fun . 
  too bad you are n't the same . 
  us is a part of nato so it has an interest at any nato base in any of those countries . 
  latvia is also a part of nato so it has an interest at any nato base in any of those countries . 
  i am not ignorant nor delusional about which countries are nato members . 
  a simple list or map provides one will what they need to know . 
  we 've been over this ... yes the us constantly plays geopolitical games because that is what powerful nations do . 
  this has happened since civilization was realized . 
  russia does it and china does it , but to a lesser extent because they are n't as powerful or influential . 
  the us defends europe ( read : nato member countries in europe ) partially because of nato obligations and partially because if both are stable both can trade . 
  money is usually the reason ( sort of the same reason why finland sits out of the west vs russia stuff - they need the trade with russia ) . 
  likewise , european nato members defend north america . 
  finland has pseudo defense agreements . 
  finland and sweden signed a host nation support agreement with nato two years ago . 
  this agreement says nato can deploy inside each country . 
  this is mainly because of russian aggressiveness . 
  there 's also the nordic battlegroup which contains nato countries . 
  there 's another pseudo defense cooperation . 
  this comes down to semantics and what we define a defense agreement as . 
  i 'll leave it up in the air . 
  yes , the most powerful is the most violent . 
  it has been that way since early humanity . 
  does it surprise you ? 
  could you tell me exactly what i am delusional and ignorant about ? 
  i have provided no opinion on anything . 
  just statement of fact . 
  because i have provided no opinion there is no basis for you to claim i am delusional or ignorant . 
  unless again you do n't grasp english well enough to talk about stuff like this ? 
  you did n't seem to think finland played games with the us so , assuming you meant war games , i provided you with information to the contrary . 
  what does sweden and russia have to do with the topic we 've been discussing ? 
  there were perhaps 15 countries participating . 
  sweden was one and russia was not . 
  does that clarify things ? 
  [ finland must have been at least moderately happy that the us was included in playing games . 
  let me know if there 's any english you do n't understand ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/nato-begin-huge-exercise-baltic-sea-will-include-georgia-sweden-finland-1953046 ), 
  i never said it was great . 
  i never said it was bad . 
  i never said it was mediocre . 
  in fact , i never said it was anything at all . 
  can you point me to a place where i said my country is great ? 
  you have a poor understanding of the english language being used here . 
  we already established that you do n't understand definitions of vacation days and vacation . 
  she gets a government pension just like the rest of the retired people . 
  [ this link will take you directly to the government office responsible for public pension ] ( https://www.ssa.gov/news/press/basicfact.html ) . 
  it says `` nine out of ten individuals age 65 and older receive social security benefits '' . 
  the information you provided from the la times is out of context , i believe because of your poor grasp of the language . 
  [ here 's more info about government pension ] ( http://www.cbpp.org/research/social-security/policy-basics-top-ten-facts-about-social-security ) . 
  i think the real idiot is you . 
  you do n't understand the language well enough , but you think you do . 
  this leads to incorrect ideas and blatantly wrong items you take for fact . 
  you know as well as i do that a news article on any topic can be generated to spin a narrative . 
  be mindful of what you read . 
  there are a lot of things you do n't know but like to make noise about . 
  one of my pensions is government provided and the other is provided by my employer . 
  then i have another employer provided retirement account and a self provided retirement account . 
  you get social benefits if you become unemployed . 
  you should also familiarize yourself with severance . 
  edit : i 'm guessing finland is the same way or do they not do severance there ? 
  two pensions , two investment products . 
  to be specific, 
  it means i have 4 pensions . 
  if i were american i might be peeved by that fact that i subsidize the defense of most of europe . 
  it is one thing trump and i agree on , no free american defense . 
  make them pay for it . 
  because a person has n't taken a vacation does n't mean they did n't use vacation days . 
  the number of unused vacation days does n't mean they are going to get fired for using them . 
  you 're trying to connect something with your preconceived notions . 
  editing for clarity : i used 30 days of vacation last year but did n't take a vacation . 
  i believe you do n't fully grasp the difference , or you 're choosing not to . 
  hey , i 'm not the one spewing wildly incorrect opinion and anecdote as fact . 
  yeah there 's government provided pension . 
  i also have a 401k , roth ira and employer pension . 
  all four accounts are for retirement . 
  i do n't look forward to being old , but damn it will be nice when i have all that money available .
