  stem field pay more here and have good benefits . 
  i would never , ever get fired for using vacation and neither would a single person i know or have heard of . 
  getting fired for using vacation is unheard of and it is not `` very common in america '' . 
  if that happened it would go straight to court . 
  your assumptions and the things you take for fact and the bullshit you spread is pretty funny . 
  your post is still off base . 
  if you 're going to make noise , at least make noise using facts . 
  no one claimed the system is perfect but for most it 's good . 
  superpowers play geopolitical games . 
  that tale is as old as time . 
  i do n't see them stopping in the near future . 
  send the gov a sternly sounded letter if you want . 
  as a rule of thumb , professionals are paid more here . 
  if your job is n't in demand you probably get paid less here . 
  my employer covers retirement , healthcare , pays for more education if i want it and i get like 30 vacation days per year . 
  i got nothing to complain about . 
  edit : [ check this out to learn about wealth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_financial_assets_per_capita ), 
  in sweden you can just breathe ( make sure the other person hears it ) and it means yes . 
  either he 's too dumb to bother trying to educate or he 's a troll, 
  your posts are quite funny . 
  you 're quite wrong . 
  you 've apparently created some image or ideal so i wo n't bother refuting the stuff you seem to think is fact . 
  i think you know that you 're wrong , you just like some good ol usa bashing , lol . 
  specifically , what games have i played ? 
  i enjoy mostly free healthcare and higher salary . 
  you enjoy free healthcare and free education . 
  i guess it comes down to what a person wants . 
  what part was a lie ? 
  well americans provide europe with free defense so americans might as well go reap the rewards edit : is this unpopular or wrong ? 
  yeah you have no clue what you 're talking about, 
  ah , where laws are mere suggestions, 
  why are n't prices in local currency ? 
  just curious edit : [ this looks awesome for 9k . 
  right by the sea !, 
  where might one look at these cheap houses online ? 
  seems like a westerner price . 
  bosnians ca n't really afford a house that expensive can they ? 
  average wage is ~ 400 euro in bosnia according to google, 
  are those prices for a bosnian or for a westener ? 
  yeah i said it . 
  i want a house is bosnia . 
  i went a few years ago and loved it . 
  i lived like a king . 
  i could maybe just buy land and forget about it for a while . 
  any websites m8 ? 
  bosnia is also fucking awesome . 
  i want a house there . 
  how much does a house cost ? 
  what real estate websites would i use ? 
  if you like that check out [ this article ] ( http://www.brettforrest.com/articles/#/communist-gonzo/ ) . 
  this guy also has a bunch of other really fascinating articles on his website about obscure regions and investigative stuff . 
  really really interesting writer , i just wish he would publish more . 
  my student loans were originally 17-18k . 
  i do n't know how much my parents paid on top of that . 
  maybe 40-50k altogether ? 
  just guessing . 
  it took me like , i dunno , 8 months to save up the student loan amount once i started working . 
  personally i ( and my parents ) am better off paying 40-50k ish for school and earning much more from the beginning . 
  i just turned 25 yesterday and get $ 4000 per month after taxes . 
  but i 'm an engineer so it 's higher than most other jobs . 
  according to wikipedia 3500 euros before tax is the average for germany . 
  so that 's 42k per year before tax . 
  is 50k really that hard to obtain ? 
  i was looking at gini coefficient to assume salaries are similar in germany . 
  they do n't really teach us much about german salaries here ... 
  it makes no sense whatsoever for me to ever relocate internationally it looks like . 
  at least not in europe . 
  3500 is probably in line with what i would expect with a bachelor 's . 
  pretty comparable there, 
  i sound like an ass but there 's no way i would work for that if i was 30 . 
  i guess that 's what happens when everyone earns roughly the same ? 
  a sort of unrelated question : are there any german engineers here that could give a salary estimation a few years out of university ? 
  the different kinds do taste different here . 
  imo the best kind we have here are fingerling and i think they 're more expensive . 
  okay guys ... what are all the ways you can make potatoes ?? 
  i 'm trying to figure out how the hell people could eat this many kg of potatoes ... 
  you 're going to crash the whole fucking network if you try to install that patch, 
  yeah let me just count the fucking pixels so i know how many hundred thousand people the 1mm wide unintelligble flag ( country ) has . 
  lol . 
  blatantly incorrect . 
  the only good fast food is the new wave of ` fast casual ' like chipotle/qdoba , five guys etc imo . 
  yeah its like two dollars more but it 's a world of difference . 
  kfc and pizza hut are both terrible in the us -_- cheap garbage `` food '', 
  some website tries to find similarities between two different things . 
  shockingly he finds that they 're different . 
  i could start a website about how lackluster the netherlands is compared to the country i was born in and point to disposable incomes and gdp and other b.s. 
  and then conclude that the netherlands is backwards . 
  it 's an extremely incorrect conclusion but if i cherry pick the right anecdotes and use big words i could probably make it work . 
  see how silly this website seems now ? 
  that being said , this guy 's artice did make me chuckle . 
  tryin hard for the anti-america circle jerk karma huh ? 
   terrible probably by design, 
  is western propaganda comrade . 
  nothing to see here, 
  you have to admit the language laws in quebec are pretty ridiculous though . 
  also , you can get a modified driver 's license that lets you cross the us/canada border without a passport . 
  maybe i used too strong of words for something subjective , but i would strongly argue south to north is far more different than east to west . 
  referring to the south , yeah . 
  i do n't notice much difference going coast to coast but south to north is weather , races & languages , lifestyle etc, 
   cheese curds are just wrong .
