not dramatic ? 
  the single biggest 1-day drop ever was 778 . 
  see the bottom of the chart where the dates are ? 
  that graph does n't include today . 
   if dow crashes done and done . 
  edit : update - it 's already crashed more than it did on 9/11 . 
  monarchy/oligarchy . 
  potato/potato . 
  is he sad because those poor boys will have to grow up with an intact penis or because he wo n't get to do any more bris the `` orthodox '' way . 
  i am so sick of the uk being beholden to unelected bureaucrats . 
  i vote to leave !, 
  just in case anyone was thinking benn has any sense ... 
  this should have been a key moment for the labour party to take advantage of the divisions in the conservatives and the impossible promises of the leave campaign . 
  it was a gilt edged opportunity but benn decided to invoke a simultaneous crisis in labour . 
  `` hey everyone , stop looking at the train wreck over there , here 's a fresh , new one ! '' . 
  idiot . 
  how ? 
  tie his shoelaces together ? 
  fine , i 'll start my own one-footed football team - which is bound to be better than your team because we beat the spanish armada . 
  yes , them - and their weird cats . 
  like it or not , ukip and `` leave '' have been peddling the politics of fear , nationalism and hatred . 
  it get 's amplified by the likes of the edf and britain first and vulnerable people are influenced by it at an exaggerated level . 
  this was the inevitable consequence - and it 's no surprise that it was someone with mental health problems that physically manifested the emotional turmoil caused when they believe their fragile world is being threatened . 
  i know a guy who was/is a die-hard bnp supporter . 
  he 'll be voting `` remain '' because he does n't want his parents to be sent home from spain . 
  but , if i cut my own foot off , who are you to deny me the right to walk around on it ? 
  it 's just pure bitterness on your part . 
  that 's just collateral damage - the real `` certain people '' are anyone with a slightly darker skin-tone than us . 
  coming over here , teaching salsa dancing , being all romantic , stealing our wives , getting our kids to call them `` dad '' . 
  ** or should i say `` papa '' ? 
   the traditional working class labour voters , they are overwhelmingly in favour of leaving how on earth did you come to that conclusion ? 
   why are there no left-wing arguments for staying in the eu ? 
  there are - just about every large union in the country has contacted it 's member to say they 'd be better off staying in the eu . 
  the media is only reporting on the clash of personality events in the campaign though . 
  since the leave campaign - and now every future election campaign in this country * forever * . 
   whether or not this would actually be the outcome is debatable of course . 
  it wont - we have n't run out of scapegoats yet . 
  we vote for our eu reps from the uk . 
  does n't everyone ? 
  we make the best hooligans . 
  nobody makes hooligans better than us , believe me . 
  well , yes to the paper part ... but that 's not important . 
  is it really self-loathing to be embarrassed by the behavior of my fellow countrymen when they 're acting like drunken louts in a foreign country - with the eyes of the world on them ? 
  the alternative would be to somehow be on their side . 
  i know there 's been provocation ( on all sides ) but a decent person would either go somewhere else , go back to the hotel - or if they 're feeling brave , become a citizen journalist and video the scene . 
  for this particular incident , yes . 
  but if england fans continue to get into running fights with the police/locals * every single night * then uefa will start sanctioning us too . 
  ... and your fans might have got you thrown out of the tournament . 
  not that england are safe from that either - dark days for football . 
  risks of anaesthesia was a factor [ but they really did believe the babies did n't feel pain . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pain_in_babies ) . 
  they used muscle relaxant so the babies could n't wriggle too . 
  in the 1980 's . 
  another thing that was going on less than 30 years ago that blows my mind is this . 
  it was common practice to operate on new-born babies ( up to 15 months in some cases ) without anesthetic - because it was thought they could n't feel pain yet . 
  this included open-heart surgery . 
  they occasionally do hedgehog flavoured crisps too . 
  took a lot of research apparently . 
  edit : i may have misremembered it being walkers . 
  [ but we all know what the end game is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qibtbrp.jpg ), 
  i can make my peace with the reduction from murder to manslaughter but it 's a close-run thing - not a blatant miscarriage of justice . 
  what i ca n't stand is putting this guy on a pedestal as if he 's done something * good * . 
   for the record what happened to rehabilitation instead of punishment ? 
  or is that only a new liberal trait when you like the person ? 
  no idea . 
  our prisons are chock-full of people who have done far less , i imagine they 'd be a tad upset if they had to languish inside while a convicted killer got to talk about it over tea and hob-nobs . 
  even the `` freedom '' bit is atrocious . 
  a marine executed a wounded taliban fighter who was already incapacitated and presented no threat . 
  he gathered his squad around to mock the guy then killed him . 
  why all the `` celebrations '' ? 
  because his crime was reduced from murder to manslaughter . 
  he 's still a disgusting excuse for humanity . 
  he still violated the geneva convention . 
  he still made himself a star recruiting agent for isis and the like . 
  he 's still a convicted criminal . 
  but yay , he 'll be home in time for easter . 
  brave british boy . 
  `` hero '' . 
  i 've had the conversation in a proper independent fromagerie . 
  they used to scoff at the very suggestion of british cheese and there was basically no demand in the country for it . 
  more recently some french people have started learning about the breadth of the cheese market in the uk . 
  despite any entrenched prejudice , it 's something we are particularly good at . 
  so imports are actually happening now and the tone of conversations has changed . 
  to the point where some fromageries are starting to feel a little bit threatened . 
  stilton  roquefort . 
  ** fact **, 
  it 's not really an issue many people give a crap about . 
  if the falklands get invaded , we 're all over it , anything else is just talk - the residents will always choose to remain british and nobody can sign that away . 
  the french one is also wrong . 
  they would find that comment hilarious . 
  i know from experience that you can rustle les jimmies by declaring that english cheese is better . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that we do n't know how individual constituencies voted in the referendum because they were n't tallied in the usual constituency areas . 
  my local area voted remain but that area overlaps the constituencies of 3 different mps . 
  have a look at the map [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/politics/eu_referendum/results ) . 
  most of those boundaries contain areas much bigger than the uk electoral [ constituencies ] ( https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/election-maps/gb/ ) . 
   the time to mount a credible opposition would have been post referendum yep , but that was the opportunist moment the party chose to oust corbyn instead of all pulling together to highlight the huge rifts in the tory party . 
  the horse has bolted , but it 's not corbyn that ruined the party for a generation , it was the plp . 
  the rough areas drawn out for brexit reporting are not the same as constituency boundaries . 
  plus , we elect mps to represent us using their own mind . 
  if they were just going to weigh in behind whatever most local voters wanted - even by a small majority - then it would n't matter what party they belong to any more . 
  we would just have direct democracy where everyone gets a vote on every topic .
