  merci beaucoup !, 
  not disputing the figure , but can you give me a source to read up on this ? 
  the us has politically appointed justices . 
  is the us undemocratic ? 
  po tried to push in illegally 5 justices at the end of their term for their own political gain . 
  are they undemocratic ? 
  fuckin saved . 
  lol those prices . 
  [ modern f16 's alone cost * far more than $ 16m * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/f35lightning/comments/3c68tl/table_aircraft_cost_comparison/ ), 
  yes years . 
  a company has a bad quarter and fires a some skilled workers . 
  their next quarter is great , so they look to hire them back only to see they moved on . 
  the skills and knowledge lost took years to gain on the job so they 're forced to either pay a premium to get it back partially or it takes them years to regain it . 
  i do n't understand why you are so intent on pushing words in my mouth . 
  at what point did i suggest that turkey , a nation which has been investing in it 's own security , should be pressured ? 
  i merely have issue with your statement `` that 's like saying lets kick usa out because they voted for trump . '', 
  trump 's issues with nato are largely with lack of commitment . 
  it 's entirely unreasonable to expect the sons and daughters of a foreign nation to die protecting your land if you are unwilling to do the same . 
  at no point did i suggest this has anything to do with turkey . 
  it is in no one 's interest to kick out members of nato . 
  however if wealthy nations wish to take advantage of nato and under fund their own security and safety they deserve outright condemnation . 
  if some nations are going to get upset over being called out then that is their problem . 
  they should be pressured into make a better commitment to their own defense and the defense of their fellow europeans . 
   making deals with russia disregarding any sanctions or concerns other nato allies have towards them . 
  [ that must be why * germany * was threatening retaliation against the us if new us sanctions hurt german economic interests . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-sanctions-germany-iduskbn197156 )  pulling usa out of paris climate agreement endangering our environment . 
  irrelevant to nato . 
  furthermore the us has cut more total emissions in the past 6 years than any other nation on the planet in terms . 
   pretending like nato is some sort of mafia insurance where other ( smaller ) nato members should pay up protection money to the usa . 
  funny considering the smaller baltic nations whom are at most risk have consistently kept spending at good levels while * bigger ones * such as germany have been more than happy to keep spending levels low . 
  it 's almost like germany is taking advantage of the us , while back stabbing their eastern european partners in order to make as much profit as possible trading with russia . 
  yeah , no that does n't prove that . 
  furthermore i 've read an interesting analysis as far as the if it really can be a crime to do opposition research by going to foreigners . 
  this very well may end up being a sc case as it has to weigh weather the first amendment rights are more important than campaign finance laws . 
  germany and the eu must be extremely vigilant . 
  their economies are in large part high technology and precision manufacturing . 
  the kind which china has much difficulty doing . 
  however china is actively seeking that with it 's `` made in china 2025 '' plan . 
  with the massive over supply of cheap poor quality steel already creating problems for the west , just imagine the havoc which would happen if high quality steel was state subsidized and over produced . 
  all of course to create monopolies on strategic resources and capabilities like with rare earth minerals . 
  you do n't have to play `` my game '' because i am not playing any game . 
  the us judicial system is fiercely independent and if the judiciary sees fit for trump jr. to be prosecuted for 52 usc 30121 , 36 usc 510 then he will be judged by a jury of his peers . 
  but that does n't suggest the hyperbolic fairy tale `` trump is putin 's puppet '' story . 
  that suggests that some members of his campaign were looking for anything and everything to help them win . 
  the crime would be breaking campaign finance laws and getting material support from a foreign individual or power . 
  if he is found guilty of that , then he would be a fool considering he could have just colluded with americans to receive material support as his other contemporaries have and not seen any punishment . 
  btw are there any reporting on the effects of 500 + ? 
  i 've been trying to dig up numbers to see how effective it has been . 
  no it does n't . 
  the us remains one of the most reliable allies to poland . 
  furthermore poland 's interest in american lng as well as american systems for defense modernization very firmly puts it in a position which is extremely politically advantageous to this administration . 
  for the longest time china was the greatest source of growth so foreign investors were desperate to try to get a piece of the action . 
  the ccp made sure to extract an very lucrative piece for that action forcing foreign companies to have minority ownership in joint local partnerships . 
  now china is slowing down and they are looking for foreign sources of growth while falsely pretending to fly the flag of free trade . 
  this is the time to for the eu and the us to stand their ground . 
  china can either play fair or they can lose out on investment opportunities in the west . 
  it 's been nearly a year of fbi and other intelligence investigations with no substantial proof of wrong doing . 
  given the snowden revelations we know just how comprehensive and powerful the us intelligence gather capabilities are . 
  given that and the lack of evidence how can you make such conclusions ? 
  do you genuinely believe that russia and putin are demigods or so brilliant that they were able to steal an election ? 
  not surprising considering the intellectually bankrupt mission . 
  low wages are the reason why foreign investment flows into eastern europe in the first place . 
  if wages are artificially normalized then that will be to the detriment of eastern europe . 
  this has * already * been tried in eastern germany to completely disastrous effect . 
  [ perhaps having been offered generosity , one would hope that germany would have learned and later offered similar generosity to others when given the chance . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/08/business/economy/germanys-debt-history-echoed-in-greece.html?mcubz=2 ), 
  well by that logic the eu is empowering putin by equating unlimited migration with the eu itself . 
  poland is one of the most pro eu members , however they overwhelmingly are against uncontrolled immigration . 
  the only way poland and most of ee were to become anti eu is if brussels decides that unlimited immigration is a core value of the eu . 
  there are products which cater towards repair ability . 
  thinkpads for example are very repairable . 
  plenty of people enjoy these products . 
  lenovo also makes less repairable devices which has everything soldered down and glued . 
  people enjoy those devices as well . 
  as someone who designs electronics i would n't be much too happy to see eu bureaucrats telling me how i should design when a huge portion of consumers want what is antithetical to what they are forcing . 
  how much more are you willing to pay for your electronics ? 
  making something which will last for 2-4 years is significantly cheaper than making something that lasts 6-10 . 
  repairable and modular laptops are available in the market place . 
  they 're just not as popular and that is in spite of many of them being cheaper than the less repairable thinner ones which are overwhelmingly popular . 
  it 's really not that simple . 
  that camera , that screen all had associated hardware level code and drivers . 
  they have number of connectors and buses , and so one which may have been good at the time which they were made but wo n't be present in a new part . 
  unless we see a stagnation of consumer electronics where we no longer have improvements we will likely never see something like this . 
  legislating and regulation could attempt to create this artificially but that would hinder progress of new devices , new parts , new chips . 
  but at the point the battery actually fails the device wo n't be under warranty unless you explicitly got an extended one ... 
  so whats the issue ? 
  let 's say i was going to buy a macbook pro and i had two options : for $ 2000 i can buy a decked out with all the specs i want but i know it will last me 4 years . 
  or i can buy one which is guaranteed to operate for 10 years but it costs $ 3000 . 
  sure the one that costs $ 3000 has a lower cost per year on ownership , but in 4 years i 'm going to want the latest device because of all of the progress made in consumer electronics . 
  as a consumer i would prefer to go for the cheaper option . 
  if i had a decision between a device which is smaller and more optimized at the 4 years vs one which was optimized to last 10 , i 'm most likely going to go with the four year one every time because of the cost , design , and other benefits . 
  there 's a reason why we 're at the paradigm which we are at right now instead of a different one : market preferences . 
  gluing things together solves more than one problem . 
  but you do n't necessarily need to make the device thinner . 
  apple made their uni-body laptops no longer have a removable battery and that allowed them to increase their battery volume giving all users better battery life . 
  volume which is saved can be used in many different ways . 
  allowing for competing products to do more in the same volume or be smaller . 
  consumers will chose what they prefer and it seems that they overwhelmingly prefer that over repair-ability . 
  sure , but there is so much evidence which shows that they 're literally a few km from the coast of libya . 
  surely there is something that can be done when these ngo 's are doing the journey for the migrants .
