  weird how i was defending going after iraq and afghanistan while not mentioning nor bringing either of them up . 
  must be some next level communication that combines whataboutism with putting words in my mouth . 
  * ee not agreeing to accept refuges . 
  * look at how selfish they are not supporting european unity !, 
  - germany * germany supports pipeline which underminds european unity against russian meddling * germany has the right for national self interest !, 
  - germany, 
  the royal family is literally thousands of people . 
  funding from saudi citizens ! = funding from saudi arabia . 
  whoa there , eu solidarity is mandatory , thus we will punish you if you wish to evoke your own sovereignty and refuse to take migrants . 
  nordstream ? 
  why germany is perfectly in the right to pursue it 's own sovereign interests . 
  ... you ca n't honestly be serious . 
  what you are effectively saying is that these three nations either accept migrants or they should leave the eu . 
  if that is the approach of the eu then it is not an instrument of european unity but an instrument of tyranny of the majority . 
  ok , then you would n't mind nations pulling out of the eu because of laws and rules which they have no control over . 
  what a horrifying assessment of french democracy . 
  oh , a entirely unreputable new-source with demonstrably false headlines everyday on reddit says that . 
  then it must be true . 
  they may be wankers , but that does n't mean they have to be evil wankers because you do n't like their view points . 
  i agree . 
  soft brexit basically surrenders all of britain 's advantages of being a leading member in the eu while keeping all the disadvantages of staying in . 
  at that point you either just give up on brexit all together or go with the nuclear option . 
  precisely this . 
  the eu can say no deal if china does n't allow reciprocity of investments and let china slow down even harder . 
  i just answered with poland given context of it 's tank force . 
  germany , a significantly wealthier nation has barely more leo 's than poland does . 
  that 's a `` disproportionately strong army compared to their economy '' as i had originally stated . 
  the previous poster just went over that poland 's army is fairly comparable in many ways despite being it coming from an economy that is 1/3 the size . 
  future investment in security are crucial and the smaller number of platforms you are building , be it tanks , ships , or planes , the more expensive it is . 
  for the good of european security it would be in the interest of all to spend more proportionally to their economic might and pool their resources together to developing new and better platforms . 
  if europe were truly about the collective good of all then those who are most vulnerable to geopolitical threats should n't need to have such a disproportionately strong army compared to their economy . 
  these things really should be sorted out for the good of a united europe . 
  it 's seriously significant . 
  the biggest thing we can do for the environment right now is to swap out all our coal for natural gas . 
  it 's extremely cheap and very easy to operate . 
  my biggest problem with the paris accords is that it does n't go far enough . 
  it should have banned new coal plants for natural gas which is still very cheap and has a lot of the practical benefits of coal . 
  yes but natural gas produces significantly less co2 while retaining basically all of the positives of coal . 
  it 's the reason why the us emissions have dropped so significantly . 
  sure . 
  as long as as the taxes are proportional and apply to goods manufactured in asia as well . 
  and you would be correct . 
  i mean yes the philippines still exists and is slowly growing economically but that did n't change the fact that it was devastating for the local economy near the base . 
  the notion of nation building stemmed from the successes of western germany , japan , south korea . 
  they lent credibility to why the idea of toppling and rebuilding iraq or afghanistan could have been considered potentially good ideas in the first place . 
  if we combine the colossal failure there and lose the original successes in the first place we 'll see nation building condemned as utter foolishness . 
  you did n't answer his question , friend . 
  how has the united states oppressed europe ? 
  to be fair that money never actually reaches the us to avoid being taxed again . 
  i 'm pretty confident that trump would be perfectly fine with europe buying european . 
  trump is n't even close to the first one to be upset about nato spending , he 's the first to have no tact about it and make a real big hissy fit about it . 
  if europe had a comparable stealthy multi role fighter jet then then europe would be more than welcome to buy that . 
  however it did n't develop one . 
  meanwhile the f35 has a 20-1 kd in war games against legacy platforms while offering many improvements . 
  but hell even just having a sizable armor force to protect the baltic 's would be a step up . 
  why does germany an nation several times richer and more populated than poland have nearly the same number of modern main battle tanks as poland ? 
  this is just extremely uninformed . 
  ideologically much of american academia has been increasingly becoming more leftist . 
  furthermore there has been serious anti free speech motions against ` wrong think ' and the horrible crime of disagreeing with progressive ideology . 
  if you have conservative view points you 're basically forced to keep them to yourself in most american universities . 
  i believe that has negatively impacted the conservative party with anti establishment becoming anti intellectual . 
  so the war in afghanistan was a crushing victory as european nato allies gun down clowns with ak 's with utter ease . 
  that 's what happened right ? 
  we can all go home because the brilliant europeans were able to do something with that which no other major force has accomplished . 
  you seem to not understand the enormous logistical difficulty of keeping a expeditionary force army fed , armed , and fueled . 
  let alone moving them into position . 
   no , i 'm suggesting there would be less refugees coming to europe and that africa would be more or less the same as always . 
  africa were unstable before you arrived and they are unstable with you there , so if the situation is not getting any better why would you still be there ? 
  maybe other interests than peace and democracy , like minerals and oil/gas ? 
  creating a better outcome does n't necessarily mean that everything will be rosy and peachy . 
  you can be push things in a positive direction while not having totally fixed the issues . 
  but muh america needs me/af oil and resources ! 111 ! 1 !, 
  the top sources of us oil are , us , latin america , canada , saudi arabia , nigeria . 
  it buys oil at market price fairly from these places which nearly all are good partners . 
  less than 3 % of us oil comes from iraq . 
  iraq exported 14 % of it 's oil to the us , 19 % to europe , 58 % to asia . 
  but shit that does n't match the narrative . 
  though i 'd love to hear what you think libya was about , because that on the other hand was about oil . 
  italy gets 1/4 of it 's oil from them . 
  france , germany , spain are all the next biggest buyers of libyan oil . 
  that was a european mess , which still needed extensive us support to happen . 
   if that happened most life on earth would be gone rather quickly so it would not matter how well prepared europe or anyone else was . 
  and what would stop europe from stealing the middle east 's resources if we needed to , like us are doing today , have done for the past decades and want to do in north korea once they 've tricked crazy kim into giving up his nuclear weapons ? 
  wrong , nuclear winter is fictitious . 
  there have been more than 2,000 nuclear tests done already and the planet was just fine . 
  having several hundred go off at once wo n't end the world , but it will end those whom get hit . 
  what is to stop europe ? 
  the fact that it does not posses the capability ? 
  building that capability takes time , years . 
  meanwhile the loss of strategic resources would cause immediate loss of within weeks . 
   it would have been close to non-existant had n't us destabilized countries there for decades ... ? 
  how many times now have we seen the effects of us interference in xx amount of countries ? 
  come again ? 
  are you suggesting that africa would be stable had it not been for the americans ? 
  i had not realized that centuries of meddling from europe , plus decades of communist meddling all made it an incredibly prosperous and peaceful place . 
  i guess the americans came and meddled and that was what broke everything ? 
   that 's like saying that imprisoning drug users will remove drugs from the streets . 
  it 's like a drop in the ocean , if even that . 
  a certain ideology is what needs to be destroyed , not some camp in the african wilderness . 
  it 's a good thought , though ... ... no that 's not even a remotely comparable analogy .
