  and ? 
  what 's important is their profits in relation to a cost , not revenue . 
  respectfully , we has not properly invested in many new weapon platforms to the degree the us has in the past two decades . 
  certain things such as rifles and small arms do n't necessarily matter quite as much for `` modernity . 
  other platforms such as mbt 's also still are fairly modern compared to much of russia 's inventory so leo2 's are good enough . 
  however aviation is extremely difficult and there 's a massive difference between the most modern and less modern platforms which would result in a difference between victory or utter defeat in an engagement . 
  europe has not invested in this as much as the us . 
  the us has fielded two 5th generation fighters already . 
  stop associating poland 's economic growth with solely the eu . 
  poland 's economy increased around 2.5 times the 10 years before the eu , and ever so slightly more than doubled the 10 years after joining the eu . 
  partnership does n't mean that you control everything or are in total agreement . 
  it means that you work together towards common goals even though you have differences of thought and ideas . 
  soon ... / s, 
  joint weapon programs need not require an eu army . 
  the issue is how to get everyone on board with different requirements and different needs . 
  thought crime already exists in the form of ethnically native europeans suggesting rather horrible things happening to all muslims and being arrested or imprisoned for expressing those ideas . 
  when literally hundreds of thousands are forcing themselves onto eu territory to take advantage of this , perhaps it 's time to rethink this ? 
  what about millions ? 
  tens of millions ? 
  hundreds of millions ? 
  a billion ? 
  these are all very possible over the next 20-40 years with climate change . 
   your generalisation makes it seem ridiculous , but with context it makes sense . 
  do you want us to send people to be tortured ? 
  your example is a ridiculous straw man . 
  accept nonproductive individuals to consume your social welfare or else you 're an evil torturer enabler ? 
  ridiculous . 
  tell me what `` blood , sweat and tears for centuries '' were paid for the `` right to be forgotten '' ? 
  then do n't empower him by pushing central europe towards him . 
  if he is really such a threat then prioritize him instead of the issue of a few thousand migrants who will come back to germany anyways . 
  and what exactly was germany doing when it decided to agree on nordstream ? 
  european solidarity ? 
  please , you pretend like germany does n't ring the bell of solidarity when it suits it only to turn it 's back when it does n't . 
  v4 is filled with nationalist , populous leaders . 
  cutting their budget explicitly because of noncompliance on the subject of migrants will empower them further while giving fuel to use against europhiles . 
  so accept migrants or be enslaved by moscow ? 
  such european solidarity . 
  this is why poland trusts the us over germany for security . 
  eu citizens are being offered the same exact treatment as uk citizens . 
  the eu wants eu citizens to get better treatment than uk citizens while refusing the uk 's offer of bilateral treatment . 
  no it 's we reminding ee that it has abandoned it before and damn will do so again if it can make a buck off of it . 
  it 's okay you see - poland has a extremist right wing nazi government that refuses to accept those poor migrant lawyers and doctors . 
  so it 's different . 
   there are millions of unemployed french people . 
  and poland dares to protest when we wo n't allow corporations to fuck our working class over . 
  disgusting behavior . 
  there is no other word . 
  please , as if there are n't millions of unemployed poles too . 
  it 's perfectly fine to make all of this illegal , but do n't pretend they are morally wrong for basically wanting their working class to find jobs . 
  their economy is far less wealthy and they 're looking to put food on their tables just as much as those native french working class members . 
  furthermore france as a whole does benefit from lower costs of construction . 
  it is perfectly valid for france to say , no we do n't want that benefit we 'd rather protect our working class and have higher costs . 
  * but get off your high horse . 
  ah so instead of the keystone xl you would prefer the us to be more dependent on the me ? 
  or perhaps it should have been more like germany and back stabbed eastern europe with nord stream ? 
   why should germany apply your laws on their ground ? 
  from what i understood , the whole thing was thought and created in germany and cheated the whole world . 
  the company should be fined af by each country but if any individual are prosecuted it should be in germany . 
  or even better , by the european court of justice since they are european and the whole europe was scammed . 
  if you commit a criminal offense in the us , then us law applies to you . 
  you keep throwing up whataboutism with tax havens , but you ignore that the ** tax havens are legal ** . 
  work that out with your fellow eu members to close * legal loopholes * . 
  stop equating intentionally and illegally cheating government mandated testing with using legal loopholes . 
  they are not the same . 
  furthermore it 's extremely suspicious that the eu market , one of the largest diesel markets , was n't the first to discover this . 
  more so since merkel personally pushed california to lower their environmental standards for diesel cars . 
  stealth will unlikely be ever obsolete . 
  a larger signature will always be easier to detect than a smaller one . 
  effective at what ? 
  it 's difficult to tell the difference between multiple different nations . 
  if the point is to erase uniqueness and create a single monolith then sure that can be effective . 
  last i checked the us is n't threatening action and sanctions against v4 for not accepting migrants . 
  how long until a euro army marches against warsaw to enforce a ruling ? 
  to budapest to remove a pesky leader eurocrats dislike ? 
  or simply declare they wo n't protect a nation to put pressure . 
  us does n't force anyone to do anything through nato . 
  it 's all completely voluntary . 
  even spending on your own defense is voluntary . 
  the eu on the other hand has been built on binding agreements which individual nations alone can not overthrow . 
  if they make a ruling you dislike , tough luck because its their way or the high way . 
  you do not need a eu army for that . 
  you do that right now . 
  these guys care about killing as many people as possible more than making them scared . 
  why do people not get how it works ? 
  paying people to have an opinion is illegal . 
  finding and donating to people who share your values and ideas is not . 
  germany did n't have opportunity to do anything else . 
  it was in danger of being over run by several million man armies of the warsaw pact armies . 
  it had no choice but to hold it 's ground or else be overwhelmed by the one other option than the us . 
  there is a reason why much of the world has been very content with the united states as sole superpower and world police . 
  the real politik is that a distance hegemon is less scary than local power . 
  iraq was a screw up , but look at what has happened throughout the middle east - yemen , syria , libya . 
  we do not know what the world would look like had the us not gone into iraq . 
  but suggesting that it would have been stable and peaceful would be pretty presumptuous given what other me nations have experienced in the past decade . 
  the us 's first blunder was getting into that mess and making it a us problem . 
  but the last administration prematurely left and exasperated the problem allowing for isis to rise in a power vacuum which occurred because of a political promise of troop withdrawal . 
  the narrative is too strong . 
  remember how china and germany were supposed to be the leaders on the fight against climate change ? 
  you know , the china who not only is the single largest source of emissions globally but also exceeds the eu 's per capita emissions ? 
  us has much to do , but emissions continue to fall year on year and the momentum continues in the right direction .
