a chinese soldier 's wages are not the same as a german one . 
  a chinese engineer does not cost the same as a german one . 
  china and russia have significantly more bang for their buck when compared in absolute terms . 
  the us 's $ 600bn is not sufficient to maintain superiority over china while also engaged in action all over the world . 
  the eu does n't have to buy the f35 , which is at the moment the best and most modern multirole fighter available . 
  more modern mbt 's , and ships alone would be massively helpful in building european self reliance and capability . 
  a europe that is self sufficient in it 's security capability would be to the benefit of both the eu and the us . 
  the eu ca n't stop the flow of hundreds of thousands of humans , let alone drugs and other contraband . 
  what makes you think you can stop the flow of guns ? 
  the thread is a comparison of food safety . 
  if you have data specifically about salmonella rates from eggs or pathogens that are egg born between the two then i 'm all ears . 
  because germany worked * with * the russians to destroy poland . 
  had they not done that poland would n't have been in that situation in the first place . 
   yes hillary made it extra shitty when she declined the regime a chance for peace ah so hrc 's emails * did n't * reveal that was explicitly french intelligence which plotted gaddafi downfall for france 's own interest in oil and business . 
  incredible , europe just ca n't do anything wrong and when it does it 's * always * america 's fault . 
   it 's not about nuclear proliferation it 's about us trying to find an excuse so it can go to war again because ? 
  the us already is involved in armed conflict in afghanistan and it has sof operating all over the me/af region . 
  it 's got more than enough on it 's plate . 
  and after years of neglect due to the budgeting of the previous administration , [ the us is less ready for a conflict to defend it 's allies than ever before , let alone start a new foreign war . 
  ] ( https://www.airforcetimes.com/news/your-air-force/2017/04/02/growing-readiness-woes-only-7-in-10-air-force-planes-are-ready-to-fly/ ) so please tell me the brilliant reasons why the us is looking to spend more on operations instead of investing in procurement and platforms . 
   your president send a guy who claims he destroyed one union and is going to destroy another a president is very limited in what he or she can do if it is not without the express consent of the legislature . 
  european federalization has been us policy after ww2 and the federalist movement was started and supported in part thanks to the work of the cia . 
  an single outlier does not make policy , especially when that outlier does not have the full backing of the american government which is far larger than just one man . 
   libya started as eurpean intervention but shit hit the fan after hillary clinton decided to kill anyone she can . 
  ah yes it was all hrc 's fault . 
  surely the french did n't actively seek the death of qaddafi . 
  also do n't worry , france already got the us good by turning vietnam into a clusterfuck and getting the us pulled into it . 
   really ? 
  is this why rich americans sponsored people supporting brexit ? 
  and rich americans supported remain as well . 
  what 's your point ? 
   i also forgot that america wants war with iran for some reason which is absolutely against europe interests also supporting ksa is against europe interests ah so nuclear proliferation is * europe 's interest now * ? 
  fascinating . 
   afghanistan now being under taliban control as much as ever before wow the country went from being entirely under taliban control to entirely taliban control again ? 
  who knew !, 
  100k us military personal in europe vs 33k non us/uk nato personal in afghanistan . 
  clearly the dastardly bastardy americans have been getting the better of europe . 
  yes i 'm sure germany , being the 4th largest economy of the world is utterly incomprehensibly more powerful than russia with it 's mighty 225 tanks . 
  and the german air force has unparalleled readiness and is not sitting in a state of disrepair too while we 're at it . 
  because in the end , modern wars , which are largely won or lost in the matter of days , are after all about gdp numbers and manufacturing capability like nearly half a century ago ... 
  all of europe ? 
  the baltics and parts of eastern europe ? 
  yes absolutely . 
  the baltics can be taken in 48 hours by russia . 
  source ? 
  poland has had pretty low birthrates so this would be ... surprising, 
  yup . 
  this entire nk nuclear debacle actually is on the horrific lack of foresight and policy failure of the previous us administration for it 's actions in libya . 
  luckily for them there 's a clown in town who gets to be the fall guy . 
   20 afghanistan  21 japan huh . 
  tesla has a huge amount of hype , but the question remains if they can live up to it . 
  tesla 's cars are expensive luxury cars which lack the build quality of luxury cars . 
  seriously , look up the issues with qa online . 
  companies like bwm , audi , lexus , cadillac have good qa for their luxury cars which tesla has largely skipped . 
   for example vw has been producing the e-golf since 2014 now , and the care costs basically the same as a tesla ( 36k vs 35k ) with comparable milage ( 300km vs 345km ) , so tesla is n't in any way a revolutionary as others reached the middle class consumers first . 
  you 're making the assumption they can hit their 35k price point , which is is a bit of a if . 
  but you also hit on a good point . 
  this price point for a electric car is not new . 
  meanwhile the e-golf has n't revolutionized the car industry . 
  so why will the model 3 ? 
  same thing with the chevy volt . 
  [ just look at total ev sales ] ( https://c1cleantechnicacom-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/files/2017/07/us-electric-car-sales-june-2017-vs-2016-ytd.png ) they 're looking a little better this year than last , but this is n't exactly industry shaping . 
  for something which is hyped up to be the big harbinger of a ev revolution it does n't seem to really make a good case for it . 
  i mean considering that russia is the only other nation with the ability to utterly remove a nation the size of the us from a map , it makes sense . 
  no this is not an appropriate analogy . 
  brexit is happening because a majority held an opinion and voted . 
  there was a mandate give by the people . 
  poles are over welmingly against this and there is no mandate . 
  to force the issue would be to directly work against the will of the polish people . 
  poland was growing just as rapidly before the eu . 
  being part of the eu has allowed for some of poland 's best and brightest to leave for better opportunities . 
  this is left those in poland worse off . 
  poland has benefited from being a eu member , but there have been real downsides for it as well , and if push comes to shove and the eu starts sanctioning poland there are intellectually sound reasons for poles to be upset with the eu . 
   all companys have dirt on their hands and has to be punished . 
  citation needed . 
   eu has to rethink this alliance and has to do some steps now . 
  a good start would be to deport all american spys ( nsa , cia & co ) + stop using dollar for trade . 
  this gives usa to much power and usa dont deserve this . 
  sure , by all means seriously invest in european security instead of using nato as an excuse to spend 1 % of gdp on defense . 
  also last i checked us treasury notes were the safest investment on the planet , even when the housing crisis was going down , so good luck with that . 
  what is the evidence that centralization is worse for corruption than decentralization ? 
  you seem to push the idea of effort but in the us senatorial and federal corruption are seriously rare and hunted for . 
  after all nabbing a corrupt senator can make a career . 
  it 's smaller local governments which have less oversight and attention which are significantly more corrupt in the us . 
  executive positions require people with executive experience . 
  if you are to pick outside of a pool of individuals whom already had experience in government then it 's natural to look at those whom have executive experience in corporations . 
  it is one thing to survey a list of potential candidates and say , this person has the best qualifications to do a job . 
  it 's another thing entirely to receive massive donations to your organizations and then pick candidates whom they tell you to pick . 
  choosing a vp or former ceo of goldman sachs because they were the best candidate for a job is fine . 
  choosing a former ceo of goldman sachs because goldman sachs gave you lots of money and ~ ~ told ~ ~ asked you is not okay . 
  there is a meaningful difference . 
  using legal loopholes by definition is legal . 
  the eu has fined us companies $ bn 's for anti competitive actions . 
  this just confirms suspicions that those fines happened not because it may or may not have been the just thing to do but because it was done by companies which are not european . 
  that ruins the credibility of the eu 's objectivity . 
  google and microsoft are punished for anti competitive practices but suddenly german car manufacturers are a sacred cow ? 
  either justice is blind and impartial or it is not justice . 
  congress can impeach scotus members . 
  the house voted to impeach justice samuel chase in 1805 but congress voted against it . 
  in the us impeachment is a political process .
