  a better comparison would be destroying drug plantations . 
  would you prefer that the us not take out these camps ? 
  america ca n't go in and change your policies to stem the tide of individuals with entirely incompatible cultural values . 
  they ca n't go in and stop prosecution of thought crimes of `` islamophobia '' nor curtail the suicidal islamophilia of european leaders . 
  that 's entirely up to europe . 
   europe has the economy to spend more than us , it just do n't have a reason to . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  if china and the us were to nuke each to oblivion europe would be at leash of russia and the middle east due to it 's massive energy imports . 
  europe has no way to secure vital strategic resources it needs . 
  a interruption of these resources would led to millions starving . 
  i find it utter reprehensible that europe lacks the capability to guarantee it 's own survival without the assistance of the us . 
  it would be perhaps understandable if europe were not as a large and prosperous . 
  however that is not the case . 
  the only excuse for being incapable of ensuring one 's own survival is that being self interested and taking advantage of your partners in bad faith allows for spending else where . 
  bases in africa are key in the fight against terrorism and assisting in the stability of african allies . 
  an unstable africa would led to a larger migrant and extremist crisis in europe . 
  we are still learning the facts in the manchester bombing , but preliminary information appears to suggest that he traveled to libya to a camp where he was trained . 
  finding and destroying such camps is crucial to the fight against terror . 
  being upset about spying is fine , but understand that as an american i 'll roll my eyes when i [ hear about it given that germany has been caught doing the same to the us and france . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/nov/11/germany-reported-to-be-spying-on-us-others-after-m/ ) there was n't much outrage over that , and it make 's merkel 's protests rather hypocritical and shallow . 
  edit : furthermore the rest of the other bases help assist us operations world wide . 
  the us is the protector of global trade . 
  nato members have greatly benefited from this . 
  if you ignore that along with the fact that many of the largest bases are in europe in the first place then you can wipe away 25 % of the us dod budget , but that still would account for more than 2 % gdp spending and 100 's of bn 's more than total european defense spending, 
  ah well i ca n't speak for the west coast as much , but the east coast you have so many amazing small places to get seafood . 
  i 'm surprised you do n't have as much still , as 100 km really is n't that bad . 
  cheap american food is n't usually great . 
  but if you step up your budget it is amazing . 
  when i visited rome i found a lot of decent food for 20-30 euros but if i wanted something of comparable quality to a good restaurant in nyc i found to step up the price higher than that of the ones in nyc . 
  do you live near one of the coasts ? 
  there are plenty of small fishers which sell amazing seafood to cook yourself . 
  not to mention the entire ne coast has great seafood in restaurants . 
  the us spending on ongoing operations does not count towards these kinds of figures . 
  it takes the base dod budget and not the added spending . 
  furthermore how does having bases in foreign nations which you pledged to protect not count as defensive spending ? 
  how do you imagine the us aiding europe in a defensive war without bases ? 
  what 's wrong with the national interest ? 
  the point is that germany for it 's 50bn get significantly less than russia does for their 60bn . 
  russia has been building new modern aircraft and has more fighters despite spending only 10bn more . 
  $ 250bn would be extremely rich if the only strategic objective is defending sovereign us territory . 
  it is nearly impossible to invade the us . 
  no other nation in the world has the logistical capability of launching an expeditionary force across an ocean to maintain a campaign . 
  meanwhile 46 % of us house holds have a firearm . 
  a militia combined with bare bones nuclear deterrent would be sufficient . 
  the us has treaties guaranteeing the security of 1/4 of humanity . 
  from that perspective the dod has actually been underfunded the past 8 years . 
  i did n't think it finished sea trials yet . 
  lots of people can . 
  russians have excellent mobile sam systems which are good not just at shooting down civilian airplanes but small nimble fighters as well ? 
  air power has been a key to every major war since ww2 . 
  furthermore the eu at the moment is unable to guarantee it 's own survival without the us . 
  it 's energy is extremely dependent on foreign imports from russia and the middle east . 
  if either were to be interrupted that would led to massive shortages and wipe away hundreds of billions economically . 
  if both were to be interrupted then you would see millions starve due to an inability to effectively transport food . 
  if the media keeps this up trump is going to win a second term . 
  wew boy . 
  you do realize this just strengths trump and gives him more credibility when he says that fake news is out to get him , right ? 
  i mean if europe had it 's own stealth multi role then by all means go ahead and buy that instead . 
  it probably would have one it had not underfunded it 's own security . 
  this scenario has been war gamed and once russia takes the baltic 's geographically it will be very difficult to dig them out . 
  western europeans are n't used to hardships like russian 's have faced . 
  if faced with fuel shortages and real hardships will they still stand behind retaking estonia ? 
  or will they be happy to accept a truce ? 
  hard to have a thousand year reign if the planet gets annihilated . 
  not necessarily libyan in origin , but libya was a huge partner in steaming boats from coming across . 
  the threat of the orange menace is overblown . 
  he 'll try to scare the eu into spending more on it 's own security , which to be honest , it should but the real dirty secret is the fact that the us 's power is a shadow of what it was in the 90 's . 
  the us has been seriously reduced and spread thin . 
  even with russia as a declining power it still posses a extremely potent threat to the baltics and even with us power nato may not be able to win that fight . 
  a more powerful eu would greatly relieve that threat . 
  for pax americana to continue the us needs more allies and it needs it 's allies to be capable . 
  china does n't send a carrier group because it does n't have the ability to do so , it 's own carrier is a horrible one from the soviet era . 
  but they are working around the clock to be able to acquire carriers for projecting power . 
  if there were no merits to such capability then why are they so intensively pursuing it . 
  do you truly believe france or uk is willing to chose their own mass extinction by nuclear hell fire over tallinn ? 
  russia would n't likely use nukes , but eu members most certainly wo n't . 
  most of the western eu population does n't even support mutual defense . 
  furthermore the army is n't held in much regard in some of the most prosperous eu economies . 
  russia is capable of taking the baltics within 48 hours and even with us assistance it would be difficult preventing that . 
  but should it occur digging the russians out would be difficult , even with us forces . 
  a good portion of russia 's military equipment is outdated but they have a sizable rapid action force which is very modern and capable . 
  their armor divisions should not be underestimated , especially given how underfunded much of the eu 's own security has been . 
  as for economies , what do you think will happen to the eu when russian oil ceases to flow ? 
  the eu is massively dependent on foreign oil imports and it is at the moment largely dependent on the us protected shipping and russian pipelines . 
  without the us the eu would have a massive energy crisis . 
  you must have studied a fascinating form of morality to see a capital punishment to equate to abortions . 
  i do not agree with these views of abortion and personally believe abortions should be allowed even in later trimesters for simple pragmatism of it . 
  this specific belief is shared by many members of gop , as after all they are not a monolith . 
  but i 'm sure your extremely civilized ways of incentivizing and proping up massive birth rates of unproductive migrants will result the furthering of europe 's levels of civilization and not lead to record breaking numbers of female mutilation . 
  i 'm sure that such peoples who 's state sponsored welfare allows for insular groups that have minimum contact and interaction with their fellow europeans will certainly not lead to rise of entirely illiberal , non-european views and values . 
  i can only hope that the us too will learn to be less barbaric and more civilized as the eu is . 
  are you really suggesting that having capital punishment for the most hardened and worse criminal offenders is somehow is a moral contradiction to not wanting ( what these individuals believe ) unborn persons being killed ? 
  oh come on . 
  evangelicals literally believe that life starts earlier on and that aborting an unborn fetus is effectively murder . 
  that may or may not be true but we do n't have exactly a good way to determine precisely when life does begin and these individuals are genuine in their belief . 
  because the number one security threat in the baltics always was russia . 
  us media was tripping over themselves to congratulate how forward thinking obama was when he told off mitt romney that russia was n't a geopolitical threat . 
  and how exactly do you propose he plugs these leaks ? 
  it 's hard to know exactly who is leaking this and it seems a rather large portion of the federal government could be suspect . 
  well it 's certainly history rhyming .
