  you will never be in the same exact situation ever again . 
  i like to think of my life as a movie . 
  just make it look good to yourself . 
  try to find an orangina bottle , they are 14x7 ,5 cm . 
  oh , and have great grip too . 
  but i think i 've seen plastic ones on their website . 
  it 's only smellz ... 
  edit : for all the downvoters : it 's a reference to a porn video where two women try to refuse to have ass-to-mouth and rocco tries to convice them with his bad english . 
  ronnie flex & lil kleine - drank en drugs, 
  bad teeth . 
  so much pain , time and money . 
  lying . 
  it gets addictive , man . 
  it 's really hard to stop , but i have n't told a lie in half a year and it actually feels really nice . 
  i feel like i 'm stuck in life and ca n't do anything productive for my future . 
  i ca n't concentrate on a subject for more than 10 minutes . 
  i 'm only 19 just before applying to college and i 'm really scared . 
  thanks , i 'll try that . 
  my gf and my brother also do this , and they are fairly succesful . 
  enter the void . 
  almost three hours . 
  i heard it 's a cult classic and i 'm also a big fan of drug culture , but that movie was just depressing and later on boring . 
  i get that it 's an after-death experience , but it did n't have any message for me . 
  at the end it was like `` ehh , okay , that happened '' . 
  like an attractive person made into a balloon . 
  i can look at it for hours and ca n't figure it out . 
  did you get stung by a couple of bees or your face just decided to be fat at random places ? 
  this is just what i needed . 
  so inspirational !, 
  you 're doing great and will be doing even better . 
  you do n't have to face anything that 's impossible . 
  do n't smoke so much ? 
  maybe you 're just greening out, 
  dude , you 're an awesome friend !, 
  what dosage are you aiming for ? 
  will this be your first time ? 
  tip : if the trip takes a turn in the bad direction , a change of surroundings is usually a good idea . 
  i think 1.5 is great , you do n't have to worry bigger mindfucks and losing your head . 
  my first trip was with 1g , still my most beutiful trip ever . 
  you know , no big visuals , just a different state of mind and feeling . 
  yeah , i want to upload my cave too , but my phone doeas n't know what to do with the blue lights : /, 
  / r/tripcaves ? 
  killing spree was my favorite . 
  also lot of games . 
  shit , i 'm gon na check that site when i get home , hope its still just as awesome . 
  i think i know what you 're talking about , and it really was awesome . 
  hope someone finds it . 
  hey , i 'm sorry that happened , but at least you will ve able to say that you got through it . 
  an easy life is a boring story . 
  you will get better . 
  you want to make them happy more than you want them to make you happy . 
  and being perfectly content doing that . 
  here in my arns from hellogoodbye, 
  man , it gets intense sometimes . 
  both , a relationship consists of two whole people , not of two halves . 
  because it 's tradition and christianity . 
  also evoltution ? 
  my gf and i want to go to some glacier-lakes to bathe in them naked . 
  ( both warm and ice-cold ), 
  hope that makes sense . 
  this is honestly sounds amazing !, 
  and you deserve it !, 
  i 'm just like that with learning in university . 
  i never had to study at home , but now i have to put work in and anytime i do n't understand something immeadietly , i get stomach cramps and start to sweat . 
  but every time it 's a little better than last time , i have to remember that . 
  favourite drink atm . 
  go for it , just tell the `` super-mascouline-only-drinks-whisky '' men , that you know what you like and thats it . 
  do n't care whether the lightbulb looks good as long as it lights the room . 
  amanda ? 
  looking healthy . 
  she can be on the plump side , as long as she can do sports with me . 
  also , chest . 
  not breast size by any means , just atractive upper chest . 
  girls with small boobs usually have goergous lines around their collarbones . 
  yes , lack of willpower , unhealthy lifestyle , selfishness etc. 
  but they being fat is the product of them being selfish , it 's the same as if you 're a bad student , if you learn now , your grades will show it later . 
  and it will be harder because you did n't learn before . 
  i do n't want to do a project work with soneone who will maybe get good grades later . 
  and they do n't give bettet grades jist because you started lwarning two weeks before the semesters end . 
  and if you work out , but still are overweight , you 're still unhealthy and undesired by me . 
  i 'm not gon na throw rocks at you , go work out , thats great , kudos for you for making that decision , but i 'm not gon na make you the biggest part of my life . 
  actually , you should . 
  butter can burn . 
  yes , it does . 
  i dunno , i 'm always told to do it , and it works . 
  you could add some shattered colored glass effect to the red and green , and lots of shading to make it more `` realistic '' and perhaps fill in the space between the black outlines . 
  i do n't know a lot about tattoss , but i was just thinking `` less cartooney '' . 
  hope it helps , please post he results once its done , or just send it to me , i 'm really curious , 
  if anyone is interested in hegel 's triad you should look into, 
  [ the tragedy of man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_tragedy_of_man ) by imre mad\u00e1ch . 
  it was disregarded as a faust-ripoff , but later recognised as a masterpiece . 
  in high school we studied both mad\u00e1ch and faust ( hungarian + german literature ) and most of us found it to be more intriguing and enjoyable . 
  i think everyone found interesting even though it was curriculum . 
  watch out , i bought one from ebay and it was pretty faded : /, 
  still cool though , just a bit of a let-down, 
  well to be fair it was supposadley one of the best high schools in the country , and it was a bilingual school , hence the german-literature . 
  but in my country education is generally very very lexical , but we had good teachers , so we did n't just learn about it , but discussed as well which was much more engaging . 
  definitly orange , first of all because orange is king , second of all , because i want to be fast and efficient , and working in silence is a big part of that, 
  not gon na lie , i teared up like a baby . 
  i 'm in the same situation , but what i found helpful is cutting our porn .
