  first off , only pictures , then only imagination . 
  this way it 's not an instant dose of pleasure anymore , and it 's more about pure enjoyment rather than quick relief . 
  well i would be scared shitless if i heard a gunshot that close to me , maybe he was scared and naturally struck a defensive pose, 
  10 days, 
  nice !, 
  what do you use for the light above your bed ? 
  oh fuck that 's nasty . 
  440 is no joke , a friend wanted to kill himself and felt like dying over and over again on a much lower dose . 
  the ambulance was perhaps not needed , but fuck i can imagine how stressed out you were . 
  you could easely plead food poisoning . 
  why do you think they know that was the reason for you being ill . 
  and being pale , sweating , and throwing up sound a lot like greening out from weed . 
  yeah i get you . 
  but i think you 're on the right path . 
  it 's not gon na be better instantly , but you know why you feel what you feel , and i think that 's more important than `` getting better '' . 
  knowing yourself is something most people ca n't say about themselves especially not on a level that deep . 
  and ultimately figuring out your feelings leads to a higher eq and you can be a more understanding person for your partner . 
  i did the same thing and i was still miserable , kinda still am , but i 'm using some arrogance as fuel , because most people do n't go through this , but i am and will be better for it and will never ever do such horrible things . 
  i know that it 's cliche , but it will get better , it always will , just one day at a time . 
  now this is what it 's all about !, 
  and it will be amazing with people you 're close with , just be safe and do n't do anything stupid and you 're golden . 
  glad you had a great time , 
  was it purely sensation-enchancing , or was there a part that was more introspective ? 
  i always feel like i get to know more about myself and my life on trips . 
  / r/drugart would like this . 
  you know all this is beneficial and novel , and for the greater good , but do n't miss out on the human experience , the reason you 're trying to make other peoples experince better !, 
  do n't lose contact with the reason behind all of your ambitions , because sooner or later you will loose the vision of your goal . 
  you know think globally , act locally . 
  and in this case acting locally is connecting with humanity and feeling one with it , because your ideas need to be accepted by others , you need to share your vision and listen to other people 's visions as well , we can only do this together . 
  i hope you read this and think about it , we want you to be happy , with us , 
  no way !, 
  savage !, 
  nice shot !, 
  have to try it sometime !, 
  well it 's gon na fade away , but part of it will remain , in a sense that you now know this feeling and will remember it from time to time . 
  sorry i ca n't really describe it better . 
  glad you had a positive experience !, 
  that 's a pretty fucking great explanation . 
  i 'm glad !, 
  one minor thing i noticed is , i ca n't look at a pavement , or something with many little dots or spots on it without getting `` tha '' feeling , and without it starting to look weird , but i do n't mind it at all . 
  i 've been thinking about my fear the past few days constantly , this is just what i needed . 
  maybe i am a little late to start learning for tomorrow 's exam , but damn if i ai n't gon na try . 
  thank you , i needed this . 
  think about it this way : there 's a lot of little kids playing . 
  if you feel it is important for you to say kys to a 10 yom then of course you should get reported . 
  besides , i 'm here to play not to listen to your negative bullshit , it 's like going to the pub just to have a drunkard start a fight with you . 
  but i am . 
  congrats , dad !, 
  weight : 5.75 lbs ; length : 22 . inches ; sex : m ; induction-birth : 6hrs 30min, 
  it was the same for me , but i came to a big turn at like 4 years and some months just recently , so good luck , it will happen !, 
  bar of soap around it ? 
  maybe just put dots instead of a map , and than connect the dots in the pattern that you moved about . 
  could be interesting , 
  that 's a good doggo !, 
  no , dude i 'm 20 and felt like this for like the past 2 years :(, 
  i feel yo . 
  to be fair from 14 to 17 i did a lot of reckless substance use though :d, 
  you 're not lazy , if you are anything like me , you 're just afraid of failure . 
  i needed 5 years just to be able to sit down and do some work for school , but it happened , it gets better !, 
  and i 've been working like a dog !, 
  maybe you two should start talking , you seem like you understand each other better than most people , 
  that is fucking hilarious . 
  what the fuck who does that ? 
  that 's excactly how i feel about it . 
  idk next time i will try to eat ot but hell , that will take a lot of willpower . 
  nothings too harsh , but everything is interesting , ca n't think of anything similar i heard before :, 
  keep it up man !, 
  absolutely !, 
  i think it 's because you are not afraid to use sounds that are purely subtle lp - d `` soft '' sounds . 
  hope to hear more from you !, 
  i love you, 
  it 's exactly absolutely zero where i 'm from , and surprisingly no one was complaining about it when they changed it although drinking is a big part of our culture . 
  that 's actually a really fucking food advice !, 
  i swear i read this word for word more than once but with something different being hid . 
  shoutout to lord baelish \u270c, 
  same, 
  btw wy ca n't i stop looking at the f *** in thing ? 
  edit : thank you , 3 different answers in 15 minutes !, 
  i guess it 's logical , it just seemed so weird that in the heat you would want to feel the `` hot '' sensation , but love what you get i guess . 
  so i finally took shrooms for he first time with a good friend . 
  we got roughly 2.5 g or a bit less . 
  at 11pm we prepared them nicely on the table . 
  i ate a bit more , because i 'm 94kg and my friend is 75 . 
  i was a bit nervous , but now there was no way back , the trip started , now we just have to wait . 
  laid down on the beds and we started talking , but there were no signs of the shrooms for at least 45 minutes just some really minor effects , that could easily be placebo . 
  i started questioning the drug , because i felt no artificial effect on my body at all , everything was natural as always . 
  then it kicked in . 
  i looked up at the ceiling and started seeing visuals moving , ever so subtle but when payed attention to , beautiful . 
  still it was n't really a big thing , nothing like in the stories and the movies . 
  but then i realized i 'm smiling and that my motor skills are gone . 
  i felt like a kid and it seemed like my friend got the same vibe . 
  long story short , we played like 4 year olds on his carpet , he showed me his `` toys '' and completeley forgot that we even ate the shrooms . 
  it was just wonderful , because i could easily sober up whenever i wanted to , i just did n't want to . 
  after 3-4 hours it was finally over nad we started talking like the grown up 18 year olds that we are , we watched the music video for the chemical brothers ' swoon , i cried on it because it reminded me of my girlfriend who i really wanted to invite to play with us during the trip . 
  honestly it could n't have been more perfect and i think we got really lucky with our circumstances : we got a nice isolated room with blankets all over the ground , doors were locked , we just spent the previous 3 days having fun with friends , just before the trip i even got a text from my gf telling me she loves me . 
  there were a lot of other details that were just perfect , but i ca n't finnish this post til tomorrow if i start listing them . 
  thanks for reading this , this is really personal for me and i hope you guys enjoy it , 
  tldr : first trip with 1.2-1 .4 g , no trippy visuals , just a big attitude change and going back to kindergarten . 
  i remember it was a video where the gys did a suprise switcharoo on the girls . 
  my dsd will be on the 2nd and 14th ( oral exam ) of december .
