i have to get up early not to be late for school , but still my younger cat accompanies me every mornig at 6 am to the end of the street so as to say goodbye . 
  brightens up my every day , 
  not letting a girl go home alone . 
  whenever there is a situation like that , i do n't mind having to get home an our later . 
  ( i live near the capital , so i 'm there most of the time , but there 's only one bus per hour going home . ), 
  i do n't think i 'm `` gentleman '' because of this ( hardly at 18 ) , but people always call me old fashioned and stuff . 
  luckily my girlfriend likes this , even if it 's with other girls . 
  totally agree . 
  i remember we 've had some polish relatives over , and organized a big family dinner . 
  and we , the five grandchildren ( 4 boys , 1 girl ) kissed our grandma and grandpa an then our relatives asked if we were gay . 
  i mean damn i just greeted my grandpa like every fuck 'n time . 
  i 'm from hungary and it 's my favorite fuckin thing . 
  in meatsoup or just by itself , best part of the animal , 
  my girlfriend in a maid outfit and i have to go there end hug her , but when i do , i realise that her skin is hot red iron and her hear is barbed wire that pokes my eye out . 
  the worst part is , i ca n't get out , but wo n't even die , because only my skin and eyes are damaged and also it feels kinda nice at the same time , like i do n't want to do anything and i dont know why . 
  ignore this !, 
  i 'm just writing this to see my lowest time ... 
  you probably saw the daft.punk anime and liked it , that 's all i have :d, 
  that 's the kind of cool guy i want to be . 
  microwaving food . 
  it does n't do shit , just moves h-molecules around a bit . 
  when you want to have sex for the emotional pleasure , to be as close to them as possible and make them happy . 
  1 minute loops i hate because i ca n't finish/polish them , but can listen to them for hours :d, 
  if we had the complete map from the game i think i could pinpoint , the unknown location based on the other coordinates . 
  that said after that we still wont know who is it in connection with ( if it 's a house we still wo n't know who lives there etc. ), 
  thanks !, 
  i think i wan na slowly take the steps slowly to higher doses , i want to get something new every time you know , 
  definitly in love with the spiritual stuff tho , i already feel likei learned something new about myself , 
  close , but not exactly . 
  lets just say somewhere in central-europe , 
  shrooms user is just a kid from kindergarten . 
  making the stupidest and smartest jokes as well as constantly making fun of myself and just beeing a goof ( messing up things like im bad at them ) while still being really succesful . 
  also for liking anime . 
  being able to just stop and look at things , appreciate the details and just wonder how very detailed life is . 
  it gives me a lot of inspiration and i can inspect things more deeply ( for example people 's behavior ) . 
  i truly think that very few in my surroundings are able to do that . 
  sorry for the wait , i was away ( learning german of course ) . 
  what i 'm really curious about is the spontanous speaking part , it really scares me , because we only have 20 minutes and i think i 'm not able to always speak fluently in a situation like that . 
  also i would like to ask you , how long have you been learning german and how long did you prepare for the dsd ? 
  in my case i have been learning german for almost 13 years and have been taught about the dsd exam for 2-3 years now . 
  close reddit  lower expectations  open reddit again, 
  you mean brain humor , right ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm lonely, 
  always having someone come in , when they 're trying to poop . 
  not just public toilettes , i mean, 
  time . 
  oh cool i never reallt knew there actually was a brain humor club . 
  but i do n't think i 'll go you probably wo n't find me funny enogh anyway ... 
  video game streaming and let 's play videos . 
  now it 's like , half of the internet . 
  that 's racist . 
  because he ca n't get cunts . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  and it will make boobs sag less , both for men and women . 
  teaspoon of sugar ... 
  based on op 's responses , good humor . 
  ahh , you caught me , have an upvote, 
  and boobs, 
  yeah , imagine shit being stuck between your theeth 24/7, 
  ohh , i like you already , 
  that would be weird, 
  fuckin magnets man ... 
  for five years now i always have an a + test in grammar class that i did n't even take . 
  everyone knows except the teacher . 
  she always says `` yeah , i remember your test was quite good . '', 
  i do n't know how i did it , it was always just a joke , but when she wrote the a + in her notebook i just went with it ... every year . 
  but hey , i wo n't argue with a free good grade, 
  to be real , fat is just like an extra blanket on your body , it 's just a bit softer ... and heavier . 
  and does it keep them warm ? 
  wow, 
  who is this `` 4-chan '' ? 
  a ring for my girlfriend . 
  if that does n't work out , a camera to take pictures of the awesome moments of my life . 
  the ability to ask any question about anything from actual people who are using the product i 'm having questions about or work in the area of my interest . 
  best example would be r/drugs . 
  they have a lot of useful infos for users and offer help fighting the addiction if it 's a harmful one . 
  i could never ask about proper doses and use of drugs anywhere else irl . 
  oh , how come ? 
  i just assumed it works like weed other drugs just has a longer come up and we would have two peaks . 
  thanks man , i think i will try to make some fun music and have some papers and pencils for my friend , 
  we have 2x300ug if we can trust our source ( i do ) . 
  i did n't really think about it , but now i have bad vibes about them . 
  gon na pick up a test kit just in case it 's nbome . 
  and are you sure they are lsd blotters ? 
  i 'm really worried about mine , and i ca n't really get my hands on a test kit in my area . 
  dude falls in love with girl , does n't work out . 
  dude gets his shit together and moves on . 
  your first time having sex . 
  that i have a beutiful man-butt . 
  did n't know until i got compliments from all of my classmates ( even boys ) on sports day when i was in my jogging clothes . 
  go to the dentist alone . 
  how so ? 
  dry things in general . 
  one touch of dry sponge or chalkboard and i ca n't speak , have headaches and goosebumps . 
  feel like i 'm gon na die frozen in time . 
  so yeah , i ca n't really function when the danger is near . 
  your life is short , so explore it as best as you can . 
  feeling sad and in despair ? 
  if you can without being a threat to others and yourself , try to embrace it and explore it .
