the biggest risk to your health is the cholesterol in the ulster fry . 
  live in a bad neighbourhood and sometimes work late , instructions unclear . 
  theresa may turned down the use of water cannon for riots in england . 
  as you say they are pretty indiscriminate even in a riot situation and can harm bystanders . 
  not any sort of expert but i do n't think that 's how water cannon work . 
  they seem to be used for marches and riots where police want to indiscriminately clear an area . 
  you could get injured , especially if there are knives around . 
  i think this situation needed police physically in the area to intervene . 
  was n't there but it sounds like there was n't a mob so much as individuals mixing with crowds celebrating new year . 
  you 'd hit a fair few drunk revellers and might hurt them . 
  [ dietrich wagner ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-26226926 ) was blinded by a water cannon in stuttgart . 
  admittedly that is a rare occurrence but water cannon are not the innocuous spray of water some assume . 
  water cannon would have blasted the women being assaulted as well as the perpetrators . 
  the extra police would have been useful though . 
  a couple of years ago i visited cologne as a single female tourist . 
  if i look at this advice and take it seriously i 'm not going to visit because i wo n't have a group to stay with and as everyone is a stranger to me in the city it might be a bit awkward staying at arms length . 
  altering my behaviour in this case to follow the code of conduct is not visiting the city as it 's not possible for me to follow the rules . 
  i 'm strongly against such restrictions on my free movement and instead would give any trouble maker a loud sample of welsh swear words and a swift kick in the bollocks . 
  careful what you wish for !, 
  i 'm not in one of the areas that 's flooded but rain nearly every day for months does something to the psyche . 
  on a beautiful summer 's day , two english tourists were driving through wales . 
  at llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwyllllantysiliogogogoch they stopped for lunch and one of the tourists asked the waitress : `` before we order , i wonder if you could settle an argument for us . 
  can you pronounce where we are , very , very , very slowly ? '' the girl leaned over and said : `` burrr ... gurrr ... king . '', 
  going through pregnancy is a lot more of an ordeal for the body than an early abortion by a long way . 
  took a couple of day trips over from wales in the early 80ss partly funded by selling condoms in pubs . 
  many countries introduced pensions long before effective contraception was available so 60 year old women would have been worn out from multiple pregnancies . 
  pension ages are being equalised in most countries but it 's something you have to phase in over many years because people take decades to save for their pensions and politicians avoid annoying a generation who are sure to vote . 
  welsh tap water is the nectar of the gods , no idea why anyone would drink bottled water here . 
  sadly it is so good that english cities have flooded welsh communities to make reservoirs for their water supply . 
  in wales north to south is n't easy . 
  millions in the uk live on less . 
  technically schools have to provide a daily act of worship but nobody enforces that and lots of school staff do n't really know how to do the thing . 
  back in the 70s i went to a comp with a communist ethos where we used to sing the internationale and hear about the workers of the world so the requirement has n't been enforced for quite a few years . 
  time to update the law . 
  ah , completely different from when i visited in the 1990s then . 
  i must go back as it 's an awesome city regardless of air quality . 
  i visited nova huta at the time and the air quality was n't the best . 
  those sunsets were absolutely stunning but i dread to think of the effect on children 's lungs . 
  are there still inadequate filters on nova huta steelworks ? 
  from a tourist 's perspective , that leads to glorious red sunsets but probably does n't do much for long term residents and their lungs . 
  i grew up downwind of a steelworks that deposited red dust on our washing line and no doubt my lungs . 
  not so much of a problem in the uk any more , at least poland still has some manufacturing going on . 
  or we could just build the infrastructure for cyclists . 
  especially that [ prawo jazdy ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/4732923/prawo-jazdy-identity-of-irelands-most-notorious-driver-uncovered.html ) . 
  if you two are pairing up , that leaves us with rockall . 
  paying # 30 each way to take my bike apart is not going to get my custom . 
  not so great for touring bikes ... 
  some costs such as rent and heating bills have gone up while other costs like food and technology have gone down . 
  pensioners can be at home all day in a cold winter so the cost of living could be going up from their point of view . 
  the front wheel is easy enough but the back wheel means messing with a chain . 
  i 'm picturing arriving at a crowded train station and having to faff around with the back wheel while the panniers are in a heap on the floor . 
  then trying to find somewhere to lock up the bike and lug the panniers into a wash room to try and get the oil off my hands . 
  and a chance of doing it wrong and spending ages adjusting the chain and gears . 
  the driver might carry tools but wo n't be asked to take the wheels off the car to get on eurostar !, 
  this is great news !, 
  i have a weekend in dublin coming up soon and the anticipation has just notched up a fair bit . 
  it 's a brand of chocolate !, 
  wait , you still have good dairy milk ? 
  if you do n't want to be a dad then keep it in your trousers . 
  barry island ? 
  [ boris vs germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwiup19bboa ), 
  ireland !, 
  a fairly long train and ferry ride is all that stops me from popping over most weekends . 
  and the exchange rate now . 
  it makes me feel sad ( and worried ) that border posts might end up being reinstated between northern ireland and the republic . 
  why would anyone need both the sun and toilet paper ? 
  european style bendy buses were an affront to london streets apparently . 
  what we need here is a bendy bus , what a shame that boris johnson banned them . 
  i 'm far from young and loved joining the eu and becoming a citizen of europe . 
  i 'm feeling really sad now and will be embarrassed when travelling . 
  at least i got my croatian kuna on thursday . 
  sheep and a job !, 
  you 're boasting now . 
  50 % , if only it was recent enough to get me a passport . 
  nice to meet you new trading partner . 
  we have a few sheep , a couple of bits of coal left in the hills and some ageing boy bands to trade . 
  meanwhile wales is fucking itself . 
  please can we have gareth bale as king instead . 
  he 's not popular in wales . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-35980195 ), 
  and they are not even competent enough to take secret documents to the buffet car or toilet on the train . 
  in many parts of the country things got much worse in the thatcher years . 
  1957 was the year of harold macmillan 's [ never had it so good ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/july/20/newsid_3728000/3728225.stm ), 
  how did i run up such a huge water bill ? 
  i 'd raise it to prince phillip and one of the uglier castles . 
  i was just trying to sneak us in there , england wo n't really notice . 
  but people from sunny warm countries want to freely walk the cold and rainy scottish hills . 
  would you accept scotland , northern ireland , wales and gibraltar instead of cash ? 
  the [ snooper 's charter ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/29/snoopers-charter-bill-becomes-law-extending-uk-state-surveillance ) and also those [ disgusted facial expressions . ], 
  ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/11/boris-johnson-michael-gove-andrea-leadsom-theresa-may-manic-monday ), 
  the daily star takes a more creative approach to the news . 
  it 's generally something along the lines of black eyed ghost children and killer spiders . 
  thanks you for paying for my msc and for trying to make my city a better place to live . 
  i 'm still hoping we can somehow back out of this foolishness but if not i 'll miss being a citizen of europe . 
  it will be nice and cheap because of the exchange rate . 
  well there were politicians and lawyers giving speeches at the march who can still make a difference and that was n't reported . 
  ah , thanks . 
  if only the bbc has published estimated numbers !, 
  that 's the first thing you think of when you see this awesome photo ? 
  snatching jobs like nhs doctors and nurses .
