  politicians giving speeches still get widely reported even when it 's the same old stuff . 
  accompanied by one of her sour face photos . 
  the police estimate of 100,000 marchers , aerial photos , commentary on speeches , personal interest stories of families affected by brexit . 
  anyone with the skills to do the job will realise how tough it will be and how incompetent the politicians in charge are . 
  we could do with that initiative to address inequality and poverty here in wales :(, 
  that could be the answer !, 
  it 's longer ago for wales but still was a thing !, 
  stephen baxter 's northlands trilogy books tell the story of a world where doggerland continued to exist . 
  i hope we find a way not to leave but if we do then you should check out how well that goes . 
  i 'm predicting we will have a bad time . 
  also oestrogen protects against heart disease . 
  the uk is going to get a shit deal in those negotiations so at least we could at least have some laughs . 
  the techniques referred to in the artivle are not currently illegal but are morally dubious . 
  oestrogen protects again heart disease for women before the menopause . 
  x linked conditions such as haemophilia are mainly seen in men and change average life expectancy . 
  maybe give all the civil servants and loyalist politicians the options of moving to london as brexit negotiators and administrators ? 
  since the corrupt and illegal practices act of 1883 in the uk there have been legal limits on campaign funding . 
  hadrians wall was not the cushiest posting , hope they managed to stay warm and dry . 
  yes it is !, 
  pretty unlikely anyone on reddit would spot that !, 
  i think it 's for all the vowels , for example in si\u00e2n . 
  there 's also a rare one \u00ef i 've only seen in the word pensaern\u00efaeth ( architecture ) . 
  no idea what it does to the sound . 
  people who support remain in the uk are a similar group to those who campaigned against the iraq war tony blair supported . 
  we used metric measurements in school before we joined the eu , i 'm old enough to remember this !, 
  school science would be a nightmare if we had to work out pounds per square inch instead of pascals . 
  used to get my work finished quickly in french classes so i could read the books . 
  some of wales voted remain . 
  you can have the valleys though . 
  if you would n't mind giving us a bit of respite from theresa may and boris johnston that would be very helpful . 
  in fact please keep them . 
  people devote more time to choosing a new sofa , why the indecent haste ? 
  none of those things will happen , it 's going to be shit . 
  phillip is noted for his rude comments , i hope he lays into trump in full tactless style leaving the uk no choice but to beg to stay in the eu . 
  his privilege extends to someone to put the toothpaste of the brush for him but to trump he 's a dangerous radical . 
  trump believes in climate change when it [ threatens his irish golf course ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/donald-trump-climate-change-golf-course-223436 ) . 
  nope , i 'm pretty pissed off with the leave voters . 
  especially here in wales . 
  and i 'm hoping that there is somehow a way out of this mess . 
  theresa may has a small majority and perhaps the government will fall really soon before she does something irreversibly stupid . 
  a dragon would improve every flag . 
  i enjoyed swimming in the sea on christmas day in gran canaria a couple of years ago . 
  this year i 'm just grateful that it 's not raining every day in wales like last year . 
  kent could be translated into english as it 's the old brythonic word for border and still means edge or rim in modern welsh . 
  i had a german guy ask why swansea is so full of ugly new buildings . 
  it 's older than english and has always had a core of speakers . 
  when people tried to wipe it out they failed . 
  great city !, 
  i visited zagreb earlier this year and managed to randomly run into a disused cablecar station with a mushroom themed cafe and another day found myself unexpectedly walking along tunnels under the city . 
  i 've only visited a few times but dublin seems to me to have a fair bit going on culturally for its size . 
  i might have a different perspectives staying as a tourist though . 
  i 'm over for a weekend soon so i hope i wo n't be bored . 
  i can see the effect of austerity . 
  i had some great conversations over coffee , especially considering i was a tourist who did n't speak the language . 
  visited croatia last year , can confirm awesome coffee !, 
  i did have a panic the first morning when i had to look through the self catering kitchen for something to make coffee with and finally realised it was the funny little saucepan . 
  i love all the sculptures around la d\u00e9fense . 
  [ miro sculpture ] ( http://www.virtourist.com/europe/paris/14.htm ) , [ le pouce ] ( http://www.homeinladefense.com/en/le-pouce-by-cesar-2/ ), 
  brilliant !, 
  nice idea , if young people start donating they may become a donor for years . 
  there 's plenty of space outside the south east of england . 
  brexit and years of tory government could make an independent scotland and a united ireland more likely . 
  there 's currently less appetite for independence in wales but if scotland leave this could change . 
  again i 'd ask why all the austerity policies if we have such a large economy and can afford to send soldiers off around the world . 
  i suspect definitions and efforts to count vary . 
  [ finland seems to have sorted out homelessness . ], 
  ( http://www.insidehousing.co.uk/how-finland-fixed-homelessness/7017628.article ) . 
  spain : 0.09 % . 
  romania : 0.07 % . 
  the figure for england is from 2014 , the wales one is 2011 and the one for the uk 2016 . 
  you may have noticed the shocking increase in homelessness over those years . 
  [ not really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_homeless_population ), 
  assuming you 're english do n't forget to play nicely with the other uk nations . 
  you never know , it could be plaid cymru holding the balance of power next . 
  if we 're such a prosperous nation then why are people eating from foodbanks and living on the streets ? 
  face up to it , we 're a small country !, 
  he also said we should stick together because we are a tiny planet seen from space . 
  [ here 's an example from liverpool a couple of days ago . ], 
  ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/liverpool-protestant-march-city-centre-fight-clashes-theresa-may-deal-dup-ireland-a7784591.html ) . 
  possibly they were marching in response to the deal between theresa may and the dup . 
  i made sure to take my daughter to the stage show . 
  she needs more bucket . 
  [ h'angus the monkey in hartlepool ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/1965569.stm ), 
  maybe i 'll be in the position of thanking the dup for stopping the `` no deal '' from happening . 
  interesting times ... 
  we 've had minority governments and coalitions before but this time around there is another level of disagreement over brexit to mess things up . 
  brexit negotiations have to go ahead as the clock is already ticking . 
  without brexit a minority government might have worked but the lib dems and the snp are so against it that they might well vote against measures they agree with to try and stop/soften it . 
  what 's likely to happen if the uk government is too disrupted to negotiate brexit - say an unstable minority government struggling for a while then an election in the autumn leading to another hung parliament and more instability . 
  will we just get booted out in 2 years on wto terms ? 
  not op but many parties wo n't work with the tories . 
  the lib dems are strongly anti brexit and their reputation suffered badly after the 2010-2015 coalition with the tories . 
  the snp could possibly be enticed by a pre brexit independence referendum but the tories are strongly pro union . 
  and the snp are opposed to most of the tory policies . 
  plaid cymru and labour would never align with the tories , leaving only the dup . 
  even the dup do n't agree with austerity cuts or a hard border with the republic of ireland . 
  basically nobody apart from the dup is anywhere near the tories on the many divisive issues including a hard brexit . 
  and the dup will want concessions . 
  i personally do n't think they will bring their homophobic or anti abortion views to westminster but they will want cash for infrastructure in northern ireland . 
  i appreciated this [ little reported corbyn speech ] ( http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/greater-manchester-news/video-jeremy-corbyn-eu-referendum-11505615 ) .
