  which is a vastly more powerful bike . 
  ended up with a bonneville though , haha . 
  i 'm sure somebody collects faulty shoes . 
  belgians would disagree , as would the portuguese . 
  most would disagree , come to think of it . 
  i 'm not even touching the clusterfuck you named `` britain '' . 
  when you start correcting their grammar . 
  to add to the conundrum : if they all died , why are there still glasses ? 
  answer : only a portion of the population participated in battles . 
  i think op might want to pick up a history book or two ... 
  cheers , mate !, 
  breathing exercises for a start . 
  when i feel one coming , i used to start hyper ventilating , but now i just hold my breath for a little while , then start breathing `` in squares '' , that is : breathe in deep for 4 seconds , out for four seconds , repeat until i realize that its not dangerous , and that i 'm not going to pass out or die . 
  mine too . 
  good luck !, 
  thanks , indeed !, 
  one word : aeroplanes . 
  distorted distortion . 
  common trick . 
  it 's the best towel , believe me . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  most newer cars have led lights . 
  is reddit censoring askreddit by placing all trump related questions in this thread ? 
  discuss . 
  edit : not much discussion going on here , folks . 
  my position is not on trial , reddit is . 
  you seem very tolerant . 
  i can agree with you there . 
  wow, 
  dj lord of the manor, 
  anybody calling man u a small team is taking the piss , obviously . 
  went straight to his spam filter . 
  he * did * win the german cup with bremen . 
  still counts . 
  wait , did n't arsenal win thecommunity shield in 2015 ? 
  some people have no sense of history . 
  i hear his cheek muscles bench a 100 . 
  dream big \u2122, 
  awesome comment !, 
  keep it up !, 
  you rule bro !, 
  rise to vote , sir, 
  that would be justin bieber, 
  adrian smith . 
  wonder if he ever gets pm ` ed ? 
  sounds familiar, 
  japan is bigger than i expected . 
  why are you taking turns with the clutch engaged ? 
  on the other hand , i was surprised germany is so small . 
  but come to think of it , i did drive hamburg to munich in 12 hours . 
  gender : a term not many on tumblr know what means . 
  [ grossly simplified with incomplete data , here 's something to add to this fun discussion ] ( http://untribune.com/as-obama-heads-to-general-assembly-us-debt-to-un-balloons-to-3-billion/ ), 
  bikers signal about cops ahead my tapping their helmet palm down, 
  i would say my most * unique * thought was `` stop smoking , you are turning into an idiot '' . 
  have you seen the elephant man ? 
  the papal seat has historically not exactly been a source of rational decisions . 
  i 'm pretty sure these two are actually complimentary . 
  ashtrays, 
  the shawshank redemption, 
  good job !, 
  good point !, 
  shoulda waited for the unicorn to get there, 
  it 's plumber time , buddy !, 
  ah , the ol' gandalf boner, 
  running . 
  no , not * away * . 
  i 'm entp , my middle brother is intj and my younger is entp too, 
  i think rodney dangerfield started in his 40 's . 
  i guess you could call what he achieved success ? 
  that 's like , your opinion man !, 
  that was an attempt at humor from my part . 
  i 'm not a stand up . 
  i go by this : my kids , my rules . 
  my mother fucking * still * gives them sweets behind our backs . 
  its almost as if , youre not gon na like this , you * ca n't * categorize all of humanity into one of 16 subtypes !!, 
  shocker !, 
  you do realize that the mtbi test is an antiquated psychological test , and that its not much more than a glorified horoscope , right ? 
  snoop dogg . 
  hey , thats what your 3rd finger on each hand is for !, 
  well , i am the `` debater '' . 
  hey , it 's the internet . 
  and on a sub dedicated to the entp ( popularly called `` debaters '' ) , i find little debate in your reply . 
  i prefer lake fishing when the ice goes by the way . 
  less frozen toes . 
  the same way i subscribe to r/atheism . 
  it do n't mean i agree with every post on there , even though i 'm godless . 
  sure thing !, 
  i hate being pigeonholed into `` you 're this , and you ca n't be anything else , ever , because of of four letters in a string . 
  cheers !, 
  an acquaintances wife actually has `` princess '' tattooed across her knuckles . 
  and , yes , she acts like it . 
  yup, 
  i 'm portsmouth , and in my first season in the premier league , i bought joel piroe , who bagged 15 goals before xmas ( for a relegation tipped side ) , and the board was `` slightly disappointed '' with my signing of him . 
  great . 
  yeah , i feel my board is effectively trying to get me to sign for another club by not giving me any money or leeway , despite winning league 2 , league 1 , ending 5th in the championship ( and getting promoted though play offs ) in my first 3 seasons . 
  now im `` struggling '' at 12th in the pl , and i 'm in the league cup final and they still wo n't give me funds to sign hald decent pl standard players . 
  wage budget still at l1 standard . 
  my highest earners get about 20k . 
  well , its a challenge . 
  well , i 've been interviewed by 3-4 other clubs , so i imagine ill leave soon !,
