  `` in the councils of government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military-industrial complex . 
  the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist . 
  we must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes . 
  we should take nothing for granted . 
  only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals , so that security and liberty may prosper together '' . 
  me too, 
  rhymes with `` hester '' dunnit ? 
  i miss being shite . 
  i also miss skippy and richard dunne . 
  what breed ? 
  suddenly i want a dog . 
  reminds me of that time i overslept for roger gracies seminar at our place . 
  a real purebreed that parker . 
  that 's too easy to say , because if stoke * were * playing in the cl with a team like this , you ca n't really say what would n't happen . 
  neither of those teams you mentioned are invincible , and stoke are hard to play . 
  barca lost 4-1 to celta vigo in september . 
  no team is magical . 
  what 's next ? 
  phil neville being appointed manager of valencia ? 
  yet ... 
  when i was in 7th grade ( in 1990 ) , i had the great fortune of having a girl make me this mixtape , it was only about 30 minutes long , but contained pretty much every band i listened to for the next three or so years . 
  i would say that without this very tape , i would 've been stuck in hair metal 100 % sure . 
  the songs are , as far as i can remember :, 
  - the cure : boys do n't cry . 
  - joy division : dead souls, 
  - the clash : rock the casbah, 
  - fugazi : repeater, 
  - misfits : ghouls night out, 
  - sonic youth : catholic bloc, 
  - my bloody valentine : feed me with your kiss, 
  she makes me both sick and horny at the same time . 
  good job !, 
  yeah , she did . 
  she was , and still is , a massive `` punk '' in that she would wear a 2 foot mohawk in a posh school and beat up guys for picking on us , the smaller kids trying to be in a punk band . 
  i see what you 're trying to do too , and you 're a little bitch for doing it . 
  her name is rita and she 's proper folk . 
  hard to predict who will be promoted . 
  the championship is like the twilight zone . 
  ghosts and ghouls . 
  maybe middlesbrough and derby will learn from last seasons double choke and both make the jump with hull . 
  maybe burnley ? 
  it 'd be nice to see leeds up again eventually . 
  maybe in 2035 . 
  what drum kit is that ? 
  well , you just bought adam sandler a new pair of crocs . 
  bundesliga 2 almost as high as ligue 1 . 
  surprising . 
  the rising trend of european neo fascism . 
  according to my wife , its not * what * i say , but * how * i say it . 
  why stop there ? 
  he should make himself a proper challenge and try to win the pl with a team from abroad . 
  or even from another sport ? 
  with a cricket team !, 
  yes !, 
  great idea op !, 
  about 18 months in . 
  lost 25-30 lbs . 
  i try to learn as much as possible . 
  but i make too many jokes all the time . 
  every time i think im terrible ( i really am a bjj moron ) , i roll with a completely new guy and realize how far ive come already . 
  my only goal in bjj is to not quit . 
  have fun , guy !, 
  i did just see a nazi drive past me at 88 mph . 
  probably going back to the f\u00fchrer, 
  also : they 're seriously going extinct , so theres also that, 
  a hint to bayern money bosses : lewa wants to renegotiate . 
  are you all american ? 
  honest question . 
  i 'm from euroland and over here it 's more established to be atheist among the more educated folk . 
  in that , sociologically speaking , education usually erases religion pretty quickly and education historically belonged to the middle to upper class who again are more conservative . 
  just a thought . 
  this is true, 
  alternately , you can watch willow instead of the prequels, 
  jimmy carrs laugh , his real laugh * ha-haaa * is amazing , absolutely amazing . 
  ` tis only rivalled by nick offerman , who is by law the king of laughs . 
  i ride a motorbike . 
  ai n't nothing or nobody bothering me when i 'm out on that sweet sv . 
  i hear you . 
  i train too . 
  it 's the ultimate `` on '' activity . 
  you can roll for an hour , and not think about * anything * besides the roll . 
  love it . 
  have you checked out r/bjj ? 
  honestly : what the fuck is wrong with d. costa ? 
  that trip on iker is * bullshit * , he gains nothing from it , apart from the yellow . 
  this is much like the til dave grohl was in * nirvana * before foo fighters , mind blooooooown . 
  i 'm just here for the juicy puns and the nitpicking . 
  a left back that is a ) young 2 ) good c ) does n't have stupid hair, 
  seen dadholes too ? 
  roy keane, 
  [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_st29mlqwu ), 
  no , that 's not it . 
  laughed so hard it felt like a spear in my side . 
  agree on the age thing , btw my list is for 2015 , not the 18 months . 
  of course i got the flu / colds etc. 
  when training tkd , i just feel the frequency has gone up since starting bjj . 
  i used to never get sick , but now theres always * something * . . 
  edit : english is not my first language , so the correlation/causation thing might be a lost in translation issue . 
  i do have a ba in sociology ( wow , right ? 
  ) , and i know the difference .
