  i 'll take your word for it . 
  internet beef tastes best with a little sauce , lads . 
  you 're a wordsmith , mate . 
  a regular poet . 
  at stoke, 
  three men offside no less, 
  insistent friendliness . 
  childfucker . 
  the wind of chang, 
  # 1000 a week is still pretty decent for a twenty year old . 
  he can well afford a second hand evo8, 
  the u18 's are chuffed . 
  easy now , or they 'll get rondon . 
  cheers, 
  how so ? 
  there would be an anonymity clause , no exceptions . 
  westworld, 
  i have to say , tarkin was pretty impressive . 
  with leia it was easier to see . 
  agreed, 
  too much life in their eyes . 
  sucks if you 're in bordeaux and want to go to verona . 
  just a slight detour via leipzig . 
  that chick most certainly has a dick . 
  can i get a new jacket instead ? 
  i wonder how he even manages to brush his teeth . 
  let me just comment real quick so i can be dovnvoted because of my flair . 
  i doubt we 'll see him at city . 
  depends if you like boys , really . 
  in my experience most workplaces have that * one guy * who slacks off , blames others , throws fits etc etc. 
  usually the boss ' step brother or the like . 
  in all of this i 'm most surprised he 's only 29 years old . 
  i thought he was 32-33 . 
  sociology, 
  indeed !, 
  fyi , here 's a zlatan 101 : 50 % of the time he 's talking shit so the journos can make asses of themselves , the other 50 % ? 
  just being plain funny . 
  everybody knows a4 is tax returns , a5 is tactics . 
  no he was n't , or he could n't have served eight years as president . 
  it 's in the effin us constitution . 
  their humanity . 
  by this i mean we are so connected through social media , but somehow lonelier . 
  we have higher levels of education , but less real insight . 
  we 're expected to be successful , to make the right choices all the time . 
  every ideal we are presented , every image we see is of perfection , of success . 
  but the reality is , were all human with frailty . 
  we make mistakes . 
  we make irrational choices . 
  we make immoral choices , were egotistical and our own self perservation is our main focus . 
  if we were somehow more accepting of our human frailty , we could work with that , instead of trying to attain this utopian almost delirious quest for * perfection * . 
  we should be focusing more on being * good enough * . 
  because that is more than most people will ever be . 
  so many people get lost on their way to perfection , and end up quite the opposite . 
  you 're good enough . 
  that 's my point , i guess . 
  and i think we 're not taking it seriously enough . 
  michael scott was never in the u.k. office , so why do you boo ? 
  it 's a given answer . 
  good read !, 
  is leo very tall , or is jonah really short ? 
  that 's my question . 
  meaning what ? 
  do n't remind me , please . 
  it was a fantastic strike . 
  both of them . 
  and let 's not forget girouds scorpion the other week . 
  not a line , but the hand gesture from eastern promises where viggo mortensens character places two fingers against his adam 's apple and makes a stabbing motion . 
  best death threat ever . 
  well , life * is * a box of chocolates , you never know if you 're gon na get hiv . 
  i know where you hide * that * magazine . 
  fun is such a loosely defined phenomenon . 
  this ad for example , is perhaps the most mindless , least considerate and crass exploitation of the crippling disease that is alcoholism . 
  a preventable disease that is the fourth highest cause of death per year in the usa for example , with an approximate number of 88000 people per year , not counting alcohol related traffic incidents . 
  but , hey , * fun * is such a subjective term . 
  two planes . 
  two buildings . 
  but , still . 
  pep has work to do , but a * fraud * ? 
  come on . 
  the everton match was a disgrace , i 'll give him that . 
  impressed you got 16mil for mikel, 
  for instance , you will have a hard time registering to vote . 
  we 've been on tour together so much that i stay away from most of them as much as i can . 
  angel of death , of course . 
  an \u00d8degaard always pays his debts, 
  surely he was part of the euro 1988 team as well ? 
  illiterate does n't mean dumb . 
  saying shit like you just said makes you more of a contender . 
  helen keller was blind and deaf , but still managed to become an author . 
  you can * learn * , see ? 
  the problem is not the * people * , it 's the system kiddo . 
  how well do you read ? 
  you had to go to summer school , yeah ? 
  the one time raheem shouldve dived , he went for the shot . 
  sergio was great today , what are you on about ? 
  time, 
  well , according to this i 'm : an overly caring bitch , who always thinks back , ca n't shut up and does not make sense to others . 
  had the same experience when i made some calls last year . 
  i was researching on which bike to get , and bikes with an r in the name were significantly more expensive . 
  for example the ktm 690 duke r was more expensive to insure than a husky nuda 900 .
