  my cymbals ( i only have two ) are at about the same level . 
  which means my ride is about as high as the crash , and both of them hover about 3 '' above the rack . 
  i have the feeling you people do n't like us . 
  this is good george costanza material . 
  you, 
  let, 
  no talking in the mens room . 
  in fact , no looking either . 
  `` tell us the story behind your user name '' . 
  how about no !, 
  theres is no story !, 
  the big bang theory . 
  to spit . 
  i always hit myself . 
  i tend to use the analogy of `` war '' . 
  you ca n't turn off a war . 
  it 's there . 
  it 's beyond your control . 
  you do n't sleep well . 
  there 's inconvenient things happening . 
  it 's hazardous to your health . 
  and eventually it passes . 
  but your now a veteran of a war . 
  and to all of you that have survived an actual war , i have no idea what that is like . 
  but i have two kids and i have n't slept properly in four years , and i 've aged visibly to where i can spot a picture taken before i had kids immediately . 
  no , satan possessed my mac and cheese one night and i was like * whoa , this is totally my user name now on reddit because my dinner is all posessed and shit * . 
  satan . 
  i 'd like the death star , thanks very much . 
  why are these middle age superstitions taking hold everywhere ? 
  is it me , or are humans getting dumber by the minute ? 
  how * you * doin ' , i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and a dude . 
  fitting into those plane seats . 
  those goddamn things are torture . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' . 
  riding my bmx all summer . 
  personally , i found sam harris ' * the end of faith * to be a good read . 
  he also makes very rational arguments and breaks releigion down methodically . 
  it might tickle your fancy . 
  yesterday , while shitfaced , this idiot sold me a cold shawarma . 
  it was take away , and i did n't realsie until i got home . 
  major disappointment , and a dick move to sell a drunk bastard something you had lying in the fridge . 
  there were two young men and a donkey . 
  `` you 'll fist this donkey shoulder deep to retrieve the internet gold ? 
  '' , one asked the other . 
  and there was much honor to be lost , for the glove had been thrown . 
  the donkey twitched with anticipation , for he was a bi-curious jack , alas his appearance betrayed him and he could swoon no jennet and was still untouched . 
  `` aye '' , replied the barely stubbled younger of the two , `` my self worth is such that i would gladly wear a shit stained frock for the remainder of the day , just to prove my dubious manhood '' . 
  something magical happened . 
  the end . 
  i see my reflection in the mirror at 6 in the morning every day . 
  pretty haggard stuff indeed . 
  jarvis cocker storming the stage when michael jackson performed at the brits was pretty funny . 
  satan knows how to blow smoke rings . 
  you sure you guys should n't just , you know ... * work it out * ? 
  seems like you might , you know ... * like each other * . 
  football manager, 
  do i age , by that meaning : do i have to spend 900 + years as a frail old geezer ? 
  or can i stay like i am ? 
  makes a big difference . 
  better goals than charlie adam from the middle of the pitch, 
  pogba to replace yaya would be amazing imo . 
  also , getting milner a new 2 year contract would be the icing on the cake , pun intended . 
  i 've been there , and none of this happened . 
  too bad he ca n't drive to the store to get some beer to celebrate . 
  he 's presumably still a child . 
  well , all righty then . 
  by the way :, 
  found the tough guy . 
  internal organs . 
  that shits expensive and in demand . 
  force of habit . 
  xavi is one of those footballers you just ca n't speak ill of . 
  he 's just ... really fucking good , a model professional and a genuine sportsman . 
  i ca n't believe bill murray voiced that ... piece of ... crap, 
  as we all know , they ca n't find a thing in their purses . 
  yet they all carry them , and from time to time * we * have to carry them . 
  in public . 
  i 've looked inside one , and quickly shut it close again . 
  the horror . 
  is that you nige ? 
  i 'd watch it . 
  i 'm your size . 
  while i 'm no bjj wizard , i quickly figured out that i should work on defence and escapes . 
  i took inspiration from roger gracies words `` i worked on my defence , and made it impossible for people to tap me out '' . 
  that was my inspiration . 
  as you progress , your top game will improve . 
  but if you have a strong defence * and * you 're a bigger dude , you 'll have a lot more strings to play when the time comes . 
  smaller , quicker dudes used to wreck me , take my back etc. 
  but in later months they seem to have a bit more trouble getting those posistions . 
  and when they 're tired from all that work getting past my guard ? 
  boom , a failed armbar from yours truly . 
  * next time , sigh *, 
  g'day mate !, 
  * i 'm juuuust going to poke him with my spear a little to make sure * . 
  yep , we 're good . 
  chess . 
  * the special one * , bro you do n't get to make up your own nickname . 
  mourinho is a very , * very * excellent manager , but the guy is a wee bit pretentious . 
  that 's like downvoting the un peacekeeping mission . 
  i just realised this record is 25 years old .
