  i just dont want the dingy bridge and tuners . 
  they suck imo . 
  true , i mean when i was a kid , evreybody and their uncle supported liverpool . 
  they were the best club in the late 80s , then it was man u - but now ? 
  all the kids i see are wearing chelsea and city shirts , so * in our lifetime * for sure . 
  it 's a generational thing . 
  scholes should just make a comeback . 
  he 's done it before in a better united team . 
  he can do it again . 
  i guess this needs an / s, 
  there is so much i do n't understand on r/soccer, 
  conte , koeman and pep were world class players in their time , they were well famous . 
  and , by the way : klopp should bing back that ` tache . 
  amazing . 
  this one could potentially be controversial . 
  a nasal , pastel guy with puffy hair who wo n't give up on his girl . 
  he also dances quite interestingly . 
  never gon na let you down, 
  quite the challenge there , mate, 
  i 'd take eric dier . 
  great defensive versatility , england international , scores goals , young , great hair . 
  you have to have great hair . 
  joey argues with team mates . 
  in other news , the pope is still catholic . 
  what is this ? 
  lem me share this lil ' story : once i figured out i wanted to start bjj , i went to the gym closest to me . 
  the class was run by a rude purple belt , who did not even acknowledge my presence . 
  i was then completely destroyed by a blue belt , neck cranks - you name it . 
  i left there dejected , after a couple more rolls with a couple white belts that went 100 % on me . 
  i was a 38 year old out of shape man at this point . 
  i thought `` fuck this bullshit '' , and decided it wasnt for me . 
  by chance i stumbled upon another gym , 30 minutes from my house , and as it was a couple months later i though `` fuck it '' , and went . 
  i was met by the nicest guy , a bone fide brazilian brown belt , the other people there were courteous , took their time with me and i left feeling great , rejuvinated and most off all * motivated * to get in shape and commit to this thing . 
  fast forward two years later and i 'm still there , with my prof ( now bb ) and enjoying this long journey . 
  guess which approach gets the most people to stick with it ? 
  hulk smashing total douchebags is one thing , but most people are n't . 
  i 'd wager most people are already way out of their comfort zone by even showing up , so destroying them hardly seems to serve any purpose , if only to weed out `` dads '' , like me . 
  totally forgot about sparky . 
  he was . 
  i miss joe . 
  yes . 
  i should probably be dqed . 
  this is bloody serious business !, 
  no biting , benjamin !, 
  we do n't do that !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  someone draw me a picture . 
  the right answer is : every time . 
  hey , saw you this summer . 
  just wan na say you guys reinvigorated my love of punk rock like it 's supposed to be , now for the question : was that the cursive drummer ? 
  who 's also in the afghan whigs and gutter twins etc. 
  etc ? 
  martial arts . 
  maynard james keenan . 
  the cheaper one . 
  what 's the deal with goatees and cargo shorts ? 
  fulham has * never * been owned by arabs , as you can remember . 
  who in professional football is n't in it for money ? 
  hint : it 's in the word * professional * . 
  this is basically guaranteeing yaya a place in the team , dimitri . 
  good job . 
  it 's always the kitman, 
  just a wee bit, 
  great hair stylist , probably . 
  gueye looks like a bargain . 
  quality . 
  it 's his word against pep . 
  works sundays at a tesco express as well . 
  neither did i !, 
  no , according to reddit , it is . 
  oxlade-chamberlain nodding in agreement in the produce section . 
  what do you already have ? 
  i have two sleeves , one patchy made up from 7-8 different designs over 20 years , the other was first a half sleeve , then was extended to the wrist about ten years ago ( 2 segments , if you will ) . 
  i still like my patchy arm better , it has more story to it in lack of a better word . 
  imo people take too little time figuring out what they want and who they are . 
  if i could snap my fingers and remove tats i did n't want at age 40 ( i 'm that old ) , i would n't get * anything * below the elbows . 
  simply because i 'm tired of talking about tattoos with everybody and their uncle . 
  two cents . 
  moyes * is * a great manager , you agent cunt . 
  that 's rude . 
  well , charlie adam is what ray wilkins was 30 years ago and i do n't hear anybody talking about that . 
  no problem , man . 
  90 % of my tats are color , i just think that an area that big looks dull in shades of gray . 
  my half sleeve was connected with clouds and smoke , like japan 's traditional tatts , but the top half was done by a shit apprentice , and ( luckily ) the bottom part that shows was done by a genius , so it turned out ok . 
  they 're both loosely the same `` theme '' ( the apocalypse , whooooooooo ) . 
  the patchy one is just a mash up of different artists , really old nineties stuff and some drunken tour tats as well as some really on point world class stuff that just brings it all together nicely . 
  it 's all a part of me now , they all remind me of different phases in my life . 
  some of them were done abroad as well as a reminder of good times and good friends . 
  colors fade , but to me line work is the most important to make sure is on point . 
  get think long lasting lines that look good in ten years , get striking bigger designs that do n't get muddled up over time as well , there 's are reason all those celtic designs from 1997 look like shit now , 
  i one heard somebody say `` i 'd like to live * before * i die , not after '' . 
  living now is pretty much the only guarantee . 
  preaching to the proverbial choir here , but still . 
  i just find it so strange that the religious do n't see the problem with waiting to die , so you can live forever . 
  i commute every day with an armored leather jacket , lid , gloves , alpinestars sneakers and armor jeans . 
  if i go on longer trips i switch the bottom half with forma boots and proper armor leather pants . 
  i prefer the iron maiden song , but yeah . 
  when real life mimics art etc. 
  edit : there 's a surprising number of drumph supporters on reddit . 
  walken,
