  if you disagree with that statement , change your nappys and fucking watch a highlights video . 
  funny thing is , in ten years - when that guy is an engineer and has lost 50lbs . 
  that girl will `` stop dating jerks '' , and marry him . 
  is that honestly what you took from my statement ? 
  great read , great points . 
  taking notes . 
  to be fair vegan cops are few and far between, 
  hating on nickelback . 
  we get it . 
  they suck . 
  guess in which position they were going at it ... 
  like the boring ass foo fighters that you * can not ever diss because he was in nirvana * , but is more boring than your uncle geoffs 75th birthday bash . 
  no , i meant doggy style . 
  doggy . 
  because it was with a dog , get it ? 
  nice , which brand ? 
  i 'm going to get one for my t100, 
  at least he did n't do a pepe , last ditch tackle in knee height then roll around like a stomped toad because something brushed lightly across his face . 
  cunt . 
  selling weed, 
  he used to play a standard 5 piece in helmet . 
  no , no i was making a joke about sexual positions !, 
  what grosses you out the most ? 
  set phasers to pew, 
  age , as in he aged . 
  he 's getting plenty of mare , that one . 
  that is a bone chilling quote . 
  smoke even more weed !, 
  miguel ( are we naming mexicans ? ), 
  yes i do !, 
  totti is 40 though . 
  but , totti is 40 . 
  hes not young anymore . 
  they need to replace him soon . 
  edit : its hard to stop being oblivious , guys !, 
  satan, 
  paging balotelli, 
  ah , the questions on askreddit . 
  eye contact . 
  the god delusion by dawkins really shocked my world view way back when i read it . 
  it made a huge impact . 
  usually the last thing you hear right before a transfer . 
  hit the switch , then turn off ignition . 
  dzyuba just muscles down the defense . 
  he 's a beast . 
  ok , pastor , do one with the kiwi fruit . 
  gone in 60 seconds, 
  communism isnt really my cup of tea , sir . 
  in fact , totalitarian regimes in general fuck me right off . 
  edit : what the fuck guys ? 
  are you just know-it-alls or have you not read history at all ? 
  theres a major difference between socialism ( in my scandinavian sense of the word : social democracy ( shock !, 
  horror ! ) ), 
  and the historical * communism * of stalin and mao , which was what i was referring to . 
  also : jeez , absolutely appalled by this hive mind mentality . 
  you can all down vote me into oblivion , but honestly : read up on totalitarian regimes . 
  wow , i cant even find a place on the site to order a shovel so i can hit him upside the head with it . 
  i know what communism is according to marxist theory ( which is fine as a philosophical `` template '' so to speak , an utopia - a near paradise ) . 
  you dont have to downvote me simply bacaue im pointin out historical facts of how humans have skewed this theory into being totalitarian in practise . 
  why ? 
  luckily i dont have to relate to the us electoral system . 
  yes they are, 
  this is amusing !, 
  oh my god !, 
  in the gulag , yes ? 
  whatever , good luck . 
  lifes too short . 
  yes , that is their world famous catchphrase . 
  missing out on all the best music , then . 
  very true indeed . 
  i see a sulking c ronaldo in my magic ball, 
  bacon, 
  running women . 
  not * running away * , jerks . 
  looks like a nissan leaf to me, 
  my illusions, 
  eat more , get chunky like me . 
  you hope so ... 
  my 2011 t100 squeaks like that too . 
  there is in danish, 
  robot music . 
  not the good kratwerk kind , either . 
  i miss that brother shirt, 
  full smurf !, 
  nice !, 
  i wonder how many cases like this one goes unreported every school year . 
  the reddit musical quiz, 
  explain the band jet too , please . 
  they sleep on a big pile of money, 
  well , kyle walker was good . 
  why take off rooney and replace him with wilshere who 's been injured all season ? 
  why is kane taking corners ? 
  why is vardy not put on instead of sterling who had a shite second half ? 
  many questions . 
  shape up , kid . 
  this is embarrassing and too soon . 
  well , that 's where we disagree . 
  be human . 
  people lost their kids tonight . 
  when being told to not joke about a tragedy that literally happened hours ago is a * lecture * , i doubt you have met much trouble in your life .
