  then i decided this : my * only * goal in jiu jitsu is not to quit . 
  that broke it down fairly well for me . 
  so whenever i was leaving class , sweaty , gi rash on my face , being smashed by everyone i just repeated that line to myself `` dont quit '' . 
  now , nine months later , i 'm slowly starting to get this . 
  i weigh 240 and dropping by the minute . 
  i feel in better shape than i have been for ten years . 
  my understanding of jiu jitsu is progressing steadily . 
  i know it , everybody on this sub has been there . 
  if not out of shape , we 've all started at the same place . 
  knowing nothing . 
  so , please do n't quit . 
  i 'm only nine months in and feeling a big change . 
  do n't quit . 
  did i mention , do n't quit ? 
  please do n't be like anchorman 2, 
  that foo fighters is an awful band, 
  i think dave grohl is an amazing * drummer * . 
  our midfield has been suffering ever since de jong left us . 
  everybodys talking about * who will replace yaya * , when we should be worried about getting a proper `` enforcer '' . 
  buy morgan schneiderlin for gods sake !, 
  agreed . 
  there are definately some cuntish players in the squad , but being a top club - you have to deal with that . 
  the `` winner '' personality also means you do n't accept losing , and bust ups will happen . 
  i actually think it 's a good sign , as it show that players like kompany really want this club to succeed . 
  well , let me be the first to say fuuuuuuuck . 
  in my opinion they are not the same kind of player . 
  dinho is better going forward , but we currently do not have a `` cleaner upper '' like de jong or even gareth barry was at times . 
  imagine dick cheney in a red and white suit with `` halliburton '' across the chest . 
  glorious . 
  suffocating me . 
  aka : `` who is she , your * friend * ? 
  '' , `` i do n't want you to do that thing you love anymore , you just have to stay home with meeee '' ( try saying it in a gollum voice for effect . ) . 
  basically anybody who is too insecure , so they stifle the ones around them to feel `` safe '' . 
  fuck that , if you do n't trust me , why the hell are you with me at all ? 
  if you love somebody , set them free etc. 
  i checked out the ig chart , and i think i 'm an a3t in that brand . 
  a3 usually fits me pretty well . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  what is the difference in regards to the navy vs. the regular panda ? 
  i 'm a little nervous with the bamboo hybrid weave thingy . 
  is it thin ? 
  their site states that the fabric is lighter than the panda pearl weave ( i like them pearl weaves ) . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm in europe , and i do n't think they offer that return deal to overseas customers ? 
  haha , coincidentally some guys at my gym call me kung fu panda , and that was the original reason i checked out the gi !, 
  cool , thank you !, 
  i 'll definately look into flow . 
  really like the look of it . 
  well , as long i have you here , 
  i like a snug gi , and also prefer non-stretchy ones . 
  since it 's a pearl weave , does the pro retain its shape when wet ? 
  to compare , my favorite current gi is a manto x , if you 're familiar with that . 
  cool , it would be great if you could post your thoughts on the pro and compare it to the panda gi here in the comments !, 
  my birthday is about a month away , so no rush !, 
  great stuff , thanks !, 
  guns . 
  you guys have way too many guns . 
  all transitor amps suck . 
  in addition to downvoting , name a good one because i sure have n't played one yet . 
  right back at cha !, 
  only for certain men , for most men it 's boobies . 
  i think halle berry is very average looking . 
  it 's just * that * popular ... 
  the arrogance , the banter , his sense of humor and of course - his amazing skill and abilities to do the unexpected . 
  players like him make football so much more interesting . 
  wish we had him at city . 
  lets win something , lads !, 
  bring back sven goran eriksson !, 
  when i pay my bills , i sometimes pay a cent or two too much . 
  i do n't know if it has any effect , but i 'd like to think i 'm causing an audit somewhere . 
  d. costa : hey guys , i ca n't remember who sings this song , but it goes `` i believe i can fly , i belive i can touch the sky '' . 
  wes brown : `` r. kelly , mate '' . 
  that will do wonders for his confidence . 
  we forget yayas birthday again and end up 4th . 
  which is supposedly what you do when you make 200 thousand quid a week . 
  you make a fuss about cake . 
  because cake is important . 
  a cake shows respect . 
  you * need * cake , or else you forget that you 're good at footy . 
  cake , everyone . 
  of course , when you 're the 9th most well paid player in the world , you obviously want to move up to 8th . 
  hell , possibly even 7th !, 
  aim for the stars !, 
  as far as i know , demanding some cake is the best strategy for achieving that goal . 
  if * i * was really good at football , i would negotiate a great salary , plus cake on my birthday . 
  that would make all the difference . 
  because lamborghinis get old , you know . 
  but * cake * , now that 's the gift that keeps on giving . 
  so is yayas form . 
  i do n't care about yaya , and i especially do n't care about players that behave like 4 year olds when they ought to be professionals . 
  when you 're paid as much as these guys , you should do your job and be happy that you 're a priveleged special snowflake . 
  i was a city supporter when we were in league one , and i 'll still be true blue no matter what happens . 
  i wish we could have a team of 11 zabaletas , but alas , these new `` stars '' are right old cunts that do n't even understand the fact that they are role models and an inspiration to young players and fans everywhere . 
  behave like an adult , or gtfo . 
  that 's been the general concencus among my mates , and yaya , like tevez and the like , are not living up to the standard that is commanded by their wage , transfer fees etc. 
  if * i * behaved like yaya at my job , i would be reprimanded at best and possibly fired . 
  and it would take me 7,5 years to make what he earns in one week , that puts things into perspective . 
  fuck that guy , hope he fucks off to psg . 
  kinda reminds me of when you lot sold makelele to real madrid back in the day , dunnit ? 
  we 'll manage .
