  had a dude on a gixxer overtake me in the same lane not long ago too . 
  fun times . 
  fault or no fault , in general if you crash a car into a bike , the car i fine * but the biker is dead * . 
  consequences . 
  where the biker gets seriously injured or dies because you have to like pictures of cats where you 're operating a two ton death machine . 
  oh , sure !, 
  i 've met some pretty analytical mma fighters . 
  nice guys , too . 
  imo a large portion are dicks though . 
  the bestest nerds are also ninjas . 
  if he played like he did against iceland ? 
  the bench . 
  the generalization, 
  thanks everybody . 
  i 'm getting into this now . 
  being an atheist in europe is much like voting . 
  most people nod approvingly . 
  like what ? 
  for me it 's visibly been losing my gut ( or beginning to ) and * mentally * , well i 'm just more relaxed and more ... balanced ? 
  sounds familiar actually . 
  i 'm beginning to like this !, 
  who 'd a thunk it ? 
  i like your nick , by the way , proper dad humor . 
  that gs is good , been looking at those myself . 
  it can definitely handle all your listed needs . 
  nailed it . 
  totally stuck is pretty good !, 
  kamil glik . 
  sorry , but i would 've straight up just decked that asscanoe , never mind that she 's a she . 
  what makes you think im polish ? 
  killing innocents is * forbidden by law * everywhere , dude . 
  it has nothing to do with religion , goddamn these fucking morons thinking religion nullifies moral obligation , not to mention legislation . 
  goddamn fucking brainwashed cowards, 
  think of it like this . 
  booze is the last friend you would wan na meet . 
  he wants to kill you . 
  so does your buddy mr. cigarette by the way . 
  stay strong . 
  tape over your webcam . 
  a creepy dude in a stained wife beater is watching you . 
  who cares what islam thinks . 
  islam was used as a weapon to brainwash a 19 year old impressionalble loser to kill a child in its name . 
  fuck your religious rationalizations . 
  you 're a religious apologist nonetheless, 
  because i 'm european, 
  i got cuntur \u00d6rn cockson , did i do something wrong ? 
  you think he 's good enough , mate ? 
  i 've never heard of a controller . 
  you mean a playmaker , mate ? 
  no , there 's a difference between your classic `` number 10 '' , and your pirlos and modric 's . 
  well , people over the age of 16 usually called those players * playmakers * . 
  no , no . 
  kitchen utensils is the joke . 
  utensils . 
  ah , the plastic spoon , the traditional gift between wife sharing neighbours . 
  buzz osbourne said that ? 
  jesus , half the stuff the guy says is pure lies and the rest is made up . 
  the guy is amazingly funny , and he probably made it up , or the tool guys set him up to it . 
  all of city went home when spain was knocked out, 
  pep already has a job , mate . 
  the american kids on here sometimes . 
  everton were founded in 1878 mate . 
  it 's a club with history , not a * franchise * . 
  you mean jose sterling , right ? 
  ooooohhhh , somebody tough on the internet . 
  i do n't care what you call me , little man . 
  arsenal , mate . 
  him and nasri are arsenal players . 
  because they hate whiners . 
  swingers bjj . 
  try that search in youporn . 
  nah , they 're french is all, 
  poland wins the coin toss and let 's portugal start . 
  poor choice ,, 
  i am 40 . 
  i just means i know a childs reasoning . 
  did you have to look through my post history for long to find that out ? 
  and , because i 'm not an idiot , i did n't say i would stop * replying * to your weak comebacks , i said i dont care what you * call me * . 
  see the difference ? 
  but , please , call me twat again . 
  cheeky tapas are the best tapas, 
  more like * yeslito * !, 
  on the other hand , i hope nacho gets a proper number this season . 
  not the thumb , but do n't stick your dick in crazy . 
  his son is at ipswich so there 's another piece of news that 's of medium interest as well . 
  i prefer 1st teamers to have numbers from 1-11 . 
  i guess i 'm old school . 
  why ? 
  witsel is in the belgium 11 . 
  fellaini is n't . 
  and they play different positions , witsel plays deeper . 
  let me just let that sink in, 
  he was n't really told the joke by a holocaust survivor, 
  lolocaust !, 
  well , that joke will * never grow old * . 
  bit off topic perhaps , but has anybody else thought that courtois looked like the policeman in ` allo ` allo ? 
  you sure you need ameobi 2.0 ? 
  too soon ? 
  he do !, 
  my spear always gets a proper waxing when i shower .
