  as of 2015 there are some 4,000 active nuclear warheads and 10,300 total nuclear warheads in the world . 
  so we can use them !, 
  i think you 're being too serious in an askreddit thread, 
  at least he has the stones to state the obvious . 
  holy smokes !, 
  some humans are actually just garbage . 
  pure and simple , a fly infested , smelly pile of manure . 
  sorry for the idiotic rant , but still . 
  andy dufresne . 
  too soon . 
  look , i was brought up in the european equivalent of a `` trump household '' . 
  pentecostal brexit supporters , anti gay , pro life , racist so called `` christians '' ( who do n't even understand their own saviours message ) . 
  i have no patience anymore , not for this . 
  we live in 2016 . 
  there is 300 odd years of solid science and social sciences to reference . 
  there is absolutely no reason to be a misogynistic apologist because somebody was * brought up * that way . 
  i 'm proof of the opposite . 
  dp , out . 
  on behalf of all flies , it was * locker room talk * , it was not my intention to question a flys attraction to shit regardless of where that shit came out of . 
  all flies are entitled to whatever pile of shit they want , and that does not make them republican . 
  for that i am sorry , they might be ukip . 
  you know their parents probably do n't like that , mate ? 
  noble gets the shaft * again *, 
  it 's like $ 500 , but is built like a tank , and i can ride in cold weather with only a t-shirt underneath it . 
  it will probably last longer than me . 
  nice , hurt much ? 
  indeed , my top thigh was the most painful tattoo i 've ever gotten . 
  norm signed your box . 
  norm takes his job very seriously . 
  that 's good . 
  do n't forget enes unal, 
  good work !, 
  cool !, 
  can i ask what changed for you ? 
  what you 're describing pretty much fits me to the point . 
  same with the marriage . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks brother, 
  thank you very much for that . 
  you got the gist of what i was clumsily trying to ask . 
  i do n't know how to live sober . 
  never done it as an adult . 
  so i 'm grasping at straws . 
  this put it much more in perspective . 
  thanks again !, 
  me too , 
  i 'll take that analogy !, 
  souness is really good at pointing out the obvious . 
  how can we tip you if we have n't heard what you are referencing , op ? 
  from the everton games i 've seen on telly , he looks like the bargain of the season . 
  a crap league two team , as usual . 
  partial to leyton orient . 
  not having hbo on my smarttv, 
  you got a chuckle out of me !, 
  sounds fantastic . 
  i once took huddersfield into the uefa cup semi finals . 
  my favorite save . 
  tried playing in the norwegian league once . 
  pretty awful actually . 
  it 's nice to have a plan . 
  when it 's proven to be wrong . 
  find a good artist . 
  do n't ask your friend , ask around . 
  once you find the artist , bring your idea to them , then ask if they can incorporate it into a design . 
  they should be able to come up with something way cooler than you , or your friends . 
  they do this professionally , and appreciate a litte artistic freedom . 
  you will wear this to the grave , so do n't cheap out . 
  he looks like he needs a wicked shit . 
  some people love to call city a `` tourinst club '' after the oil money came in . 
  they `` forget '' to mention that attendance averages over 45k per match . 
  great joke , mate . 
  scottish caretakers, 
  ships . 
  i 'm 40 and i 'm still in a rock band . 
  but ... r/soccer says it 's always empty . 
  grab her by the pussy, 
  deeney as my 3rd striker , i guess . 
  a * medium size * menu anywhere . 
  it 's twice what you can eat . 
  also : big gulp , what the fuck . 
  alepp it go , already . 
  beer . 
  yes , but i 've been known to drink beer * then * go eat . 
  it might seem crazy , but it 's all true . 
  you doner good , get it ? 
  in europe ketchup is on the childrens menu , son . 
  also : lying . 
  never gon na give you up, 
  fuck yes, 
  this mic makes you sound like a dick, 
  do n't text and drive, 
  well , you know yourself way better so you tolerate less shit from people . 
  i still think it 's relatively easy to get to know new people , it 's just that my `` quota '' is filled with the wife , kids , and my old buds , so there 's not really a lot of time for new ones . 
  still happens though . 
  i 'm 40 by the way . 
  mr. snuggles, 
  make an effort to tolerate other world views . 
  weed, 
  when naming a kid , you realize how many people you despise . 
  eastern europe is pretty diverse , you need to narrow it down .
