  the terrible twos will be times two for you . 
  sorry , but i have to go upstairs now because my five year old wo n't listen to my wife and it 's bedtime . 
  you get the idea . 
  you ca n't turn this off . 
  stay positive , my friend . 
  temp co-worker . 
  the guy was just fucking creepy . 
  he would stare with his blank stare at you while asking the most personal questions . 
  he just had that `` serial killer '' vibe . 
  his only interests were guns and mailorder brides . 
  russian girls apparently were the best , they had respect for their men . 
  i seriously did not even tell that creep where i lived , let alone anything remotely personal . 
  he was let go after showing up for work and exclusively surfing the internet for four weeks straight . 
  then he managed to ask me `` why the fuck he was let go '' . 
  sticking with skateboarding . 
  i wish i was good at that . 
  what 's the best way to carve wood ? 
  whittle by whittle . 
  did you know `` sepp blatter '' is swiss german for `` arrogant bastard '' ? 
  sounds like a regular tuesday to me, 
  tree bark with hallucinogens . 
  and ... ? 
  im pretty sure everybody in this thread is less open minded than they think they are . 
  including yours truly . 
  cheeky, 
  about 20 years of suffering , sprinkled with about 5 years of success , then walk around being called `` plastic fan '' , `` glory hunter '' etc. 
  love it . 
  all right : `` cunt sausage '' then . 
  so far , pretty successful as a species . 
  as * humans * though , we have much to learn . 
  breaking news : jenas is the secret footballer, 
  ... and look badass while doing it . 
  well , to be fair , it 's been working for a while now . 
  insightful !, 
  has he been to stoke though ? 
  has he really ? 
  also , less girls are being proposed to with soda can tabs nowadays . 
  used to be the no . 
  1 cause of teenage marriages . 
  fact, 
  i imagine that 's why pep is being discussed . 
  i was a teen in the nineties , what do you wan na know ? 
  wool . 
  wear wool . 
  us : public enemy , nwa , dmx , dre , wu tang , snoop , arrested development , de la soul , tribe called quest . 
  from uk : gunshot , hijack , hardnoise , silver bullet , herbaliser , roots manuva and ultimately massive attack off the top of my head, 
  wu tang aint nutn to fuck wit, 
  a cold , rainy tuesday night at stoke . 
  counter question : how much weed is * enough weed ? 
  he 's won the pl twice . 
  do n't forget the league cup now . 
  stoke reaching new heights , there . 
  headbutting stewards is quality nutter material . 
  yes, 
  give it to me . 
  it 's xmas after all !, 
  the stoke badge is in space . 
  just throwing that out there . 
  we already have world class players , mate . 
  not green though, 
  octaves . 
  all of them . 
  you 'll get a pretty one sided answer here . 
  there 's praise for the attacker , but no love for the team . 
  yes , messi , neymar , ronaldo etc. 
  - all fantastic , great players , no argument there . 
  but you must keep in mind that football is a team sport , there are 11 players in each team , and for example messi needs that pass from iniesta or busquets before he can do his thing . 
  take a player like xabi alonso , he makes a massive difference for any team he 's in . 
  verratti also . 
  players like debruyne , hazard , robben make a massive impact in their side , but never get that messi or suarez circle jerk going . 
  then we have n't really mentioned defenders yet . 
  take kompany , thisgo silva , sergio ramos etc. 
  they make all the difference for their side . 
  a player like cannavaro completely neutralized world class attackers in his day and made it look easy . 
  it 's just harder to see . 
  i agree , messi is on a different level , i just find the question to miss the main point of the game . 
  the team . 
  i actually really liked it !, 
  everybody whos thinking that playing bass is easy , have n't really played with a great bass player before . 
  playing with a good one , a great one , it 's crazy how much different it is . 
  one that really * understands * rythm , locking in with the drummer and has the musical intelligence to play with time signatures and all the while play interesting bass lines . 
  those are hard to find . 
  lord knows i have n't played with one that checks all the boxes . 
  treat them the same as you would treat a dude . 
  i love lamp, 
  i think this child will grow up with an abundance of intelligent discussion and progressive thought . 
  nice , a shark with tentacles . 
  now i ca n't sleep . 
  just when sagna cut off that silly hair , sterling had to go all east 17 on us . 
  i 'm preety sure both hayden and josh hartnett are pretty much set for money for the rest of their lives , so these * fulfilling * , * indie * midsets are pretty easy choices when you 're already loaded . 
  i dont pay , son . 
  taylors sound different from martins though . 
  i have a taylor , and its much crisper in tone than the martins ive played . 
  i think we are the same person . 
  i 'm not trolling . 
  cigarettes , quit 10 years ago, 
  still counts !, 
  `` do n't over think it . 
  you have one shot at life '' . 
  - darkpasta .
