  `` so , ever had an abortion ? '', 
  `` this device will self destruct in ten seconds '', 
  one of my best buds cheats on his wife . 
  we have a lot of mutual friend-couples . 
  heads will roll if this is known . 
  edit : the amount of hate i 'm getting for being his friend and shutting up is beyond me . 
  whats even more cray cray is that i actually do n't particularily condone his behaviour , i just reckon grown ass men can make their own life decisions . 
  it 's not my place to make his decisions for him by ratting him out . 
  if half of you people have a buddy like me , you 're lucky . 
  long story short : i 'm not a rat . 
  same , except 2 kids and no dog . 
  `` lean '' on the leaning tower in pisa in a picture . 
  i come from the same family environment . 
  it 's like the tv is at * insane * volume , so everybody shouting over it , then someone turns the tv * even higher * , and so it goes . 
  i 'm usually outside . 
  i 've known this guy 20 years . 
  i 'd be * very * surprised . 
  nope, 
  so let me be the one to a ) break up a marriage and b ) admit i knew all along ? 
  sure , because * never in the history of mankind did someone ever kill the messenger * ... hush , child . 
  the world is black and white . 
  thanks . 
  there you go . 
  some of these cats are pretty new to the alley . 
  so their kid has to grow up with divorced parents because * i had to * get this off my chest ? 
  perspective , dude . 
  also , that word is not nice ... 
  i 'm not , these kids obviously are n't out of high school . 
  the people in question have a kid , a mortgage etc. 
  who am i to fuck all that up because * it 's the right thing * ... 
  i condescend freely when people make allegations about my character without knowing more about this case than one sentence of information , which i also provided . 
  you have no clue who these people are , or my affiliation with them . 
  the guy is my best buddy , i 've known him for 20 + years and gone through a friend dying , horrible break ups on both our parts , my drug problems , his drinking issues , his brother passing - and we 've been friends through thick and thin - and you have the balls to to call me an asshole for not selling out a guy who i 'm closer to than my own fucking brothers ? 
  fuck you dude . 
  what you know about this is what i told you . 
  you have no idea why my buddy did this . 
  i you ever met my buddy and i , you 'd be * amazed * by how much you 'd like us . 
  you should ` nt use the r-bomb there , `` buddy '' . 
  she has n't been . 
  trust me . 
  like i 've told several other people in this thread , what you know about this case is what i told you . 
  the marriage is nowhere near broken , in fact by all accounts they are doing fine . 
  who am i to stir the water ? 
  i 've mouthed off to him several times . 
  he knows how i feel about it . 
  edit : a lot of kids here call me a scumbag etc , for not telling his wife ( who i 'm not real close with , we just do n't `` click '' ) , but the case is i 'm the one who 's been calling him out on this when we are discussing our wives etc , he knows i disapprove . 
  and i think he 's stopped too . 
  this guy has never raised a hand to anyone . 
  how do you know i have n't ? 
  jesus fucking christ grow the fuck up, 
  what was the biggest challenge ? 
  also : what benefits are you experiencing now that you are sober ? 
  kompany : had to be something innocent , like jaywalking . 
  nice pun there , dad !, 
  '' ... for some unknownable reason she was being grumpy . '', 
  fast forward 10 years and you 've just described a pretty average marriage . 
  i still do n't know why she 's grumpy , buddy . 
  it 's going to be fine . 
  the one and only david brent, 
  your boxers must be really roomy . 
  best answer yet . 
  thanks man . 
  that 's the essence of it . 
  i stick by my buddy , no matter what . 
  if he was beating his woman , he would n't be my friend . 
  i was also surprised to see the moral right going at it here . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think i 'm pretty much done with putting my buddy out there . 
  shaun goater is lord . 
  never forget !, 
  already has his own little file in the principals office , i 'd guess . 
  dude , change your bong water !, 
  check out the song fathom . 
  darchest riff ever . 
  it will take a few rounds around the block for these dudes to know what neighbourhood they 're in . 
  then * you * do that . 
  i 'll stick to what i 've been doing . 
  great stuff . 
  * someone never grew up * , weird i heard that in ross from friends ' voice . 
  thanks for replying !, 
  i have the same kind of friends . 
  i have no idea what to do now that i 'm trying to stay sober . 
  my mo used to be `` let 's hang at a bar '' if i wanted to meet someone and hang out . 
  i 'm working out a lot , but i ca n't do that every day . 
  trying to think outside the box is hard when my go-to activity for the last 15 + years had been getting wasted . 
  his kids will be special, 
  when is yayas birthday again ? 
  noooo , not karate micah !, 
  i always got a little nervous when javi entered the pitch . 
  seemed like a nice bloke , though . 
  amazing !, 
  `` start martial arts now , you will love it '', 
  in my honest opinion a lot of people who depend on their looks develop less character/are less interesting in the long run . 
  because they get what they want without having to work as hard . 
  and when they inevitably one day lose their looks , well they 're shit out of luck . 
  go to your local streetside bar and watch the * cougars * to confirm this . 
  only semi-related , but : when i was a bouncer the best way to bust someone for using fake id 's was to ask `` so , * `` mike '' * , what 's your star sign ? '' . 
  if they knew , it was their id , because 99 , 5 % of all people know their sign . 
  worked like a charm . 
  i rolled a 5 on the dice of life . 
  i can not complain .
