  even twins , mate . 
  that let it go song has been playing non stop for two years at my house . 
  i have two small daughters . 
  kompany - starts accounting firm named `` kompany & co. '' . 
  zabaleta - coach , most likely . 
  sterling - rapper . 
  2009 inter had etoo ( cameroon ) , chivu ( romania ) , lucio ( brazil ) and ivan cordoba ( columbia ) at the same time . 
  so thats 4 . 
  i think there might have been some controversy there , if i remeber correctly . 
  indeed !, 
  pompey had an incredible 45 sea-captains in their 1689 team . 
  my mind ... * boom *, 
  slapping da bass, 
  sanifair . 
  oh , so only a pittance then, 
  pocket change , really, 
  lotr ftfy, 
  just let it go, 
  how old is he ? 
  zlatanizing, 
  i remembered to bring my mouth guard . 
  i even wore it several rolls !, 
  yay !, 
  well , i guess he could n't * cut it * in the championship, 
  funny thing that he replaced witsel, 
  this is a very un-wenger deal . 
  might just work, 
  how about no ? 
  quicksand or gorilla bisquits ? 
  descendents or all ? 
  `` dear professional footballer , who is not a local lad and is purely plying here by chance , please turn down tripling your wages at a massive club because we all love you and that '' . 
  cheers . 
  with ali b and the goat as well . 
  nobody rides my bike , except yours truly . 
  the answer is no . 
  you are basically describing what i was . 
  a habitual drinker . 
  i could stop * whenever i wanted * , right ? 
  point is , i never did . 
  i also could go a few days without drinking , but then `` something '' would happen to justify `` just one beer '' ( that would always turn into 10 ) . 
  i think you have a problem , and i think you should try to look at your drinking pattern before you get into more trouble . 
  sorry to be so blatant about it , but i wish somebody would have told me the same thing before i ended up hospitalized with early stages of liver cirrhosis . 
  drinking every day is not `` normal '' , rewarding yourself with alcohol is a problem . 
  ask for help . 
  verbalize it , hear the words yourself . 
  you will be amazed what it means to hear yourself say `` i have a drinking problem '' . 
  seeing zlatan ( my favorite player ) possibly ending up at united really irks me . 
  turkey wont win their group then . 
  small world !, 
  my wife is also my wife by marriage !, 
  super villain in a bond movie . 
  long shot . 
  wheres the snarky james may response when you need it ? 
  a group of people waiting politely in turn to speak . 
  also , they all sit on the same side of the table . 
  fuck it , dude - lifes a risk . 
  * jump *, 
  that fluorescent motorcycle guy from the future, 
  that is a beauty . 
  i love that band , but rollin was their best song, 
  mancini really ca n't get what a good center back is . 
  he let boateng go , and savic as well . 
  inflatable bananas, 
  wooooot, 
  attendended for sure . 
  manchester divided, 
  well , becks is hardly beer but ok . 
  one frozen pizza with kurt cobain , then . 
  give him cake and he will be absolutely brilliant for at least 5 to 6 matches . 
  spurs fans will love that you lumped them in here . 
  and shearer signed for toon because he loves the club . 
  this is pretty much how i felt when anelka signed for us . 
  true , we should link to it over at r/triumph more often . 
  well he was a key player for psg , a team that beat man u in a friendly last summer . 
  also : he is zlatan , and i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but i want to see him in the premiership . 
  did i mention he 's zlatan ? 
  you 've never played 90 minutes of football in your life , but plenty of fm , yeah ? 
  oh shut it, 
  go on ... 
  west ham fucking ripping it up in this window, 
  then how can you even ask what the coach means to a team ? 
  i just stopped . 
  call it willpower or whatnot . 
  i socialize in the same way i did before , but i get asked out less . 
  they probably think im `` less fun '' . 
  i also do brazilian jiu jitsu , which helps tremenduosly , both mentally and physically . 
  you explain to them that it is dangerous . 
  hitting kids is unforgiveable . 
  i have a hagstrom viking . 
  it is well good , mate . 
  sweet lord man , you are surrounded by bjj gods . 
  just take a pick !, 
  look everybody , theres an open mic !, 
  this guy went first !, 
  he also wears his given name on the back of his shirt . 
  scholes . 
  i think shitting on white belts might be your answer . 
  yup . 
  scholes was fucking brilliant . 
  any team would benefit from having him in his prime .
