  i think the purple belt just wants to teach him some manners . 
  oh , just less stressed out in general . 
  i dont sweet the small stuff nearly as much , and our second ... well , she learns more stuff the hard way . 
  but , hell , theres a lot more work ahead for you , son . 
  look no further than the boss hm2 , the `` heavy metal '' - dirty ass lo fi metal sounds . 
  ... i beg to differ . 
  those two scenes emerged about the same time , and the sounds you can get outta the hm2 fits both `` styles '' . 
  depends on the speed limit , yeah ? 
  slow clap . 
  paging r/dadjokes, 
  ... did not know that sub existed , subscribed !, 
  thanks !, 
  hopefully !, 
  sam harris is a bjj blue belt . 
  there is no contest . 
  i know this because i 'm a bjj blue belt and i would completely destroy a fifty something untrained academic type trying to fight me . 
  i junior high all i wanted to do was play in a band . 
  my friends and i formed a punk band , and we we 're ... terrible . 
  our music teacher was this awesome disco guy ( this was the late eighties ) and would give us his keys so we could unlock the band equipment room * every goddamn recess * for three years . 
  we eventually got better , and two of us ( your truly included ) went on to play music professionally . 
  funny thing is , i went to see my parents about five years ago and met him on the train and he remembered me , told me he had followed our respective careers and was very proud of us . 
  what a nice guy . 
  i bet you 're being funny . 
  but he would n't . 
  he would be out in 30 seconds . 
  tops . 
  i could strangle pretty much who i want , thats not the point . 
  the point of training martial arts , in particular bjj , is learning to be humble to the fact that there are people out there that could do that to you with relative ease . 
  you have no idea . 
  the point i 'm trying to get across is not that of macho posturing , it 's the simple fact that sam harris knows some stuff that the other gentleman does n't . 
  it 's pretty much the equivalent of playing a game of chess as a novice with a master . 
  true , but if you train ( and it sounds like you do ) you know that harris has got an edge in this fictional fight regardless . 
  a friend of my wife grew up without religion , and found christianity around age 18 . 
  its pertinent to the story that she was abandoned by her mother at like age 3 or 4 , and had a lot of issues because of that . 
  but she seems very happy , and is a close friend of my wife . 
  the norway squad is n't worth 30 mil, 
  the point of this discussion was if sam harris , who is a trained martial artist , could take a non trained colleague . 
  my assertion is : * yes * , he can . 
  regarding my being humble or not , discussing with you , somebody clearly out to twist words and to make this about * me * , guess what : i 'm not taking the bait . 
  the weather is shit , but luckily i have beer !, 
  cheers !, 
  i genuinely love joe hart, 
  wherever he goes , good luck to him . 
  top lad , legend for us . 
  just do n't go to united , joe . 
  i dont see what this has to do with dandruff, 
  the rapture , and being left behind . 
  grew up pentecostal . 
  this was a deep fear . 
  danny tiatto is retired , mate . 
  not said , but bedtime over the last six and a half years has me pretty much doubting every night . 
  they were . 
  band joke , sorry . 
  elsa, 
  ignore them , just like i ignore every other religion . 
  i 'm surprised smalling was n't named . 
  all righty then, 
  i could text myself real money to my account . 
  omelette thanks very much, 
  because it 's mashed pig inside a tied up gut , son . 
  the expressway to * nope * . 
  sometimes it 's mangled up lamb too !, 
  history . 
  look it up . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the guitar is a tool which musicians use to write songs . 
  i do this because i ca n't help hearing my beautiful exhaust tone . 
  i long for it like a candlelit dinner for two on a secluded beach , no kids , just the wife and i and a fire pit roaring in the background ... just sheer perfection , the essence of being in one perfect moment . 
  it alerts idiot car driverz who do n't check mirrors , indicate , text while driving etc. 
  mansplaining . 
  that was mansplaining right thurr . 
  i only use wah for a couple songs anyway , and i can get one fairly cheap so it might be worth a punt . 
  would that be an issue ? 
  is the knob on the side small ? 
  you . 
  tried rangers , plenty of challenges , really fun !, 
  as long as theres a led indicating wether the damn thing is on or not , i 'm fine . 
  if so i 'd want to be baudelaire, 
  well , i have two kids , so let me paint this picture for your entertainment : i do both !, 
  fake news !, 
  mine is a gorgeous british parallel twin . 
  well , since you ask : i 've been a musician for thirty odd years . 
  mainly guitars , but occasionally drums . 
  i enjoy everything from bluegrass to grind core , as long as it 's performed with passion and heart . 
  the usual vocoder `` r 'n' b `` crud you har on the radio ? 
  i 'd rather eat a bag of dicks . 
  same thing gies for bikes : the high pitched squeal of an in line four , straight piped road racer does absolutely nothing for me . 
  but the growling thump from an arrow equipped triumph bonneville , spitting pops as you let off the throttle is nothing more than ear sex . 
  you need to take a step back and think about what you say to people . 
  i think you would like me in real life . 
  i 'm a nice guy . 
  i just happen to be into bikes . 
  well , hi there fellow drummer . 
  i must be an asshole . 
  i 'm not denying that i would absolutely buy a bmw s1000r, 
  you have to be fucking kidding me . 
  i deserve to die because you do n't like a sound ? 
  what about noisy cars ? 
  your logic is absolutely flawless , dude . 
  ditto , asshole . 
   and nearly 4x the price,
