  all of them , duh . 
  oh , the coke chew ? 
  is that ok with flannels and a bunch of tattoos ? 
  that goes both ways , gurl . 
  the boss at a place i worked at years ago was a total fucking redneck asshole . 
  he fired a guy when he found out he was gay . 
  so , the gay guy sued for wrongful termination ( like you would ) , and the boss guy went to his house and beat him to an inch of his life . 
  he 's in jail now . 
  i quit right after . 
  links to open in a new window . 
  with her brother ???? 
  her brother ? 
  well , good for me !, 
  not without you finding out where i 'm from , where i worked etc. 
  do n't show up to a party empty handed . 
  texting `` hey , i 'm running 10 minutes late '' is not as acceptable as making the effort to be on time . 
  the handbags . 
  you ca n't find anything in there anyway . 
  it 's like a black hole for everyday items . 
  smells like teen spirit is the smoke on the water of my generation . . 
  the next step is the wrongful ground invasion of the gaza strip . 
  the author of the article is growing older , has n't realised fully yet - and is blaming zach braff . 
  thats cute !, 
  i just went to the sporting goods store with my daughter ( 3 and a half . . ) , she saw a * princess pink * kids fishing rod and said '' papa , i want to go in the woods with you and scare wolves and also take fish out of the water '' . 
  aww . 
  still motherfucking valid and relevant as fuck . 
  reposts ? 
  how the hell can anybody know * every single thing * thats uploaded to the internet * at all times * ? 
  apparently , some people do . 
  why equate atheism with having no purpose in life ? 
  i get painted like this bleak , fatalist doomsday prophet if i even * mention * that i 'm an atheist . 
  i ca n't possibly know what you 've been through . 
  first of all , i feel for you , my heart sank and i hope you are pulling through . 
  i had a buddy die from cancer in 2003 , and my only contribution is that time really heals . 
  or at least helps you along . 
  it still tough . 
  take care , man . 
  vladimir putin , right in the nose . 
  hey luigi . 
  why do n't you go fuck yourself ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' too , and sometimes i ride a vespa . 
  nobody would match his wages i would guess , he is 31 after all ... 
  southern california . 
  i hate the winter . 
  socal is also the epicenter of music and jiu jitsu , and i do both with a passion . 
  it 's a toss up between san diego and san fransisco . 
  not la , though . 
  you can see the white dude not wanting to fight , bacause he obviously knows a thing or two . 
  he knows whats going to happen to that guy even before the fight happens . 
  see him shaking his head at 0:35 thinking `` i ca n't believe this guy '' . 
  the shining, 
  ask if the restaurant you 're at has mexican coca cola . 
  the darkness - * get your hands off my woman *, 
  it 's hilarious and it rocks . 
  i have no problem saying that another man is good looking . 
  go to a bar . 
  start drinking again . 
  you got it right , meatpony . 
  bathroom stalls ? 
  gross . 
  sure thing , dude !, 
  how about latex gloves instead ? 
  more gross shit on the walls than anywhere else ... 
  the young ` uns ... 
  and the girls just ** love it ** in my experience, 
  and * stays * classy, 
  perfect post-roll hammock set-up too !, 
  then you have n't witnessed childbirth , my friend . 
  omg, 
  the amount of sugar people consume in the western world is insane . 
  please do tell what happened . 
  the bourne supremacy . 
  adults who hate children, 
  edit : do you guys not understand that i 'm calling him out on hating children , or what ? 
  goddamn it !, 
  neurons , i would guess . 
  so , quite legally a child yourself . 
  who you callin what now ? 
  death - * symbolic * comes to mind . 
  deodorant, 
  i hear that , brother . 
  a couple cents here will cost you a little more down the road . 
  work out, 
  and universities . 
  i swear it feels like time is moving backwards and human kind is actually becoming dumber , despite the information and evidence available to us . 
  now , imagine the left column with kids . 
  plural . 
  they create and sell genetically modified and genetically engineered products , some of which end up in the food supply and hurt you . 
  gmo 's . 
  you know making nature a capitalist novelty they can copyright and sell . 
  i 'm just going to pick one . 
  started a war to seize oil production , because the ceo who was golf buddies with the us prez just could . 
  then he was appainted vice prez and fucking did it again . 
  then theres the deepwater horizon thing . 
  you could pretty much say these thing about many , * many * corporations . 
  ge , mcdonalds , cocacola , monsanto , philips , lockheed , the list goes on ... 
  so you want patents on nature . 
  seems legit . 
  it ' s called instrument , it 's about the band fugazi . 
  coconut oil after you shower .
