  mate, 
  jaden is really wills dad . 
  the plot sickens . 
  that picture of harley quinn is making my pants smaller . 
  required so much more effort . 
  back then , it * was * a compliment . 
  hi , take it from a guy who 's toured for twenty odd years , and spent a fair share of nights in places i would n't care to remember : you 're doing * gods work * . 
  hot meals and a place to sleep is the number one priority . 
  if you have a hot shower , then you 've just saved my night . 
  thanks , band mom . 
  i 've met several versions of you , and you all rule !!, 
  i like how half the slovakia team wears mohawks . 
  unrelated , fine , but still . 
  it 's like playing five a side against papa roach or something . 
  depends . 
  wan na look cool ? 
  wan na get there without issues and carry loads of gear ? 
  ride a gs . 
  you need to keep doing what you are doing for about two more years . 
  then you will be where i am right now . 
  go train . 
  one-uppers generally have this trait . 
  my favorite has always been evilive, 
  they like guns . 
  end thread . 
  the new project is : cake on his birthday . 
  ok , disregard my flair ( i dont shit on ex . 
  man u players by default , honest ) , but this guy guy has it coming . 
  theres just this * aura * , a lack of sportsmanship and an arragance that is just very unbecoming . 
  hes well good and that , but you just want him to fail . 
  i believe its called karma . 
  feeling grreat !, 
  82 days sober and loving it . 
  * you get what you give * . 
  * what goes around comes around * . 
  that 's karma . 
  it does n't `` work '' per se . 
  do n't talk down . 
  it 's bad karma . 
  regardless . 
  r/soccer is full of know it all yeah ? 
  21 months to consistently happy ? 
  san , i have a long way to go !, 
  i 'm still on the fence regarding my chances , does that ring a bell ? 
  i feel like i can do this 85 % of the time , then suddenly i feel like having a scotch . 
  i want to be sober for the rest of my days , i just in a way feel that failure is just around the corner . 
  like i 'm * supposed * to fuck up . 
  i 'm rambling, 
  by the way , they fucked up ian curtis , he 's on the wrong side . 
  hopkins is on the list three times , so he wins . 
  and damn , even unabrow and hairy pits salma is * still * hawt . 
  what 's a `` submission '' , guys ? 
  friends set in mid war bavaria , only ross and monica would n't be in it ... 
  they 're at camp . 
  u wot mate, 
  just sharing his thoughts on the latest shakira single boys, 
  what 's a `` rekt '' , guys ? 
  a contender for the darwin awards, 
  swedish illuminati mafia confirmed, 
  most people think jim morrison looks like val kilmer as well , though . 
  yeah , only city have used that tactic the last 20 years , only city . 
  great signing that . 
  jesus navas most probably gone then . 
  so , ideally led brake light and bulb blinkers ? 
  cheers !, 
  why is there a difference between the brake and blinkers though ? 
  that is utter bs , every child develops differently . 
  shes only 4 months !, 
  plus , your paediatrist says shes fine !, 
  the paediatrist is the doctor , not the fucking pt . 
  planes mistaken for stars , hot water music , dillinger four , leatherface , wolves like us , small brown bike , braid , etc etc, 
  thanks very much !, 
  that donald trump is a pathological liar with borderline personality disorder . 
  he is dark triad for sure . 
  he might be the actual devil . 
  edit : y' all are gettin hung up in the wrong thing . 
  never mind that i mentioned bpd , ok ? 
  that 's my suspicion with no evidence that was the question op asked * . 
  jeez, 
  the white belt is strong in you , young padawan . 
  it is a buzzword i equate with crazy !, 
  just like trump does with `` mexicans '' , `` islam '' , `` women '' and `` truth '' !, 
  im attacking trump , not you . 
  sorry if you took it personal , but trump needs to fucking die from cancer already . 
  long my way to blue is . 
  even further to wookie belt . 
  how do you say his name ? 
  noooo not that one, 
  i still miss his scarf and wavy bangs, 
  yes , he made absolutely no money in the twenty odd years of playing for the likes of man u , barca , inter and marseille . 
  did that say mikey johnson ?? 
  poor form . 
  it 's a big like asking what happens to all the guitarists that do n't become rock stars . 
  have you been to dortmund , mate ? 
  not enough firemen in wigan, 
  every day, 
  remember that lady who sued mcdonald 's ? 
  she only burned * her mouth * . 
  i 'm not going to tell you what to do . 
  i am only going to tell what i am going to do , when i started this sobriety thing i promised myself * a year * .
