  poker . 
  money on the table , knife in boot . 
  totally . 
  perspective . 
  look it up . 
  went to drive-in mcd 's in my automatic transmission suv , ordered an xxl menu and ate it in the fucking car !, 
  freedom !, 
  norway, 
  i do this every day . 
  and when it 's empty she goes `` ugh , did you use my deodorant ? '', 
  and i go `` no '' . 
  you lot are very polite . 
  you think you are n't , but you are . 
  i just hope milner signs on for four more years . 
  best way to keep a young talent . 
  alienate him from the club and fans . 
  you 're more than welcome at city . 
  edit : oh my god , you butthurt little boys . 
  condoms . 
  use them . 
  still sucks to roll with a guy and accidentally * get high * ( italicized for clarity of irony ) because of all the left over weed in his hair/gi/rashie though . 
  seriously : we have a stoner dude at our gym , and the guy smells like a weed factory . 
  i honestly think that if i was pulled over after rolling with this dude , the police would totally smell it on me - just from rolling with this cat . 
  radagast gracie . 
  the first lotr/gracie * legit * wizard . 
  i know how it works . 
  i have the worn out ren and stimpy vhs to prove it . 
  thing is , i do partake very occationally . 
  i 'm not holier than thou at all . 
  i just like to have the * choice * , you know . 
  srs this dude smells like a fucken weed farmer . 
  anyone remember that sucker punch he threw at mandzukic in the world cup ? 
  so we 're replacing yaya with noel gallagher ? 
  this will end in tears . 
  let 's hope we can make it out of the cl group stage next year, 
  i 'm all about the nice factor !, 
  21 grams . 
  great film . 
  just too much greatness . 
  metallica - ... and justice for all, 
  david silva & ag\u00fcero . 
  not for a * move * , but for being a cunt . 
  that incident where he kicked kun ** after ** being red carded pushed over to hate for me . 
  slap her moms ass and tell the dad to go get you a beer . 
  why obsess over the inevitable ? 
  yo momma so fat her dress size is the equator . 
  better than xavi ? 
  you wot mate ? 
  the man has won more on the pitch than almost anybody , both for barca and spain . 
  rakitic is good , but come on . 
  history counts for something . 
  i only saw that right now . 
  op should learn how to write headers . 
  you do that , and i 'll take it with extra cheese . 
  can i get a beer with that ? 
  thanks !, 
  found the juggalo . 
  oi , shut it, 
  his wages alone render this claim as bullshit, 
  keep walking that path brother . 
  smells . 
  dandelions for example , the smell of them in spring takes me right back to 1986 riding my bmx . 
  i dismiss it as a movie prop . 
  just remember to get him some cake too . 
  noel gallagher, 
  shaun goater , of course !, 
  nic anelka , zlatan and craig bellamy would have been a pretty rowdy attacking trio . 
  i 'm both entertained * and * offended by this . 
  you are good at this commenting business . 
  there a contingent at my gym that actually believes this * do n't wash your belt * bs . 
  instructor included . 
  it 's the one negative thing i can say about the prof. theres no magic in cotton . 
  actually theres no magic in anything . 
  i only have two now . 
  a manto x and a koral light . 
  i 'm getting a inverted gear panda as soon as they re-stock . 
  i 'm right behind you !, 
  ( in about 10 years time ) . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  he 's been a mainstay , is solid and appears to be quite happy . 
  i ca n't see why he would leave . 
  about every ligue1 team except psg ? 
  he 's like nige , without the impending statutory offence in every tackle . 
  i know ... 
  fugazi - the best band ever to never sell out . 
  i 'm 39 , so i could be most of these kids ' dad . 
  hell ; i was 22 when odegaard ws born !, 
  looks like reading . 
  the crowd going off . 
  at the stadium . 
  you do n't need music . 
  shrimp, 
  she plays keira knightley in every movie . 
  i like that there are russians named alan . 
  so what ? 
  you probably know something he does n't . 
  like how to read or be nice to people . 
  i only use two toms . 
  the snare is pretty flat , but my rack tom is at about 30 degrees while the floor is pretty flat too . 
  i do n't care how it looks as long as it 's comfy to play .
