  as a heavily tattooed person , i would say two things :, 
  start somewhere other than your arms , or somewhere else visible . 
  the simple reason for this is if youre not planning on getting a lot more , then you do n't have to see it all the time , or even try to `` make symmetry '' ( which is why i have two full sleeves for instance ) . 
  it 's a common theme among my tattooed friends . 
  start on your leg or your back , for instance . 
  get a great artist . 
  this is one of those times money is n't an issue . 
  it 's permanent . 
  cover ups are hard to make look good later . 
  do n't be * that guy * . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  look at their portfolio . 
  are they getting guest spots at other studios ? 
  this is a good indicator of their skill . 
  hipsters . 
  reintroducing monarchy in england after cromwell . 
  to make benefit glorious footballs player lahm . 
  used to be potus , did n't it . 
  ah , the ol' visa sleeve . 
  competence ? 
  good boy , wan na go for a walk , boy ? 
  outside ? 
  you excited ? 
  is it me you 're looking for ? 
  3 month solo `` backpacker trip '' on a motorbike, 
  i have two kids , age 2 and 6 . 
  not anytime soon . 
  it 's short for pantaloons, 
  i would think that its about time that 20 year old got a job . 
  sharkbait, 
  my father , in which stock to invest in . 
  i 'm just here for the show . 
  going for the old double take on the question there , i see ? 
  alli instead of pogba , surely . 
  whats more shocking to me is that 21 % of people with postgraduate degrees or higher * still * believes in creationism . 
  my thoughts exactly as well . 
  i 'll take your * one * youtube source for that position then , and cast aside all the contradicting ones . 
  i 'm simply making a point of not listening to one source of opinion . 
  you know , like you learnt in the first philosophy 101 lecture . 
  go to a store and try them on , they have different fits . 
  my head hearts shoei , for instance . 
  i find myself often being confronted by these kinds of situations by my wife . 
  definitely helpful in seeing that perspective . 
  one thing i always say is `` i ca n't read your mind '' , and by that implying that * because * we are different in our experience and sensing of a problem , sometimes i need to be told . 
  communication is the key here , and the simple solution for us is : as long as my wife * tells * me i 'll happily do most things right away . 
  thats the key though . 
  a lot of people just assume that since they have an emotion , other people as supposed to just pick up on that subtle nuance that `` something needs to be done here '' , right away . 
  well , i 'm just not equipped to catch on to those . 
  you need to tell me , and as long as my partner understands that its not because i 'm lazy or indifferent , its all right . 
  again , communication is key . 
  ps : theres other things dads do too , that we dont exactly get credit for . 
  i mean , my wife car is * magic * , for instance . 
  the tires get changed by themselves , oil gets changed , the thing gets washed regularly and serviced by some kind of elf that looks suspiciously like me . 
  ts just one of those things `` i 'm supposed to do '' . 
  a guy-thing . 
  i mean , it might seem insignificant to my wife , but she drives our girls around in that thing and i need to know its got brakes . 
  if i even * mention * car related things , she rolls her eyes and exclaims `` booooring '' . 
  which is fine , if you have someone to do it for you . 
  again , this is one example of `` guy-things '' i 'm just supposed to do . 
  which is fine . 
  im just trying to say , its a two way discussion . 
  as long as there is a discussion , i know what to do . 
  * obama 2 : the status quo . 
  * starring hillary clinton as potus . 
  after 1 . chemtrails and 2 . the lizard people which are * the best ones * . 
  trust me . 
  surely a lot better than the current predicament, 
  you had to check wikipedia to see if finland was a country . 
  just the british isles alone ... if only we had some account of the recent 1000 years of history , if only . 
  the exorcist 4 : * shining a light at the omen . 
  starring : kevin james as the pope , sarah jessica parker as ivanka , robin wright as robin wright ( sorry , * melania * ) and garry shandling as trump . 
  that explains how a teacher friend of mine who rears pigeons could afford that porsche . 
  man utd victory ends 117763200 seconds of only spanish clubs winning european titles . 
  ( sounds even ** more ** glorious ), 
  well , garry died while trump was still running , so theres a chance it actually did . 
  great , now i have to get my wife a show white costume . 
  it 's the inquisition all over again !, 
  i did n't know there was an option ? 
  dream scenario . 
  1 . single women, 
  2 . virgins, 
  3 . men, 
  we all wish zaba the best . 
  sleep in shifts . 
  decide who 's `` on duty '' and stick with the regimen . 
  saves a shitload of valuable time you can sleep instead of argue . 
  i was once called back for a second interview for a job , and they pulled up this meyerbriggs test on a laptop and told me to complete a survey . 
  i politely declined . 
  you say `` christian '' , but which one ? 
  catholic ? 
  protestant ? 
  adventist ? 
  greek orthodox ? 
  you get my drift ... 
  they are very different , especially in the treatment of others . 
  i grew up pentecostal . 
  isolation from regular secular society , being one thing . 
  threats of hell and dogmatic brainwashing from an early age , not allowing for even questioning anything being another . 
  religion as a whole turn me off , christanity included . 
  what stands out is the double standards .
