  van nistelrooy is the poacher , good header . 
  great finisher . 
  bergkamp - the creator , the number 10 . 
  kluivert is at home , injured . 
  what an amazing thought . 
  you must be a zen master or some shit, 
  hey be nice, 
  not a * video game * but fm ( football manager ) ... 
  because you 're a swede ? 
  reach farther back . 
  paris hilton and her like, 
  the only part that i care about is how your drunk friend drove off drunk . 
  what kind of moronic shit is this ? 
  who cares if you 're `` that guy '' . 
  you should 've taken his keys . 
  99 % of new yorkers wo n't even know what it 's for . 
  thanks , great tips . 
  will look into that asap !, 
  why not both ? 
  8 year contract !, 
  now !, 
  lukaku not coming to man u then, 
  only a double ? 
  i 'll take it . 
  swearingen, 
  oil has nothing to do with it , i tells ya, 
  lots of arguing over petty bullshit, 
  i just binge watched the first season of brooklyn nine nine instead of binge drinking brooklyn breweries . 
  progress !, 
  almost . 
  plus he won 18 trophies as a player . 
  doug stanhope , that guy is going all in . 
  what are the odds of him staying for 4 seasons ? 
  ok , people kill people - but the gun helps !, 
  maybe * mainstream * rock music is dead ( at least boring ) , but the underground is still very much alive . 
  it would be amazing if he could cement a place in our 11 . 
  my sacrifice was to become a slave to the wage . 
  26p for a bun with pieces of turd on it ? 
  well , count me in guvnor !, 
  what is it . 
  tell us now . 
  cool , conversely my coach said ( verbatim ) `` you 're gon na be white belt for a while , buddy '' . 
  i did n't even ask beforehand . 
  he just said it . 
  that 's some mr. myagi shit , rillion . 
  insurance companies, 
  on tv all the girls have bras on while having sex . 
  irl , the bra is the first ting that comes off . 
  the ktm duke 390 seems fun . 
  nirvana - nevermind, 
  what did you just call joe hart ? 
  you will refer to him as `` god '' . 
  `` everton 2 : the knights of the mid table '' , coming soon to a cinema near you . 
  cake on my birthday . 
  current underwear model becks : i love jose maurinho . 
  wenger is sacked and replaced by paddy vieira, 
  what a cool dude ( ! ), 
  is there a 4th season release clause ? 
  samir nasri is still a city player . 
  how * dare * you live by logic and reason ? 
  go to your room !, 
  when courtney love ~ ~ killed ~ ~ lost kurt cobain , her band holes debut was called `` live through this '' , it was released just one week after he was found dead . 
  are you a man or a woman ? 
  ooo . 
  scary . 
  and i would , in 2002 . 
  3 years . 
  wise . 
  heel to the head , just behind the ear . 
  i can relate . 
  biased , but that chevrolet logo on the man u kit is awful . 
  blind vs. martial - fight to the death . 
  28 june 2023 ... 
  the day the jose mourinho teddybear hits the shops . 
  plot twist : rafa announces he 's signed a eight year contract . 
  as per club policy . 
  giroud could be his ~ ~ illegitimate son ~ ~ man crush, 
  plus , if you throw a bag of money at a player you most likely end up with bendtner or el-hadji diouf . 
  why would we ? 
  kdb has amazing hair . 
  you should go all * the end scene of office space * on that thing, 
  alone time is vital to surviving as both a parent and a husband for me . 
  amy from brooklyn nine nine, 
  he wo n't buy any players off man u then , seeing mou and rafa are n't ... well ... chums . 
  you just have to open your fly mate, 
  manchester united, 
  dani in bruce wayne mode . 
  that is a good signing . 
  what the fucking hell is a `` cleat '' ? 
  feels like beating a dead horse , but here goes : they have cake in china too , yaya . 
  honestly i did not know what a cleat was . 
  it sounds strangely sexual . 
  im thankful that the sun is out and i get to ride my motorbike to work . 
  relevant username !, 
  he will end up at man u. 
  mark my * non contract binding * words . 
  i will try to come in my idol , is that ok ? 
  translated : all the offers so far have been below what yaya currently makes , and no team is willing to pay what he wants . 
  if he was english you would be singing his praises , mate . 
  other people being fucking idiots .
