  river, 
  metallica, 
  you know , not everybody who gets hurt is a * spaz * . 
  we see some knocks here and there at my gym . 
  guys get the occational black eye , busted fingers , sprained ankles . 
  in my one year of training i 've had a concussion that kept me out for about 4 weeks . 
  i think theres a much greater chance of getting seriously hurt at sunday league football ( soccer ) than bjj . 
  two at a time ? 
  good job !, 
  the apathy . 
  people are more concerned about their phones than species dying out by the minute . 
  if everyone just took * one * iota of interest in preserving the planet , it would make a huge difference . 
  martin luther not breaking with the catholic church . 
  hear me out . 
  if we did not have protestant * ethics * , there would n't have been a western european mindset to be frugal and save money , thus there would n't be capital to fund the eventual industrial revolution , and then there would be no western civilization . 
  asshole ? 
  really ... this is a theory presented by max weber in about 1904 , it 's pretty universally regarded as a sosiological masterpiece . 
  if you 're educated , that is . 
  he must be wearing one of those camoflage gi 's . 
  find red . 
  i hope !, 
  ok , i 'll name this record because of several things . 
  the time in which it came out was a pivotal change in music , it spurred on a lot of musical change for me , as well as broadening my musical horizons immensely . 
  it 's still , after 22 years , one of my all time favorite records . 
  i find all the songs to be inspiring , deep and at the same time catchy and infectiously seductive . 
  not to mention the profoundly wrltten lyrics . 
  theres a literary quality to them , a `` bukowski meets brautigan '' - ness that grows on me as i age , and understand the truth behind what he was writing . 
  it 's a record that makes me understand more and more about it the more i listen to it . 
  i 'm talking about the masterpiece that is * gentlemen * by the afghan whigs . 
  i 've never been scared by * sand * before now . 
  that is serously good . 
  stewart lee . 
  genius . 
  he is , hands down, 
  you wont need a girlfriend once you see the actual scene . 
  i just got the bike ... 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not sure it 's worth it , though . 
  when live music is done absolutely right , it can make me bawl . 
  it 's happened about twenty times . 
  i train with contacts and they do fall out occationally . 
  if it 's a big problem , maybe you should consider lasik ? 
  bought it now , ca n't wait to put the kids to bed and listen to this . 
  eric is a great addition to the band !, 
  inverted gear . 
  pandas all day , son . 
  i 've found that rolling is the * best * cure for a hangover ever . 
  he wore 52 for arsenal , what a barrel of laughs he is, 
  yaya is 42 which really bugs me . 
  like when you visit new people , and theres not a book in sight ... 
  yup , it 's not that i do n't * trust * these people , i 'm more * surprised * by it . 
  it 's almost like not having any records . 
  if you 're familiar with sociology , in homes like these there 's a lack of cultural capital . 
  read pierre bourdieu , french sociologist . 
  i have a feeling dzeko is leaving ... 
  went ok . 
  viking land, 
  tears for fears , every song . 
  * pint size nations *, 
  lem me guess , you 're from the us ? 
  i ate it every day for eight years , and it was good . 
  rough estimate , about 20 % of my body is covered with them . 
  i think people should think twice , even thrice , before getting huge visible stuff . 
  i first started getting tattooed in the late nineties , and back then you only saw full sleeves on tattoo artists . 
  now you see them on every eighteen year old shop clerk . 
  i 'm 39 now , and do n't really care , but i 'm a little tired of the * looks * ( read : stares ) you constantly get . 
  people look afraid i 'll steal their car , but in reality i 'm a fully employed married father of two . 
  i 'm also a little sick of talking about them , and i 've in fact been fired once because i was heavily tattoed ( i was hired in the winter , and when summer came around i showed up for work in a t-shirt and the boss we n't all `` we ca n't have * that * here '' on me ) . 
  last i heard dzeko was linked to as roma ? 
  ... and justice for `` all '' . 
  kids , mate . 
  i think i just got a little dumber from reading that . 
  a kid who thinks gareth bale is a * legend *, 
  jeez . 
  never mind the dead guy , right ? 
  i 'm a biker myself , theres too many people getting behind the wheel drunk . 
  so he doe n't sod off to you lot, 
  good ... not the point though ... imagine if this crime was commited by a black inner city kid . 
  you think the sentence would be a * tad * different ? 
  and a box of capri-sonne . 
  constantines ? 
  yes we do, 
  i look for the record collection . 
  if it sucks , no go . 
  if it 's non-existant , no go . 
  not exactly * indie * but planes mistaken for stars never got as big as they deserved to be . 
  in the very first scene , i was like * sweet , threesome * !, 
  i 've been watching too much porn lately . 
  my little niece was really into one direction ( she 's 11 ) , so i gave her the new queens of the stone age record for her birthday . 
  now she only listens to that one , and keeps asking me for more `` cool music '' . 
  win . 
  well , the confederates lost the civil war in 1865 , so i would say it 's exactly 150 years too late . 
  i 'm a musician , if she 's not into music we 're not really going to hit it off after the sex gets boring . 
  and in 20 years time you will be the proud owner of a green head . 
  this guy wreaked havoc for my southend side in fm15, 
  no , it 's actually really bad . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , 240lbs and the mkm a4 was * fucking huge * on me . 
  go a3 , or possibly a2 . 
  these gis do not shrink . 
  stab\u00e6k is in the norwegian league .
