  where do you train ? 
  i 'm asking so i can stay away from the place . 
  nuclear holocaust, 
  punctuation . 
  pay more attention . 
  point taken ? 
  bendtner is in wolfsburg ? 
  shit , i forgot he even existed . 
  hearing the words `` the champions league '' and thinking he heard `` the sunday league '' . 
  the homeland security act was made to monitor * you * , not the `` terrorists '' . 
  i 'm not even going to * mention * rfids, 
  i ca n't hear you , i 'm in my bunker counting my dry goods . 
  not bragging , but i can totally hit my mouth while eating in the dark . 
  true story . 
  nazi germany came out of the eugenics movement , not the other way around ? 
  that 's a very * very * interesting ( and not to mention extremely simplified ) take on historical events dating back to wwi , the global economic depression in the thirties , mainstream poilitical currents blaming jews . 
  eugenics was * part * of nazi ideology , but hardly the main reason for it to flourish . 
  not to mention ford 's good buddy charles lindbergh , ford said : `` when charles comes out here , we only talk about the jews . '', 
  dude , have you even * seen * signs ? 
  they still sent each other love letters , agreeing on all those things one should n't really agree on . 
  catholisism was a factor , no doubt . 
  my professors professor is on there !, 
  i was born on walpurgisnacht . 
  this guy is like my brother from another mother , but he is the * slowest * motherfucker ever . 
  meeting at 8:00 ? 
  dude shows up 9:30 . 
  got a plane to catch ? 
  the man is the last guy on the plane . 
  plus he drives like a retired asian minister . 
  55mph speed limit , you say ? 
  * i 'll just be cruisin ' 45mph in the fast lane * . 
  no country for old men, 
  ukips and their sister parties across europe . 
  you should speak to a physician before it gets out of hand . 
  hah , to be honest i did not see any of the last four city matches , i just punched in zaba by default . 
  til : i want to live in the countryside . 
  sign up on tinder and start chatting up ** her ** friends . 
  all wood please . 
  so does his . 
  i grew up in a pentecostal family on both sides . 
  i can relate to this all too much . 
  this thread is going to piss me of somthing fierce . 
  that capitalism is organized crime and that we are all its victims . 
  i recently quit bartending after 7 years . 
  i 've pretty much seen it all . 
  especially after closing time . 
  honey boo boos mother . 
  the * bonfire * aka the stone age t.v. 
  a colleague has fucked at least five different women * on the counter * ( where you get your beers and rest your elbows ) . 
  this is not exclusive behaviour to this one bar , this happens everywhere to some degree . 
  this one guy i worked with told me a girl gave him head in the restroom , sprinkled his dick with coke and kept giving him head for way longer than usual * wink , wink * . 
  i 've had people come up to me asking if i want a threesome , had cougars stick their hands down my pants and grab my dick . 
  women just giving me their number happens more often than you would think . 
  just collecting pint glasses will get you a slap on the ass more often than not , maybe a good squeeze if the place is full . 
  stuff like that . 
  people are gross . 
  bar staff ( pun intended ) seem to be fair game . 
  if you * complain * about women being sexually forward , you get laughed at . 
  believe me , having women near my mothers age reach down and grab my thing is not my idea of `` sexy '' . 
  who controls the means of production ? 
  you ? 
  the mega-rich . 
  how did they get that property ? 
  through generations of exploiting workers who gain nothing more than to barely scrape by , all the while making the 1 % richer and more powerful . 
  i recommend you first read thomas pikettys capital in the twenty-first century , to get a firm grasp on what capitalism is currently doing to democracy , the rate of inequality and what needs to be done to reform economies in the western world so we do not return to the pre industrial oligarchy and inherited wealth . 
  that is bad news for everyone . 
  it was great advice , thanks !, 
  i 've been doing this to * spite * some people as well , haha . 
  thanks , i 've been thinking i need some sober friends . 
  i just have no clue where to look . 
  grew up pentecostal , but at age 12 , 13 i started really questioning whether this all made any sense . 
  i had also slowly but surely ventured into punk , and reading jello biafra and ian mackayes lyrics at that age really set things in motion . 
  i also started noticing how the adults in the church my family went to were n't * really * that much more including or tolerant , rather the opposite . 
  racist and bigoted views were commonplace , and as a young punk with a red mohawk i was also the butt of a lot of jokes . 
  so at age 14 i just told my parents `` i 'm not going anymore '' , and that was that . 
  i read up , called myself * agnostic * for years . 
  i guess the real turning point was when my wife and i was going to greece on holiday . 
  i had just started uni at a later age ( 32 ) and was questioning a lot of things . 
  i randomly picked up `` the god delusion '' by richard dawkins , intending it to be my beach book . 
  i read it from cover to cover on a naxos beach on the first day . 
  it blew my mind . 
  from that day , i 've called myself an atheist . 
  tl , dr : pentecostal kid reads some stuff , starts thinking - throws religion out the window . 
  the dealbreaker for me would be that your friends school has a black belt teaching ( well , and he 's your friend ) . 
  i got the impression the first one is run by a purple ? 
  ok , then i would just train with my friend . 
  shrimp, 
   goddamn you half japanese girls , do it to me every time, 
  pinkerton is such a great record . 
  i read history in university . 
  upvote because hero, 
  i loved it . 
  that norwegian government is very similar to ukips , i was just there and most people over there are very embarrassed by their actions so far . 
  the red pill , it 's a bunch of douchey , rapey `` alphas '' hating on women and liberal thinking . 
  most of them are probably virgins living with their mothers . 
  i 'm not going to link to it . 
  is that the female version ? 
  oh , great !, 
  i just find it amusing that `` real alphas '' * ugh ugh * ^ ^ pounding ^ ^ chest need a forum to whine about how girls are n't being nice to them . 
  well , fuck off then,
