i 'm 38 , and i 've never been to the hair dresser , or a salon for that matter . 
  congratulations , man !, 
  at what age did you start ? 
  my dad uses this * counter argument * whenever i use the `` it 's science '' argument ... well god created science !, 
  sigh . 
  you are a deist . 
  i have ( had ) a good friend that died in 2003 , and what i remember about him is the stories . 
  he was a whacky guy , who got in all kinds of funny predicaments , and whenever we shoot the shit about the old times his name always comes up , we share a story or two . 
  the silence after is usually pretty deep . 
  i miss that guy . 
  my point is : live in such a way that people have stories to tell , and things to share about you . 
  life is a risk , take it by the horns . 
  people who do n't tip . 
  have jack black open for jack white . 
  why is it som important to put every band in a genre ? 
  is it good , or is it bad ? 
  that 's the only two genres i care about . 
  thanks man, 
  thanks , work on bottom guard . 
  will do . 
  yeh , no stripe white . 
  only been doing bjj for 3 months , but i have a background from other martial arts - so i kinda half `` got '' the concept of leverage already . 
  ideally , i want to get a training partner to do reps and slow rolls/forms with soon !, 
  i just find that most of the time , people wo n't even check out a band if it 's not `` true this '' or `` real that '' . 
  i 've found some really freat music by staying open to different inputs . 
  for instance , i really love chelsea wolfe and at the same time i love trap them . 
  both are neither this or that , and better for it imo . 
  sure . 
  we all need words and concepts to communicate , i get that . 
  but as i mentioned another place , some people just disregard entire blocks of music because they 're not `` metal '' , and thats just plain dumb . 
  ah , good idea !, 
  word of the day !, 
  technique , then pressure . 
  got it . 
  thanks !, 
  you can touch it , smell it , taste it so sweet, 
  minor threat . 
  * minor threat * . 
  wo n't take too long . 
  me and you both , the concensus seems to be `` stick with it '' , so i 'll do that . 
  cool , watched it . 
  i 'm about his size ( apart from the muscle ) . 
  thanks !, 
  when i said `` i 'm about his size ( apart from muscle ) '' i forgor to also say , * and without the skill *, 
  yes . 
  only i 've encountered people who will legitimately say * `` as long as this band has good production , any form of clean singing and was released after 1990 , it 's no good '' * . 
  then what are you going to do to make them understand that , say , botch is a relevant and important band for many people . 
  it 's just dumb . 
  and i meet surprisingly many of these cats . 
  well , allrighty then !, 
  especially since propagandhi are all very , very vegetarian and even sing a lot about not eating meat . 
  they would love that . 
  right after ? 
  no red swelling or anything ? 
  this guy must have a light hand . 
  put some planes mistaken for stars on there , dude . 
  raddest band ever . 
  earn a black belt in brazilian ju jitsu . 
  awesome . 
  inspiring dude . 
  if i had the chance i 'd go to thailand . 
  tiger muay thai in krabi , possibly . 
  pay your bills . 
  be well behaved , especially around women . 
  do n't be a douchecanoe . 
  and , also : no , absolutley no fucking your buddies ex . 
  beer . 
  fuck yes . 
  when you could easily be a celebritys dad . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  i 've had my drivers licence for longer that i 've have n't had it . 
  yeah , all my time getting tattooed i 've always taken the plastic off pretty fast , then washed it really thoroughly with ph neutral soap . 
  wors like a charm , and they heal up fast . 
  except in the armpit . 
  one to two weeks . 
  depends on the placement and size , if it 's a spot that moves all the time ( knee , elbow etc. ), 
  it takes longer sometimes . 
  i would definately go to that show !, 
  good point . 
  it puzzling to me how these * grown men * who get paid ridiculous amounts of money to simply play football , never seem to understand what posision they are in compared to the people on the stands . 
  if you make close to a million quid per month , and the only things required of you is that you show up for practise , play matches , do what the club asks you to do and finally shut the hell up when some journalist asks you a question ( other than feed them `` good match '' , `` we train to win '' responses ) i ca n't even ... 
  this guy makes more money in three months than i 'll likely make in my whole life , and still he has the audacity to stand there and say `` i 'm unhappy '' , when he gets to play footy for a living is beyond me . 
  get players like thes out of the club , they do damage to the club in the long term . 
  it 's like the tevez saga , you can be a great player like he is , but you will only be remebered for going on strike and behaving like an ass . 
  now yaya wants to join that whiny gang ? 
  fine by me , just doit somewhere else . 
  sell him to psg or whoever will have him . 
  your leg hurts ? 
  it 's not all on him , maybe you suck ? 
  not that kind ... 
  scratch the surface - sick of it all, 
  bein is a noun and should be capitalized , though . 
  agreed . 
  a couple is pretty bad . 
  do it , germany is awesome . 
  not german , btw . 
  all right . 
  i have many friends in munich , great town . 
  personally i like it better in berlin , and further north but bavaria is beautiful . 
  isis rules , i saw them 4 or 5 times , and they were always mindblowing .
