  he 's got pace , creativity , great passer of the ball , great skills and he 's the captain of turkey ( which probably means leadership skills ) . 
  i would think he would be a great challenger for nasri and jesus navas . 
  maybe even milly . 
  he would probably force one of them out of the team imo . 
  having good competition for places in the squad is good , no ? 
  and besides , if we play in europe we need more class players for rotation . 
  plus , the beard is great . 
  you need great beards . 
  `` ping ! '', 
  * lightbulb moment *, 
  did you quit drinking altogether ? 
  i 've been scissor sweeped and ended up on crutches . 
  in europe the calendar week starts mondays . 
  * golf claps * from chefs all over the world, 
  i have no idea , but so far i 've been injured two times and both times it came from sweeps . 
  best : kun, 
  worst : scott sinclair, 
  the wah, 
  i was thinking of getting a mini wah !, 
  you like it ? 
  obviously * a good player * , but he 's not world class . 
  shit for england , last couple of seasons he 's been ... well , average for a team like united . 
  bring on the downvotes . 
  a late seventies sunburst sg . 
  i have a red '74 sg , and i love it . 
  i just think it looks even more stunning in sunburst , plus - it 's rare . 
  i 've only seen one once in real life . 
  i 've been meaning to go to aa , but i do jiu jitsu instead . 
  late to the thread , but i was just wondering if you 've told your hubby about this ? 
  after reading all the comments , and reviewing what happened to you i just wan na say two things . 
  1 ) you must respect the tap . 
  always . 
  no exeptions . 
  that 's on you . 
  fix your attitude . 
  2 ) the gym in mention should not advocate macho bullshit between white belts . 
  that 's on the coach . 
  and it probably means you should switch gyms . 
  i 've had a similar incident happen to me at a * trial class * , and naturally i did not sign up for that gym . 
  please realize the importance of my first point . 
  it 's one of , if not the most important rules of bjj . 
  that would be literal karma . 
  rather the contrary , i would think they take it as a huge compliment . 
  but i 'm pretty sure they are going to ask you for an idea of what you want . 
  so you should at least have a think about * one * idea you caould give them . 
  `` an octopus '' , '' a ship '' or `` the grim reaper '' would be examples of this . 
  a lot of people have no idea what `` socialist '' really mean , and use it wrongly and often totally out of context . 
  an example of this would be somebody calling obama `` a socialist '' , when he is a prime example of a capitalist . 
  obama . 
  `` i inhaled , that was the point '' . 
  i would wash that tattooed area with some antibacterial soap if i were you . 
  in 1938 , laszlo biro patented the ballpoint pen , after becoming fed up with leaky fountain pens . 
  but having taken out a patent for his invention , biro sold it to marcel bich in 1945 , whose company bic pocketed the majority of the cash from the 100 billion that have been sold since . 
  now , that 's some seriously bad patenting . 
  more precisely : koh lanta . 
  thank you for underlining my argument further . 
  he has in no way taken `` big steps '' toward socialism . 
  he is a free market capitalist that merely wants certain basic health care rights for u.s. citizens . 
  implementing universal health care and paying for it by taxes would be closer to socialism . 
  do you see the discrepancies ? 
  socialism is an * economic * model , not a social policy . 
  this subreddit is called `` jokes '' , not `` idiots '' . 
  i bet you that under that suit he 's wearing a turtleneck and chain . 
  fitness , ego check and mental health . 
  i have two kids in the house . 
  i just came home from the gym , and i had a horrible time today , no energy , i just sat on my ass during the drills like i was n't even there . 
  monday was the polar opposite , one of the best sessions in months . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 've recently come back from an ankle injury and was out for a month with that , so maybe going every other day last week has been a little too much for this old geezer . 
  i 'm 38 by the way . 
  manto is pretty cheap , and i 'm really happy with the two rashies i have from there . 
  they 're big too , which is great for sasquatch like dudes like me . 
  german . 
  my german is * awesome * when i 'm drunk . 
  scream for me , reddit !, 
  scream for me !, 
  hang in there bruce !, 
  i was a barkeep for seven years , i can relate . 
  it 's pretty dark at times . 
  the office , mate . 
  uk version . 
  keep her guessing . 
  having joey barton give advice on suitability for captaincy is like having amy winehouse giving advice on sobriety . 
  so you 're against gender equality or what ? 
  i do n't understand how debruyne could not establish himself in this chelsea squad . 
  any chelsea supporters who care to elaborate ? 
  whenever i hear about these * alphas * i always wonder what they really look like . 
  never gon na give you up . 
  a pen, 
  never gon na let you down, 
  i like cerberus , the three headed dog . 
  all the time !, 
  sometimes i 'm like `` fuck this '' , but then i remember to shut the fuck up and enjoy life sum ` thin fierce . 
  you 're going to be broke with all those women my friend . 
  they want presents . 
  hot dogs and tv man . 
  alone time city . 
  the wife , she 's rad and likes the same movies i like . 
  sure , some guy head butted me . 
  that was that .
