  which is nice due to my monkey arms . 
  imgoingtohellforthis . 
  just gross racism and pedo bullshit for these nerds to out-gross each other . 
  weak 4chan material . 
  since gi 's have long sleeves , long sleeves because of actual * rash guarding * . 
  people need to realise that the belt needs to be washed as well . 
  theres no * magic powers * stored in the belt . 
  it 's gross guys !, 
  wash your belts . 
  seriously , wash 'em . 
  every time . 
  staph ... ring worm ... wash the belt !, 
  oi , ease off with the * zero soul * there , bayern munich . 
  what were you doing when i cried with joy when fucking paul dickov scored in the 92 . miunte against gillingham in the '99 play offs ? 
  oh , that 's the same year solskjaer fucking scored against * you lot * in the 92 . minute in some final where you played the rags ... 
  sorry to bring that up . 
  you * tolerate * real madrid , the most soulless football club in the history of football , but you slag off citeh ? 
  when you lot had the biggest `` stars '' in euro footy , i was happy singing danny tiattos name when he got in a good tackle and somehow escaped without a red card . 
  you lot are literally * the wurst *, 
  liverpool seemed much nicer and friendlier . 
  * he 's obviously never been to england * . 
  what 's next , you think birmingham is cozy ? 
  glue them on ? 
  sew them on ? 
  replace the tape if it falls off ? 
  my homicidal tendencies is in inverse ratio to my coffee intake before 8 am . 
  never mind mccourt , how the hell does that defender stay on his feet in the very first aerial duel in the gif ? 
  i hear ya , brother . 
  he just told you it 's not a fjord . 
  it 's an island, 
  no , it 's an peninsula, 
  senja * is * an island . 
  i 'm a huge useless cunt, 
  i 'd gladly make a little less to live and work in spain . 
  or anywhere warm , for that matter . 
  that joke gave me gas, 
  is that joey lauren adams , aka amy from * chasing amy * ? 
  til : they had weed in the 1860 's too . 
  your food sucks !, 
  ( to the french . ), 
  you organize badly !, 
  ( to germans ), 
  you have * got * to be kidding . 
  i 'm married . 
  i do n't know why i 'm on this dating site . 
  take that back right now . 
  the maiden part . 
  the other band fucking blows . 
  see , there you go and do n't acknowledge what kind of doors nirvana opened for those other * good * bands . 
  i do n't care for r.e.m. 
  i know what that is , and that link is staying blue brotherman . 
  hart - kompany - yaya - david silva - aguero . 
  that is very , very weird . 
  i was given a koral light by a higher belt when i started , and i love it , although it 's quite worn . 
  i use it every week . 
  tatami has a size calculator on their page if you want to double check . 
  this is true . 
  i want to see milner play a lot more . 
  too good to be on the bench . 
  also in desperate needs of a nickname on his shirt . 
  touch ' e, 
   literally this . 
  this, 
  the ones that scream * repost * !, 
  you 're literally that kid from class that would * tell * . 
  every single one of your mothers have been doing the sex . 
  a lot . 
  well , let me be the first to say : ok . 
  i disagree . 
  hook , line and sinker, 
  well , sure . 
  but my reasoning behind picking yaya was that he is pretty much good at everything , good passer , creative , scores goals and is a beast . 
  i do n't know if one could ever nullify the physical aspect , but when you say it - having both yaya and vincent on the pitch at the same time maybe is too much . 
  i see your milner , and raise you - jesus navas !, 
  being married is * all about * shits and giggles , in my experience . 
  nicky weaver - danny tiatto - kevin horlock - swp - shaun goater, 
  i brought it , m8 !, 
  milton keynes dongs, 
  art . 
  pasta . 
  dark pasta . 
  how about :, 
  what happened to you socially after `` coming out '' as atheist ? 
  people laughing with other people ? 
  really ? 
  you would hate my gym , everybody is joking around and having fun . 
  well , * laughing at * is not what i read into it . 
  i thought you disliked people joking around . 
  worst . 
  timing . 
  ever . 
  definately ... 
  seconds before the goal i was saying `` hart is man of the match '' to my brother . 
  then ... 
  more fuck . 
  the guy in the green jacket is sleeping on the couch tonight . 
  it 's important to keep focus on the important stuff, 
  * you did that too ? 
  it keeps growing out of my face . 
  sometimes i remember to shave .
