  where does consciousness come from ? 
  6 ' 3 '' , 250 lbs . 
  i love taking my time tying my belt . 
  i also enjoy taking breaks . 
  i also have a decent mustache . 
  i think you 've got it the wrong way round , son . 
  luxury problems.com . 
  `` i had the choice between charlize theron and jennifer lawrence , but charlize 's dad was n't even at the house when i came to pick her up , and later she told me he did n't even ask her how the date went . 
  so disappointing . 
  jenn 's dad was super cool , though , gave me hints on what she liked , where to take her , and stuff . 
  he even pat me on the back , man . 
  super nice . 
  so i went for her '', 
  and 15 years hotter, 
  these are dmub, 
  erupe iz best . 
  fu k the worl, 
  i stupid euro . 
  no get joke, 
  we all dum humans, 
  thomann is legit . 
  trump falling off a wall . 
  i tailored my a4 inverted gear gi , made the arms about 2 '' slimmer . 
  worked perfectly , now my favorite gi . 
  ive had no issues whatsoever , i just told the tailor that its use is pretty heavy handed . 
  no worries at all . 
  i recently got another a4 inverted gear panda , and i 'm gon na have the same place do that same mod to that . 
  they would have to , i guess . 
  but what about just selling it and getting an a3 ? 
  that this is it . 
  this is all life has to offer . 
  did you ask us to answer your question ? 
  then reply with courtesy . 
  capitalism is a system of minority privilege and class rule based on the private ownership of means of livelihood . 
  capitalists praise freedom and individualism , but they destroy freedom and individualism for everyone but themselves . 
  the vast majority of us who work for a living are daily asked to uncritically follow orders , to act as if we are machines , and limit our creativity to what profits our bosses . 
  you 're assuming an awful lot from one sentence there . 
  well , thank you sir . 
  i 'll take being half an asshole any day !, 
  thats one cool tattoo !, 
  is this some kind of trick ? 
  dad ? 
  oa recently, 
  i 'm sorry dave , but i 'm afraid i ca n't do that, 
  that ducati will get roasted, 
  i 'm very handsome . 
  i go by this : a douche is a douche , regardless of belt color . 
  if you 're just trying to be nice ( which you were ? 
  ) , and the individual ca n't handle that because of their ego - big fucking deal . 
  i got better things to do than to baby grown people . 
  you mean * special * special , or special ? 
  mother north, 
  denver, 
  holland !, 
  that is pretty good, 
  obi wan and darth . 
  light sabers . 
  you know the drill . 
  pro tip : fake it till you make it . 
  and do n't be the drunk asshat . 
  satan, 
  if you must , tell them with interpretive dance . 
  when i just started , a nice ( and heavy ) white belt tried to show me how to upa from under full mount , but i was so gassed form just doing the warm up that i tapped and had to take five . 
  it happens . 
  i have a four ingredient rule for pizza . 
  not * what * they are , but you can only have four things , thats including cheese and sauce . 
  60 % of the time , it works all the time . 
  driving an automobile, 
  a lack of critical and respectful discussion from the opposition . 
  if the liberal side ( i 'm a scandinavian `` socialist '' with a university degree , so i guess i qualify ) play the blame game , it will only reinforce the `` alt-right '' . 
  take the way you worded your question for instance . 
  painted into a corner , its easy to reach for the easy solutions . 
  breastfeeding in public, 
  words are hard, 
  my nanny in kindergarten always said `` use your word , dp , use your words '' . 
  on a plain, 
  i 'm against it, 
  patience, 
  my buddy brought me as his wingman to her party , he was into her . 
  it backfired . 
  been with her 12 years , married for 8 , 2 kids . 
  i 'd ask him to explain to people how he 's just a regular dude . 
  i think about 5 % are honest . 
  the rest get into the power . 
  to be honest , we drifted apart . 
  but because of different interests , and life stuff . 
  ... well , i believe in human rights . 
  and fundamentally , taking part in a war ( armed conflict , call it what you will ) means you must be willing to take a life . 
  which means putting out a human life , with all its potential , its thoughts , ideas , etc. 
  and friend of mine is from the states , and his `` pop '' ( its what he calls his grandpa ) fought in the battle of the bulge , and he wo n't speak about it . 
  he only said `` even though we were enemies , you just fired in their direction , and * hoped * you did n't hit anyone '' . 
  i think that speaks volumes . 
  but ultimately , if an invading force was destroying my homeland , taking away my freedom , my mobility and my familys security , i dont know what id do in that instance . 
  i 'm not a pacifist . 
  i just think war is fundamentally a crime against humanity . 
  not the fastest , not the most practical , but she makes my spine tickle . 
  that is well nice ... if i could afford it ( and i was 3 '' shorter ) , id get one in a heartbeat . 
  why touch yourself when you can get a priest to do it ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  question wether i 'm alive ?
