  like ** really ** . 
  i never thought so . 
  i was in denial . 
  i 've been fortunate in my life to be relatively successful in music . 
  the last 15 odd years have been a rollecoaster ride of touring , free drinks , and general debauchery . 
  but i was always unhappy . 
  i was looking thru it with a filter , like i was n't really there . 
  i have n't played a show since quitting drinking , and we 've not toured . 
  i 'm both dreading it when it happens , and also looking forward to the challenge of seeing my life and music with a clear head . 
  i feel like i 've missed so much of this unique experience . 
  i watched the russell brand documentary last night , and what he said about finding true meaning with his life , really resonated with me . 
  what is all this if you ca n't use it for good ? 
  given , i 'm not famous like him , but my band has a following and i now feel like i should use my situation for something good . 
  i 'm ranting . 
  i wo n't drink with y' all today , for good and bad . 
  peace , dp . 
  all my friends are heavy drinkers . 
  i 'm a little isolated as i 've quit drinking , and i 'm trying to find new and interesting ways to have a sober social life . 
  i do martial arts , but i seldom `` connect '' with my training partners , although quite a few of them are very health conscious . 
  tips ? 
  coping skills ? 
  anything , really . 
  thanks . 
  i wo n't drink with you today , good or bad . 
  hi , i watched a louis theroux documentary about alcoholics yesterday . 
  his conclusion really hit me , he said something in the likes of `` most people with an alcohol addicion are deeply hurt , have deep emotional scars , and drinking is their cure . 
  after a while that cure , the medicine , bacomes your infatuation . 
  you fall in love with it . 
  it 's your friend when you 've alienated everyone else . '', 
  i felt that sting quite a bit . 
  always regarded myself as a tough guy , did n't need anybodys help , i 'm closed off to the world . 
  i 've only just realised that it 's a defense mechanism because i feel too much . 
  i 'm haunted by a lot of things , and drinking was certainly my friend when i needed one . 
  and now i miss it like a lost mistress . 
  but i have to remind myself about that specific mistress is a lying , two timing and destructive bitch that wants to see me dead . 
  rant over , i wo n't drink with y' all today , for good or bad . 
  hey , so my employer is cutting costs and my position is probably getting axed come march . 
  i just have to say , now sober , i 'm taking this on the chin . 
  my head is up , and i 'm working hard at getting ahead again . 
  if i were still drinking , i probably would have stuck my head in the proverbial sand ( bottle ) and gotten stuck in a rut . 
  but now ? 
  i 'm beaming with confidence , even in the face of this uncertainty . 
  being sober fucking rules !, 
  keep up the good work , good folks !, 
  what differentiates this `` type '' from `` horoscopes '' ? 
  no offense ( ahem . . ) , i 'm getting a very dodgy feeling when i get categorized like this . 
  i understand that this very argument is very entp , but still . 
  what 's the science here ? 
  eli5 , thanks you !, 
  hi , thinking of getting a hiace for my car no. 2 . 
  i need a van for music and commute , as well as the occasional family outing . 
  and specific weak point to look for apart from the clutch and rust ? 
  i 'm looking at approximately 1997-2002 models . 
  i live in northern europe . 
  thanks !, 
  i feel ready for a liter bike , and my bike of choice would be the speed triple ( r ) because , well i love triumph . 
  i currently ride a 2011 t100 bonnie , and although i love it , it 's slow and it just does n't fit me . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and 250 lbs ( on a good day ) and i fell very cramped on it . 
  so , to the questions :, 
  - is the speed triple a good commuter bike ? 
  i do a mix of b road and highway . 
  what about comfort ? 
  and mileage ? 
  - how powerful is it really ? 
  i mean , how is the power applied , do you get it in the midrange ? 
  is it `` useable '' in day to day riding , because my bonnie is effin useless on the highway . 
  - have any of you guys toured on it ? 
  i imagine finding luggage option that suit the high exhaust will be a challenge . 
  i 'm a big guy . 
  not overweight , just big . 
  i 'm tall and heavy , and i 'm 40 years old so that wo n't likely change . 
  i basically weigh what most guys do with their wife on the back . 
  so , will the speed triple take it ? 
  i mean brakes , power - the works . 
  thanks very much !, 
  i can get one cheap , is it any good ? 
  i heard it can do some other stuff than just `` wah '' , plus i like the idea of an off switch . 
  any of you guys have this ? 
  staphylococcus aureus ( staph ) bacteria are everywhere . 
  many healthy people carry staph bacteria without getting sick . 
  there are more than 30 species in the staph family of bacteria , and they can cause different kinds of illnesses . 
  staph is opportunistic and it needs a way to get into the body , skin that is punctured or broken , a rash , or a cut on your hand . 
  just it 's presence does not guarantee you a staph infection . 
  staph infections can spread among those who live close together . 
  usually from sharing things like bed linens , towels , or clothing . 
  * a belt is clothing *, 
  warm , humid environments are ideal growing conditions and can contribute to staph infections . 
  ( think wet laundry on top of a dryer in the bathroom ) . 
  mrsa is methacillin resistant staph aureus . 
  it is difficult to treat and relatively common though it is typically found in hospitals and nursing homes . 
  most cases of staph are not mrsa , though . 
  please folks , i 'm just a lowly white belt , but i 'm no idiot . 
  wash your fucking belts . 
  there 's no secret magic in that old sweat , it 's just gross and potentially dangerous to your training partners . 
  had a crazy couple months , really tough at times , but sometimes good times come out of the bad times . 
  back in the day i probably would have stuck my head in the sand ( drink ) when being laid off , and i would have missed this great opportunity to get back to school to finish my degree . 
  thought i 'd share . 
  keep up tithe good work , i wo n't drink with you today . 
  being ten months into this , i 've come to realize ( as has a very insightful physician ) that i suffer from panic attacks . 
  probably have all my adult life .
