  * man * i 'm old . 
  in light of all the contemporary shite , i like fugazi even more now than i did at age 14 . 
  the best band in the world that never sold out . 
  break like the wind is * the * best song title of all time . 
  if the cops ca n't find that asshole with all that information , i 'm sure somebody on reddit will find a way . 
  i 'm polite . 
  i 'll hold the door etc. 
  so many callipygians , so little time . 
  money, 
  how about no ? 
  davis st. hubbins , derek smalls and nigel tufnel, 
  that as an adult , you were free to do what you wanted , turns out * kids * are the ones who are free to do what they want . 
  black . 
  i trust it as much as i trust somebody who opens a conversation with the words `` trust me '' . 
  to clarify : absolutely no fucking way in hell there , buddy . 
  a you can see by my flair , i 'm only about a year into bjj . 
  i do however have a background in tkd and i 'm 6 ' 3 '' . 
  i worked as a barkeep for 7 + years , and i 've been in a fair share of heated `` debates '' , but only one ever got violent . 
  in my experience , most people bark , but * very * few actually bite . 
  the ones that do though , are either crazy or know what they 're doing . 
  or both . 
  you better be prepared to * finish the fight * in that case . 
  like i said i was only in * one * real fight , and that started when a guy headbutted me for no reason other than being asked to leave . 
  he got pounded by my regulars , but i felt that headbutt the day after ... 
  tell them you 're going on vacation , marry someone else on that vacation and have them find out thru social media . 
  papiss cisse , i 'm looking at you . 
  the afghan whigs, 
  good signing for the toffeees that . 
  he 's got a horse face . 
  and he 's pretty fuckin good . 
  i was so relieved whan that record was actually * good * . 
  their legacy remains intact . 
  saw them last year , and they were * insanely * good . 
  best show/record last year . 
  mew , a danish progressive `` rock '' band . 
  divers . 
  cringeworthy dive happens . 
  given that putin behaves like a mad man ... 
  igor , their drummer , is a blue belt . 
  turns out that is was it was ... a nice 500 euro repair ... 
  not a band , but tom waits, 
  i would be burned at the stake . 
  he also won the world diving championship every season from 2009 to date . 
  edit : c'mon guys you can do better !, 
  let 's get it down to negative three digits !, 
  i wan na see at * least * -100 !, 
  thanks !, 
  why ? 
  because i have the balls to diss neymar ? 
  he 's a diver mate , along with suarez and dani alves . 
  if they stayed on their feet instead of diving half the time , they would actually be * even better * . 
  no , i think he dives all the time along with alves and suarez . 
  just because you 're 14 and have no other reference than youtube does n't mean you ca n't use your eyes . 
  their starting xi would be top 4 if they could stay injury free . 
  most of the positions have decent backup as well . 
  they should get another manager though . 
  i second the manto rashies . 
  they 're long and seem very well put together . 
  islay single malt, 
  i thought milner would stay . 
  i also thought we would win the league . 
  i was very wrong . 
  `` know '' football ? 
  os cornos do teu pai , mate !, 
  imagine what 's on your keyboards people . 
  behold , the holy hand grenade . 
  he plays the role of snarky old winemaking fart who hates his fans . 
  i like him . 
  when my band drove through lithuania on tour , there was a prostitute on * every single * exit , rest area , dirt road , you name it . 
  they were everywhere !, 
  pogba and a world class left back would be nice . 
  you wo n't outgrow metal . 
  having kids was the single most life changing decision i 've ever made , it 's not something you should be on the fence about . 
  they 're new humans , with their own willpower , feelings and needs , they need 100 % dedication from their parents . 
  it 's a life choice , not a condo in miami . 
  til : christian farmers have way too much time on their hands . 
  pro tip : let the artist draw it . 
  they do roses all day . 
  almost seems like they 're trying to lift xavi , and he 's having none of it . 
  by experimenting on prisones of war and jews , sooooo * ethically * kinda `` dodgy '' there . 
  not all atheists are wiseass know-it-alls . 
  tyrion is chuffed, 
  the orphanage as well , kind of in the same vein . 
  the exorcist is my all time favorite horror movie . 
  and it 's a real mindfuck as well . 
  otoh is fuckin bad ass !, 
  carver to palace news in the near future . 
  i have sparrows where you mentioned and i do n't think your idea is feminine . 
  give him my crap , i 'm insured . 
  paging page hamilton, 
  / r/soccer is full of children who downvote everything, 
  i eat burgers flipped upside down , how d'ya like them apples ? 
  `` say hello to my little frien ' '', 
  smother me . 
  by that i mean : show up wherever i am , ask questions like * who that , did you fuck her ? 
  the other day i tld them that neymar dives ( he does ... a lot ) , and the downvotes were off the charts . 
  like - ex.green beret going on a solo rampage in the jungle to revenge his fallen comrades - off the charts . 
  the kids went nuts . 
  aim for the stars , schteve !, 
  til jesus was a skinny guy who can ` t cross a ball .
