  i just use window cleaner and paper tissues . 
  statistically 3 % of the population is * exclusively * gay , so given that the 20 teams in the premier legue has 25 players , equalling 500 individuals i can safely claim that at the very least there are 10 to 15 gay footballers playing in the top tier in england right now . 
  not that it matters . 
  i ` m sure if only one of them came out , it would certainly help the many , many other gay athletes in normalizing being gay in sports . 
  true , it ` s a small sample , and that ` s why i gave it a 1 % margin of error . 
  i would bet 100 quid there are 10 closeted players in the pl . 
  why wouldn ` t they mirror the general population ? 
  indeed . 
  thanks for your reply , rare to see well formulated sentences and structure on r/soccer !, 
  penny dreadful , true detective and band of brothers, 
  captain . 
  because i point and shout a lot . 
  thanks for your reply , i ` m definately not quitting . 
  it ` s been one of those `` perfect storms '' of family things , friends visiting from abroad etc. 
  i ` ll get my ass up to train tonight . 
  totally . 
  i have two kids and between them and work and all my other stuff it 's been real busy this summer . 
  i spoke to my prof earlier tonight and he was all cool and said i 'm a good student for addressing the issue and he was 100 % sure i 'd be back asap . 
  he said this usually happens with all the dads in summer and he was n't worried about me at all . 
  my prof rules . 
  finish college . 
  my policy is that if i can afford it , i give junkies money . 
  because they sure need that heroin fix way more than any itch i can imagine . 
  my prof is a really cool guy , about my age and there is a lot of banter in our group . 
  we have a lot of jokers at the club , and the prof is one uf them for sure . 
  i wouldn ` t say we are close friends , but theres a great casual athmosphere at the gym and a lot of practical jokes and inside jokes floating around . 
  my coach really sets the whole mood for a great casual group of killer training partners . 
  one other thing he ` s really strict on ( which i think is very cool indeed ) is that the club adheres to a `` come as you are '' mentality . 
  all are welcome regardless of creed , race , gender and sexual preference , and he ` s got a zero tolerance policy on macho bullshit . 
  in general he ` s just a really cool dude , a guy you ` d basically jump in front of a bus for . 
  looks like you are getting draxler . 
  all the hairdressers in munich are now giggling with excitement . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  my non-belief does not interfere with music . 
  for instance , i love a band called wovenhand , which is fronted by an extremely christian songwriter . 
  but the music is simply * heavenly * ( oun intended ) . 
  deadwood, 
  clicking all the nsfw links, 
  yup , joe came from shrewsbury town, 
  either brandon barker , george evans or nacho , hopefully all of them . 
  garcia and pozo too . 
  i 'm also pretty sure the owner has a huge beard , flourescent clothes and a monocle . 
  i wouldn ` t say shocked . 
  he ` s a cunt . 
  newcastle, 
  the exorcist . 
  seeing that fucking film at age 9 was a bad idea . 
  bruce dickinson, 
  don \u00b4 t use the foot brake in the rain . 
  since you say they 're a * problem * i do n't know if i can offer an opinion . 
  some are in dire need of help , and i 'm happy i live somewhere that can assist them . 
  using your turn signal, 
  every winter , buddy . 
  like clockwork . 
  idk what to tell you other than my teacher told me to more or less stay away from the foot brake unless riding on gravel . 
  villa tried that tactic with delph . 
  turns out footballers are fickle little bastards . 
  romario scored over a thousand goals in his career . 
  starnge , given he 's been riding for 30 years and runs a traffic school ? 
  i enjoy spongebob . 
  it has some built in grown up jokes . 
  good strategy when you have to binge watch 25 episodes with your 4 year old . 
  i never got to do the whole solo backpacker thing . 
  i want to do that . 
  i 'm partial to berlin , it 's cheap and has everything i 'm interested in . 
  swp , what a legend . 
  great player , and great hair . 
  getting shot , ouch a little - proceed rest of film without even the slightest pain from getting shot . 
  create a reddit account, 
  rakitic is in the first xi in arguably the best team in the world . 
  so , yes . 
  who ? 
  don ` t quit, 
  obviously i agree on zaba . 
  my point was : rakitic is a starter for fcb , not a rotation player like mathieu . 
  i would jizz my shorts if city signed rakitic , the others wouln ` t make our xi , apart from the chelsea lot . 
  beckham went to preston , when he came back he had an ok career . 
  they probably bought him a cake . 
  a cake makes all the difference . 
  up the irons !, 
  hot water music, 
  r/motorcycles would be a better forum for this question, 
  ah , the ol \u00b4 oil check, 
  michael johnson . 
  now that 's a sad story . 
  3 strikers and 4 attacking mids ? 
  no problem , bro !, 
  that chord sounds wicked in drop c too . 
  shrimp . 
  fuck those pink carrion bastards . 
  sv650 naked . 
  3-5k for commuting . 
  over that when doing twisties . 
  coulda bought arda turan for 1/3 of the price . 
  the strat design is 61 years old . 
  the private kind . 
  the accent that is attached to an attractive female . 
  i do brazilian jiu jitsu and ride my motorbike . 
  and follow the silly season !, 
  i ride a suzuki sv650 , great bike .
