  i too have moved somewhere crap for a woman . 
  i 'm pretty sure van der vaart gets paid more though . 
  my bet is on football . 
  welcome !, 
  better late than never !, 
  i 'm partial to seventh son myself . 
  but all their records are worth 1000 listens . 
  give this cuz some sugar . 
  he 's tripping balls . 
  to me , most media * is * foreign . 
  subtitles are the only way . 
  rad !, 
  as a late starter myself ( at 38 ) , this is very inspiring !, 
  i made two new people with my penis . 
  [ here , you need to read this ( and probably , like ... read more in general ... ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cartesian_self ), 
  well , we all had to take entry level philosophy ay uni . 
  lots of back takes , triangles and top mounts , i assume ? 
  the thumbnail looks like it was on a bed of bacon . 
  cpr, 
  ergo : bacon, 
  we have plenty of these where i live , i 'll catch up and hear that lawnmower sound and go `` oh , yeah buddy '' . 
  we have to resist this regression into a petty , fragmented brand of politics rooted in resentment and fear . 
  we 're staring into an abyss and we need to stare back and try to propose something positive . 
  this is the main challenge for the 21st century . 
  that 's exactly the kind of polarization we do n't need . 
  look , first : i 'm from norway . 
  republicans are probably the farthest from my political views you could get . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  but my point is not wether republicans , muslims , whoever ... are the `` enemy '' . 
  we have a party with that ultra conservative agenda here too , and they 're in government right now . 
  my point is : i 've never `` turned '' a right wing individual ( be it libertarian , or more uninformed like the `` alt right '' version ) by demonizing their agenda . 
  as a liberal ( i 'm guessing you 're in my camp ) we have to argue , find common ground and try to work together to find a solution . 
  taking an elitist , or holier than thou route has n't worked . 
  look at hilary . 
  we have `` hilarys '' in norway too . 
  and `` alt righters '' ca n't stand them , they find them patronizing and ca n't understand their agenda . 
  as you know , there 's a wave of anti-establishment sentiment sweeping across europe and the united states . 
  in some ways , this is positive because you need a level of criticism in society . 
  and i think that is where we are today -- there 's a rejection of elites , of the establishment , of authority itself . 
  this is dangerous because there 's a kind of nihilism behind it . 
  there 's not really a positive project that comes out of it . 
  it 's just a resounding `` no '' and it 's not clear what comes next . 
  and this is what we 've seen both in the uk and obviously in america with trump 's campaign , which is wrapped up in white nationalism . 
  we can , of course , argue about the causes of the resentment , but there 's no question that it 's there and that it 's fueling the populist reactionaries . 
  all of this is definitely a big wake up call for people who consider themselves liberals . 
  we know the world has changed , and we ca n't go back to the way it was before . 
  so now we need to have the strength to look at what 's happening and be able to formulate something that can come out of it . 
  all the stuffs . 
  if you plan to have an open bar , beware . 
  most peoples use of the word `` respect '' . 
  not * all * i would say , but at least after the enlightenment ... so lets say for the last 4 centuries . 
  buy one of those plastic novelty turds on his tank and weigh your note down with it , note saying `` park inside the lines , or next time it 's a real turd '' . 
  noooope, 
  my condolences, 
  garbage men, 
  with ketchup, 
  now you 're just talking out off your ass , mister, 
  eating the pink sperm carrion infesting our seas . 
  otherwise knows as shrimp . 
  especially on pizza . 
  god !, 
  do n't get me started on pineapple on pizzas . 
  i often wonder if he has moments of clarity . 
  you know , like alcoholics do . 
  maybe he has those brief moments of insight where he thinks to himself `` wow , i 'm an absolute douche canoe , i 'm actually a non-human '' . 
  and then gets back to tweeting about crowds or his birthday or whatever . 
  not mine luckily . 
  and where exactly do you think i live ? 
  i 'll take it as a motivation toward purple . 
  no , it 's white !, 
  black belt in what ? 
  it matters . 
  is n't win butler 6 ' 7 '' or something ? 
  no , but i bought a p-bass for my wife and the literal first thing that happened when she played it at home was the strap fell off the back peg and the body landed square on tiled floor , the entire corner of paint where the jack is peeled off . 
  looks cool though . 
  it would be a whole lot easier commenting on r/soccer i 'll tell you . 
  hamann , elano , petrov , steve ireland , garrido , vassell ... those were the days . 
  1988 was a great year for heavy metal . 
  metallica - ... and justice for all , iron maiden - seventh son , slayer - south of heaven , anthrax - state of euphoria , carcass - reek of putrefaction , danzig - danzig , in fact , i 'll just put on south of heaven now . 
  i do to my guitars . 
  make moves on their so . 
  but why male models ? 
  hear me now : there should be an additional card between yellow and red . 
  the yellow and red keep their meaning , but the introduction of a third card means you 're out of the game for ... let 's say 15 minutes . 
  it 's a `` mild red '' , it does n't destroy the game for the team that gets the card , and games get fairer . 
  there 's * punishment * , but not the straight red . 
  let 's call it `` orange card '' . 
  he 's got the best goals per minute ratio of any player in the prem . 
  a goal per 96 minutes . 
  he 's worth what for instance leicester paid for slimani . 
  or ... five mil * less * that what spurs pais for sissoko ... 
  edit : forgot i was on r/soccer . 
  look guys , he did n't play much this season , but he played 753 minutes in the 15/16 season and scored 8 . 
  edit2 : jeezus , -71 and counting . 
  everything i posted is a fact . 
  you lot are children . 
  i was already hooked by 1985 , luckily . 
  like in hockey !, 
  have n't had the pleasure in person , but hes welcome at city anytime , i assume . 
  you know , most people manage to write two sentences without implying sexual assault .
