  british page 3 girl with some inspiring photos . 
  this was in the late eigthties . 
  i 'm not a councelor , but sounds like you need to get some help . 
  i could n't possibly know the details of your case . 
  i was just a warden . 
  you each are assigned a patient for the shift . 
  you are the primary for this person , you deal with their scedule and try to help out . 
  i 'm not a doctor , so i 'm not involved in medication . 
  i just talk to them , and try to ease their predicament in what way can by being a non judgemental and safe `` normal '' person they can relate to . 
  after a while you get to know the patients , and you know their little quirks and whatnot , so you plan your interaction accordingly . 
  it 's not anything like white coats and straight jackets . 
  that shit is for the movies . 
  god, 
  when we abandoned the hunter-gathererer way of life for agriculture . 
  `` what do you mean * restraining order * ? '', 
  gravity is an observation ? 
  the plural of fish is fish, 
  some people dress up in furry animal suits and have sex, 
  still a natural law, 
  they sure do, 
  favorite book ? 
  the ice is getting thinner , my friend . 
  gravity will play its role regardless of humans observing it . 
  if this is the `` reality is only a mirror of your senses '' argument , sure . 
  you have a point , but some things innature , like gravity is definite . 
  i 've read neither . 
  which one do you reccomend i read first ? 
  george carlin, 
  thanks anyway , both seem really interesting !, 
  jesus ( yup , that jesus ) was probably married , had kids too . 
  and his mother mary * most likely * did n't have a virgin birth either . 
  you know , because of his father probably being joseph , his dad . 
  he most likely had siblings too . 
  first , remember to log off your reddit account before your trolling kid brother comes home from school . 
  the cold war ending in the late eighties . 
  too bad it looks like they 're really trying to get it back . 
  lee harvey oswald, 
  finish school . 
  when you 're older you do n't have the time . 
  i 've spent quite a lot of time in the us though , and i think a lot of europeans do n't realise how enormously different the country is from coast to coast , north to south . 
  it 's like comparing , say , greece to iceland and thinking it 's the same culture and people . 
  it 's not . 
  also , a lot of americans get shit for not `` paying attention '' to world affairs , but honestly , when you get bombarded with information like you do in the us , it 's hard to even keep track of whats going on on the state you 're currently in . 
  yeah , but do you want both ? 
  thats what we are looking at now . 
  oldest virgin ever , right ? 
  * we * understand that , but a lot of truck driving bible thumpers claim this to be a * conspiracy against christianity * . 
  my father , for instance . 
  looks like he 's really trying to show off his tattoos . 
  technically you could register her for the kentucky derby, 
  she did go to mcd 's after the orcars and waffled down a burger with the statue on the table . 
  in the big ass gown . 
  i 'd mahahaa her just for that . 
  used drums , new cymbals . 
  that 's my m.o, 
  surprised to see iran on this list . 
  there 's hope after all . 
  they 're obviously watching porn . 
  true virgin birth . 
  this boy is messiah !, 
  translated : `` i have expressed my pleasure at being paid a shit ton of money for sitting on the bench '', 
  edit : before the rest of you hop on the downvote choo-choo train , every single club competing in the pl is a * buying club * , and i do realize that my club is now overflowing with cash - but - this is a huge one : do n't you think a player should * strive to actually play ? * . 
  winston bogarde comes to mind ... 
  my 3 year old daughter sings it non stop . 
  yes , the glorious years between 1967 and 2012 * really * spoiled us . 
  i 'm 38 years old . 
  so i could easily have been your father . 
  what are you young people doing these days ? 
  you all seem so ... adult ? 
  if i locked my car . 
  op is asking for * answers * , not a referance to a fairytale . 
  god as a social construct , as a political tool for social control . 
  the ones that ended with sex . 
  from 1976 to date . 
  [ sprockets ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzmogyr1bfu ), 
  playground win . 
  and elano and jo too , they all flopped . 
  chuffed we are actually holding on to players now ... 
  legend . 
  what a dick . 
  he 's got his business ma next year i think , so after he plays for us 10 more seasons , wins the league , all cups and the champions league , he can take over as chairman . 
  thats it , i 'm getting a kompany kit . 
  the snitch . 
  in the movies they know * everything * . 
  in real life , not so much . 
  fights in movies usually consist of 10 - 15 `` rounds '' where hero and villain somehow maintain consciousness after direct hits to the face , getting knee 'd , kicked etc. 
  in real life , fights last five seconds , and the winner has a broken hand . 
  bjj high school ? 
  staying sober . 
  i typed this with my left hand . 
  happy leftie day !, 
  my instructor goes , `` hey pregui\u00e7oso '' , and i was * stoked , finally a nickname * until i learned it 's portuguese for `` lazy '', 
  every day . 
  plain and simple . 
  relax putin, 
  * someone * rising from the dead and thus * saving * mankind, 
  do not tailgate , indicate where you are going and go about the same speed as the others . 
  shouting between rooms . 
  i cant stand it .
