  i think some white belts ( myself included ) feel a certain pride when they progress , and a stripe is a big deal , especially at first . 
  now , do n't look at my flair when i say this , i personally do n't care about rank that much . 
  i 've trained for about two years , and i catch more experienced guys occationally ( seldomly ) , but newer white belts ? 
  most of the time . 
  i know i 've progressed far in the short time i 've trained . 
  i do n't need the stripe to tell me this . 
  but in comparison to say : you - a purple belt saying this ? 
  i think you 've missed the point . 
  the fact is that most white belts never make it to even the first stripe . 
  sticking with it takes many different things from the student , but also the support of senior belts . 
  by that i mean : not being superior and talking down to them , belittling the fact that their small vicories do n't matter in the long run . 
  as a senior belt , you guys have a responsibilty toward * sustaining * the newbies in the group . 
  that 's part of it . 
  and mind you , this is n't the white belt talking . 
  this is the 40 year old dad , who works in management and deals with 30 empoyees on a daily basis , new and experienced . 
  i 'm thankul that the experienced blues and purples at my gym have helped me , and not fronted stuff like op just posted . 
  thanks for reading . 
  tl : dr : seniority means you take care of the newbies , that 's a big part of the deal . 
  not knowing what they 're writing about . 
  hemingway once said `` all you have to do is write one true sentence . 
  write the truest sentence that you know . '' bullshitting seeps thru the fabric . 
  my wife owns a lingerie shop . 
  needless to say , she has entire closets full of the stuff . 
  i still just wan na take it off as soon as possible . 
  thanks for lumping all men into one box . 
  good music would be nice . 
  whooop !, 
  be sober . 
  ryan giggs is the first person in history to have both played and managed man utd and slept with his brother 's wife . 
  you live and learn !, 
  and anderson ? 
  i just wan na know what really happened to rooneys hair ? 
  caretaker, 
  i thought that was ours yesterday, 
  etihad means `` united '' , so we already burned ourselves, 
  aderabiyo as well , looks solid, 
  kinda boring , innit ? 
  ok , german rap fan, 
  shit match , boring as hell . 
  shit pitch . 
  pulisic scores . 
  front page . 
  too soon ? 
  the owner of this jeep has a polka dot dress and blue hair with pigtails and/or bangs . 
  think rimmed glasses as well , obviously . 
  map key please, 
  prolly was, 
  darron gibson , irish xavi . 
  yes , what a dumb post . 
  * what i meant was * : when you write something that is true , like the bad guy wins , the girl ends up with the jock ( not the nerd ) etc. 
  it echoes real life , and thus is * true * , get it ? 
  thinking is hard , innit ? 
  that 's what his brother said, 
  my biggest concern is what your candidates foreign policy is , and how they will implement that policy . 
  trumps is just plain scary , and hillary is just * more of the same * . 
  in this case , i 'll apply a little game theory and say : with hilary things will probably remain as is , fucked up but fine . 
  with trump we may end up with the hillary scenario , or possibly end up with a serious clusterfuck . 
  yes , yes we would . 
  what friends ? 
  fist fights that last forever . 
  if you get punched in the face irl , the fight is over 95 % of the time . 
  crystal pepsi, 
  dude , i would kick my own 2014 ass so much . 
  `` real knowledge is to know the extent of one 's ignorance '' - confucius, 
  this needs to be higher up, 
  comparatively my penis is small , but according to statistics i 'm doing all right . 
  so confusing . 
  not german plate , the id clearly says `` i '' , eu code for italy . 
  stay away from these . 
  the bridge sucks . 
  besides , how would * anybody * mistake this finish and color scheme for a seventies model ? 
  no problem , and for everybody else : that blue space on the left on euro plates gives country code so you can tell where it 's from . 
  hey , everybody the trump voters are here . 
  mexican trump voters are the sexiest !, 
  are bernie supporters coming in for trump in * protest * of hillary ? 
  that is absolutely ridiculous . 
  i dreamt my father had snake scales for skin . 
  it was really fucking creepy , and since this was in my teens ( i 'm 40 ) it was scary enough to stick with me for 25 years . 
  kaylee was the real star . 
  never mind the bikes , where did you get your boots ? 
  that link wo n't let me use it . 
  thanks !, 
  mo enjoyed promotion to the pl so much he 's going for it again !, 
  life choices, 
  this whole record slays, 
  tragedy slays too, 
  mint, 
  we should sign more wingers . 
  only if two of them think it 's ok to sit on the bench though . 
  in other news , the pope is catholic . 
  time to put a tenner down on hull winning the league . 
  explains iceland at the euros !, 
  drunk steve forgot this was all over reddit * and * facebook yesterday, 
  no borders . 
  and before you downvote , consider this . 
  nations and borders , much like money , is perpetuating the power of those with money to keep people without power and money fighting each other over land and resources instead of fighting to redistribute the wealth evenly . 
  these days it 's * password *, 
  must have been walking into a silent store , getting whatever i needed without having to endure some young steve vai shredding and sweeping passionately on a 7 string monstrosity . 
  it 's not like the banana already came with packaging from nature . 
  not at all .
