  that 's the name ? 
  i 'm getting that !, 
  are there any `` step-by-step installation guides '' for idiots out there ? 
  yes it does !, 
  yup , that was my next suggestion ... 
  alternatively , we could give some eds players valuable first team experience , play lopes and give fuck all about signing anybody except a center half and a left back ? 
  yup . 
  to myself . 
  whoa , found the heckler, 
  that always worked really well for england, 
  `` i ca n't believe we got 14 mil for schweinsteiger '', 
  because i had the gift of vision . 
  you ok bro ? 
  met bruce springsteen once . 
  we talked about bands , and how the festival we were at was cool . 
  he was there because max weinbergs son played for against me !, 
  at the time , and my band was playing the same festival . 
  he was pretty cool , and talked to us for a good while . 
  never been more star struck though . 
  those forensic detective shows getting dna and fingerprint results in * minutes * . 
  cabaye at palace . 
  not * unsung * per se , but still . 
  how many times is dani alves changing his number ? 
  this is the 3rd i can remember at barca . 
  because that 's his position ? 
  i know . 
  but try picking an * unsung * plyer at city ... 
  closest is demichelis , and he 's more bayern than anything ... 
  when clutch is in . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a little low , but well over the `` low '' mark . 
  i 'll research how to tighten the clutch . 
  one uppers . 
  office small talk . 
  the dry humor . 
  kill me now . 
  with boiling water . 
  deadwood, 
  good one, 
  i too want to know this , i ride in an armored jacket , full face helmet , boots and gloves - but i 've still not gotten armor pants because the ones i want are so goddamn expensive . 
  that 's so cool , makes me wish my dad rode bikes too !, 
  ah , the one dollar bill - the most useless money ever . 
  ever been out drinking in the states ? 
  eventually you have 31 of these in your wallet . 
  and i tip !, 
  you must * always * reciprocate a round of drinks, 
  i think one can be `` spiritual '' without basing it in religion , for instance many a philosophy major will almost sound like he 's found some higher meaning . 
  things are about to get messi, 
  xavi , iniesta , xabi alonso , scholes , vieira , lampard , zidane , seedorf , gerrard , pirlo , david silva and last but not least charlie adam , of course . 
  agreed . 
  i wear a 1.6 , its very good . 
  its kind of funky now , so im getting a new one just like it . 
  i strongly reccomend washing it after every use . 
  david silva, 
  argentina replica kit with `` 10 '' on the back . 
  i didnt say maradona , but it was a maradona shirt to me . 
  thanks , will do !, 
  about time . 
  on a rainy night, 
  dare i say : man united, 
  hierro was not in his prime, 
  ravanelli to boro, 
  why not just spell `` bike '' ? 
  my health, 
  one uppers, 
  i slept 3 hours the night before my wedding . 
  i was so nervous that when my buddies came to pick me up , i had already spilled coffee all over my white shirt and had been pacing the living room panicking . 
  they keep bringing this up , even now six years later . 
  everything is going to be fine . 
  i made the speech , had no plan and had everyone in tears , including myself . 
  the dance went well too , do n't worry about it . 
  everything will be fine , everybody there wants this to be your perfect day , and besides : everybody is looking at the * bride * , so again , do n't worry . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  lopes and nacho are sticking with their nfl numbers i see ... 
  we can still recall him at xmas , right ? 
  i 'd have to say almost every greg dulli lyric hits me a little too close to home . 
  bring back the gladiators , old school style . 
  you got ta love the boss . 
  architect, 
  it 's a game of tactics . 
  i like watching it , but all the breaks are very annoying . 
  too bad they only put out one record and an ep . 
  you 're hot , take me home . 
  i really liked joan of arc back then too . 
  * lots * and black . 
  i do n't remember if i cried , but kurt cobain dying when i was 17 was a bummer . 
  all right !, 
  rene descartes walks into a resturant and sits down for dinner . 
  the waiter comes over and asks if he 'd like an appetizer, 
  `` no thank you '' says descartes , `` i 'd just like to order dinner '', 
  `` would you like to hear our daily specials ? '', 
  asks the waiter, 
  `` no '' says descartes , getting impatient, 
  `` would you like a drink before dinner ? '', 
  the waiter asks, 
  descartes is insulted , since he 's a tee-totaler, 
  `` i think not ! '', 
  he says indignantly , and poof !, 
  he disappeared . 
  `` the world is six thousand years old '',
