  well , he has . 
  and we did !, 
  cheers !, 
  with both my kids i tied a cord to my toe , and the other end to the crib so i could sit and watch tv while still rocking their crib . 
  i just wiggled my foot back and forth . 
  win . 
  i 'm married , so i do n't even remember . 
  obama - * he tried * . 
  we were both sixteen and it was a glorious 30 seconds , followed by a lot of awkwardness . 
  why does this question get asked * every week * ? 
  why are you so obsessed with atheism ? 
  it 's not a cult . 
  we are normal people . 
  i just do n't believe in an almighty being that dishes out `` the truth '' to a select few while the rest of us are supposed to burn forever . 
  wheres the logic in that ? 
  what about people who never hear about religion , yet live a morally just life ? 
  does `` he '' not love them , yet * all * beings are his creation ? 
  these are the questions religion could not answer for me . 
  i 'm not a member of a secret cult , we do n't congregate . 
  we do n't want to turn you . 
  we just think for ourselves . 
  i do n't preach my views to anybody , this occation excluded . 
  the burden of evidence lies on the religious , with their lofty claims . 
  not me . 
  i just try to live a good life . 
  this life , not `` the next '' . 
  you were n't born with the ability to read either , you were taught that . 
  just like you were taught religion . 
  you missed his point . 
  if you were born in india , you 'd be a hindu . 
  born in saudi ? 
  a muslim . 
  it 's a human creation . 
  he 's dead . 
  died in 2003 . 
  i like them crooked vultures . 
  and if one could count sebadoh as a side project to dinosaur jr. , theres always that . 
  and i like the dead weather even better than those you mentioned . 
  that dude is * great * at naming his bands . 
  and backed by three member of isis ( the band , not the lunatics ) . 
  damn , thats right !, 
  i just went back to being neutral towards liverpool . 
  well done , klopp . 
  don ` t worry . 
  kun will only play 25 games this season but still be top scorer in the league . 
  kowloon is fucking awesome . 
  check them out . 
  they 're right in between unsane and neurosis . 
  and besides as far as converge are concerned , kurt is their producer and main song writer , so you can definately * trust * him when it comes to musical reccomendations . 
  the guy is a fuckin prodigy . 
  kowloon are one of those bands with a pretty original sound and that is pretty hard to categorize . 
  you 'll only get so close . 
  try ken mode , unsane , the first helmet record , fight amp , zozobra , helms alee & old man gloom for starters . 
  what the fuck is up with the music ? 
  sweet lord , what did you do to them ? 
  black ipa, 
  typical city, 
  no , it 's shite kid . 
  i know that , op was looking for a suitable sub . 
  gandalf . 
  he was a wizard . 
  you mean the understudy guitarist for u2 , `` edgy '' ? 
  or you posting on r/nitpicker, 
  still , `` typical city '' means something else when you 're blue . 
  you know that , being united . 
  he 's still universally recognised as their longest serving and most defining singer . 
  stephen colbert might have a spot for him . 
  he was also a world class fencer . 
  apparently 200000 pounds per week couldn ` t remind him he was appreciated . 
  he wanted cake too . 
  many porn stars can relate to this quote . 
  edit : come on r/soccer , let ` s get this unfunny joke down to at least -50 !, 
  edit 2 : come on !, 
  you can do it !, 
  only 15 more !, 
  edit 3 : wow !, 
  my most downvoted post ever !, 
  thanks !, 
  lets make it -100 !, 
  we can do it !, 
  probably swp . 
  vida looks just like nedved . 
  and modric looks just like cruyff . 
  kind of freaks me out a little . 
  even carlin bombed once in a while . 
  ask the debeers marketing team . 
  my penis . 
  triumphs with arrow pipes . 
  thanks !, 
  they think thats us now . 
  the real tragedy is that you take reddit seriously , rag brother man, 
  give it a couple years , we 'll get there !, 
  he 's dead . 
  inverted gear . 
  best pants ever . 
  and i like the panda . 
  he 's badly hurt , then . 
  cold turkey . 
  i quit in 2005 . 
  my tip is really , * really * , simple : i 've figured that if i cave and start smoking again it will most likely take about five years to quit again .
