  i do n't tour as much as i used to anymore , but most of my friends and connections are through the music world . 
  alcohol is pretty commonplace and almost `` required '' in a sense . 
  i also work ( still do ) as a barkeep to make ends meet . 
  which pretty much means i 'm around booze all week . 
  most my friends are heavy drinkers . 
  thing is , i 'm sick of drinking . 
  really fucking sick of it . 
  i do n't enjoy it , i get hangovers that are way worse than i used to . 
  it 's like my body is telling me to stop . 
  i have 2 kids , i 'm married and i wan na be a better father and husband . 
  i 'm always tired/hung over or cranky because of working nights and `` self medicating '' after . 
  i drink alone like 70 % of the time . 
  i 'm more outgoing sober than i am drunk . 
  i actually experience the reverse of `` normal '' people , i get introspective and more depressed while drinking . 
  it ' slike pulling down a curtain in front of my eyes . 
  i always have at least 4 craft beers and a couple of whiskys , maybe 2 - 4 nights a week . 
  drinking the `` good stuff '' , because being a beer and whisky snob makes it better somehow . 
  it 's really not . 
  i feel weird typing this out , because i have n't really admitted this before to anyone . 
  my wife wants me to `` cut back '' , but i think you all know what that really means . 
  my new years resolutions involve getting back in shape ( i 'm already working out pretty hard ) and cutting down on the booze , but i do n't really know how to stay sober . 
  i 'm exposed to it all the time . 
  i tried having rules like `` only drink once per month '' , but that stuff never works and i end up breaking the rules because of this party ot that show i have to go to . 
  i 'm fed up . 
  and ` i 'm fed up with being fed up . 
  first step , and this came to me while i was drunk last night , is to quit bartending . 
  i do n't know if i have a problem , or what i 'm really looking for . 
  any advice ? 
  i 'm just tired and needed to vent . 
  i think i 'm depressed . 
  thanks for reading this . 
  hi drummit , i 'm in the market for a double bass pedal . 
  looking at iron cobra etc. 
  what 's your pedal of choice , and what do you like about it ? 
  cheers, 
  hello , so my ankle got busted last night . 
  x-rayed it , and it 's just really banged up . 
  luckily no breaks or tears . 
  anyway , doctor orders i have to stay off the mats for 4 weeks . 
  what can i do , except work on upper body strength and watch youtube videos ? 
  i would like to take this time to work * around * the mangled foot , but i have to wear a big brace for a while , so rolling is out of the question . 
  any drilling tips ( or anything , really ) would be greatly appreciated !, 
  thanks !, 
  did any of you guys quit ( or moderate ) drinking alcohol for bjj , and what were the benefits in that case ? 
  thanks, 
  i 'm bored . 
  i quit my bartending job to stay sober . 
  all my ( two ) friends only want to drink and hang out in bars , so i ca n't do anything remotely `` social '' . 
  i 'm staying home with my wife and kids . 
  all the time . 
  i 'm starting to think of ways to sabotage this for myself , simply because `` it 's what i do '' . 
  i fuck up . 
  maybe i should pick up dip again , just to have something , you know , a little `` wrong '' . 
  i 'm rambling . 
  does anybody recognise this feeling ? 
  i work in theater . 
  i do lights . 
  we have a play opening tomorrow , and the whole crew , staff and actors are going to have this huge premiere party after the show tomorrow . 
  i 'm on the low regarding my sobriety , i do n't really talk about it to colleagues . 
  has n't come up . 
  what to do ? 
  i really wan na go to this thing . 
  i 've been busting my ass to get this show up and running , but i really do n't wan na drink . 
  suggestions ? 
  staying away from the party is sort of career suicide . 
  i 'm a fucking weak person . 
  i had 5 beers ( honestly , five ) at this opening night party thing yesterday . 
  i only blame myself . 
  i have a couple of training partners that * love * stacking me when we roll ( i 'm a bigger dude , 6 ' 3 '' , 220-ish ) . 
  this fucks my back up about 50 % of the time . 
  how to counter getting stacked ? 
  cheers . 
  hey , sorry for posting another one of these , buuut my birthday is coming up soon and i wan na treat myself to a new gi . 
  i 've narrowed it down to either the inverted gear panda * or * the flow kimonos pro . 
  any of you larger gentlemen have experience with these brands ? 
  for reference , i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , and about 230 - 235lbs depending on how many burgers i ate that day . 
  cheers ,, 
  got a heel in the head yesterday , and did n't think much of it until my nose gushed out blood about two minutes after . 
  had a severe headache after practise , and a very bad night . 
  went to the doc this morning , and i have a minor concussion and was ordered to bed with two days sick leave ( today and tomorrow ) . 
  i 'll be back at work on monday . 
  anybody here have experience with concussions , and any advice on how long one should stay off the mats ? 
  thanks, 
  first post , and i 'm a new rider , i 've never owned a bike . 
  i 've decided on getting the sv 650n . 
  i 'm looking at a pretty stock '03 with 36000km on it ( 22500 miles ) or a '04 with 48000km ( 30000 miles ) which is pretty modified . 
  both are around 4500 euro ( 5.300 usd ) , bikes are expensive where i live . 
  gut feeling says the '03 is the one . 
  do you guys have any specific tips/things i should look for ? 
  any tips greatly appreciated . 
  thanks !, 
  she 's got 36.000 km on her , delkevich exhaust , rizoma bars and i 'm teeming to go ride !, 
  so , when i go slow ( 10 mph ) i sort of feel a `` lag '' in the steering , it 's from when i go straight to make a slow turn . 
  it almost feels like there 's a little resistance before it `` let 's go '' and let 's me turn . 
  is this just a sv thing ? 
  my school bike ( a honda cb650 ) was brand new though , but it did n't behave like that , and those two are the only bikes i 've ridden . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'd hate to see milner and dzeko go . 
  i wish kolarov would stay too . 
  with all the rumours about outgoing players , who 's really going ?
