  rolled with 5 times , washed cold . 
  pm if interested . 
  paypal and shipping in europe . 
  bids 80 euro or more . 
  i 'm a 38 year old , married father of two . 
  i 'm a musician , and i have been on some kind of `` musicians schedule '' for the last 15 or so years , which basically means : no stable income , months of touring , and * lots * of drinking and weed smoking . 
  plus , when i was home i was working in bars ... now , i stopped smoking weed a long time ago , and i even quit smoking cigarettes 8 or 9 years ago . 
  now , to the point : lately ( the last couple of years to be honest ) i 've been thinking that i drink too much . 
  i get way more hung over these days , and i feel the effects of a real bender for two days or more . 
  i would guess i drink maybe 10 to 30 beers per week . 
  plus whisky . 
  more if i 'm on tour , then it 's more 20 * per day * . 
  i 'm big ... 6 ' 3 '' and 240 lbs . 
  i 've started working out and i really wan na lose the extra weight and get in shape for my family , and my wife * really * thinks i should quit , or a least cut down . 
  thing is , i 'm an * all or nothing * guy . 
  when i smoked , i smoked 30 a day . 
  so i 'm thinking it 's either go completely sober or nothing . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  thanks, 
  edit : thanks for all your input , i 'm really happy you 've all decided to share your experiences with me . 
  as far as the 90 day sober challenge , i 'm gon na do it . 
  i 'm going to start right now . 
  i 'm quite stubborn , i can make it 90 days , i 'm 100 % positive about that . 
  after that , hopefully i will see some changes . 
  what i hate most about the alcohol is the feeling that it * defines * who i am , and i want to change that . 
  i do n't care if i lose friends over it . 
  like slipacre said here `` just asking the question is significant '' , and like jdoctorick added `` someone without a problem never thinks to ask what you 've asked '' . 
  that put it into perspective for me . 
  thanks again everybody !, 
  i 'm 38 , started bjj in june , and i 'm going to compete at white belt ( heavy weight , 97,5 kg + + + ) in a local , small comp in mid september . 
  i 'm participating to have fun , get a feel of what it 's like * and * for the challenge . 
  - any tips regarding strategy ? 
  - or any special preparation thingys ? 
  thanks a million in advance , guys . 
  le e-u . 
  i 've had several friends pass away , in fact one who passed away this very summer just had his birthday pop up in the `` events '' , and it was very strange and emotional . 
  so , i 'm a musician and was doing well with not drinking . 
  had 20 days off and going strong . 
  then we arrived at the venue last night . 
  we have quite the rider . 
  needless to say , i got drunk again . 
  this is harder than i thought . 
  i 'm disppointed about how quickly i started drinking after arrriving at the venue . 
  it was like i did n't give myself a choice , and i thought everybody was enabling , at the very least . 
  not helping - at worst : actively trying to pursuade me to have a drink . 
  i have a white koral mkm ( a4 ) , it 's too big for me . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and about 240lbs . 
  i 've rolled in it maybe 5 times . 
  it will not shrink one iota . 
  this gi will be * perfect * for 6 ' 4 '' guys , same weight class as i. 
  i 'm in northern europe , i 'll ship it within the eu , or within reason . 
  pm me and we will make out a deal . 
  i just want this baby to be used , guys . 
  hi , my back is out ( again ... second time this last month ) , do you guys have any tips for what i can train when out with a sprained back ? 
  thanks !, 
  i get gassed way too early , but i really loathe jogging . 
  any tips would be greatly appreciated . 
  i 'd go swimming , but i 'm allergic to chlorine , so pools are not an option . 
  thanks !, 
  so , i got caught in a scissor sweep and busted up my calf muscle pretty bad . 
  doctor says no muscle tears , but there is major swelling and a little internal bleeding . 
  in other words , i ca n't train for a couple weeks . 
  what can i do to keep my fitness up ? 
  i ca n't really do any standup movements at all . 
  any tips greatly appreciated . 
  thanks guys !, 
  ... apart from huge tips , obviously . 
  so i know all too little about wine . 
  yet , the new place i work at has quite the wine map , and guest tend to ask `` does that go with this ? 
  '' , `` is that one dry ? 
  '' , `` can i drink this while discussing star trek episodes ? '', 
  does anybody here have a way to remember the different regions in france for example . 
  just simple things so i can say * something * and not sound like a toddler . 
  i know my beer and whisky , but this wine business is the worst . 
  anything would be greatly appreciated !, 
  hi , i 'm looking for a v70 wagon now that my second child was born . 
  i 'm looking at 2004 - 2005 's mainly , and need help and tips for problems to look out for in that age bracket . 
  i 've heard volvo had transmission problems and electronics issues in that time period . 
  it need to have automatic transmission and i do n't want the diesel . 
  any hints and tips would be greatly appreciated . 
  i 'm in northern europe btw . 
  thanks !, 
  hi , so strange question maybe , but recently the blues ( and the * better * whites ) have been rolling * a lot * harder with me . 
  given , i am a big dude ( 6 ' 3 '' about 250 ) , but i * really * take care not to spaz , and i focus almost solely on my guard and my defensive moves . 
  i honestly believe i 'm not * that big guy that only uses strength * . 
  they 're all really cool guys , and a lot of the time they will compliment me after rolls like `` wow , you 're getting hard to sub '' , `` man , i could not get out of your grips '' etc. 
  it 's a really friendly place . 
  so to repeat the question : why do you guys think people rolling ** way ** harder with me now ? 
  even our prof , a good black belt , really went balls out with me on tuesday . 
  i 'm fucking black and blue . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm thinking of getting a new gi , and as many of us are , i 'm right in between two sizes . 
  now , koral and manto a3 fits me perfectly . 
  anybody here have experience with the atama mundial 9 ? 
  is it like the koral size-wise ? 
  does it shrink ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , about 220-230lbs . 
  thanks, 
  i 'm sick of drinking . 
  i 'm 38 years old , i 'm a ( part - time , now a days ) musician .
