  somebody getting * paid * after college, 
  action is too low , or the guitar needs re-fretting . 
  ... went on a 11 hour plane to thailand , then 4 hours on a bus to this island . 
  then a ferry . 
  then a taxi to the town . 
  check into the bungalow , then we discover that the couple in the next bungalow is ... our neighbors back home . 
  capitalism is organized crime , and we are all its victims . 
  how high the strings sit over your fretboard . 
  yeah , we had a chuckle about it . 
  they 're nice people to be fair . 
  ... you can do a lot with those . 
  get a tuner and you 're ready to gig . 
  do you see a similarity between the average citizen silence in 1930ies germany to the current political climate , where rational and normal citizens simply do not speak up against bigotry and racism ? 
  this is the closest i 've seen another human have a similar theory to mine . 
  * if * we still have to call it `` god '' . 
  who ' the author ? 
  he 's saying your balls are huge . 
  i think most people should be doing more . 
  lem me guess ... you 're white . 
  i 'm from the same town as mayhem , and i remember going to football practice and next to the pitch this noise was coming out of a barn , this was in maybe 1987-88 . 
  i did n't know at the time , but i found out later that the noise was mayhem rehearsing . 
  let 's just say if you ever saw those dudes in the flesh , your first thought would n't be `` footballer '' . 
  bend it like hellhammer actually sounds kind of cool . 
  i 'm white . 
  i 'm just not a white supremacist . 
  i went to school with ics vortex from dimmu borgir ? 
  ... my team amassed a massive 22 point in gw2 . 
  i have two free transfers , i need a midfielder and a defender for 11,5 mil total . 
  suggestions ? 
  is trippier fit ? 
  i 'm thinking ben davies instead . 
  what do you reckon ? 
  those two amount to 11.6 mil tho, 
  cheers , i have n't seen watford play yet . 
  how is that richardson chap ? 
  on another note , was thinking putting in mooy . 
  i had kyle walker , looks hell be out for 2.3 games , and my defensive bench is shit . 
  i need a bang on defender , preferable with assists, 
  what do you think about mooy ? 
  if i give phil jones a punt , i could spend 6.5 mil on tadic for instance . 
  it may be a better shout than trippier/richarlison, 
  so religion is like a meme that endured the ages, 
  what kinda mirrors are those ? 
  it 's richard dawkins in the selfish gene iirc, 
  you think i can get them in northern europe ? 
  tom hanks is to acting what bruce springsteen is to rock . 
  he 's `` the average joe '' , totally relatable and believable , with that certain ability to reach millions without seeming like a `` star '' or otherworldly . 
  people still get killed in 2017 over religion , mate . 
  pre-social media days . 
  sooooo , you 're saying the boss sucks ? 
  beer bottle caps, 
  you mean you found dsotm on spotify after you saw the rainbow on your arm . 
  ftfy, 
  oh , we 're taking about mayhem again . 
  never mind the sweep , he 's giving you his neck . 
  choke that mofo !, 
  my chemtrails said that kdb will score three and assist them all himself . 
  if you masturbate during your fitness test * almost anywhere * they will fail you . 
  it 's true . 
  my thoughts exactly , mr. shagwell . 
  here 's a prediction : u/sneakpeekbot will get at least -10 on this comment, 
  ... almost . 
  i 've played the drums for 30 years + . 
  i did not know that !, 
  a true til , indeed . 
  does `` sabian '' mean anything ? 
  it 's a cymbal company that was founded by members of the zildjian family . 
  ... sooo , theres kids sitting in the trunk ( not in kid seats , i presume ) * and * that wagon on the roof is `` tied '' down with two kmart straps that look kinda loose . 
  both great choices . 
  that joke does not work * because * ... you spend 9 months in the womb , so you know who the mother was . 
  if you worded it `` a guy did n't know who his * father * was , he was conceived in a threesome '' . 
  now that would work , but it 's still not funny . 
  no , you would still know who was pregnant for 9 months , would n't you . 
  lol ( lucifer our lord ), 
  no helmet - no ride . 
  that 's a good rule to live by . 
  literally . 
  `` trust me , i took an online iq test and scored like mad high , * and * i have a degree in graphic design from huckabaloo community college '', 
  i have a friend ( well , i knew him ) who was notoriously uppety about his intellectual prowess . 
  he 's a psychologist and would quote dudes like noam chomsky all day . 
  well , one day he brought me to take a mensa test as * a dare * . 
  like a real one , where you sit in a classroom and take a test . 
  i think you all know where this is going ... 
  turns out he got 102 , which is average . 
  yours truly on the other hand , and this is ten years ago , beat him up and got 122 . 
  which is , well `` ok '' . 
  he was devastated . 
  i have n't seen the guy much after that . 
  so , for some people , that shit matters . 
  and , yes , i do enjoy telling that story . 
  pho sure ? 
  if you shut your pie hole for a second maybe , * maybe * , i 'll tell you about that time i hung out with bruce springsteen too . 
  those are russian plates . 
  great argument , now we all understand . 
  i call it my jiu jitsu * stroll * . 
  it 's very casual , i enjoy the scenery and i stop at every pub . 
  thats a good looking tattoo . 
  colors are full , lines are clean . 
  the design is solid . 
  is it a cover up ?
