  i 've realized i 've been an outright despicable human for years , burnt bridges , broken hearts and disappointed more people that i dare count . 
  it 's a heavy thing to realize that i was probably the worst drunk that i know , and that other people have thought that , said it behind my back and that it is well deserved . 
  i am an addict . 
  my beloved grandmother died on july 31st , and i was heartbroken -- devastated -- more than i expected . 
  yet i did not drink , i found strength in sobriety . 
  the last time we spoke , on july 14th , she said `` you should be proud '' . 
  she told me i was a great father , a good husband and a good human . 
  it broke my heart , i did not believe her . 
  but i 've since been reminded of who i once was . 
  a good guy . 
  and i intend to keep it that way . 
  we all need to face many things once sober , but the worst for me has definately been facing my demons . 
  the beast that makes me want to destroy myself . 
  i 've let that guy fuck up so many things for me , but no more . 
  fuck my old self . 
  i will not drink with you today . 
  thanks for reading . 
  i do n't know if he 's in contes starting line up, 
  [ removed ], 
  both seem like key players for their team . 
  which would you pick ? 
  i have an active wild card . 
  so , 150 days . 
  new record . 
  my anxiety is gone . 
  i feel great . 
  i 'm less irritable , i enjoy things . 
  i 'm more productive . 
  a better father . 
  a better husband . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  here 's to another 150 days sober , fellow sober peeps . 
  thanks for the support , guys !, 
  just came back from regular class with a couple new dudes , lost a nail and fucking got elbowed in the face . 
  spazz it to the max , dudes . 
  great way to learn . 
  anyway ... 
  i 'm off to wax my * boceta * , later . 
  hi , i just got a jazzmaster , and the thing is lovely , but alas - that bridge . 
  been looking at the mastery bridge to keep the string height and to keep tuning better . 
  do any of you have experience with mastery , or know of alternative that might be cheaper ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  wow , never thought i would make it . 
  but here i am . 
  i 've learned i actually have great self control . 
  my habits are one thing . 
  but once you change your habits , it actually works !, 
  i 'm slimmer , get compliments , the usual gains . 
  mentally i 'm much better , miles ahead of what i was . 
  keep it up guys , it only gets better . 
  i wo n't drink with you today , but let 's grab a sparkling water later . 
  thanks !, 
  hi guys , so i 'm on day 200 . 
  feeling great , and i 've set my goal to a year sober . 
  i mainly stopped drinking because of liver problems , and i 've seen great benefits in my near 7 months sober . 
  now to the questions :, 
  - have any of you ever started realizing after being sober for a while that your `` motives '' for staying sober have changed ? 
  my initial motivation was to get healthy , but i 've since started thinking i need this change . 
  i 'm thinking that i might stop forever . 
  or try to . 
  i 'm a better dad , husband , my bad influences are waning from my life and i just feel better in general . 
  my eating habits have improved too . 
  thoughts ? 
  - and finally , what is sober life like in the long run ? 
  i 've never been living clean . 
  never . 
  my whole life since age 17-18 has been a constant binge , and now all my * friends * are gone , my social life is near zero . 
  i have a couple of good buddies that are still there , but i 'm bitterly disappointed by my whole supposed `` support '' ( it 's non-existant ) . 
  have you experienced the same thing ? 
  tl : dr. will i have to totally change my whole life to stay sober ? 
  hope that clears it up , haha . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've thought i was sobering up for health . 
  in reality , now sober , i 've seen what i 've done to myself and others in the last twenty years . 
  i 've squandered my education . 
  i have a student loan , but no degree . 
  i 've had people who care about me , and i 've broken their hearts . 
  lied . 
  stolen . 
  cheated . 
  this realization is the loneliest thing i 've ever felt . 
  i have no support group , i 'm doing this alone except my lovely wife , whos support i can never repay . 
  and i 'm starting to get lost . 
  i 'm making plans to relapse , i can feel it . 
  i 'm in a slump . 
  i need help . 
  thinking of getting a rowing machine to get a quick workout at home . 
  any of you guys have experience with one ? 
  forgot to mention : my brother has one , and i can use it whenever i like . 
  money is not the big issue , cardio is . 
  i 'm looking for a pedal that oscillates , twists , feedbacks or in other ways `` fucks up '' my signal . 
  i 'm planning to use it to let my guitar tone hang , as i 'm also a singer and a lot of the time i just let notes ring while i 'm singing . 
  tips ? 
  i 'm on day 225 now , and for what it 's worth , i have n't had a drink for 7 months plus . 
  i 've never been sober this long in my adult life . 
  what i 'm finding is that i 'm returning to my perception of the world * before * i started drinking . 
  feels like a re-boot of sorts . 
  and it 's naked and honest ... and painful , as the insights i 'm getting are shaking my very foundation to the core . 
  i 'm really an addict .
