  nope . 
  i have two full sleeves , full chest and some stuff here and there on my legs . 
  i love them all , even the shitty old ones . 
  they do n't do * sources * on the alt right, 
  antifa driving into a black lives matter crowd ? 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  i dont listen to racists who * speak * , so why the fuck would i support a band that sings or screams racism ? 
  i carries meaning for millions , billions , of people . 
  now given , i 'm an atheist ( wow , right ? 
  ) , but i understand religions function in society , both now and in the formation of our modern society . 
  will it disappear completely ? 
  i think that 's a timeline with four digits into the future . 
  slayer, 
  what ? 
  morality as a concept , well it has changed over time . 
  in certain parts of ancient greece , it was deemed that the highest , most moral form of sexual relationships were those between men . 
  in feudal japan , a disgraced samurai would commit suicide as a moral act to restore his dignity in defeat . 
  it 's a fluid concept , as is most things in life . 
  then how are you communicating with me ? 
  change your electoral college voting system, 
  it takes three minutes to open the can, 
  james hetfield, 
  he felt that later . 
  roy keane tackle on alfie haaland, 
  that 's not factual . 
  take frank ocean , and defranco , john grant , years and years all have songs that explicitly sing about same sex pronouns . 
  i till ca n't understand why we sold iheanacho in this scenario . 
  if you counted the exact number of steps it takes to get from your bed to your bathroom , multiplied it by the least number of floor tiles you have to step on to get to your kitchen , you would probably find out that ... you have ocd . 
  so is 9 % , 9 % is a numeric white supremacist symbol that refers to the percentage of the world 's population that is purportedly white . 
  hull is up there ... 
  florida ? 
  approximately the same difference as between being * online * and * outside * . 
  if more people just started talking to each other , shit would be a lot easier . 
  having kids . 
  source : me . 
  ross barkley to ... ? 
  std . 
  not car , but motorcycle . 
  my local triumph dealer is a hot mess . 
  fucking up orders on parts , misplacing my service manual , not responding to e-mails , phone calls , in general just being a messy unprofessional piece of shit establishment . 
  i love my triumph , but i 'm never buying so much as a loose screw from those idiots again . 
  39 for that !, 
  also , same haircut for 19 seasons . 
  plus point for that , gareth . 
  or , dare i say it , stevie g. 
  you go with the pawn stars way . 
  you know what you want , add 25 % to that price , so when they negotiate you end up at what you want , but they think they 've made a deal . 
  plus , you got ta frame it , it 's taking up space at the shop , you got ta pay chumlee and that autograph guy has to verify the title . 
  `` where do i go to stick this beer bottle up my ass ? 
  '' , `` in there '' , `` thanks '', 
  yeah , so that guy is a douche and i absolutely mean the biker, 
  you get a mortgage , kids and bills . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i 'm a little stressed out by the whole `` world situation '' , you know , with the nazis in the us , the islamists in the middle east , the trumps in the white house playing nuclear war twitter games , and theresa may fucking up england . 
  and climate change and big business ' complete lack of responsible action towards it . 
  and just social medias influence on people and everyone basically living in a echo chamber bubble and not really talking to each other . 
  and i 'm out of work , but i have money so i 'm fine for now . 
  and my kids future is on my mind too . 
  and money is destroying football . 
  and my car needs a new cat . 
  i have panic attacks , and i 'm being way too personal here . 
  but apart from that , i 'm fine !, 
  cheers , buddy !, 
  good stuff !, 
  i 'll check out that ted talk !, 
  i know , part of this was tying to be , you know ... humorous . 
  yeah , ok then . 
  let 's have him . 
  you forgot rolando bianchi , city legend . 
  celtic , mate . 
  not stoke . 
  celtic . 
  mate , he clearly beat you by 5 minutes . 
  ... let me be the first to cast a stone in a glass house and say , no . 
  danny dyer , fooking well ` ard ` ammer innit, 
  needs more stickers !, 
  religion, 
  another uncontrollable reflex is the gag reflex , which sets in motion every time that wanker pulls off his shirt, 
  theres an olly marx at wrexham , so heres a golden opportunity to have marx and engels reunited at stoke , no less . 
  google it , kids . 
  that jack and coke will be shit 50/50 with all foamy and eventually flat coke . 
  source : i worked as a bartender for 10 years . 
  that drink * should * be : 1/4 part jack , 3/4 parts coke and ice . 
  it ' still a crap drink . 
  west brom evans ? 
  really ? 
  is n't he a rag ? 
  ... you dont have to maintain a relationship with toxic people even though you are related to them . 
  i grew up in a pentecostal family , and i dont have much contact with my family , more or less only my parents in small amounts . 
  i maintained radio silence toward them for about 10 years in my twenties before they got the fact that having a son is ( relatively ) more important to them than what their parish tells them . 
  i 'm 41 now . 
  some things take time . 
  watching motovloggers on youtube, 
  mainly rj and the baron , snowcat is just too much - he rides like an idiot too . 
  have you ever met art school hipsters ? 
  you think one of the could even * lift * a bat , let alone swing one ? 
  get some frame sliders , because you 're gon na lay that thang down . 
  ... that new bonneville t120 has 80hp , and it 's a 1200cc bike . 
  agreed . 
  the bike is a beauty , but why on earth did bmw add that monstrosity ( euro4 , i know , but * surley * there must be another way to meet euro4 restrictions .
