  the snare is my old crap mapex which sounds really great in the studio for some reason . 
  all iirc . 
  what shoes are you wearing ? 
  i 'll take `` adoption '' for $ 100 alex, 
  same , i 'm 40 . 
  my phone is dead . 
  global warming, 
  as long as you do n't suffer physical harm , tell people . 
  then do what you got ta do to live free . 
  move . 
  you 're basically a female version of me . 
  but i 'll tell ya , it hurt when i realized i was n't that tough . 
  but it 's a good hurt , the kind you learn from . 
  hopefully . 
  hang tough buddy , you 'll get there . 
  one day at a time does the trick . 
  it was great . 
  i teared up , have n't done that since i got sober . 
  yeah , the ones that got under your skin and poke at your bones . 
  i 've got one of those in my past , and they 're always there . 
  pouring their crazy salt in the wound , you know . 
  yeah , the sauce has n't done me much good . 
  fuck that . 
  stay strong , thanks for the kind words . 
  the toughest nails break too , you know . 
  i 've got ta learn to allow myself to ask for help , and i 'm 40 years old . 
  hang in there , partner . 
  i 'm really pining over this whole aa thing . 
  i 'm very anti religion , and the twelve steps preach way too much for my liking . 
  in fact , religion is maybe the main reason why i drank in the first place , i broke out of it and my relationship with my family is fucked because of it . 
  it 's one of those things that can make me rage in seconds , so i 'm * really * skeptical about the religious aspect of it . 
  but i 'm pretty sure i ca n't do this alone anymore . 
  thanks , buddy . 
  ordered it last week . 
  it should be in the mail . 
  the main reason i wan na avoid religious talk at all costs is that i 'm really , and i mean really , scarred by a fucked up religious upbringing . 
  i 'm at the point where i will literally walk out of a conversation if somebody brings up the higher power thing . 
  i ca n't deal with it . 
  we do n't have that where i am . 
  the only groups i can find are aa in churches . 
  ok , i could live with that i guess . 
  there is n't really an alternative to aa in my town . 
  back in the 90s my best buddy and i used to make out to creep out homophobes . 
  til a lot can be learned by a persons foot, 
  beach house , somewhere warm, 
  the coolest farmers live there . 
  ask the christian back : do you celebrate the pagan holiday samhain , otherwise known as halloween by chance ? 
  on another note , barnes ' new book ... should i read it ? 
  honk if you love brian . 
  being polite and cleaning up after yourself, 
  i hope so too !, 
  thanx !, 
  true . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks . 
  keep it up !, 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  i 've already started applying myself . 
  thanks for that . 
  i 've felt the same way , except i 'm 40 , and have been on pause for 15 years + !, 
  no more !, 
  keep it up , girl !, 
  conor is an idiot, 
  what great news to end an otherwise outstanding day for city, 
  you think ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  to op freedom is having a gun , to me it 's having * a choice * not to have a gun . 
  why be afraid of the inevitable ? 
  i 'd say it 's the absence of necessity . 
  if you * need * weapons to feel safe , you are per definition not free . 
  never thought of that !, 
  my buddies and i had this huge annual xmas boozer on friday , and i hung out for hours drinking non alcohol beer . 
  they all kept saying i 'm much funnier and personable sober . 
  first time i was awake past midnight too . 
  and i drove a couple of them home !, 
  win/win !, 
  what about the powerless ? 
  you 're talking about tyranny , not freedom . 
  what 's your mos ? 
  i 'm not american, 
  why is being profitable part of the equation ? 
  kinda takes the fun out of a hobby if you 're focusing on profitability dunnit ? 
  76 % of reddit comments are confirmation biases, 
  apparently i 'm arrogant , but what the hell do those idiots know, 
  liquid nitrogen, 
  i 'm still not convinced, 
  i 'm 40 years old , and i have to say most people stay in their high school mentality . 
  there 's very little * evolving * going around . 
  enlightened or interesting people are few and far between . 
  never completing my, 
  brother , you 're 5 days in and offering career advice . 
  stop talking about yourself and others as a string of four letters , and you 're probably a long way to maturing enough to find out if you just like that dude or want to take it further . 
  that the complexity of the human mind can be categorized like a fortune cookie . 
  sure , when i read the entp `` standard '' i thought `` wow , some of this is spot on '' , but some of it is total cold reading stuff . 
  i 'm smart enough to realize when i 'm being told what to think , and this stuff is very suggestive . 
  my two euro cents . 
  yeh , i 've read a little bit about it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it 's interesting and all , but i 'm just a little skeptical about this model being * the answer * , because i do n't think there is one . 
  then again , that is a very entp thing to say is n't it . 
  lem me just turn it around and ask you , what are the endearing qualities to this theory ?
