  depends on your standards really, 
  especially his brother, 
  you have good taste , enjoy !, 
  what did mata do to mourinho ? 
  top banana !, 
  ok , first things first : i 'm by no means a `` well known musician '' , but my band is signed to a major label and i 've toured europe 10 + times ( the us once ... ) , and we 've played many , many festivals . 
  my take on gear is this : you bring what you can afford to lose . 
  i tour with a homemade pedalboard made out of a slab of plywood that fits in my pelican case . 
  my pedals are all easy to find , cheap and replaceable . 
  most of these * man cave * players have really nice guitars and boutique pedals that i can never afford . 
  news flash : you do n't make a lot of money touring and making music . 
  given , i have nice guitars , i wo n't fly with my '73 sg , for instance . 
  but i always bring a '06 sg standard . 
  if it gets broken or stolen , it 's not the end if the world . 
  i usually bring a hagstrom viking as a backup , as i get good deals on those . 
  oh , so to answer the question : i do n't get it either . 
  you play what you have . 
  and if you have little money , you do n't play expensive gear . 
  unless you 're in a huge band and you do what you want , which in yannick gers case is to bring a epiphone . 
  it must be a nice break from all those pre-cbs strats he owns / s, 
  we need that money for cake you see, 
  everybody can afford coke , mate . 
  traditional english breakfast . 
  bacon , sausage , eggs , fried mushrooms . 
  unless they 're a gay pirate , in which case it 's the d. 
  nice tissue box in front if the ol' vcr there , nudge nudge, 
  probably pretty efficient . 
  his day was pretty packed, 
  well , i 'm a cunt !, 
  6000 bottles of toner , makeup remover , lotion for this , lotion for * that * , foot scrub , body scrub , eyelash gel , mint tea herbal emotional shampoo , magnesium oil , wheat chaff eyebrow fixer , recycled bong water energy serum ... you get the idea, 
  god , i pay half what you pay and our prof is a black belt , and we have 8 purples , and 25 + blues . 
  the vibe you 're explaining is also pretty fucking out of the question , switch gyms sister . 
  she 's the mother of my two children , so not billions . 
  just that one . 
  if she 's rich , i 'm going to be pissed she a : hid it from me , and b : spent it all on toner . 
  after eleven years with my wife i can guarantee you this : she both poops and farts . 
  his dad was, 
  he was really good at gladbach, 
  yeah , but that 's because he 's polishing his spear de luxe style . 
  to clarify vague arguments, 
  darwin was right . 
  nooooo , surely you jest, 
  i reckon i could take out richard hammond, 
  the anger and violence everywhere is honestly making me rethink my stance on human potential and whether we can ever evolve past our primate roots and really start making progress . 
  seems more and more unlikely . 
  what color is the ink ? 
  well , did you watch the game ? 
  hmmm . 
  i detect a theme . 
  klopp to the kop, 
  we are the aliens ( according to my mother in law ), 
  * politics * per se does n't matter . 
  the real decisions are being made behind closed doors , out of reach from the checks and balances of democracy . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  they 're useful idiots , it 's all smoke and mirrors ... 
  while we complain about trump this and obama that , mega money decisions about war , energy , education etc etc ar being made while idiots argue wether they can have five or ten guns at their house . 
  my point was only this : from childhood we are taught that * we * can influence the political game via voting , democracy and for americans especially that * anybody * can be president . 
  but the game is rigged , career politicians backed by mega money are the real decision makers . 
  we all know this . 
  progressive politicians everywhere compromise and get maybe only a few minor changes through for show , but really nothing changes . 
  if a politician gets too radical or powerful , they seem to be caught up in scandals or simply get `` killed by a lone wolf '' or the like . 
  so , i fell it 's a conspiracy theory in that we are all being lied to and spoon fed this idea of democracy when it 's really just a magic trick . 
  where did the bunny go ? 
  it 's a conspiracy against democracy . 
  i 'd say that 's a big one . 
  like that time george w just * happened * to have a senator brother in the state that just * happened * to swing the vote his way , no foul play there ref , i swear !, 
  so we 're doing red now ? 
  i must be color blind, 
  fake it till you make it . 
  who farted ? 
  oh , it was only you opening your mouth . 
  didnt you hear ? 
  you lot won the whole thing !, 
  that is a movie plot , right there . 
  somebody call ari gold , let 's make this happen . 
  well said , and on that note : somebody please make a best of quote video and put it on youtube . 
  wish i knew about no . 
  5 in the nineties . 
  to * try * things . 
  sounds easy , right ? 
  i do n't want to be old thinking `` i should 've '' , i want to be old and say `` i fucking tried my best '' . 
  i want to live my life with guts and to gave the scars to show for it . 
  gluten abend , did you really save joaquin phoenix out of a crashed car ? 
  roger waters might disagree . 
  maybe he realizes how much harley 's suck and * wants * it to get stolen . 
  religion, 
  i enjoy the hagstrom brand of guitars . 
  hell no, 
  op : what do you think `` manly '' means ? 
  is nationality hereditary ? 
  yes . 
  then you can say poverty is as well . 
  life chances are drastically diminished if you 're born in a developing country . 
  you * inherit * poverty as well , you 're being argumentative . 
  get a lawyer . 
  put in a clause that you can leave the label if they do not fulfill their obligations to you . 
  be it time limits , advances , royalties etc. 
  also make sure you own your name , or your bands name in case you ever want to release something on a different label with the same moniker . 
  freshly ground coffee, 
  yes it was,
