  i call bs , one of the best managers in the world is not going to drop a fit aguero , arguable one of the top 5 strikers playing the game right now . 
  * science * says `` follow the evidence , we will never have all the answers '' . 
  atheism has no dogma . 
  i 'm sure * every * single norwegian is the same . 
  they 're all completely the same . 
  edit : morons, 
  she speaks for all norwegians . 
  especially those who do not understand sarcasm . 
  friend zoned hard, 
  a tesla car with an auto pilot that ca n't see white semi trucks, 
  both , weirdly, 
  the music, 
  politics, 
  punctuation, 
  no , i 'm bitter in both . 
  my bmx and not having a single responsibility, 
  judging by the games this weekend , i think united face a city side that is feeling a lot of pressure . 
  but united looked shambolic at times , there was not a lot of desire in that team . 
  city looked much better in the second half vs. soton , and i think we were unlucky not to win it . 
  but these derbies can go either way , histlry shows us that . 
  i have a gut feeling that city might take it . 
  michael scott, 
  sounds good !, 
  i think you are missing a vital piece of information there , buddy . 
  what is your definition of a `` real man '' , op ? 
  mine is living up to your own personal standards . 
  work out and attain your goals , be a good father , make enough cash to live a comforable life and do n't take any shit . 
  stupids, 
  we paid # 47.5 m for john stones, 
  pathetic ? 
  he was to blame for two of the goals against barca , and the goal yesterday was all on him . 
  i get nervous whenever he 's got the ball . 
  looks like he 's got potential , sure . 
  at the moment though , i ca n't understand why he 's preferred ahead of otamendi . 
  and , by the way : steve howey ? 
  those were different times , my friend . 
  i see your nick is an ali b tribute , and i 'm sure we both feel it was a lot more fun being a city fan back when the goat wreaked havoc at maine road , but these are different times . 
  we 're title contenders now , and we don ' have time to muck about . 
  oh , get out mate with the upvotes . 
  means fuck all to me . 
  i 'm of the opinion that stones had a 200 % mark up simply because he 's english . 
  fact is , he 's good ( and hopefully will get better ) but if he were , let 's say from sweden , he would cost a fraction . 
  well , now english football teams will certainly have to focus more on english youth players , so the england team will be better for it . 
  apart from that ? 
  none . 
  hi , i was a bartender for about 8 years . 
  i have been ass grabbed every other shift i worked . 
  one lady reached down my pants , grabbed my dick and told me that i was going home with her . 
  several ladies gave me a big ( - ish ) tip with a note attached to it with their number . 
  i 'm married , and was married all the time i worked bars - but the ring means little to some of these people . 
  i 've heard things like `` nobody has to know '' , `` i do n't mind '' , `` married men turn me on '' etc. 
  what did i learn ? 
  women are just as horny and dirty as men , just better at hiding it . 
  city became rich some 15 odd years * after * i started supporting them . 
  i do n't see why we have to pay up the ass simply because we have some money . 
  we used to lose all our good players , and now it 's the other way . 
  i do n't want your playstaion , i 'm a grown man . 
  you sound awesome . 
  thanks for the vote of confidence . 
  all right . 
  the guys go `` thats so cool '' , i have n't really told any women apart from ex . 
  coworkers at bars . 
  they were all `` well , be glad you 're not female , because that is way worse '' and i know they 're right . 
  thank you , everyone here seems to be off their umtitis, 
  what if i just wan na keep doing crochet ? 
  the nerve on some people . . 
  the co2 levels, 
  walter white , just get your dads clothes . 
  follow the evidence funny man, 
  farming, 
  build a wall and let them pay for it etc , eh ? 
  hahahahahahaha ha, 
  in university , intoductory philosophy . 
  shrimp . 
  paging dr.freud . 
  the exorcist, 
  who leaves first ? 
  you 'll know after these messages, 
  gibson sg standard, 
  fender bassman 100, 
  sounds like the poor guy ca n't leave even his room without being hassled . 
  why always me ? 
  where else can we go ? 
  sounds like a monty python skit . 
  is it me or is kun looking a bit `` sour '' these days ? 
  he always looked positive , smiling and joking but lately it 's like he did n't get cake for his birthday . 
  drummer are ya ? 
  indeed sir, 
  four, 
  clearly you can think in one . 
  woof , right ? 
  i just stand there holding my wife 's purse like a bad mother . 
  solved . 
  thanks for that . 
  i 'm going to research how to find a group near me . 
  i got ta vent in real life . 
  thanks again , dude . 
  i 'm on my way bud , it 's already happened - what you described with the drinking buddies . 
  they 're gone . 
  i 'm going to stick to this for her .
