  does that come with a radio ? 
  thats not a great leadership strategy, 
  veronas doctor must be dr. drake ramoray, 
  at least cassanos not flakey, 
  whats a decade between friends, 
  always thought he was such a zlatan wannabe that he 'd move to italy, 
  when west ham plays us joe will still shout yaya ... ** yaya !!!, 
  he not an idiot , he 's a * useful idiot * . 
  there 's a difference . 
  you do n't get a `` career '' in politics without a team of people ( in this case republicans ) wanting you to be there and to be their mouthpiece . 
  especially considering how little time he spent in politics before being elected president . 
  something which in itself is mind boggling . 
  ... yeah ? 
  one of my very best friends grew up in rural nigeria , mate . 
  he came from * nothing * , absolutely nothing . 
  he worked hard in school , got a scholarship and now he 's a teacher and probably the most happy and inspirational guy i know . 
  but , you know , he probably should n't have been born because he came from poverty . 
  that 's a huge / s , by the way . 
  thing is , bro , ( parts of ) africa is well fucked by being * exploited , pillaged and their people sold as slaves * by europeans and americans since the industrial revolution , and even earlier . 
  they simply have n't had the time to recuperate yet . 
  other parts , and yes there are many developed or developing countries in africa , are surprisingly similar to what you experience . 
  i suggest you do n't determine the fates of an entire continent and dismiss their potential before you 've at least tried to open your eyes a little bit . 
  we 're not at all that much different , and you and i lucking out by being born where we were does n't qualify us as `` winners '' or `` worthy of more '' by any standard . 
  we can trade hart for neuer , no worries . 
  iceland is pretty consistent . 
  clearly winning the pl twice in the last 5 years is n't enough . 
  oh , and the league cup . 
  how about we stop putting ourselves in boxes , and start having normal conversations ? 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  do n't forget the community shield , the most arsenal of cups . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong there . 
  hey , look it 's one of these `` let 's make the most obvious joke imaginable '' guys . 
  well , the owner of the gray car obviously did that , so good luck paint job . 
  umm . 
  `` told ya ! '', 
  i would like to debate wether this so-called liberal vs conservative debate is made up by media hype , trying to put us all against each other instead of looking at issues we desperately need to address . 
  take global warming for instance . 
  instead of wasting our time making an ethical debacle on who can sleep together or who puts their dick where , the world is getting warmer . 
  we have scientific evidence of that . 
  now instead of ** that ** news story , we are served stories about an unbuildable wall , handshakes that last too long and who golfed more . 
  meanwhile the world , the one we all live in , is being exploited by the oil lobby while we 're distracted by bullshit . 
  i 'd like to have a convo about that for instance . 
  that 's what it 's come to . 
  everyone lives in an echo chamber of social media , everything being served according to your `` interests '' by less and less serious media . 
  i 'm beginning to sound like a conspiracy theorist , but i 'm getting increasingly skeptical to news media and what their interest and agenda is . 
  there 's money in polarizing people . 
  there are many more . 
  that 's my point . 
  you can choose to be open to intelligent input , regardless of your `` team '' . 
  they do something every single day . 
  tantrums . 
  throwing food . 
  inadvertently stolen things ( look what i got at the store , dad ! ) . 
  hit other kids . 
  you name it . 
  and i have girls !, 
  it called `` being a parent '' , and its not what you thought it would be . 
  and if you do n't have kids , shut the fuck up . 
  you have no idea . 
  and if you * have * kids , and say `` my kids do n't ( insert whatever ) '' , you 're a liar . 
  radiohead, 
  you should call your artist and have him or her draw a design for you . 
  yes , jazzmaster bros !, 
  ( i have the same guitar ) . 
  possibly , yes . 
  mine was actually a gift . 
  i love it !, 
  he looks insane in the youtube vids , any of you actually seen him play ? 
  why not ? 
  maybe you 'll actually sound a little different than most ... 
  cold turkey, 
  i was sick of it . 
  the cost . 
  the coughs . 
  the smell . 
  i read that allen carr book , and it actually helped . 
  the one good thing about it is that it point out that youre basically paying to be in bad shape . 
  it 's absurd when you think about it . 
  i did n't really try before that . 
  i quit around fall of 2006 . 
  or , '05 possibly . 
  i set a date , started smoking a brand i did n't like . 
  the date was about a month after i decided to really quit . 
  and on the day , i smoked my last cigarette very consciously , telling myself `` this is the last one '' . 
  there 's this golden rule that if you `` just have one '' , that * one * cigarette will cost you about 10.000 euro . 
  that 's what the relapse usually costs , because after starting again the average smoker will smoke for a period of time ( i forget how long ) before mustering the will to quit again . 
  so think about that when you feel the urge : `` this * one * cig will cost me x amount of money '' . 
  for fucks sake . 
  what 's the scarring after something like this ? 
  he 's a good player with a bad attitude . 
  i think that 's part of why pep does n't rate him . 
  i 'm poor , and bought a pearl export kit used when i was younger . 
  still use it , with some upgrades . 
  snare and hardware specifically . 
  very cool !, 
  i just do n't get what the deal is with bad religion , in general . 
  my three year old . 
  i 'm good . 
  yup, 
  yeah , but proagandhi are catchy and especially later records have more of a metal vibe , i really like them .
