  to make benefit glorious bat cave, 
  i feel at about age four . 
  my eldest is six , and she 'd be fine . 
  my two and a half tear old , though ... she would destroy that place in seconds . 
  go big or go home , right ? 
  be careful !, 
  we love you too , totti !, 
  stick with it . 
  you 've got ta suck for a while , you will get better . 
  i 'm ready !, 
  they never talk about money . 
  that horse is fabulous . 
  never mind the yacht , what bikes do you have ? 
  those are all insane bikes . 
  i have n't ridden any of them , but still . 
  the panigale is insane . 
  i 've ridden the street triple , loved it but too small for me . 
  stay safe !, 
  thanks !, 
  probably a bmw s1000r , it changes every week haha . 
  history . 
  look it up . 
  nice !, 
  i 've discovered that martial arts help regulate my ego to where i learn to accept my weaknesses , live in the moment and realize i dont have the luxury of time to waste . 
  our time here is short , make the most of it . 
  thats my tony robbins speech . 
  i do jiujitsu . 
  no butt sex rules , there !, 
  in fact , very few rules at all . 
  somebody 's getting laid tonight !, 
  bjj is great for ego smashing . 
  try it !, 
  i 've never been to the hairdresser . 
  my mum still cuts my hair . 
  i 'm 41 years old . 
  what do you call a man who abandoned his diet ? 
  desserter . 
  i 'm just popping out for some vaseline . 
  theres going to be much butthurt . 
  i heart rat, 
  how quickly we take credit for what was done two , three generations ago , that we had zero part of . 
  we pay decent wages , so ... people can actually house and feed themselves . 
  i would 've greyed out that full name there dude . 
  you mean other countries existed before ` merica ? 
  what !?!, 
  well , as an ex bartender working in a scandinavian country for nearly a decade , i got paid around $ 20-25 an hour , plus tips . 
  depending on the shift , that could be $ 100-150-200 per shift . 
  no taxes on tips . 
  oh , and did i mention free healthcare ? 
  or ca n't you hear me through your freedom ? 
  use it ? 
  anarchy in the uk all over again , innit ? 
  your kid has seen home , huh ? 
  it was ten years ago for me as well ... and then theres that free healthcare ... 
  you had zero part of ww2 . 
  fact . 
  you bombed bosnia ? 
  so did i. 
  my great grandfather was a war sailor and was sunk . 
  whats that have to do with our non-contribution to the whole thing ? 
  not my point , i 'm saying : tipping is * neccesary * in the states , as opposed to in europe , where people can actually get by on the wage alone . 
  and have free healthcare . 
  wawewa , you have great insight in how europe works . 
  great success !, 
  wait till you dont have that job and get sick . 
  covfefe !, 
  are you serious ? 
  i just told you like , a second ago, 
  democracy, 
  if you post this question in r/sociology , you will most probably get a comprehensive answer . 
  most of the boomers lost all their money in 2008 , when wall street fucked them over . 
  yup !, 
  norway , ireland and finland all population around 5 - 6 million , have 5-10 top universities . 
  not bad . 
  sorry , man . 
  denmark is of course in the same club !, 
  define `` small '' . 
  is it a swiss army knife , probably yes . 
  is it a switchblade , thats a nope . 
  you ca n't bring a knife like that into england . 
  disrect quote from gov.uk `` offensive weapons which are designed to kill or inflict serious injury and do not have a legitimate use are banned or restricted from being imported into the uk '' . 
  theres very little chance of a customs check between france and spain , unless you fly of course . 
  by the way , what the hell do you need it for ? 
  i posted under a different comment , but no , thats illegal . 
  theres no 2nd amendment in european countries . 
  fix my life, 
  sarcasm and self-hatred . 
  i 'm 41 . 
  could you be more wrong ? 
  i 'm a lot of peoples ex best friend . 
  a fine mix , much like gin and tonic . 
  but hendrick 's and fentemans , mind you . 
  so dull . 
  i 'm only here to inspire future generations . 
  i know , i went to one of them . 
  been there , done that . 
  in ireland : `` you 're literally oliver cromwell '' . 
  i get gassy when i 've had beers the day before . 
  i call it the fart guard . 
  or the fart escape .
