  color me confused , but canada somehow got mixed up in here . 
  that spoon is on a real acid trip, 
  `` road worn '' , or what ? 
  who needs movies these days, 
  * vagitarian * ftfy, 
  trumps hair is real . 
  fact . 
  momentarily forgot the unbearable curse of existence, 
  which one ? 
  well , you can prove anything with facts, 
  on my porch , with splinters in my feet . 
  what kind of mirrors you rocking there , fellow bonnie rider ? 
  all right !, 
  thanks !, 
  too much work, 
  ... you mean after the atomic winter had depleted all crops for ten years and civil war over food had broken out all over the world , then or * now * you worry about the draft ? 
  never gon na give you up , of course, 
  the dude, 
  why thank you , miss moneypenny, 
  off !, 
  rules, 
  finish your degree . 
  dropping out of college is a massive waste of time and money . 
  i think we 're there right now, 
  in no circumstance is having a degree worse than not having one . 
  never . 
  somehow i think that woman will do just fine in life . 
  ... it probably has nothing to do with the oil companies influence on certain governments . 
  it 's obama , its not the big business , it 's obama . 
  he just ruins everything does n't he , that obama . 
  what do you do in the winter ? 
  lizard people must be so cold . 
  break time . 
  maybe you need a bjj vacay . 
  i dont hang around playgrounds . 
  i 'm a 41 year old man . 
  big up , fellow scandinavian . 
  and , op , specify nation . 
  i know it 's hard for you . 
  just remember , there are other countries in the world . 
  hard to believe . 
  but it 's true . 
  perfect for making that omelette in the car, 
  i 'm 41 . 
  never gon na be a * champ * or the like . 
  i just enjoy bjj . 
  but sometimes , hey , other thing are just as interesting . 
  i 've found that keeping a realistic mindset regarding bjj actually helped me improve . 
  and that includes taking breaks when i 'm swamped at school or my kids are in a * phase * . 
  pay your damn bills . 
  clean the place once in a while . 
  never , let me repeat that , never , move back to your parents . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and poor !, 
  i 've been 6 ' 3 '' for about 25 years now , and most people lie about their height . 
  true story , shocking i know . 
  neither would aguero , honest !, 
  that my kids would sleep though the night would be fucking awesome . 
  maybe theyre projecting that they wish they had a couple inches more * somewhere else * ... 
  no , runs straight . 
  welcome to the wonderful world of realizing just somewhat smarter than the average joe . 
  you 're in for a fun * rest of your life shaking your head * . 
  enjoy !, 
  you 've missed the whole point of the theory of evolution . 
  humans and apes share * common * ancestry , both branches * evolved * from the same source . 
  i think i would be the biggest idiot imaginable . 
  i 'm a pretty forward and self assured person as is . 
  both metaphorically and literally, 
  i am too !, 
  let 's have a beer !, 
  entitled , white , pentecostal , racist . 
  your average western european baby boomer asshats . 
  good job !, 
  tattoos , actually . 
  it rubs the lotion on its skin ? 
  how tall are you ? 
  right after i finish this game of basketball i 'm apparently playing, 
  look at myself in the mirror, 
  to be fair he 's got 4 stripes . 
  i grew up pentecostal , when i started having doubts in my pre teens , my youth pastor took out a banana ( a regular banana , * jeez * ) and placed it in my hand . 
  then he said : `` see how it fits perfectly in your hand ? 
  that was gods plan '' , and proceeded to look at me like he just blew my fucking * mind * . 
  i guess that was the definitive moment i went `` fuck this '' . 
  oops, 
  a blind date i was set up on years ago , the girl knew * waaaay * to much about me , what my brothers names were , personal stuff about my family etc. 
  i noped out of that one pretty fast, 
  [ what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zorv8wwiadq ), 
  clever !, 
  you must be a christian, 
  that film is pretty amazing , see the whole thing . 
  its `` it might get loud '' . 
  well , i 'm an atheist and a socialist and pretty vocal about both . 
  so lots of people who are assholes think i 'm an asshole too . 
  i 'm 41 though . 
  interestingly there are 11 strings on that bay guitar . 
  do n't drink so much . 
  hyde from that 70s show too . 
  very few nations have * way * in them , but norway does . 
  so that then . 
  obama .
