  punctuation joke . 
  i have two kids , aged two and five . 
  when the hell am i supposed to have the time ? 
  i think that responsibility pretty much comes with the belt . 
  hemingway once said about writing `` write what 's true , write the truest sentence you know '' . 
  i think louis does that with his comedy , he says the things we all * really * feel . 
  like most babies are ugly . 
  because they are . 
  i like yr set up, 
  fun fact : his son scott played bass in 90s indie band chavez ( who were really , really fucking amazingly good ) with matt sweeney of zwan/bonnie `` prince '' billy fame . 
  scott also directed blonde ambition . 
  how do i know this , you ask ? 
  i 'm the biggest chavez fanboy in this dimension . 
  jeans are n't atgatt , brohemian rhapsody, 
  i feel like i wan na trump this joke somehow ... 
  thats pretty much all of europes opinion as well . 
  no chance , liverpool are `` the reds '' , man u have been `` the red devils '' as long as i have lived . 
  the most embarrassing thing would be that he was your player five years ago . 
  a real go-getter , that . 
  architect . 
  the jury is out on that one !, 
  some people do n't eat bacon because of religious reasons . 
  i do n't participate in religion because of bacon reasons . 
  `` cityzens '' apparently as well . 
  oh for fucks sake * card *, 
  the word * leftist * is a label for what ? 
  not republican ? 
  not ukip ? 
  it 's almost that it seems these people , these `` terrorists '' , do n't have a clue what they 're angry at . 
  they seem almost * clueless * , maybe * uneducated * or perhaps even like * idiots * . 
  idiots with a gun and a religion they know nothing about themselves . 
  in my most dystopian moods i predict a western world in which immigrants ( and muslims especially ) are further removed from society , creating ever more distance and making room for even more confusion , terror and violence . 
  eventually we will face some kind of politician who will demonize all immigrants ( or perhaps only muslims ) and present a `` solution '' , much like the third reich . 
  history will repeat itself , driven by fear of terror . 
  but on other days , i think we all will be fine . 
  donal logue aka one of greg dullis best friends : source . 
  i 'm an even bigger afghan whigs fanboy . 
  he said the managers name is heard, 
  i think you misinterpreted my bad attempt at sarcasm . 
  for a second there i thought i read you * fucked your teammate * . 
  now , * thats * tiki taka football . 
  yes i accidentally went full davina mccall there sorry, 
  that was hillaryious ( ok , this is officially been a good pun thread but i think it 's time to say farewell now ), 
  never go full melania, 
  tell your kid small joint manipulation is forbidden in ibjjf comps, 
  well played, 
  clean !, 
  i 'm getting a jason bourne vibe somehow, 
  nice yellow tp beside the keyboard there , romeo . 
  kroos ai n't at juve , mate, 
  do n't forget legendary, 
  i have a mother and a father, 
  thats andy carroll money , right there . 
  john terry is to retire soon . 
  he wants to spend more time with his team mates ' wives . 
  no worries though , he will still turn up to any finals they make in the future in full kit . 
  guns, 
  i 'm not going to give you any tips , because i 'm a white belt and i need to shut the fuck up a train . 
  ayn rand sucks, 
  sympathy for the devil - rolling stones, 
  snowcat and his buddies are at the library , guys . 
  which way is the right way to stuff a baby into a blender , head of feet first ? 
  feet first , because then you can look it straight in the eyes when you come . 
  just telling the worst jokes i know . 
  nothing to see here . 
  that . 
  * and * her followers make me sick . 
  that black one is amazing . 
  hahahahaha, 
  do n't worry , they 'll blow # 50mil on troy deeney on deadline day, 
  it 's 104000 kilometers , and i have a rav4 to trade in . 
  reckon i 'll pay $ 10-11k in between . 
  they 're a bit more expensive here . 
  around $ 18-20k . 
  my rav is a 2005 worth about 6k so i 'm not being shafted i think . 
  haha , is that an attempt at a burn ? 
  all lower case letters , you 're one to talk . 
  they 've been spoon fed this idea that the 're all special , that they 're all going to get their 15 minutes , and it 's simply just not so . 
  most of them are just looking down into their cell phone , not even contributing one iota to their immediate surroundings . 
  who in their right mind actually believes rooney is a bad player ? 
  what 's the concensus there ? 
  edit : on r/mcfc it 's the `` kolarov sucks '' song and dance . 
  kind of reminds me of when gareth barry was loaned out to everton , everybody had written him off as a player with his best days behind him . 
  when he was sold , some city fans were relieved . 
  he still delivers the goods and kept his place in a strong toffees side . 
  maybe rooney will have the same fate , who knows , but to call for his exit is to not understand his importance for the club as captain , as a measuring stick for young players and by the simple fact that he 's the all time top scorer and skip for england . 
  theres no substitute for that , you ca n't buy it . 
  mourinho knows that . 
  and , keep in mind , i dont want you to win , ever . 
  but i still respect rooney . 
  ibra : i saw that picture of your daughters side boob , boss . 
  6/10 , close to 7 . 
  i 'm still wondering how you pronounce his name . 
  i 'm officially fucked off !, 
  timing belt change as often as 40k km ? 
  i thought that was every 100k ? 
  not a pizza guy , but i have a story . 
  i used to be a door man at a local venue , and one quiet night these two cougars come by looking to see the band or whatever . 
  the first one pays , goes in . 
  the second one * sticks her hand down my pants * grabs my dick , then says `` why dont you just let me in for free '' , releases my dick then jabs something down my pocket and pays to get in .
