  i love my white standard from 2006 . 
  i 'm a new blue belt ( february ) , and my only rule in bjj is `` do n't quit , dark pasta '' . 
  i know i suck , i 'm supposed to suck and i * do * suck . 
  but i suck way less now than may 2014 when i started and could n't even fucking complete the warm ups . 
  they have also , maybe ironically , produced quite a few solid internationals for spain . 
  exteberria , llorente and urzaiz being a few examples . 
  no alanis circle jerk , nothing to see here . 
  because its legal where i live . 
  rayo vallecano , traditionally left wing . 
  what am i attracted to your eye ? 
  doctor ? 
  for me its puke . 
  can i get a r/hailcorporate ? 
  amen, 
  go ahead and sleep on the power couch . 
  your training begins tomorrow , at the crack of noon . 
  it 's a seymour duncan . 
  that 's all i have . 
  q : why do men with small testes care so much about being alpha ? 
  it 's called laproaigh . 
  it 's single malt whisky . 
  you pour it an a glass . 
  no ice . 
  then you drink it . 
  lern one and get good at it . 
  take single leg , for example . 
  it looks easy , but needs tons of reps to get the technique right , but once you have it down you 've got something to build an attack on . 
  spurs fans : do you think kieran trippier could make walkers spot his ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  the few games i 've seen with him playing , he looked quite good . 
  not if he leaves , innit . 
  it would indeed be funny if they replaced kyle walker with kyle walker . 
  playing music . 
  touring . 
  great if you 're in the foo fighters , i guess . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm elated that an onion can make people that happy . 
  sounds like a plan !, 
  dave !, 
  somebody call that signature guy from pawnstars . 
  `` look , i 'm going to have to frame it , it 's taking up shelf space ... '', 
  it should be legalized , mainly so the resources to enforce laws could be used to battle hard drugs and the other crime that brings with it . 
  and personally , it does n't bother me . 
  of course , dui is a disgusting thing regardless, 
  `` nope '' - me, 
  throw in some gay jokes too , and you got a full monty of ignorant shit going on !, 
  i 've seen worse predicaments, 
  i guess i waited toulon to add anything to this, 
  why on earth ( pun ) would there be * more * land ? 
  creativity takes discipline and hard work . 
  it sounds like a paradox , but it is n't . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  this is the worst of all worst case scenarios . 
  try to stay strong , buddy . 
  i 'm gutted for you . 
  there 's an extra string on that guitar . 
  i was expecting a joke . 
  that is one god . 
  there 's literally thousands of others . 
  what makes yours `` the right one '' ? 
  i do n't believe in religion , simply because all religions realistically are creation myths from a time where humans did not have technology and science . 
  therefore we needed a way to explain our existence . 
  many religions have similar stories ( a great flood , for example ) so a rational approach would be to view religion as a sort of meme that has survived through the times , a set of stories that people would tell around the camp fire that eventually merged into the `` truth '' of how the world came to be . 
  i 've got one . 
  i love it !, 
  i 've never seen a gibson with that kind of case . 
  does anybody know what the case is ? 
  touring band tip :, 
  when you 're ** not ** the headliner :, 
  - when you get to the club , load your shit in and set it up on the floor in an appropriate space . 
  this means , when its your turn to sound check , you just move your ready made kit up on stage in front of the main acts backline and * presto * you 're ready to mic it up . 
  soundguys will love you . 
  ask the sound guy what his name is , you * will * get better treatment . 
  - when you 're done playing : do the opposite . 
  get your shit off quickly , and dismantle it somewhere appropriate ( backstage , load out area , etc. ) . 
  stage hands will love you . 
  - in general : keep you kit a small as possible , for loading ease , for weight saving , time saving . 
  and it looks cooler . 
  a good drummer on a small kit is 100 times cooler than a shit one with 23 cymbals and 8 toms . 
  tldr : do n't assemble/disassemble your shit on stage . 
  it 's a noob move . 
  also : keep gear to a minimum , dude . 
  he 's a lot happier than her . 
  i feel your pain . 
  our house looks like the dog just went mental when we were out , and we do n't even have a dog . 
  travel light . 
  washing machines are fucking everywhere . 
  elder . 
  ... then wait till you hit 40 . 
  shit gets real at 40 . 
  every top club in every top league spends crazy money . 
  in other news , the pope 's still catholic . 
  sheva , mutu , torres spring to mind, 
  so , who 's out ? 
  you just know he 's going to have a banger of a season at everton . 
  from the first xi ... sanchez wo n't be on the bench . 
  so that 's either sterling , sane or kdb . 
  best wishes for the lad . 
  we 've done fucked up on many transfers in later years as well , mind you . 
  not respecting the tap is like pissing on the mat and shitting on helios gi .
