  what if that was your sibling in there ? 
  what ? 
  magic internet points make unicorns happy, 
  so , do you wan na get sued ? 
  enough money to do what i want all day . 
  sorry for your loss , the cure - pictures of you seems appropriate . 
  ogc nice , mate . 
  trim those nails too , bro . 
  free speech is all well and good , please . 
  this is about * tact * . 
  being empathetic . 
  why are you strapping a gun ? 
  next : every dutch player known to mankind linked to everton . 
  that poll was so gay . 
  nice !, 
  sarah jessica parker !, 
  whatever . 
  magical internet points !, 
  magical internet points !, 
  magical internet points !, 
  magical internet points !, 
  magical internet points !, 
  * shrugs *, 
  see what i did there ? 
  all right , calm down gurrl, 
  he 's got ta be elected in the first place guys, 
  he 's got ta be elected in the first place guys, 
  two day hangovers, 
  goddamn that 's a long pier, 
  not everything is about ze germans, 
  viking power !!!, 
  wait , wilsheres not asian ? 
  good , get that shit out of there !, 
  they were never that great ? 
  the germans looked pretty solid . 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ england ^ ^, 
  football , mate, 
  cilessen would be an amazing signing for them . 
  theres a very complex reason behind that . 
  one is jews traditinally had no land , they were stateless tradesmen - lived off their talent instead of farming , and thus were `` tricksters '' . 
  they also have a strict moral code , and were often successful in their endeavours , which led to jealousy perhaps . 
  the catholic church has villified jews thru the ages as well as `` christ killers '' , and maintained that they were inclined to sorcery etc. 
  add that to the mid war retoric made by the nazis , and you have yourself a pretty ugly situation . 
  the new sumac record !, 
  aaron turner from isis , brian cook from russian circles , nick zcaxcxzcacxzxacxzxcaczxzyn from baptists . 
  heavier than the jack in the box breakfast menu . 
  pepe is a true gentleman and an ambassador to the game . 
  i am for it . 
  hell does n't exist . 
  you 're good op, 
  ask him what music he wants to play and teach him a song he likes, 
  clear foul on, 
  ibra and maxwell ftfy, 
  in case some people need reminding . 
  shitting on your own players does n't win you the cup . 
  honestly mand\u017euki\u0107 is a proper cunt, 
  his job is to score, 
  i 'd do it for $ 10000, 
  huh huh huh huh, 
  patrick stewart . 
  engage . 
  he was to busy admiring himself on the plasma screen to do it on the pitch, 
  edit : take cover , the kids gave logged on, 
  who knows really , not even we understand, 
  andy carroll , really, 
  not far from the truth sadly, 
  new rich assholes that check facebook while driving , vote for near-nazis and have absolutely no regard for human suffering . 
  karma is way over due for these douches . 
  cheers . 
  i wo n't keep term on the bike , they will only be used for weekend trips and such . 
  thanks !, 
  one of the kids i reckon, 
  this post just made me really happy both my brothers are at the least very critical of religion, 
  so ... not just the tip ? 
  likes/upvotes/magical internet points, 
  this is a qt movie waiting to happen, 
  i think they 're both great films . 
  most bostonians would argue their town is n't small . 
  thank jebus i 'm old and saw them in 1998 . 
  there 's a lot more tattoos now . 
  they were absolutely insane . 
  what was her job ? 
  that one time zog made that crazy tribal beat on the tribe log after the hunt , and utuk and goool went crazy , shaking their heads up and down effectively making the first pit . 
  all the time is my favorite time, 
  is this one of those `` my baby snapped a pic of me sleeping '' , and then you can see in the reflection that they took it themselves ? 
  mr. chekov , take the helm . 
  those are totally real by the way, 
  there might be a chance somebody is fucking with the audience here . 
  it 's * too good * . 
  that is infuriating, 
  banter train , next stop chesterfield . 
  and thus ... 
  strange to think forest actually won the european cup not that long ago . 
  way back when managers could be fucking raging drank on the sidelines . 
  you can still buy all of this . 
  the disposable camera . 
  you had 24 pics , they all turned out crap and that was your entire documentation of the whole summer . 
  france , mate . 
  italy . 
  go on son,
