  i 'm betting around ten thousand moneys on that he 's wearing cargo shorts . 
  agreed , it 's either fix up the sv quite a bitfor me , or i might just get a nuda . 
  that took me way too long to notice . 
  got a heel * whack * just behind the ear , result : concussion and out for 3-4 weeks . 
  the guy was just trying to close his guard . 
  i tip my waitress/waiter . 
  outgoing and confident . 
  hair of the dog, 
  20 + times . 
  do well , get offers from elsewhere , use offers as leverage to get pay rise . 
  bonus : if they ca n't match it - * leave * . 
  and the proud tradition of * great hair * for england continues . 
  oh , this joke again !, 
  oh , you would !, 
  you 're sayin vincent kompany is * better * than gerard wiekens ? 
  i remember at age 9 or 10 , i had been playing with friends in the woods and came back to find the house empty , my parents were both out somewhere and my young brothers too . 
  the door was unlocked though , and i immediately ( and panic stricken ) thought they had all somehow been taken to heaven and the rapture was coming , as i had been indoctrinated to think from infancy . 
  i remember just breaking down , because for me it was * real * and i was now left behind , just like they had told me sinners would be left behind . 
  i absolutely panicked , and even now some 30 years later it 's still one of my strongest childhood memories . 
  josh homme is a ~ ~ golden ~ ~ * ginger * god, 
  ftfy, 
  i know , religion is * that * awesome . 
  the interviewer in question here is none other than matt sweeney of chavez , zwan and bonnie prince billy fame . 
  the dude is a fuckin guitar genius . 
  people have short memories . 
  ten-fifteen years ago that list would comprise of edghill , wiekens , howey , huckerby , benarbia etc. 
  we are in a wondeful place . 
  we ` re actually * whining * because we lost to barca or juve ? 
  for chrissake , losing to gillingham seems like only yesterday !, 
  you never , never , `` change teams '' . 
  i 'm looking at you across the pond . 
  `` macgyver bikes and boats '', 
  revving for kids is mandatory imo . 
  or the whole wimbledon affair . 
  the funniest scooters are the ones that try to rev-bomb me at red lights . 
  i have delkevic exhaust . 
  they do n't . 
  yes, 
  he himself even admitted he was n't world class . 
  myth : confirmed !, 
  ** what ?!!? 
  almost every player ever fits this category . 
  at mount doom , i presume . 
  bilic for next fifa president !, 
  i 'm a musician and i have moulded ones with a -25 db filter in them . 
  my tinnitus is already quite advanced , so on high speed roads , the plugs are indispensable . 
  rick astley walks into a bar , swiftly orders a beer and says to the barman :, 
  indeed , i put it there to double as a kill switch , it works fine there . 
  my board is very basic and pragmatic , function over form kind of thing . 
  i sing at the same time as playing guitar , so that 's the reason behind the spacing of the pedals as well . 
  it 's bad to hit the wrong one !, 
  i find the actual sound way more interesting when the delay after the rat , i 've tried it the other way too . 
  thanks , i do . 
  this actual * board * has seen about 100 shows , but the pedals way more , maybe 250-300 . 
  i 've had the rat for at least 15 years , so that 's seen maybe 500 . 
  that wah does n't work anymore either , so nowadays i just plug into the rat , so only two pedals . 
  the tuner belongs to my wife , as i tend to break them every other year , and ca n't be arsed to buy one right now . 
  looking to replace the wah with something completely different , perhaps a pog2 . 
  actually , flights tend to be a pretty easy affair . 
  they 've seen boards before . 
  but coming into airport security with two guitar cases , this pelican case * and * my personal stuff in a suitcase gets really expensive sometimes . 
  in switzerland i had to pay like almost 500 euro to check in the extra stuff . 
  did he even score for us ? 
  i cant remember . 
  cheers . 
  i like how this wenger comments on united headline turned into everyone talking trash about city . 
  must be nice to be twelve . 
  thanks !, 
  have a great week end there , buddy !, 
  i like how everybody is downvoting people being nice !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'd rather not say who i am , but if you 're into `` post-hardcore '' you might know my band . 
  sg and fender bassman ( silverface 100w head ), 
  i would actually love to see klopp at liverpool, 
  i 'm 39 . 
  commuter/weekend rider . 
  i do n't mind rain , but draw the line at freezing temperatures . 
  peter cech , in goal for czech republic . 
  the dude . 
  we need an answer op . 
  this is disturbing . 
  i only have one : travel solo around the world . 
  just me and a backpack for at least 6 months . 
  just to see where it takes me . 
  yes . 
  the commentary section under that video though ... 
  silva plays for sweden ? 
  for the outrage . 
  and , lets face it - he 's pretty good . 
  they are very different players in very different roles . 
  but , that being said : kdb . 
  debuted with 2 goals and an assist against swansea . 
  and ended the season with agueroooooooooooooooo !, 
  in the 93rd agains qpr . 
  legend . 
  yes , he was citys player of the year as well . 
  solid debut season , i would say . 
  btw ; how do you not know that , being a rag ? 
  2 goals and an assist in 30 minutes iirc . 
  moyes would 've played him at left back .
