  what about mutu ? 
  rodwell and scott sinclair coming to us was n't great for anybody . 
  i 'm not going to mention javi garcia . 
  an out of form rafael van der vaart, 
  where is he now ? 
  i asked my wife : she said becks . 
  my vote is buffon , i would trade faces with buffon . 
  smoke less weed . 
  how can you * not * mention javi . 
  he has the face of an angel and the passing skills of dean whitehead . 
  thats right , i do n't know anything about modern tattoo inks . 
  one of my best friends is a tattoer , though . 
  i miss javi . 
  i used to work as a bartender for several years . 
  the most * memorable * thing must be the afterparty that happened at a restaurant i worked at . 
  the line chef ( cook ) , two waitresses , myself ( i was a guest , i had already quit working there ) and another barman ( my buddy ) were present , plus the female manager . 
  well , after a couple of bottles of wine , the cook laid out some coke , and all but myself and the manager proceeded to do lines , j\u00e4ger shots etc. 
  well , one thing led to another and soon the girls were making out and starting to hint that they wanted * this and that * done to them . 
  i gtfo , because i 'm married and i do n't need that kind of drama . 
  well , a couple of days later i get the whole story from my mate ( the other bartender ) . 
  they had all gotten naked after i left and done a five-way , in which pretty much * everything * imaginable had gone down . 
  eating assholes full of coke , double penetration , the lot . 
  i know it 's true , because our town is n't that big , and rumors started flying around that the cook had been fired because of a `` disagreement '' with the manager-lady . 
  my friend also quit because of the aftermath , and the whole place seemingly went to shit afterwards . 
  much drama . 
  i know the manager still , and knowing her , i know this is n't the first time ( or last ) thing like this will happen . 
  i also had a customer fall down a flight of stonework stairs once , complete with seizures on top of what must have been a mix of pills and booze . 
  he was about an inch away from breaking his neck . 
  tl , dr : group sex at after party , much drama . 
  i saw myself blink in the mirror . 
  i have friends in the restaurant business , i 'll invest 15k in two of their new ventures . 
  luckily one of them takes off . 
  the last 5k is for a new car . 
  i really need a car . 
  you 're a funny little bugger , ai n't cha . 
  no , we 're adults . 
  about goddamn fucking time, 
  spot on !, 
  if ever a guy needed a proper haircut . 
  a real madrid supporter just called me posh . 
  you 're a child . 
  tool fans are pretty religious about their support for the band . 
  the best choice you could have made . 
  my favorite islay . 
  delph is underrated imo . 
  great vision , good passer of the ball . 
  he ` s a tad bit small , but a good box to box midfielder who will add depth to our side . 
  no bad albums , no bad songs . 
  i have a lot of stuff like that . 
  i just kept them all , and combined with my `` good '' tattoos they find their place . 
  i like them as a testament to my younger , stupider days . 
  tree of life is one of the best films i ` ve seen . 
  much like reading a a great novel , it leaves you with a feeling of might i dare say , change , more than being merely entertained . 
  yes . 
  some of us were far stupider than most , though ... 
  she does not know how to make it on time to anything . 
  we ` re perpetually late for * everything * because of her . 
  i was actually kind of surprised when she made it to our wedding on time . 
  that thing you do to me . 
  this is getting embarrassing, 
  `` get busy living , or get busy dying '' . 
  the law of the lan, 
  freedom foam , they call it . 
  palace top 10 , then . 
  now all you need is a completely new back four . 
  i dislike liverpool * more * than united now . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  i can see delph playing along side dinho , quite possible it ` s feernando who will get less games . 
  i rate delph over our no. 6 . 
  yayas probably going to play in the hole , and that ` s good news for us . 
  i just googled williamson , and i astonished by the fact that he has 134 pl starts for magpies . 
  he better assist and/or score in every match for that insane fee, 
  aaaaaand edit : i hate what is happening to city . 
  when did we become this club that everybody loves to hate , known for insane fees , cake , fucking buying overpriced sterling and his like . 
  fuck , i almost miss the days of horlock and huckerby for chrissake . 
  you look perfectly normal . 
  i can ` t see why you couldn ` t get tattooed . 
  still doesn ` t justify having to pay double for players . 
  besides we weren ` t always rich , i remember . 
  just get him a proper shirt number . 
  with that 31 he looks like a bellend . 
  easy now, 
  well i liked us . 
  it may be better to rate the best player of a * generation * . 
  the pace of the game has quickened , players today are stronger athletes etc. 
  in many ways it ` s unfair to compare generations . 
  imo some `` mid-level '' ( let ` s say at chamions league level ) players from today would completely dominate the game a generation ago . 
  beating child molesters to a pulp, 
  lower your goals , set them to a managable level . 
  you don ` t have to be great , just be good . 
  skydiving . 
  in general , just jumping off great heights make me shake my head in disbelief . 
  i ` m betting you don ` t have kids ? 
  i think carragher should comment on * every * move like he did this one . 
  honestly , the drama around all things liverpool is extremely entertaining . 
  because im 39 , and statistically im halfway gone already , and theres so much left to do and see . 
  so , so many things i havent tasted , smelled , so many fucking great people i havent yet met . 
  so many places i havent been . 
  not to mention seeing my two baby daughters grow up to be women with ideas , experience and their own life of lovers and regrets . 
  its a ride , stay on it .
