  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and i 'm happy on the sv650 if that helps . 
  maybe he just went out for a kebab, 
  did you ride a s or a naked ? 
  big difference . 
  youri djorkaeff was half armenian , go figure, 
  the question now is : can we get someone * more * expensive , please ? 
  silva in the middle thurr , mate . 
  you might as well want to clear out a shelf right away . 
  for yourself . 
  apollo 69, 
  like united never sold a youngster . 
  well , joe hart , denayer ( sort of ) & nacho at the moment . 
  but we 've always played youth . 
  look at our squads the last 20 seasons . 
  always academy players in the first xi there . 
  thing is , the last 6 years have been different , we 've gone to a new and higher level , and the youth have yet to reach that level , but they will eventually . 
  well , to flip the coin : who in this years united xi is an academy player ? 
  evans and wilson are hardly `` first team '' . 
  if all else fails : use your whole hand , hold it up flat in front of you , palm out - and punch the attacker in the nose hard as fuck . 
  their eyes will water , and the pain will be intense . 
  then run . 
  style is not relevant in survival . 
  well , that 's better than our current situation . 
  chelsea : you won the fucking draw . 
  tell * me * about it, 
  hey : shut it . 
  never gon na give you up, 
  you know when they hit the guy in the movie with the chair ? 
  yeah , the chair does n't break in real life , ok movie ? 
  in fact , the guy will probably be on the ground , and wo n't be getting up for a while . 
  not quite like dad . 
  some people think the office is a real documentary , you know, 
  * vale * ( pronounced bale ) means `` okay '' . 
  who cares what the daily mail thinks ( makes up ) ? 
  easy : wan na train hard ? 
  train at a competition focused school . 
  wan na get in shape and shoot the shit with other dads ? 
  find a nice flow rolling place . 
  why ? 
  was n't brunt a winger six months ago ? 
  all that 's missing is colonel parker . 
  cue * elvis has left the building * jokes . 
  i would n't trade either , so i guess we 're good ? 
  every time yaya nets a screamer from 25 yards out . 
  i like this united side . 
  yaya looks like stringer bell now with his new bearded look , so regardless he 'll be on top of his business . 
  yeah , i remember one of my first road lessons ( teacher trailing right behind ) in a bright orange `` traffic school '' vest , a kind rider gave me a wawe and i went `` whoa , that 's cool * i 'm in the club !, 
  where i 'm from theres a obligatory number of traffic lessons you need to take before you can get your licence . 
  and they cost a ton of cash as well . 
  if the man comin ' , make ready for the man, 
  it was a virtual * inferno * of 7-1 jokes . 
  that is absolutely hilarious . 
  west ham are a good team , in a major metropolis , with great fans and tradition . 
  shaquri to stoke is more of a puzzle to me . 
  top bantz mate . 
  top , top banana . 
  all right , just used an example , could 've just as easily mentioned leicester . 
  my full licence set me back about 2500 euro . 
  cambiasso playing for leicester also puzzles me . 
  so does aguero playing for us , in fact . 
  the fact that city is good now , is something i 'm not yet used to . 
  so does nigel pearsons son . 
  i hope nacho gets that next season . 
  that is on par with the best teams in europe . 
  we can do some terrible damage now . 
  i wave , and sometimes i do the devil horns if the other bike is really rad . 
  charlie austin is going * somewhere * tomorrow . 
  i buy it on itunes . 
  if i * really * like it , i get it on vinyl . 
  i had the power to be ignored by females . 
  i live life on the edge !, 
  sure , i used to * love * playing big kits - especially when ( trying ) to play metal . 
  scaling it down just felt natural over the years as i learned new things , and to play them on fewer drums . 
  i currently play a 4 piece ( but with huge drums , 24 '' kick 18 '' floor and 14 '' rack ) and use two cymbals ( 20 '' & 22 '' ) only , plus hats of course . 
  i find i can do most things i want still , but * occationally * i think `` man , wish i had extra toms and some more lids '' . 
  just for the hell of it . 
  buttons , we all love buttons . 
  because of kanye west . 
  is n't navas actually really good ? 
  this sounds like horrible business from real madrid . 
  you 've been '' * van gaalled '' . 
  `` in england , rooney is a world-class footballer in the world . '' - paul merson, 
  he 's obviously on the wrong meds . 
  sv power !, 
  the sound of my twin making sweet love to my ears . 
  just wait and see . 
  i 'll just hop on the sv train here . 
  it 's a great bike . 
  when i get my blue , i 'm going to go full smurf all the time !, 
  i have that exact same bike , same color and everything . 
  mine has a delkevic exhaust , but otherwise identical . 
  it ' s a great first bike , tons of fun and easy for everyday riding . 
  i 'm in europe , but mine has run close to 40k kilometers , and so far no problems at all . 
  jordy clasie to soton is solid, 
  how do you know ? 
  are you gandalf ? 
  dunnie is the only name i ` ve printed on the back of a shirt . 
  still have my 01/02 kit with `` 22 dunne `` on the back . 
  in * bavaria * as well , shots fired . 
  the hair tells it all , mate .
