  `` you have big hands '' . 
  true story, 
  cool , they 're good people . 
  just paying it forward . 
  i made two kids with them , so i 'll take that compliment . 
  i wash all my stuff * after every training session * , yes the belt too . 
  i do n't want to have icky stuff growing on my person or any of my team mates . 
  this joke * radiated * toward me . 
  i 'm concerned for the fallout . 
  what will the long term effects be ? 
  was ripped off so many time i ca n't count during my week there . 
  it felt like i had a sign on my back saying `` stupid westener '' . 
  the secret is influenced by crusty hardcore bands like his hero is gone and early old school black metal . 
  they 're still metal as fuck . 
  their bassist lolo is in hierophant which you might want to check out . 
  if you like these bands , bands like gaza , yob and tragedy might also tickle your fancy . 
  i 'm such a fan of all these bands , so i 'll just say any one of their records are good . 
  pallbearer is another band you might wan na check out . 
  on another note , do you like high on fire ? 
  check that out too . 
  not your fault , you find scoudrels everywhere . 
  it 's just that i was there in the off season , and it seemed like i was a target . 
  then again , i 'm blond and 6 ' 3 '' so i guess i stood out from the crowd . 
  there is another band from the same place i like ( bologna ) , but they are more `` post metal '' . 
  they 're called postvorta . 
  top man, 
  our school does krav on the same mats . 
  trumpetdans youtube channel . 
  i like . 
  a nice old lady used to call me several times a month , trying to reach her son . 
  i know our numbers were really similar , because she would state which number she was trying to get . 
  she was really sweet and would always apologize `` oh , dear , i 've called you * again * , so sorry '' . 
  well , eventually she introduced herself , and i did too , and every time she mis dialed ( it would happen often ) we would actually exchange pleasantries and ask how our day went etc. 
  she was a nice old lady ( she called me `` dear boy '' ) , and a bit forgetful , so she would generally ask me the same questions a couple of times . 
  this went on for a period of maybe three years , until suddenly i did n't hear from her again . 
  i suppose she died ( or somebody actally programmed her phone ) . 
  i still think about that old lady from time to time . 
  the sopranos , never happened . 
  not ripped off , but * ripped off * as in taxi scams , hotels suddenly changing rates and being outright robbed . 
  i know how to haggle . 
  i 'd get those, 
  time . 
  people grow apart . 
  some people grow up , some do n't . 
  some stay eigteen for the rest of their lives . 
  the first one that comments '' * that 's what i wan na do too * '' : prepare to be broke and alone . 
  shawshank redemtion 2 : the revenge . 
  i 'd see it . 
  to be honest , i 've toured europe and the us as a musician for over ten years , traveled alone in thailand and been around the block . 
  i never get into trouble , and i think that i have street smarts . 
  this trip to morocco however was something completely different . 
  i just felt like a target , and it 's one of the few times i 've felt unsafe abroad . 
  i mean i 've staggered around drunk and alone in reno for chrissake , and still this felt way worse . 
  have n't been to india , but my brother has and he said about the same thing . 
  i still want to go though . 
  when getting awoken by the phone , the caller asks `` oh , sorry were you awake ? 
  '' , everyone answers `` oh , no no no '' . 
  mark ruffalo won . 
  real estate agents . 
  i delete my account every time somebody finds out who i am . 
  this is my fourth one . 
  where tony is comatose ? 
  those are brilliant !, 
  the new tatami estilo offers many different sizes . 
  put your vitals in this thang :, 
  who you gon na call ? 
  ghostbusters !, 
  daniel norris ' hipster score : mvp, 
  it 's quite pungent . 
  steve harris . 
  have you gotten laid * in the costume * before ? 
  you see , theres * this * . 
  every part of maiden is pure genius . 
  the drummer : nicko has that * thing * , that flow very few have . 
  his footwork is amazing . 
  his fills are cool . 
  he mixes it up live , he jams and has tons of fun , just look at the guy . 
  the guitarists : they are all great , great soloists . 
  they write songs , each with a different style , but it all fits in the maiden sound . 
  they also have the musical balls to play a riff as simple as , say 2 minutes to midnight , even with their abilities . 
  dickinson : the frontman . 
  i 've seen them 10 + times . 
  all stadium shows . 
  he somehow manages to connect with 30 - 50 thousand people , all the while running around like a mad man , singing perfectly , and like nicko , seems to have tons of fun - even after 30 + years playing the same songs . 
  then theres harry : he writes 80 % of the material . 
  most of the lyrics . 
  is one of the most recognizable guys in metal , or in all of rock . 
  his playing is in the lack of a better word * genre creating * . 
  he is the leader , the captain . 
  and , yet he hates the limelight and is still humble when most of their contemporaries have over blown egos , and whose careers are either over , or pariodies of themselves . 
  maiden , and steve harris in particular , still do this because of the music , they love it and it shows . 
  i 've never seen a bad show by them . 
  if their riffs are formulaic , it 's because they invented the formula . 
  up the irons !, 
  we have two long haired guys at my school . 
  one of them wears it loose , the other guy does the hipster bun . 
  it 's almost like you 'd think he catches things for a living . 
  `` i can resist anything but temptation . 
  hey , so we are the same height and i was 275 when i started in june last year . 
  i had a lot of trouble in the beginning , i could n't even complete the warm up the first month or so .
