  easy to manage for being a quite powerful bike . 
  arda * average * ? 
  wow , did he just go for the `` shut up , fatty '' response ? 
  no , in europe , no . 
  no such thing . 
  theres so many levels of dissage in that sentence , it ` s almost genius level . 
  if the standard is 5th grade dissing , that is . 
  or a rich mans jason shackell, 
  i think most people tend to forget how skillful rio was on the ball . 
  you know when youre driving and changing lanes without indicating beforehand ? 
  thats how you kill a biker . 
  dont forget campfire on an oilrig, 
  my taylor 114e cost me 500 bucks . 
  great attitude . 
  i ` m a biker , and careless car driving is the cause of most accidents involving bikers . 
  what causes a minor scuffle between cars usually gets the biker in serious trouble at the very least . 
  man , that intersport logo on the marseille jersey is ugly . 
  do n't we know it , matey . 
  he did recently get oil checked by jara . 
  bring on the downer arrows . 
  we already ordered yayas cake for 2016 . 
  just you wait and see . 
  he 'll be ecstatic . 
  i ` ts well nice . 
  imagine an orchestra with two conductors . 
  planes mistaken for stars . 
  what do you remember from before you were born ? 
  it 's like that i would guess . 
  ask arsene ? 
  i just do n't rate him . 
  a squad as good as arsenals , and they do n't really have a * good * striker , it 's puzzling to me . 
  they have money , so it 's on wenger then , he just does n't want to shell out the cash for a top striker to comlipment that midfield . 
  i 'm happy he wo n't though , otherwise arse would be truly terrifying . 
  so * that 's * what i meant by : ask wenger . 
  he could 've bought just about anybody except true world beaters , but he sticks with olly . 
  i do n't get it . 
  nile seems to have a hard time understanding that he 's not in wu-tang . 
  he 's a footballer . 
  yes . 
  denayer, 
  i lost my virginity in 1992 , and thus could 've fathered 8 of their starters . 
  damn . 
  hi , of all the places you visited , where could you imagine settling down ? 
  good one, 
  old crow for sure, 
  interpol or joy division, 
  you sure about that ? 
  all righty !, 
  ok , new order or kraftwerk ? 
  ok , emerson , lake and palmer or king crimson ? 
  gordon strachan played for coventry in his 40s i believe . 
  psycho was also 40 in the last season he played for city . 
  between the lines : agent is tapping up price for his client . 
  not * current * player , but patrick vieira . 
  i 'd have to say no . 
  do n't get drunk before you makethe speech . 
  also : make sure you do n't make an ass of the groom . 
  be funny , but be nice . 
  everybodys there to have a good time , not to hear about that time you and the groom snorted coke off a strippers tits in mexico . 
  source : my best man `` over-shared '' , not quite like my example , but still . 
  you take reddit too seriously op . 
  look , i 've toured for years with my old fender bassman 100 head . 
  my guesstimate is that i 've played 700 shows on the thing . 
  it 's a mid-seventies silverface . 
  i 've got a flightcase for it , but still : it 's fallen from the cab mid-show . 
  it fell out of the van ( not moving ) . 
  i 've spilt x amount of beers on it , and the thing still works . 
  i wish cars were as reliable as tube amps . 
  just change the tubes once in a full moon , and you 're good . 
  yes , a delkevic, 
  i do n't know what the means . 
  i 'm from europe . 
  i actually love it too , i just worried that it was n't supposed to ... 
  that is amazing news . 
  my first thought was falling man by delillo, 
  robinho comes to mind, 
  hugz, 
  plus points for lego hair, 
  on the money, 
  hitting 40 is no joke !, 
  i thought he was in nofx, 
  johnathan greening mate, 
  we 'll be shit again , my friend . 
  united , * underdog * . 
  now i 've heard it all . 
  fucking up at the last minute . 
  i second this . 
  manto x is awesome . 
  my favorite is the inverted gear panda 2.0 the pants in particular are a cut above . 
  a wine opener . 
  we need homegrown players , though . 
  excactly.its a three step motion . 
  appendix . 
  it would 've burst . 
  flannel shirts . 
  til that my passion for excitement in life is gone, 
  because i live in europe, 
  i once met city * legend * and roy keanes best friend alfie haaland at the store , got a picture with him and asked about the whole keano affair . 
  he shrugged it off and said `` shit happens '' , top fella . 
  really ?
