  i was the * musician * , and surprise : i 'm a musician twenty years later . 
  sleep now . 
  i took sleep for granted . 
  well , this cameraman guy just got shot while filming the show * cops * . 
  by the cops he was filming . 
  christianity, 
  is that jamie lee curtis ? 
  maybe you just need to get over the fact that babies cry . 
  black sea access + oil = like having a hot wife , and putin somehow taking an interest . 
  run away !, 
  i se a loan in jason puncheon 's future . 
  falls to the ground 4 times , and he still does n't realise he ca n't fight . 
  lem me get up one more time ... 
  get a nice ride and hats . 
  crashes do break , but in my experience the bigger ones ( 18 '' and 20 '' ) hold it up longer . 
  would you rather have the mouthguard break or your tooth ? 
  i use the 1.6 sisu and it 's great . 
  van gaal forgot to tick the `` high bonus payment in league '' on fm when stating expectations before the new season . 
  it got a cover-up ? 
  lucky you 're here to tell this mildly interesting tale !, 
  50 million pounds cfc paid for him . 
  thats 2,5 million pounds per goal . 
  i 'd be chuffed if i were a chelsea fan . 
  so they do n't read ~ ~ the bible or the constitution ? ~ ~, 
  ftfy, 
  david silva does n't look like a hamster . 
  and i 'm glad they left !, 
  neither have set the footballing world on fire since leaving either ... 
  i remember an interview where ryan giggs stated his youthful ambitions of playing for england . 
  isis opened up a lot of post metal joy for me . 
  get the fuck out of here, 
  bulletproof argument , right there . 
  odin is lord . 
  yo know what happens to people like you in prison ? 
  on another note , i saw you are actually a moderator on this piece of shit subreddit ? 
  i 'm leaving . 
  paedopilia - you 're crossing a line . 
  if you are joking , you 're a fucking dickless asshole . 
  if you mean this shit , i would fuck you up in real life . 
  like beat you from an inch of your life . 
  you better stop, 
  funny thing is , guys like you - all tough on the internet . 
  you 're probably a fat virgin neckbeard . 
  the lads better step it up !, 
  good luck with that . 
  now fuck the hell off, 
  shut up kid . 
  we 're done here, 
  what % of sales do vinyl make up ? 
  good to hear . 
  love lp 's !, 
  how many apples fit in an empty box ? 
  affirmative, 
  not so interesting favt : the singer for nada surf , matt caws , wrote for guitar world . 
  i 'm not blaming the guys , i was just surprised about how little it took for me to have a drink . 
  and they were n't helping , they were giving me * reasons * to drink . 
  i know , it 's not their choice that i 'm trying to sober up . 
  but after two flights and being extremely tired now , i 'm starting to realise the guys in my band were just trying to help out . 
  they kinda knew it was happening anyway . 
  we are n't touring for the rest of the year , this was a one off show . 
  i 'm glad , because if this was a tour i would n't have been able to control myself . 
  i learned a lot about this yesterday . 
  i have a problem . 
  i ca n't avoid the road , i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm lucky enough to have a band with a good fan base , and we have to travel and tour to play . 
  i 'm around booze all the time . 
  i take full responsibility for fucking up . 
  idk . 
  i do n't have a group or sponsor or anything . 
  i always thought i had control . 
  just like iranian women wore bikinis in public in 1978 . 
  after 1979 ? 
  not so much . 
  more like 1079 now . 
  imagine what will happen 40 years from now . 
  putain, 
  i assume you had to throw away your boxers after this ? 
  i love metallica , but lars ulrich is a very bad drummer . 
  like the worst ever . 
  metallica are ( were ) good * despite * of lars . 
  he seems like a total douche , too . 
  all the best slayer songs were written by jeff , imo . 
  yes, 
  for fucks sake, 
  she might even be danish ... 
  til : german hot wives are sluts, 
  [ here ya go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7umux68kte ), 
  i 'm glad, 
  he would n't have been sent off ? 
  surely that 's just a yellow and free kick ? 
  toffees , how do you like mcgeady so far ? 
  thanks for the input , i know sober touring musicians - and they stay sober too . 
  i know it 's do-able , i just need to work all this out in my head first . 
  i only wish we were a big enough outfit to bring wives etc. 
  on tour , then it would be a whole different thing . 
  i could stay away from drinking easily . 
  but , alas , we are nowhere close to that . 
  precisely . 
  we do n't need him !, 
  straight into the bayern side , that says something right there .
