  them curves . 
  how generous of wolfsburg to * accept * 50 million . 
  goodch, 
  self depricating upvote given, 
  probably for the best . 
  he 'll be back , demichelis probably steps back or retires , and he 'll be in the fold . 
  inside city is great , i 'm a little biased . 
  who do uefa think they 're kidding ? 
  bayern will be in our group . 
  not being a whiny asshole . 
  cameron diaz . 
  god ... 
  i love ... carpet . 
  i love ... desk . 
  do n't forget about emmanuel riviere, 
  is that martinez shouting all the bloody time ? 
  tom !, 
  ross !, 
  we have great movement today btw . 
  navas is really great today . 
  cake, 
  it 's a great first bike . 
  power , but not bonkers . 
  pretty manageable as well . 
  you 'll love a sv , colonel . 
  mine is a 2003 , some mods here and there but nothing crazy . 
  i have no idea , as i can only remember watching football since about maradona in ' 86 . 
  never saw pele , cruyff , eusebio etc. 
  cristiano ronaldo to stoke , agents kid brothers neighbour is almost postively sure he heard that on the bus - daily star -, 
  * no , it ` s true !, 
  dead sexy, 
  talking * gangster * . 
  hey , mate , we all know you live with your mum and have a curfew . 
  you ain ` t in wu tang . 
  one day you will see the futility , and the blantantly obvious answer , to your question . 
  we are humans , yes ? 
  humans need air to breathe , food to eat and water to drink . 
  we are fucking up the planet that produce the foundation for these things . 
  we need to care care of the planet , or we will discontinue being humans . 
  laphroaig , a toss up between the ten year old and the quarter cask . 
  your motorcycle helmet . 
  edgy, 
  same thing happened to me , was alone with my first for a couple of hours . 
  very strange indeed . 
  i remember being left alone with her , and thinking `` the nurses are leving me alone with her ? 
  but i have no idea what to do ! '', 
  it was like a switch went off inside me , and i instantly went into `` protector mode '' in lack of a better word . 
  i felt very connected to them , and felt my role was to shield them from others . 
  strange.and also , very exhausting and overwhelming . 
  you wo n't believe it , but that * exact * same thing happened to me . 
  they drew blood from my first born , and my fists clenched . 
  how tall ar you , and how did you like the duc scrambler ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' myself , and i 'm thinking about the scrambler . 
  same . 
  i kept thinking `` oh , you 're actually doing * that * there , ok '' . 
  op , if i can weigh in a little : you are riding preety carelessly . 
  take it easy . 
  ok , i 'm 191 , so i guess we 're in the same boat . 
  i 've never ridden anything close to new , so i do n't mind either  i 'm not a big racer , so it ' l be a commute bike with the occational ride about . 
  you do n't need strength . 
  anybody proficient in jiujitsu could choke you out in five seconds . 
  technique trumps strength any day . 
  well , as a 6 ' 3 '' , 245 lbs bjj practititioner , i would say that if that 5 ' 1 '' 115lbs female is a good technical blue belt ( or up ) , and knows her techninques - gets a solid rnc on me right away , i 'd struggle to do much if she took my back like in the video . 
  it 's a blood choke , and it comes on fast . 
  i could body slam her , of course , and that would most likely get her off . 
  but then again , i know what i 'm doing , and most drunk bro guys do n't . 
  i 'm not stabbing in the dark here . 
  i 've rolled with girls half my size , and they gave me * tons * of trouble . 
  and , yes , i 'm not anywhere near * good * at bjj , but i 'm guessing i would give * most * of the people that have opinions here a really hard time just trying to get me to the ground . 
  that girl knew what she was doing , ergo my original claim . 
  shake 'n bake !, 
  boners ? 
  really ? 
  ah , the annual `` laugh at the poor day '' at dude bro kappa phi . 
  winter is coming . 
  i know , on a daily basis . 
  but , while rolling ? 
  i just find it strange . 
  cause and effect, 
  get the 2003 . 
  less miles . 
  fuel injection . 
  no brainer . 
  i ride the same bike , it ` s a really good first bike . 
  totally , i guess some people here watch ufc and decided they know enough about fighting to offer an opinion , but like you say , every factor has to be weighed in here . 
  in * many * cases a smaller sized human * can indeed * take a bigger sized human down simply by executing proper technique . 
  taking your shoes off at peoples houses . 
  where i live , it ` s the opposite . 
  * please * let it be nicol\u00e1s gait\u00e1n, 
  this guy !, 
  my horse is n't high , he stopped smoking weed a year ago !, 
  god !, 
  diego costa . 
  ok , he 's a bit of a troublemaker , but he seems like a good lad off the pitch and you just ca n't help to admire the balls on that guy . 
  can i just say this ? 
  i 'm already sick of kdb , regardless of where he actually ends up . 
  they only count 300000 people in total , that 's insane . 
  take their contribution to music into account as well , those icelanders . 
  damn vikings . 
  sweden won the u-21 euros , so sweden .
