  i doubt 99 % of whats being said on that sub ever happened , much less in public . 
  i 've got two . 
  love sg 's . 
  pink floyd - the wall . 
  now , * i love this record * , but it 's still pretentious to the n'th degree . 
  no , it 's worth it . 
  better to have a good guitar , than one you grow out of . 
  been hurt 3 times this year already . 
  i 'm bummed out and have hit the first real obstacle in my training . 
  how does one keep motivation up while not training ? 
  i ca n't sit around watching matches on youtube , it does n't work for me . 
  frustration is hitting me big time . 
  i think i 'm spazzing . 
  it 's hard to tell for a spaz to know if he is . 
  on the other hand , i 've been hurt by blue belts all three times . 
  but i might have been spazzing into their correct moves . 
  the first was a scissor sweep that sidelined me for 3 weeks , next it was an ill timed take down ( he admitted it ) - out for a month , the last one was a concussion . 
  still out from that one . 
  well , less and less - but i tend to do this more when rolling with the blues . 
  thanks , in the words of kurt osiander - i 'll shut up and train, 
  i have no idea . 
  he sweeped me , and i got stuck in a sense . 
  yeah , i 've done this a couple of times . 
  it 's a nice way to keep up ... 
  my calf muscle swelled up and i got a bruise the size of a foot . 
  a * wall * ? 
  like a metaphorical wall ? 
  dude , duuuuuude . 
  yup , t ` was the bottom leg , it went swoosh then bam . 
  i prob landed hard on his heel . 
  if you find a stream , follow it down to the river . 
  theres people around rivers . 
  playing banjos . 
  if clothed , just undress . 
  see , now you 're asking questions that just confirms that i 'm a total and utter spaz . 
  * i have no f ** king idea * , haha . 
  plus : this injury was in january , i 've had two more since that one !, 
  i see milton is back there waiting for a piece of cake . 
  now milton , do n't be greedy , let 's pass it along and make sure everyone gets a piece . 
  apply this theory to every major corporation too , and you 're getting somewhere . 
  steal a candy bar ? 
  jail . 
  steal 30 million peoples savings , you get a government bailout . 
  listen : that is an infection . 
  you need medical help . 
  good point, 
  auditory old-man wank is now my favorite term for long winded music . 
  thanks !, 
  i did tkd and can vouch for that . 
  tom cruise, 
  i find my opinion on them to be reciprocal to their opinion on me being a meat eater . 
  one guy can be vegan and totally ok with a carnivore , and others totally judgemental . 
  `` she 's a handsome woman '' . 
  i have an idea for a game in which you play a gamer that plays games in the game . 
  the objective is to get high scores both in the game and in the game , get it ? 
  it 's called `` meta game '' . 
  my main problem is that i 'm stuck in the wage earning machine . 
  fake it until you make it . 
  finish college . 
  is that joey castillo on drums ? 
  yup , and i do n't get all the hate alien 3 gets . 
  i love that film . 
  iron maiden by iron maiden from the record iron maiden . 
  my only goal is to not quit bjj . 
  i did tkd for years ( and genuinely thought that was the * most * bad ass martial art ) , but my friend who does bjj kept pestering me about this * jiujitsu * thing . 
  so finally i caved , and went . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i 've been with my wife for ten years , but she 's been with me for eleven , on account of all the extra time she seems to have every single fucking day . 
  i do n't think we 've ever been on time for * anything * . 
  whenever i see someone clad in traditional religious garb , be it muslim , jew or christian - i just get this urge to punch them in the face . 
  goes for both genders . 
  riding your bike in traffic . 
  fuck that . 
  preachy vegans who have no issue driving a huge suv . 
  i went absolutely mental . 
  i surprised myself . 
  in eidur gudjohnsens debut for iceland , he came on as a substitute for his father arnor gudjohnsen . 
  d. boon, 
  all of them carry a purse . 
  it still takes about five minutes to find the house key . 
  yes . 
  if i ask `` where is x '' , and the reply is `` in the purse '' , i panic and just get her the thing . 
  i gave up battling that thing years ago . 
  it ' strangely related to the feeling of anger . 
  you know that tingeling feeling you get down your spine when you get really angry , like an animal urge takes over ? 
  like that , only good . 
  and your mind kinda shuts down , and you become slightly like the cookie monster , only it 's not about cookies . 
  it 's a very focused urge to get busy . 
  how can a question about making an account on a social media site be tagged * serious * ? 
  i 'm a dude , but my tip would be to stop thinking somebodys * worthy * of anything depending on how they look . 
  you know that movie fatal attraction ? 
  dude , the lithium is n't working, 
  haha !, 
  the wheel . 
  chris brown , beaten to death by a woman . 
  i have two kids , and when people tell me `` i do n't want kids '' , i go `` good call '' . 
  you mean uphill . 
  dishing out conclusions based on one , obviously humourous , sentence makes you out to be exactly the kind of person that 's a * great * role model and fellow human . 
  i hope you have many children , and plan on getting many , many more . 
  i have two .
