  i too want to train with kurt !, 
  i got a 27 . 
  i guess we 're in the same boat . 
  rich people are assholes, 
  but in this case it ' s an * actual * rock and an * actual * pair of scissors . 
  i 'd literally go fuck myself . 
  my instructor is 5 ' 7 '' , 150 lbs . 
  you can get better porn than watching your sister rub one out , you know . 
  `` soooo , ever had an abortion ? '', 
  my $ 0.02 , i quit doing another martial art years ago , pretty much the same reasoning . 
  i got out of shape , and missed it dearly . 
  every day . 
  it 's actually the reason i got into bjj , because this time i plan to never quit . 
  it was just constantly in the back of my mind until i started doing martial arts again . 
  not a waiter , but was a young bartender . 
  this guy ( clearly a creep ) came into the bar , which was completely empty on this occation . 
  he asked me overly personal questions , where i lived etc , got a beer then proceeded to sit in the corner looking , no staring , at me while stroking his jeans in * that way * . 
  i could clearly see the huge boner running down his leg . 
  i asked him to leave . 
  it was awkward . 
  religion, 
  get busy living , or get busy dying . 
  moral of the story : do n't wait around for happiness , create it yourself . 
  hit debeers in antwerp , belgium . 
  go to undisclosed tropical destination after . 
  the mcdonalds part is way worse than the reddit part . 
  so my mom bought me these hotwheels , i guess i was lucky - i had maybe 20 of them - and this kid i used to be best friends with was * so jelaous * , he wanted to borrow them all the time . 
  and i had the little hotwheel tracks that would send them up in the air and everything , so he was over all the time , and we would set up these cool ways to launch the hotwheels into orbit in my room . 
  good times . 
  one day they were all gone . 
  i used to keep them in a plain plastic bag . 
  the see-thru kind . 
  i searched for them . 
  totally gone . 
  i had been out biking my bmx , and apparently this kid had come by our house , told my mom that * i told him he could borrow the hotwheels * , and left with the whole bag . 
  gullible mom . 
  i know , right ? 
  i went to his house . 
  i asked if he was home . 
  his dad said `` yes '' . 
  he came to the door . 
  i told him i wanted my hotwheels back . 
  he said `` what hotwheels ? '' . 
  i told him `` my hotwheels '' . 
  he repeated the lie . 
  i told him to stop lying . 
  his dad told me to go home . 
  my mom called their house . 
  they made him return the bag . 
  later that day i found the bag in our yard . 
  i looked inside . 
  all the little cars were smashed with a hammer . 
  just a mangled heap of very tiny metal car wrecks . 
  a literal scrap yard in a bag . 
  i was bummed . 
  i started crying . 
  i told my parents . 
  my father is huge , and a literal wrestler with a short fuse . 
  we went to their house . 
  my father told this kids ' father to reimburse me for the hotwheels . 
  at first he would n't . 
  my dad told me to wait in the car . 
  loud voices . 
  my father returned to the car with money in hand , and told me :, 
  `` if i ever see that kid at our house again , i 'm going to nail him and his pussy father to the wall '' . 
  my dad is a hero . 
  i never saw that kid around our house again . 
  yep , this was a full on * boner *, 
  from my favorite record of all time . 
  well played !, 
  having to live in a religious dictatorship like the totalitarian muslim state isis or the like . 
  why do n't you find it yourself ? 
  so much pun, 
  my granpa probably fapped to this . 
  a priest and a rabbi walks into a joke . 
  what a dickless thing to say ... 
  my wife is hot . 
  objectively a 9/10 . 
  whenever somebody checks her out , and * that happens all the time * - right in front of me almost daily too - , i generally get confirmation of two things . 
  1 ) i have good taste . 
  2 ) she married * me * . 
  so i play it cool and give them a little wink . 
  what do you call an intelligent blonde ? 
  just like `` sir , i 'm gon na have to ask you to leave '' . 
  why did you chopper in ? 
  big enough to remember ... 
  cargo shorts in public . 
  also goatees . 
  i 'm really good at walking down stairs , then expecting there to be one more step , when there really is n't , and you do that * oh , fuck . . skip skip , almost fall over * thing . 
  that would be the ** shrimp cocktail ** , the nickleback of foods . 
  t 's everywhere , it sucks and i do n't understand why people are still buying it . 
  `` call me on my beeper '', 
  oh that big broad beautiful face ... 
  `` open the lid and rub it '', 
  bill murray , because he 's bill murray . 
  i got one too !, 
  it said `` i know what you did , please let us talk about it '' his username was 1800jesus-something , but he deleted the pm ... 
  well , now you have . 
  i dislike both . 
  true that , i 'll call him and set up a skype session .
