  `` players were well behaved back in the day '' . 
  not really . 
  let ` s hope he never signs for roma . 
  get it ? 
  romans . 
  we need a left back more than two wingers . 
  that i can make up songs on them from imagination . 
  fries, 
  did he just write copywriting twice as a joke ? 
  there 's a law against those lyrics now , dude . 
  heights . 
  give the no . 
  10 to aguero . 
  bye micah , hope you do well for villa . 
  in \u00b4 99 , there was a great deal of fuzz about y2k . 
  * every computer in the world will shut down , millions will die * . 
  nothing happened , well some things , but not * that * . 
  never gon na give you up, 
  edit : i regret typing that, 
  * eighty * fucking million ? 
  they said no to eighty ? 
  million ? 
  on another note : the sheik offered * eighty * mil for one guy ? 
  what is this ? 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  he 's good , but come on . 
  but what 's next ? 
  150 mil ? 
  200 mil for one guy ? 
  come on , this is just plain silly money . 
  i ` mjust worried for the sake of football in general . 
  a transfer fee like that sets a precendence for later moves . 
  i mean are we supposed to pay more just because the sheik has got the money ? 
  i do n't understand why these ridiculously inflated transfer fees are n't stopped . 
  was n't he 10 at atletico ? 
  he must have let out a dave * groan * fot that one , huh ... 
  i 'll see myself out the door . 
  any black a3t 's left ? 
  ( fingers crossed ), 
  all righty !, 
  big fan of the 2.0 . 
  have it in white , it 's awesome . 
  the * seinfeld * look . 
  newly washed hair , fleece shirt , stonewashed jeans up the crack and white kicks . 
  sound logic, 
  everything changes . 
  you might feel down now , but in x amount of days some freak occurence may have happened to turn that upside down . 
  it ' s a ride . 
  stay on it . 
  yeah , because united never bought the expensive lads , never . 
  well , as a city supporter who actually remember when we * were * shit ( i 'm 39 ) , i 'm simply making the points that :, 
  a : i 'm worried about what it ' sdoing to the game in general . 
  you have to see beyond your fucking team once in a while , and take the broader perspective . 
  this is bad for * every * club . 
  b : i 'm worried that when the sheik gets bored of playing real life football manager with city , we 'll be stuck with the bill , go bankrupt and basically be more shite than we used to be . 
  eddie izzard cooks an evil pasta dish and enslaves the whole world with his culinary magic . 
  80s : bmx and macgyver . 
  90s : grunge , cigarettes and making out . 
  i 'm liking the bottle holder . 
  sons of anarchy . 
  * really * , a show about bikers , and they all ride * stock * bikes . 
  plus , the acting . 
  jeez . 
  i hate that show . 
  agreed, 
  sergio `` red card '' ramos, 
  shaun goater , mate, 
  ah , the fart guard, 
  his ego . 
  these guys fukin rule !, 
  fun fact : obliteration and nekromantheon are bands - and they both rule as well . 
  only boring people get bored . 
  more well known as jack daniel 's . 
  what a cunt, 
  i got to be me , everyone else is already taken . 
  i eat burgers upside down . 
  i do n't know why , i just do . 
  `` energy '' aka mrsa, 
  nicko mcbrain, 
  40mil is what we paid for aguero . 
  just mentioning that . 
  oh , god . 
  let him go , get kdb for half the price . 
  `` who here is a redditor ? '', 
  * all raise hands *, 
  being awake too long . 
  you start to hallucinate a little , and you hear weird things . 
  my itunes tells me i 've listened to seventh son in it 's entirety 157 times . 
  seventh son then . 
  keep it up ken , you 're only helping us !, 
  the barber who did arturo vidals hair . 
  you last name is vanilla ? 
  cheap ? 
  check . 
  affordable wages ? 
  check . 
  quality ? 
  check . 
  edit : looks like you guys do n't want us to get him .
