  i plan to do the occational road trip , but i primarily ride to and from work . 
  i need a taller seat for my \u00b4 03 naked sv650 . 
  i 'm tall , and would like to be higher up . 
  tips on brands and where to get them greatly appreciated . 
  i 'm in europe btw . 
  cheers . 
  how is the seat height , seating position , feet on ground etc. ? 
  i ` m 6 ` 3 '' by the way . 
  hello all . 
  i just got a new ( 2011 ) bonneville t100 and i am experiencing vibration around 3000 rpm . 
  it almost feels like unbalanced wheels , but only happens when i let off the throttle . 
  is the chain too slack ? 
  edit : just had a buddy of mine who 's a bike enthusiast and racer ride my t100 and it qoute `` rides perfect , it 's the best bonnie ( he 's ) ridden '' . 
  i 'm paranoid in other words . 
  thanks anyways guys !, 
  so i have to vent . 
  on april fools day this year i was admitted to hospital with great chest pain . 
  i was on tour ( i 'm a musician ) in germany and a long way from home . 
  they thought i was having a heart attack , but after many tests and painful days they finally sent me home with the beginning stages of liver cirrhosis.i was in shock . . 
  i never thought i was a heavy drinker , i mean there are worse in my band let alone in my circle of friends ... 
  i 'm by no means the worst ... or so i thought . 
  turns out having 10 beers on a tuesday is n't normal . 
  turns out being 30 kilos overweight is n't normal either . 
  i was in denial . 
  now . 
  after about seven weeks of sobriety i can say i 'm here . 
  but i was lucky . 
  docs told me i just as easily could 've kept on drinking and developed full on cirrhosis , never discovered it , and died suddenly . 
  could 've been 3 years from now , could 've been 3 months . 
  i 'm still in shock . 
  people look at me differently . 
  with pity . 
  like i 'm a drug addict or pariah , and i feel ashamed . 
  ashamed for getting myself into this mess . 
  for living `` the lifestyle '' . 
  for risking actually dying from my wife and two little girls . 
  but , i 'm still here . 
  i 'm lucky . 
  i never though it was me . 
  i did n't have a problem . 
  turns out i did . 
  big time . 
  thanks , guys . 
  hi good people , my new ( to me ) 2011 t100 bonneville needs better rear shocks . 
  the stock ones are awful . 
  i 'm 120 kilos ( i 'm a big lad ) and the bike feels too unstable at higher speeds . 
  do you have a tip for me ? 
  the ohlins are good but really expensive . 
  might want to look at other options . 
  i 'm in scandinavia by the way . 
  cheers !, 
  hi , i 've only had my 2011 bonnie for 3 weeks , but it 's happened twice that the bike has stalled in traffic . 
  both times waiting at a light . 
  it fires right back up again , but still . . any other experiences like this ? 
  ... since being sober for a while , i 've come to realize how much of my social life is built around drinking . 
  it 's as if i almost have nothing in common with my friends except the sauce . 
  i feel isolated . 
  do you relate ? 
  so , i can get some used ( once ) givi soft bags for about $ 80 . 
  seems like a good deal . 
  are they any good ? 
  hi , thinking of putting a led tail tidy on my bonnie . 
  do i need other type cables ( or resistance ) because of the leds ? 
  i have very little clues about electrical thingy stuffs . 
  what do i need ? 
  - allen key set, 
  - chain lube, 
  - can of wd40, 
  suggestions ? 
  i 'm in a mid size town in europe , filtering is legal and i commute to work on my bonnie . 
  all is good in the kingdom . 
  but alas , there is one thing i would like to check with you fellow riders . 
  scooters . 
  i find that licensed motorcyclists tend to respect each other , give way , wave , be attentive and in general be courteous . 
  scooters in my town however , are fucking darting around cars and buses like is nobody 's business . 
  in shorts . 
  behaving like idiots . 
  just today i had one of these dudes come up literally two inches from my mirror at a red , and then block my way as it changed to green . 
  i 'm on a 850cc bike for fucks sake . 
  the dude could barely make 30 mph , and was blocking my way in heavy traffic . 
  most of these cats must think `` fuck yeah , a scooter , i can filter and save 4 minutes of my commute '' . 
  but rarely do i see any kind of riding skill , they ( i 'm generalizing ) all seem to just buy a vespa , and 5 minutes later they 're in the midst of fucking buses , cars and 18 wheelers popping in and out like pensioners at a movie . 
  i honesty am more nervous around these clowns than anything else in traffic . 
  do any of you observe the same thing , or is it me ? 
  edit : it 's worth mentioning you do n't need a separate license to ride a 50cc scooter in my country . 
  if you have a car license , you 're good to go . 
  new record . 
  just saying . 
  as the headline says , i 'm looking for a new car . 
  going to look at a 2009 forester tomorrow , i 'd be chuffed for any report on the car , good or bad . 
  cheers !, 
  my main concern now is that being sober is rather lonely , i mean i can socialize , but being around drunk people is rather exhausting and i find that i usually want to be alone instead . 
  sound familiar ? 
  thanks for the support , guys . 
  hi , fellow triumph riders . 
  been looking for a nice tail tidy for my bonnie , and it 's between the motone and the r&g racing ones . 
  does anybody have experience with these , or specific advice to buy or stay away from a particular brand ? 
  thanks !, 
  so , it 's been a while now i have n't had a drink , and i think finally something is starting to happen inside my head . 
  it 's a `` change '' , if anything .
