  i do n't remember anything . 
  my friends kicked his ass though . 
  oh , you . 
  what do i know , right ? 
  i like your approach there . 
  i 'm too hung up on these things . 
  yeah , i 'm getting there too , slowly but surely . 
  my prof is great and has taught me many great things besides actual bjj . 
  showing up for class , and not quitting when you 're in a rut seems to be the main clue about how to get those elusive magical color belts . 
  haha . 
  and your sunday class is precisely what i go through every saturday open mat . 
  just hanging out and cracking jokes and gettings smashe by everyone . 
  luckily she will live to tell about it . 
  huh ? 
  live to tell ? 
  get it ? 
  she can thank her * lucky star * , right ? 
  live to tell . 
  laforge be like ... 
  this is dumb . 
  the guys obviously like mercedes cars . 
  that 's nice . 
  no , amateur all the way baby . 
  i did play 'till i was a senior though . 
  at 19 it started getting a little too serious for me . 
  i was busted by the coach having cigarettes in my bag . 
  he did not like that one little bit . 
  if i could please just have that bill murray one now . 
  thanks . 
  when you have a black eye for the third time in six months ... 
  here 's a pro tip : pre-order vegetarian food , and you 'll get your food first !, 
  it all tastes like doo doo anyway . 
  the alien trilogy . 
  number 4 is not a film , it 's a puddle of vomit . 
  give these loons a generation or two . 
  then we will see some fucking fucked up shit . 
  excuse my french there . 
  who is that ? 
  hot water, 
  in my experience manto is really long , my xls fit me perfectly ( i 'm 6 ' 3 '' ) with length to spare . 
  favorite fit so far . 
  trick or treat ( 1986 ) , starring gene simmons and ozzy osbourne . 
  it 's the fucking best , worst film ever . 
  in my sixth grade class photo i 'm wearing a cut off jean jacket , an iron maiden t-shirt and sporting a glorious mullet . 
  this was 1988 . 
  good times . 
  are you telling me this girl knows nic cage ? 
  in other words , he 's leaving ajax in the summer . 
  one uppers . 
  i waould really like to get into hip hop , but every time i put on a record i * nope * it . 
  i hear ya . 
  all these new bands : mosh riff - pop chorus - mosh riff - double pop chorus - breakdown - * circle pit !, 
  * - mosh riff - triple even more cheesy chorus . 
  i 'll take maiden any day of the week . 
  why are you asking reddit , go ask a banker !, 
  yes, 
  rad , i 'll check them all out !, 
  i 'm going to pretend you did n't just suggest that i listen to kanye . 
  i actually really like nas . 
  goddamn it ... 
  imagine reading all the classics in russian ... * droooool *, 
  kind of * reaching * to see that , huh . 
  yes . 
  if you go to see a regular play ( in a theater with actors , you know the kind ) the usually have two acts with a break so the audience can go to the restroom , get drinks etc. 
  it 's very nice , and actually allow people to get those `` did you see * that * , wow that was ( insert adjective ) '' conversations all out of the way instead of having to listen to somebody speaking during the actual play . 
  well that depends against whom they launched it . 
  good riddance, 
  iron maiden - moonchild . 
  what size do you wear in atama and inverted gear ? 
  i 'm getting one of them soon . 
  is that an atama mundial per chance ? 
  how does it compare to the koral in regards to size ? 
  brendan canty - fugazi - in on the killtaker, 
  shines a new light on the whole unidan affair . 
  tree of life, 
  sorry for all the questions , and hijacking this thread , but how do you like the inverted gear compared to the koral ? 
  i like my gi tapered and close fitting , especially the sleeves . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' too . 
  i 've never seen an inverted gi in real life . 
  what does it say ? 
  667 - the neighbour of the beast, 
  my favorite tm was always fixing things before they were a problem . 
  i 'll give you some examples . 
  my band was on the road with him for a month supporting another band . 
  we were sharing a nightliner . 
  he was always the first guy off the bus , and the last guy on it . 
  bus call was non-negotionable . 
  we actually left a guy in the main act because he was n't there at bus call , and he had to get on a train to gt the next show . 
  when you are touring your main concern is getting to the next show on time , and being able to play it i.e. 
  he would strongly urge us to keep partying to a minimum . 
  he would n't `` dad '' us , but his attention to detail and professionalism sort of * made * you more professional yourself . 
  you could count on those two water bottles and a towel on each amp before you hit the stage , you know . 
  he was friendly and cool , but did not partake in drinking * at all * , minus the last night . 
  he set the standard i now require `` all our touring crew '' ( one tech , soundguy and tm ) to adhere to . 
  tl : dr. make it to the next show in time , do n't party too much . 
  i 've met him several times after that tour , and he 's helped our band get shows , with vans , gear etc. 
  i 'm in europe , so he 's become a part of our extended * band family * so to speak . 
  his being such a pro made us work with his company again , and many many other bands has done the same , he 's one of the guys that run nomads of prague ( tour management and gear rental out of prague , czech republic ) . 
  ca n't say enough good things about him and his company . 
  top guys , top equipment , new , clean vans and a very , very professional set up .
