  this is the most fun i 've had in years . 
  yes !, 
  actually chuffed to see this . 
  mario back in the premier league !, 
  imagine the headlines if he actually filmed a shark in there . 
  poor swallowers, 
  wow , that relationships * sucks *, 
  learning * proper * self defense . 
  seriously . 
  especially you , girls . 
  there are some seriously creepy people out there . 
  take jiu jitsu or muay thai . 
  cue * the fox force five * , the first has a photographic memory , the japanese fox is a kung fu master , the black girl is a demolition expert , the french fox ' specialty is sex ... and mia , the deadliest woman in the world with a knife . 
  in my honest opinion , try something else . 
  the reason i wrote bjj and muay thai is that the sperring is * full contact * in those sports . 
  that is , you will experience what fighting is first hand , and learn to respond and keep your cool if threatened . 
  sucker and * suckee *, 
  do n't listen to this man . 
  proper technique wins over brute force . 
  judo is great . 
  would you rather know what to do , or get pummeled ? 
  hi mr. brolin , do you have any fond memories from filming thrashin ' ? 
  cory webster was pretty much the most bad ass dude growing up . 
  you inspired a genertion of bad skaters . 
  thanks !, 
  good !, 
  not true . 
  agreed : carry pepper spray . 
  what if you miss ? 
  it 's nice to have a back up plan . 
  take some martial arts classes anyhow . 
  yes . 
  any martial arts training is better than none . 
  i keep telling my wife this . 
  maybe you should flair up, 
  in taking for granted that most people will try their best to avoid violence . 
  all i 'm saying is : when all else fails , it helps to have some tools to get out of a bad situation . 
  i 'm not a fan of guns , but do what thou wilt, 
  well , the krav guys in my bjj class tell me that jits is at least equally effective as self defense . 
  although , i would like to know both bjj * and * muay thai , and supplement with some dirty tricks from krav . 
  i 'm sorry to say i know very little about aikido , other than steven seagal is like a 73 dan . 
  jedi master in it . 
  from what i 've seen , it reminds me of a more technically challenging judo with some ju jutsu in there too . 
  taking into consideration that both judo and bjj is * far * more widespread , i would train one of those instead because of sheer availability . 
  neither juro or bjj are `` aggressive '' martial arts . 
  in both you 're using the aggressors momentum against them . 
  the only major argument i have agains krav is the abscence off full contact sparring . 
  in real life , you would be well versed to know krav if you wanted to finish someone quickly, 
  fuck yes . 
  muay thai * is * kickboxing, 
  that is just sad . 
  * thank jebus * , not every one is ronda rousey , huh ? 
  the male population would be in some serious trouble . 
  well if you say so , thousands of female bjj practitioners are wrong , you are right . 
  do whatever you can , but * the crux * of martial arts training is : you learn to keep your cool . 
  you do n't panic . 
  you learn to think instead of doing stupid shit like running * deeper * into the dark park ... and you know * what * to do . 
  i maintain that 99 % of all victims could have done ** something ** if they knew how . 
  royce is made of magic . 
  his gi is woven from rainbows and starlight . 
  no , not at all . 
  if it 's close by , check it out . 
  the only reason i did tkd for years was the place was right next to my apartment . 
  i 'm lazy . 
  theo , your mother asked me to come up here and kill you . 
  the shire obviously ? 
  is cake good ? 
  do whales cry ? 
  do we even dream to get icecream ? 
  black belts are * great * for your keeping pants up . 
  not forgetting judo . 
  judo rules . 
  keep your nails short !, 
  pick it back up , please . 
  my two cents ... 
  whopeeee !, 
  cold water i presume ? 
  that is fucking awesome !, 
  reinert is my favorite death drummer . 
  his drumming on human is just amazing . 
  great idea !, 
  buuuuuurrrrrrrg-h . 
  mystery men . 
  love and marriage . 
  she is . 
  a storm of light used to have a female guitarist, 
  looks like you fucked up by being born, 
  religion . 
  #bringonthedownvotes . 
  keys.phone.wallet . 
  stewart lee , doug stanhope , steve hughes, 
  i like to moonwalk onto the mats, 
  the macho guy shouting `` oss !, 
  '' , whos giving you shit for wearing a cup/mouthguard and always goes balls out when rolling . 
  over compensating for something there , bro ? 
  i also have a guy in my gym who gets * super stoked * whenever he gets gi-rash on his face for example , or lip bleed or something . 
  like it 's a testament to how bad ass he is because he gets spaz punched in the face . 
  i generaly prefer not to get my teeth kneed in , thanks very much . 
  putin, 
  * you * did n't fuck up .
