  the * very first * time someone repeats what they just said , it 's time for me to leave . 
  it 's about to get all `` i love you , dude , but what is the deal with not drinking '' right after that . 
  `` jeremy rifkin '' is m. night shyamalans pen name . 
  the plot gets thicker . 
  that 's what she said . 
  the un `` medium scenario '' is approximately 10.5 bn people . 
  yes , i had to . 
  my team was picked with wishful thinking , hart in goal , payet , plus lots of other regular starters that did not even make the bench . 
  football , or * soccer * to you yanks . 
  smoking . 
  used to smoke , now i hate it with a passion . 
  you should be expecting arsenal to bomb , mate . 
  i 'd say about two or three years . 
  i quit ten years ago , and now the smell just pisses me off . 
  i used this `` rule '' for the first year or so : the average time it takes from starting to smoke again to actually quitting is about five years . 
  in those five years you spend about 10 thousand euro on cigarettes . 
  so that * only one , i promise * cig has a price tag of 10k . 
  worked for me . 
  it will pass , promise . 
  thats the first step to quitting , mate . 
  had the same thing , smoked - hated it . 
  eventually i just went `` fuck this !, 
  i have n't smoked for ten years . 
  and i usually do n't bother smokers unless they 're asses and smoke around my kids . 
  smoking chicks are n't * smokin \u00b4 * , get it ? 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  hedberg is god . 
  thanks , i guess ( ed ) . 
  i was sick of it . 
  basically paying to get bad health . 
  after that , it was willpower . 
  at his brothers house . 
  that 's horny, 
  i would pick jakupovic , kingsley , evans , souare and one solid defender like mcauley or stones for a good back four plus jakupovic , who will start for hull . 
  my two euro cents . 
  your standards will change with age . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  plot twist : it 's all female swat team, 
  he 's played all three games and collected 14 points for me this far . 
  who ? 
  witch !, 
  burn him !, 
  my wife is 36 , and has given birth to two kids . 
  grip got yanked . 
  i compete at 40 + , 250 lbs , so i only have two dudes in the division luckily, 
  that 's up for debate . 
  i just had this normal collar grip and outta nowhere the dude yanked like the hulk, 
  so , rondon , i have him in my team and now that kun is out for 3 gws , i 'm wondering if i should keep him ( rondon ) as a partner to ibra or switch him for someone else . 
  my options ( i have 0,5 in the bank ) :, 
  \u2022 keep rondon ? 
  \u2022 either get defoe or negredo instead of rondon, 
  \u2022 or , swap hazard for ozil , make 0.6 , so i can afford benteke next round . 
  for the record , i do n't want to sell kun . 
  thoughts ? 
  negredo has got tougher games in the next rounds , though . 
  who , aguero ? 
  aiight , cheers . 
  that just leaves him out for united . 
  keeping rondon , then . 
  bravo immediately inherits no . 
  bad form . 
  hart is only on loan . 
  nobody 's taken denayer , mangala or bonys squad numbers ... 
  when you find the right person . 
  the worlds fantasy premiere league managers are tightening their buttholes in suspense . 
  there 's a big difference between a club legend like hart and nasri imo, 
  well , that 's a possibility , but i still think we should pay him the respect he deserves by not giving away his shirt before he 's actually transferred, 
  it sends a big signal to joe dunnit ? 
  the friends they keep, 
  the reserves would finish mid-table in the premiership . 
  the fridge, 
  i like amy wong, 
  imagine outliving all your loved ones , reducing them to a faint and distant memory . 
  having to endure ages of knowledge only to see your peers squander away their possibilities . 
  i think it would be a very bittersweet existence . 
  then again , i would probably have wandered the wilderness , tried to find the most beautiful places to live in solitude . 
  away from the moronic masses that form humanity . 
  our midfield is pretty good , of course pogba would strengthen most teams , but i still feel we are set in the two central midfield positions . 
  plus , his price was outrageous . 
  no threat of physical consequences . 
  you get what you give . 
  it 's that easy . 
  i think you mean ross and that monkey, 
  no butt stuff , ok ? 
  did n't we have red and black reserve kits in about 2008 ? 
  anyway , it 's not the best colour . 
  no comprendo, 
  his next 4 fixtures are bournemouth , west ham , stoke , sunderland in that order . 
  i think he 'll at least score once . 
  i 'm giving him a run in those four games , hopefully he 'll be on point with some headers . 
  wba score very few , but when they do it 's generally on set piences , and rondon/mcauley are the two main contenders in that team . 
  helluva nice first bike , mate . 
  i 'm with you on the whole feeling about not being as ethused as the general posters here . 
  i just wan na tell you that it gets better . 
  my heads in a different space , i 'm positive for the first time in years , like truly genuinely happy about everyday life . 
  i never thought that could even happen . 
  stick with it . 
  life does not magically get better after quitting the sauce , but it gradually gets just a little better every day . 
  as long as we do n't get another rooney bicicleta , i 'm good with a draw . 
  hey , i 'm weird in that way too .
