  to effectuate communication . 
  they were concieved doggy style . 
  look it up , it is the truth !, 
  good , and yeah i thought i recognised your name . 
  can i ask why you listen to music ? 
  you need all your senses riding , mate . 
  besides the sweet noise for my 865cc is music enough for me . . 
  and ajax . 
  my helmet cost 500 bucks , i always take it with me . 
  fried . 
  hot sauce . 
  get yourself a shovel and visit what the call * the underground * . 
  theres some fucking ripping bands right there . 
  i dont think we can use the word * iconic * because rock music its not universally known like it once was . 
  iconic for me would be namedropping artists in a subgenre , like converge for hardcore , wovenhand for alt . 
  country , sumac for post-metal etc. 
  * school and shit * is still pretty useful later in life should he not become the new charlie adam . 
  ignorance, 
  i love lamp and only lamp, 
  seinfeld is older than freaks and geeks, 
  frasier as well , more contemporary to seinfeld but still, 
  the hobbit, 
  name of the company is forecum . 
  is that the shiny stuff ? 
  aaaaawwwwwwww, 
  you need that ba to get that management job, 
  mind your own business op, 
  the fact that i breathe air and air is non present the way i need it . 
  that would be michael jackson, 
  i 'm actually scandinavian and i 've been to the usa many times , and i completely understand why my countryfolk would settle in the northernmost states . 
  it reminds me of scandinavia . 
  especially near the canadian border , except flatter and bigger . 
  the artists name is pushwagner , a norwegian pop artist . 
  all my bald buddies go for the massive beard thing . 
  that and being in shape is my best guess . 
  more gallery stuff . 
  he 's an older gentleman so most of his originals are pretty expensive now . 
  islam ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^, 
  yes i do . 
  hi , wan na publish this cartoon of muhammed ? 
  well that would be the only drawback, 
  paul merson goes for real . 
  sure . 
  how much do you want ? 
  chuck norris, 
  religion . 
  it 's all bullshit . 
  warmer yes . 
  but colder ? 
  edit : it gets very cold both in scandinavia and the us . 
  * who cares ? 
  * , it sucks wherever you are . 
  brother . 
  city kinky era . 
  that one . 
  nope , but been to portland . 
  much woodness . 
  maximum twin peakage . 
  i feel bad for juanfran . 
  piece of shit, 
  it 's not a rav 3, 
  still would 've sucked, 
  yoga, 
  handwriting says `` woman '' , confidence level says `` mma fighter '' . 
  the person in 301 is most probably rhonda rousey, 
  the burden of proof is on religion to prove the existence of god, 
  classical defense . 
  i fucking know where it is . 
  my wife does , and i 've learned a few things from her . 
  it 's helped with my breathing when i 'm getting choked . 
  also flexibility . 
  i wish i could do yoga on the reg, 
  why do n't you just pray that i go away then , i 'm sure that will help . 
  worked great so far . 
  it does n't work much , but it sure is fun pissing off you worshipping folks, 
  good for her . 
  that guy is a fucking idiot . 
  what are you then ? 
  just a know it all ? 
  look i do n't need another dad , i 'm 40 years old and i 'll say what i want regardless if other people think i 'm an asshole . 
  religion is biased and poisonous bullshit , it undermines the very fabric of progress and reason . 
  stay on topic , this is not about me or what i say and how i say it . 
  ayn rand wrote a masterpiece ? 
  i thought she only wrote egomaniacal self help books for power hungry real estate agents who wan na `` find themselves '' on a weekend golf getaway . 
  dec 28th 2008 i was stabbed and nearly bled to death . 
  i wo n't bore you with the details , but it was bloody and i spent about four months recovering from the thing . 
  lesson : as i was taken away in the ambulance i had a total tranquil and sobering realization that this was the end . 
  a couple of things really shook me . 
  no thought was worse than imagining my parents having to put me in the ground and my girlfriend ( now wife ) being left alone . 
  the next thing was that i ( at the time i was 32 ) had no children , that my genes would die with me . 
  strangely this was very sad to me . 
  the final thing was that i was determined that if i survived this , i wowed to follow my dreams , to live life fully and to have children . 
  to repeat it , this was * my * experience and * my * existence was threatened and these thoughts were the only things that mattered . 
  there was no tunnel , no slow motion film , there was nothing . 
  but i survived , and i took my experience to heart . 
  i had two daughters . 
  i kept playing music , living hand to mouth . 
  but i made it through , and i 'm happy . 
  i have no regrets . 
  so that 's my `` meaning of life '' , follow your heart .
