  yes i would , you do not know what love is until you see them critters . 
  it 's called straight edge and has been around since the early eigthies . 
  every alice in chains song ever . 
  their guitarist jerry cantrell usually sings ( sang ) along with their singer layne staley , and has a very good voice . 
  only in the states, 
  somebody spotted a spelling mistake !, 
  let 'd get him som cake !, 
  wow , that is one cool bike !, 
  this morning i saw a woman on the bus with those painted on clown eyebrows and lipstick * way * over the edges of her lips to make them look bigger , and i geuinely thought she would look better wearing a pile of fresh cow dung in her face instead . 
  but , that 's just like my opinion , man . 
  my wife sometime starts talking . 
  not sexy talk , but just like `` so , we have to pay the gas bill soon '' . 
  it 's pretty hot . 
  accidentaly stab myself . 
  we 've been together for ten years . 
  if she were like that in the beginning we would n't have been together ten years . 
  having kids changes things . 
  ummm ... why ? 
  i 've been at my gym for a year , and i 've been hurt ( in a way that i had to competely stop training for a long ( er ) while ) three times . 
  i 've had two black eyes , and many , many `` forceful '' or `` clumsy '' rolls . 
  guess what ? 
  it 's because i 'm a white belt and i spaz too much . 
  accidents happen , but i got hurt because i was doing shit wrong . 
  just a thought . 
  i hear dave grohl is pretty cool . 
  growing old . 
  making real friends, 
  you 've got great looking tats !, 
  good composition !, 
  i 'm not * most * atheists , i can only speak for myself . 
  i think what you are describing is the `` new '' atheist , i personally do n't discuss my views to religious and non-religious alike . 
  it 's a personal matter . 
  you 're young , you have lots of money , people around you are all `` yes men '' . 
  most of these lads have also been really good at footy all their lives , so their egos are already well massaged by that fact . 
  they 're just kids , and some of them ca n't handle the fame , attention and money . 
  stinky blue cheese . 
  `` so did that happen at your * karate ? 
  * '' `` yes , i was headbutting through a stack of bricks '' . 
  much hespetch in the cafeteria . 
  i 'm not going to say it has n't happened . 
  bring a flashlight * and * a fleshlight . 
  that 's like saying `` headbutt zidane '' and negating a career of brilliance . 
  i was 24 , single , skinny and in college . 
  and sister-in-law fucking giggs . 
  we do king of the hill pretty often . 
  do i know you ? 
  i was gon na say that !, 
  your life is a gift that can be taken away in a heartbeat . 
  theres so many ups and downs , so many moments that i have yet to experience . 
  the joy of hearing my oldest daughter sing let it go from frozen , my youngest crawling around in front of me right now in her pajamas and smiling at me . 
  there are so many things you have yet to see and experience . 
  i 'm 39 now , and my life is competely different from what i thought it would be . 
  it 's a ride , and it 's your job to get on that rollercoaster and enjoy it . 
  you will change . 
  kill your ego , be kind . 
  you will age . 
  time goes fast , my friend . 
  but your attitude determines everything . 
  see the world , have fun , you control your own fate . 
  that 's my motivation . 
  upstairs, 
  dude . 
  get over the * alpha * bullshit . 
  just be a good guy . 
  i 'm good because she literally has everything in there . 
  there 's probably a posse of angry villagers right next to the tampons . 
  get a snare with crossed sticks underneath . 
  like a skull and bones . 
  less people have that than , say a koi , so ops good . 
  why would you ? 
  do you steal their candy too ? 
  an innocent child ca n't be blamed for the comforts created for them by their parents . 
  my 4 y.o daughter thinks * frozen * is real , and i do n't plan on telling her it 's a disney franchise , because it would break her heart . 
  she will find out on her own soon enough . 
  johnny cash ' cover of nin 's `` hurt '', 
  sense of humor . 
  if you do n't laugh at the same things , ten years down the road it will be a kinda very quiet resentment instead . 
  my friend has been with a quite humorless woman for 13 odd years , and it 's really weird ow we can watch a film with them , and he , my wife and i will all laugh really hard all the while she 's in the back going '' * why * is that funny ? 
  this is a good one . 
  ten points if you know what that is . 
  freshly brewed coffee . 
  mine is from a band called helmet . 
  the song is fbla ii . 
  page hamilton is the shizniz . 
  i do martial arts . 
  specifically jiu jitsu . 
  theres just no time to worry about the gas bill when you 're about to get choked ut . 
  ok . come up with a completely original tattoo instead of nitpicking with me then . 
  that 's * rich * mate . 
  he was asking for advice on reddit dude . 
  that 's why we 're having this pointless discussion right now . 
  my tip is : get better at jiujitsu . 
  thats my plan . 
  how hard it was to find the holy grail, 
  lsd, 
  tune a guitar, 
  she 's clearly a witch, 
  that capitalism is the root of all evil . 
  have sex with married folk . 
  they feel pain , so they hurt and if they remember that it hurts , they have a sense of memory and thats pretty damn close .
