  the wife says she enjoys `` new '' me so much more . 
  sober i 'm outgoing and funny , drunk i 'm depressed and quiet . 
  i was at a wedding this weekend , and everybody was hammered , and a couple of people could not believe i was not drinking , they were 100 % sure i was * as drunk * or more drunk than they were . 
  win , win i 'd say . 
  no hangover either . 
  my main * religion * is `` do n't be an asshole '' though . 
  i have no grief toward religious people , my entire family is . 
  most of the time they just do n't know about anything else . 
  if somebody asks me , fine , i 'll tell them what i 'm about . 
  but i never did like preaching in religion , and i 'm not going to do that to other people . 
  my business is my own . 
  edit : letters and stuff . 
  i would n't quit skateboarding, 
  zach looks like the most dangerous of the four . 
  he needs a trip to the derek zoolander school for kids who ca n't read good and want to do other stuff good too, 
  if you try hard for a long time , you usually get better . 
  well , i 'm a white belt , but healtier eating , quitting drinking . 
  for a guy my age ( 40 ) it has greatly improved my stamina and ability to endure training . 
  kowloon walled city - grievances . 
  it reminds me of helmet and unsane , only slow and brutal like neurosis . 
  other things ? 
  sumac ( aaron turner form isis ' new band ) . 
  generation of vipers . 
  edit : who the fuck downvotes a list of what i 've listened to ? 
  i have the same bike !, 
  nice music too !, 
  hi , how cool is matt sweeney in real life ? 
  drop c , i use daddario 12-56 , wound g. 
  ( points to groin david brent style ), 
  i think we all miss that magnificent beast, 
  mind games , level 666 . 
  do you remember his free kicks , mate ? 
  `` 4chan is a lie '' - marcus aurelius, 
  i have so many goddamn dumb tattoos ( touring musician , hiiii ) that half of them make no sense with my memory intact . 
  my zombie hand thumbs down tattoo , for instance . 
  drunk , it was a great idea . 
  no ragrets , buddy . 
  who ? 
  not a chance in hell there , friend . 
  or an appointment to the salon, 
  did wehrmacht soldiers know about the concentration camps ? 
  what 's his full name ? 
  what band ( s ) is he in ? 
  not likely, 
  fuck that one beer dude , it wo n't change a thing about how you feel . 
  tom rules, 
  oh god yes . 
  oh , they are a much bigger band than the one i 'm in . 
  cool , i 'll check out the interview . 
  sorry , i do n't speak * internet * . 
  english please . 
  what 's your iq ? 
  you do , op , hey everybody lets upvote op !, 
  he also invented the ninja turtles * fact *, 
  can i trust you ? 
  are you tapping your foot ? 
  good drummer . 
  first had a sv650 , switched to a bonnie . 
  huge difference in the size of my grin . 
  also , people keep asking if my bonnies for sale , which it is n't . 
  the away support killed your full stadium of korean * red devils * yesterday mate . 
  * the listener * ... 
  denmark does not have snow . 
  my vice press hired her dumb , talentless late ass pot smoking bro stepbrother , and now i have to deal with this waste of space every day since i 'm his supervisor . 
  the dude is a one upping liar , has two kids ( different moms ) , pays no child support and spends all his time and money on his fuckin dumb bmw . 
  how bout showing up for work on time , asshat ? 
  it 's safe to assume i hate his fucking guts , and i do everything in my power to get him fired . 
  take shifts sleeping . 
  agree on whose night it is , and that person is `` on duty '' . 
  at least one of you gets a solid nights sleep . 
  change intervals at your own discretion . 
  he will, 
  the meaning of life to me is to follow my dreams , to not become a bitter old man who * should 've tried harder * . 
  from every mistake there is a lesson , from every lesson there is knowledge , from knowledge there is a calmness in the storm . 
  there 's another point to consider in picking defenders , some score more goals than others . 
  mcauley and aldewiereid comes to mind . 
  the absolute shitshow that will happen when trump is elected . 
  i would more prefer to have hetfields rythm hand . 
  high taxes means free healthcare , meals in school , free universities , daycare , etc etc. 
  the biggest club in england is the tories , we all know that . 
  i would give sex tips , just to be helpful . 
  i would feel like that is the best possible thing that could happen . 
  i 'm not american . 
  to us euros , bernie looks sincere and like he 's actually trying to make a difference . 
  i 'm curoius : what sport are they doing ? 
  ballplay , alabama is just * too * good, 
  i do n't have him :(, 
  as long as there are teenage boys reading comic books and watching superhero movies , hot female characters will ~ ~ be a substitiute for porn ~ ~ always be in demand, 
  he 's getting my 3rd striker spot after gw5, 
  i wonder how many teenage girls read comics vs. teenage boys, 
  glad you 're here !, 
  funafuti , an atoll in the polynesian nation tuvalu . 
  population 600 . 
  yes !, 
  how does it affect tuning ? 
  does string height keep constant ? 
  is it `` solid '' like a tune o matic ? 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  i 'm used to gibsons , so that 's why i 'm looking for the stability of a tune o matic . 
  i like the jazz in terms of playabilty and balance , great neck etc.
