  ... credit to / u/kartingf1fan for asking the question in the bendtner thread . 
  specifically the chiodo tt in eu size 58 or 60, 
  cheers, 
  thinking of getting abs brakes on my girl . 
  hi , i ` ve been training for about 14 months . 
  everyting is progressing nicely , but lately i ` ve been ditching training without much other reasons that is ` s summer , i want to have some beers etc. 
  i have some niggling neck pain and stuff , but nothing out of the ordinary . 
  i haven ` t trained in about 3 weeks , and i ` m already starting to feel sluggish , and the obvious guilty conscience etc. 
  since i don ` t have a * real * reason to skip training , i ` m a little worried that i ` ve lost the `` bjj fire '' so to speak . 
  did any of you other noobs experience this ? 
  whats your way to get out of the slump ? 
  hi folks , my sv ( ' 03 ) backfires when i let off the throttle - is thos a symptom of something ? 
  i also noticed a slight `` machine gun '' rattle '' when it 's idling , is that normal ? 
  mine is jimmy bullard , for the bantz matey . 
  english , proven goalscorer , homegrown , proven in the league , not very expensive and would most likely be happy to fight with bony for the second spot - yet only 26 years old . 
  opinions ? 
  edit : all right , all right - he ` s not * that * good . 
  keep it civil lads , we ` re all friends here . 
  i have a shoei gt air with pinlock installed , but the thing does n't seal tight with the visor , and still fogs up . 
  it 's driving me nuts . 
  any fellow riders with a proper anti-fog alternative to pinlocks ? 
  thanks !, 
  my '03 sv does this `` clank '' when i shift from neutral to first , other shifts are nice and tight . 
  am i noobing away here ? 
  it 's my first season on the bike . 
  not very important , but keen to see if kun gets # 10 before i buy the new kit . 
  suggestions welcome . 
  i plan on riding through denmark , down to germany and to eventually end up in northern switzerland to visit a friend there . 
  ten days . 
  edit : looks like i ca n't go until med-spetember because of work . 
  how is the weather in northern germany around then ? 
  south of berlin should be fine , i think ? 
  so i 'm planning a little adventure and would like to get a top box for my sv . 
  any tips or experiences with brands greatly appreciated . 
  thanks !, 
  hi fellow svriders !, 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and i need more space for my freakishly long legs . 
  do any of you know what to do / what to buy / how to do it ? 
  i 'm looking to at least extend the foot rests by 2 '' , ideally even more . 
  tips greatly appreciated !, 
  thanks !, 
  hey guys , only been riding my sv650 for one season , but already looking to gain a little more height to the bike . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , and i 'm thinking of both fitting lower foot pegs ( buells ) and getting a taller seat . 
  anybody here have suggstion for a good seat that can add an inch ( or two ) to the seat height ? 
  any tips greatly appreciated . 
  thanks , and ride safe !, 
  thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  first , a hearthy * thank you * to the fine people of this sub . 
  it 's always a good place to find motivation , advice and is relatively free of trolls . 
  so , i 'm just going to list my year in injuries for you to compare and possibly comment or offer advice . 
  fyi i 'm a 39 year old white belt , i 've been training two times per week for 18 months and my martial arts background is from tkd , which i trained for 8 years . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and 235 -240 lbs . 
  january : ankle busted , out for 6 weeks . 
  april : concussion , out for 4 weeks . 
  october : staph infection on my face ( !, 
  ) , 3 weeks . 
  november : the flu , 2 weeks . 
  december : the flu again , 3 weeks this time . 
  that 's 18 weeks out injured or sick ( 4,5 months ) of the year . 
  in addition theres the black eyes , the swollen fingers - all the normal stuff . 
  from all my previous martial arts experience i * never * got injured in comparison . 
  from all my years in tkd i only a one serious sprain and one case of muscle tear . 
  that 's it . 
  compared to bjj the injury frequency is pretty staggering for jiu jitsu . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  before the standard `` you 're a spaz '' comments , my training this year has almost * exclusively * been to avoid spazziness . 
  i feel i 've been progressing toward that goal . 
  does this correlate to you peoples experiences ? 
  how about you higher belts with more experience ? 
  i 'm wondering if this year will be setting the tone to what i have coming . 
  tl , dr : old bbj guy wants to know if all his injuries are `` normal '' for one years worth of training . 
  i just need to vent , just switched gyms ( same head prof , same affiliate ) . 
  the old place : 4-8 guys per training , coach is a * good * blue belt with a huge ego . 
  if you pass his guard , he will pretty much destroy you . 
  the place is losing customers , mats are dirty . 
  place is cold and falling apart . 
  new place : 30 guys per class , lots of higher belts , a few purples , many good blues and our bb prof is there 99 % of the time . 
  nice , warm new building , and a great positive atmosphere . 
  guys are there to learn , and there ` s no ego bullshit . 
  awesome . 
  i ` d almost lost my appetite for rolling at the old gym , but now i feel that same hunger i had when i started almost two years ago and it feels great !, 
  oss , boys and girls !, 
  had a epi sheraton ii for years , sold it and regretted it later . 
  great guitar . 
  now i want a p-90 guitar , and the casino is an option . 
  maybe you guys have other ideas ? 
  i 'm open to jazzmasters too ( not p-90 , i know ) . 
  i 'm going to play `` indie rock '' on it . 
  thanks !, 
  pep knows him . 
  he can play almost any position we need ( defensive mid , left back - hell even as a winger ) . 
  he has 42 international caps and 11 goals ( !, 
  ) , and is still only 23 . 
  what is r/mcfc opinion on this chap ? 
  personally i think he should top our want list . 
  hi , i am 6 ` 3 '' and i am looking at either the bonneville or the scrambler . 
  bonnies are much better value used though , and choices are many . 
  with the scrambler it is quite the opposite . 
  my question is this : tall guys who own bonnevilles , what is your experience with them as daily commuter bikes ?
