  well , people do that sometimes . 
  get drunk and behave accordingly . 
  as far as the not having kids part goes , that 's rough , but if you truly love this person it should n't matter . 
  nobodys perfect . 
  art school . 
  you 're welcome . 
  chips . 
  just salted chips . 
  how 's the food ? 
  i hear great things . 
  i have a friend who 's a maniacal backpacker , i think he 's been to 80 + countries , all continents and travels 5-6 months of every year , and he rates the food in palestine to be the best . 
  he 's also a food obsessive , so i trust his judgement . 
  have fun !, 
  death from above 1979, 
  2 edgy 4 me, 
  he works on the road . 
  he books bands for dough , it can be done via email . 
  i did tkd for about 4 years , took a couple years off . 
  when i wanted to get back into tkd , lady luck caused me to get hurt ( muscle tear ) so i was on the sidelines for a couple months . 
  a friend who trains bjj asked me along to an open mat in may this year , and after that class i signed up . 
  best workout i 've ever had , and something i totally enjoy although i suck . 
  an added bonus is that i had a fun sparring session with my old tkd training partner ( he 's a red belt ) and i completely destroyed him with only 5 months of bjj training . 
  good times . 
  albums leak because reviewers get promotional copies . 
  tv shows tend to get reviewed after they air . 
  a proverbial political chess game needs an actual chess grand master to pundit . 
  but seriously , this is a scary and confusing ecscalation of events . 
  get shorty, 
  use it quite a bit too . 
  yeah , how would i know ? 
  i only ran a record label for four years . 
  well , i 've never worked in tv , but whenever we used to relase a new record , you could bet your ass it was on pirate bay within days of the promos going out . 
  and this was a long time ago , too . 
  i ca n't say what the business is like these days . 
  thanks for the downvote by the way , have an upvote !, 
  which country are you referring to ? 
  the service industry generally pays very badly . 
  most rely on tips . 
  i 've been bartending on and off for many years and i can attest to this . 
  the tips make a difference . 
  i live in a western european country with lousy tippers . 
  the pillow trick . 
  i 'm gon na go with the concept of the * purse * . 
  you ca n't find anything in there . 
  especially if you need it * fast * . 
  most women also collect them . 
  i 'm not going to lie . 
  i hate purses . 
  i remember growing pains as being a proverbial pain in the ass . 
  i take it you 're not a regular at a bar ? 
  theres `` moves '' and then there are * moves * . 
  the subtle difference is like comparing the acting of arnold approaching a female in conan the barbarian , and the way johnny depp approaches a woman in don juan demarco . 
  one is more popular with the ladies , guess which . 
  `` mr. cameron , the ukips are gaining momentum , say something to please them so they vote for you instead '' . 
  that 's ok !, 
  good luck , hope to see you back here . 
  that is tight !, 
  you have great taste !, 
  i trust my foot . 
  elaborate ? 
  ok . good songs move me , and as a drummer , good music usually makes me * air drum * , or at the very least tap the beat . 
  it 's * instinct * i guess . 
  iron maiden - powerslave -  somewhere in time -  seventh son . 
  you did n't fuck up , you * won * dude . 
  fuck that guy and his fucking suit . 
  well , they could just happen to assosiate freely . 
  cool cat . 
  lots of people just went `` wait , that 's grandpa !, 
  kinda missing my point there , dude . 
  idk care about yachts or any of that shit , i care about being treated right by my fellow man , and op did what i would 've done - stood up for himself . 
  op did what the job description required , the * businessman * was clearly out to fuck with the blue collar man . 
  and that , my friend , ai n't nothing ta fuck with . 
  i repeat : fuck that guy . 
  i 'm copying this and putting it up where i work !, 
  this sounds like the plot from a 007 movie . 
  i 'm a barkeep again for the moment . 
  the worst part about the job is the * pissy * customer . 
  you know the kind : they do n't tip , they 're always complaining about things that are completely out of my control ( like prices , selection etc. ), 
  and behave like you * owe * them something special . 
  bar etiquette people , it 's not hard . 
  hart , kompany , david silva and kun aguero - obviously !, 
  rodriguez would be amazing . 
  had a great world cup too . 
  kolarov should play more in attack imo, 
  somehow , i do n't think she 's too fond of reddit right now ... 
  the band tool , because my head would explode . 
  not his last words , but his last words * to me * : `` play some kyuss '' . 
  to clarify , my buddy died in \u00b4 03 ( cancer ) he knew he had a matter of days left , he could barely speak and was paralyzed on one side . 
  so i sat there with him while we listened to sky valley for the final time . 
  he squeezed my hand , and i could see he was enjoying that . 
  that 's one of the best shower thoughts so far . 
  you own your own meat . 
  your call . 
  no , kyuss the band ... 
  probably . 
  i 'm old and i do n't watch much tv . 
  help people out . 
  i does n't even take 5 minutes . 
  `` oh that 's quite the heavy grocery bag you have there , might i open the door for you sir ? 
  get * rushified , joban *,
