  stay away from all kids you fucking sick fuck . 
  it 's definitely not legal . 
  i hope the law ( or someone else ... ) catches up to this douche . 
  `` stay away from kids '' should n't be that hard to understand , yeah ? 
  having sex with consentual adults is not the same as fucking a kid . 
  you know that . 
  we all know that . 
  the law states it . 
  you need to shut the fuck up . 
  sure , i realize that . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  but * i am * a parent , and i dont know if you have kids , but if there 's one thing in human nature that 's just as basic as survival , shelter and food , it 's protecting your offspring . 
  and threats to my children ( and any other childs ) well being , pisses me off to my pre-historic , murderous caveman core . 
  there 's no logic there . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  do any of y' all know what their teams names are ? 
  there 's high , and then there 's * too high * . 
  `` why want ? '', 
  that 's zen , dude . 
  my guess , and i might be wrong , is that he saw nigel farage in the stands . 
  wow , right ? 
  yeah , and if tomatoes are a fruit , then is n't ketchup a smoothie ? 
  if you tune differently , buy strings that keep the tension . 
  i play drop c 50 % of the time , and variations of it the rest of the time , and i use .13 - .56 sets, 
  totes !, 
  by the way , have you ever wondered how pizzas are delivered in square boxes , but we cut slices into triangles ? 
  fucken nailed it !, 
  wingman in training , i see . 
  ... both are viable and time tested strategies , but i concur that the `` just talk to her '' variant is the best option . 
  you should hear the bark !, 
  indeed !, 
  john candy  chris farley  zach galafiniakis  me, 
  co ` hecht, 
  cool !, 
  i saw them play a festival here . 
  they were amazing . 
  noooo , guitars are for lovers . 
  what guitars do you have ? 
  money, 
  stay at it . 
  been playing for 30 odd years ( i 'm 41 ) . 
  it 's my favorite thang in the world . 
  ( even more than bjj , shhhh . ), 
  robin williams, 
  `` sex is overrated '' - my wife . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaa . 
  lazer shark !, 
  what ? 
  humor is hard, 
  in fact , i do n't . 
  maybe they were afraid you 'd wreck them . 
  i 'd like to see russell brand on there . 
  not for his wits , but for the inevitable spaced-outness that will occur . 
  i was very religious for the first 10-12 years of my life . 
  i was brought up penetcostal . 
  island . 
  to be fair , arda has actually played for barca . 
  my wife is all about gender equality , until its time to change the tires . 
  going in circles ? 
  ignore my flair , but ... confirmation bias . 
  we gon ' lose . 
  * la peste * , as well . 
  especially in these `` alt-right '' times . 
  i am football supporter too , i just do n't get the pep hate . 
  yeah , but you get that your flair matters in this context . 
  had it been a west brom supporter , i would 've gone `` yeah , tony pulis '' and that would 've been that . 
  where . 
  that . 
  well , i am pretty big . 
  that might be it . 
  hi , thanks !, 
  i ride a bonneville , but it 's far from stock . 
  i have rizoma mx bars on it , they 're pretty straight . 
  i do n't particularly like under hanging mirrors , but i 'll try a little tinkering tomorrow . 
  as they are now , they 're right over my hands , and i 'm a bigger dude . 
  as in broad shoulders , kind of . 
  yeah , the difference between the arms on both sets are like 2-3 inches reach . 
  i also have a set of stock mirrors from the new triumph line ( from a new 2017 t100 ) and they work really well . 
  it 's only a cosmetic thing , they have this gray/black 2 tone thing i do n't like . 
  i 'm not that into the bar end look for this bike . 
  it 's a poser bike , you know . 
  got ta look right . 
  but it 's got ta be safe too , so if they do n't work as mirrors per se , they might as well be trash . 
  this might have been 200 euro ( i 'm in europe ) down the drain . 
  spanked, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  way to go commenting on a 3 month old thread by the way . 
  i 'm norwegian , that dude sucks . 
  i do brazilian jiu jitsu , mainly to get this kind of rage out of my system in general . 
  the way that works for me is that i know i can pretty much choke out 99 % of the population , but it also makes me aware of that 1 % that could still beat my ass . 
  i try to maintain control and composure in my life , so i do n't have to check if the guy i 'm yelling at belongs to that last 1 % . 
  especially when that dude is in a car and i 'm on a bike , which fucks the odds for me . 
  you could try yoga too . 
  and go down on her after, 
  do you eat shellfish ? 
  do you allow women to speak in the congregation ? 
  have you lusted after your lover ? 
  have you worn clothing made from two materials ? 
  that 's forbidden according to the bible too , soooo * you probably should n't be referencing that book * to make any kind of decision . 
  intelligent vs. dumb .
