  at 2:17 lewandowski spoiled a sitter for him too . 
  what the hell is felix magath doing to ffc ? 
  yes . 
  you do n't change the team colors . 
  i 'm looking at you vincent tan . 
  looks like bayern trade positions quite often ... 
  a black es335, 
  day 2 here . 
  keep at it . 
  intelligent people breeding more . 
  * smarts * are being outbred . 
  just look around . 
  the apathy in the western world, 
  i have no idea yet . 
  i have to do * something * that 's for sure . 
  no red card now , mario !, 
  and arsenal is n't ? 
  andrea pirlo , just so i could have a city shirt with pirlo on the back . 
  bearded football magic jesus pirlo . 
  ok , but surley arsenal are contenders ... their first xi is world class , and with luck they will challenge us and cfc . 
  but they could do with more depth , agreed . 
  many like them . 
  we have had pro-isis demonstrations in my neighbourhood . 
  it was fucked up . 
  best right back in the premiership . 
  shindlers list, 
  no it 's a woman, 
  where did you find this ? 
  grew up pentecostal . 
  broke with it in my late teens . 
  i have never met more judgemental and downright ingnorant people than those who profess their love for a * tolerant and forgiving `` god '' * . 
  i 've been called drug addict , liar , traitor , satan worshipper and * atheist * ( smirk ) . 
  just for thinking for myself . 
  you just wasted 5 seconds of mine, 
  lloris ? 
  what are you doing ? 
  it 's aready taken : anal cunt, 
  your post resonates deeply with me . 
  one of the reasons i started drinking ( and doing drugs , which i quit ) is * precisely * because of my idolozation of these troubled people ( most of which are dead , * because * of their addictions ) . 
  at the same time , i came from punk rock - and the straight edge movement in punk is pretty strong , with some very strong and inspirational voices . 
  like ian mackaye , a lifelong sober person , who probably is my favorite musician . 
  he has inspired many musicians to live a clean and sober life with accountablitity for their actions . 
  i 'm only saying this because i 've had these ** positive ** role models there all my life , but chose to only look to the troubled ones , disregarding the fact that some of my favorite music of all time actually came from sober individuals . 
  i only * just * realised this paradox . 
  art is supposed to be * genuine * and * heartfelt * , right ? 
  but the bukowskis and the cobains were * covering * their true selves behind drugs and booze , while the mackayes and the rollins ' of the world are actually writing from a honest and sober place , which takes way more courage . 
  i 'm a musician too by the way , i tour a minimum of 100 days per year on the road , with all that entails ... 
  staying sober is hard . 
  keep up the good work chinaski ... 
  cap , short for captain . 
  [ here is the original picture of chuck ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gfrwafr.jpg ), 
  ikea right ? 
  looks like tambourines to me, 
  had an on/off relationship to a woman for ten years , mostly when we were single , but occationally also when she was in a relationship . 
  it ended badly . 
  it 's crooked like that , yes . 
  did you get her a * pearl necklace ? 
  you do things that are bad for you . 
  but the worst part is going home with random people for coke/whatever . 
  you never know who these people really are . 
  stop before you get raped or killed . 
  seriously . 
  there are some fucking scary creeps out there . 
  so , how did he survive getting stabbed with a carpet knife ? 
  i got stabbd in my calf with the exact same kind of knife , and damn near bled to death in 10 minutes ... 
  sturridge never got to play regularity at city or cfc , so when he * finally * got to be a first choice xi player , he flourished . 
  city never should 've let him go , imo . 
  welbeck could do the same thing , who knows what his true potential is . 
  once he gets regular weekly playing time , he might turn out to be a real class act . 
  arsenal could be the right club for him . 
  his attempt was better than eriksens , hah, 
  not berating . 
  i 'm asking her to be careful . 
  i always liked welbeck , well at least for the last day . 
  how livermore is more expensive that snodgrass is beyond me . 
  that jesus supposedly rose from the dead , and thus creating the whole basis for christianity ... 
  dane cook is the lowest form of humor . 
  rex kwon do !, 
  let 's hope he fares better than jeffers . 
  seems like terrorists love the place, 
  squidbillies, 
  midwife , teacher and undertaker . 
  people are alwys going to be born , go to school and die . 
  itt : people bragging about their height . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '', 
  the code is : sher, 
  what about everton , you forgot everton !!!!!!!, 
  aston villa , newcastle , west ham and southampton will be 8-12th . 
  great !, 
  tom cleverley , the new steve sidwell !, 
  slayer - * angel of death *, 
  full of blood in support of leukemia . 
  tailgating . 
  i want to break so bad , i ca n't help myself . 
  never mind * job * , i 'll lead a scientific revolution and establish mathematical , mechanical , and empirical bodies of knowledge . 
  you 'll know me as * the inventor of everything * moahahaha, 
  shinedown , disturbed , staind ... the list of shit-o-rama goes on . 
  transformers . 
  what a piece of shit . 
  `` hello , i 'm johnny cash '',
