  how will she * enduro * that ? 
  they fired * 5000 * rounds from the apartment ? 
  how many times did they reload ? 
  did they have a gatling gun or what ? 
  daeshbags . 
  the blue steel is strong in this one . 
  i agree with this guy . 
  `` remember that time we 69 ` ed and i got dried fart/shit drizzles in my face ? 
  that was pretty gross . '', 
  slappin da bass never gets old . 
  time to get rushified !, 
  1000 euro would be my limit right now . 
  hey , is this your artwork ? 
  have you done record sleeves for bands before in that case ? 
  cool . 
  yes . 
  may i pm you ? 
  well , we got proper klopped . 
  geometric patterns ? 
  looks like the work of thomas hooper . 
  the sorority girl/babe look . 
  gtfoutta here with that `` cutesey , play dumber than you really are '' shit . 
  i like girls with attitudes and wits . 
  the whole cast of the hobbit trilogy . 
  unusually weak bantz from mourinho . 
  whenever i eat a sub , i ususally finish it . 
  nurse ratched, 
  we do n't klopp and tell , mate . 
  stranger things have happened . 
  spurs have been pretty impressive this far into the season . 
  just look at him !, 
  bellend !, 
  that was deliberate . 
  edit : thats what it looked like to me . 
  stewart lee . 
  sean rouse . 
  ted nugent, 
  i give them all i have because i love them more than myself , and that 's more than i 've ever loved anyone . 
  why plant that seed of doubt in your head ? 
  yes !, 
  this eagle and star nonsense never sat right with me . 
  what do you care ? 
  you lot are keeping yours . 
  what is this * cityzens * nonsense ? 
  we have always been the sky blues . 
  or simply city . 
  yeah , what do i know right ? 
  several universities now have * gender studies * , this must be what that 's for . 
  well , i think history tells us that both pairs worked fairly well . 
  if you add xavi/iniestas international success to their club success , my two cents are on them . 
  but , honestly , as a city fan , scholes was probably the best english midfielder to have played on these shores . 
  a simple heart with her name in a banner ? 
  public transportation . 
  this is true `` life hack '' . 
  fucked up everywhere ? 
  jail ? 
  drugs ? 
  whatever you did , you can go , make up a name and as long as you endure the training and the actual service ( which supposedly is tough as fucking fuckballs ) you are now french with a clean slate . 
  `` i ` m pasta sombre , how ya doin ? '', 
  if a woman is single and attracted to you , she will probably let you know . 
  if you have to ask , you most likely already blew it . 
  you sayin google translate is * wrong * ?? 
  the * chighuurd * flag , not representing the country of old men . 
  i 'll admit , that was a bit far fetched , even for reddit . 
  seems like an effective strategy to get what you want, 
  isis ( the band ) . 
  tool . 
  cult of luna . 
  i wish i could go back in time just to listen to in on the killtaker for the first time again . 
  this is the right answer . 
  i do n't understand why so many think atheism is a religion , or anything like it . 
  yeah , i had a colleague whos an adventist , and he pretty much did the same thing . 
  he 's kinda respectful of my views , and i listen to his , and we have some pretty entertaining debates . 
  but the one thing he ca n't wrap his head around is that we do n't congragate , that we are not an * organized * thing . 
  at his retirement party earlier this month , he slapped me on the back and said , quite fatherly : `` do n't look at the world like it 's you against everybody '' . 
  i think that 's what it seems like to many religious folk . 
  well , if you 've created the monster you better make damn sure you can control it . 
  seems like they forgot that part . 
  let 's say , for * fun * , he 's in between 1 and 25 at any given moment . 
  not shay given , though . 
  that 's not even funny . 
  last man tackle = red card . 
  if it 's in the area , red card * and * penalty . 
  double punishment . 
  what are the two next games for leicester ? 
  never underestimate the power of * dumb * . 
  this is why god created memory clamps . 
  i never want the raggies to win anything . 
  argument . 
  there . 
  sylvinho or geovanni in recent history . 
  tree of life . 
  affordable tesla cars . 
  branislav ivanovic seems to be struggling . 
  opponents seem to target him as a weak link to be exploited . 
  used to be quite the opposite . 
  no need for that paternity test , then, 
  britainsnuttiestguy is david micthells account . 
  possibly . 
  eisenhower 's farewell address :,
