  cool , i 've been looking forward to seeing the new line get customized . 
  nice one !, 
  gandalf told us, 
  no feelings, 
  what kind of a racist question is * that * ? 
  i solve this by not going to the gym . 
  there 's attention seeking , and then there 's this . 
  how did that even happen . 
  counter steer , goddammit . 
  yes , but you should still steer the bike thru the turn, 
  livermore has been through some tough times . 
  glad to see it being taken seriously . 
  downton abbey : psg edition . 
  i 'd like to look just as average as viggo mortensen then . 
   halle berry looks good, 
  ftfy, 
  this band rules . 
  i 'm not a smart man ... but i know what love is, 
  sanjay seinfeld over her, 
  i 'm not a genius , but are you me ? 
  i 've taken the mensa test ( the one where you actually show up and get your result in the mail ) and i was surprised by my score . 
  i had the same experience in school , it was boring and uninspiring and i could always predict where the arguments were going next . 
  until it was n't that easy anymore , and i struggled in his school . 
  i eventually finished a ba in sociology but i 've always been like you , a creative mind that the school system just did n't have a plan for . 
  mind you , this was in the eighties , hopefully its better now . 
  i 've also had the same issues with disillusionment and the feeling that i never quite `` link up '' with * normal * ( i stress , i 'm still no genius ) people . 
  wish i was just a * little * smarter , so mensa would let me join , but alas . 
  yes . 
  well , my local chapter requires an iq of 131 and my score was 124 , so i 'm quite a ways from that . 
  as far as i understand , the scale is not linear , and theres a huge difference between let 's say 120 and 130 . 
  is that right ? 
  late to the thread , but at an outdoor festival i saw a dude crawling naked on all fours while shitting like a dog . 
  this was roskilde festival in denmark . 
  good times !, 
  maybe the * band * isis can have their name back now . 
  my friends brothers girlfriends cousin is emelia clarkes uncle twice removed , but i 'm fine with it . 
  snl should at the very least make a sketch with these two gentlemen . 
  what a deal . 
  i 'm gone . 
  also , nobody knows how to rewind tapes . 
  hashtag gamer problems, 
  i 've been riding for 4 months , man . 
  i am also * atheist * ( i prefer non-believer , but hey ... ) , and i find jbp fascinating . 
  i think his `` god '' is more like the masonic `` god '' , a creator , a myth-thread that keeps the fabric of civilization together . 
  a man as intelligent as that surely can not believe in the garden variety ken ham god . 
  my opinion . 
  and vietnam . 
  and korea . 
  and iraq ... and ... 
  work on hand strength by compressing a tennisball or the like, 
  i think you probably should delete words like `` leftist '' and `` nazi '' from your vocabulary if you 'd like a constructive discussion about anything . 
  well , i understand that most people use nazi facetiously , but the only people who ever call me `` leftist '' would use the word `` libtard '' seconds later in my experience . 
  when was offside an american term ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i 'm not american , but i have friends from chicago . 
  on my first stay , i stumbled drunk through humboldt park in the middle of the night . 
  my dear friends wife said that she never would 've walked thru even in the middle of the day . 
  great story , bro . 
  we euros all know that, 
  who did your sleeve ( s ) ? 
  alcoholism is no joke , especially not in russia, 
  but if mr. legg met a woman called `` day '' , her name could 've been `` legg-day '' . 
  and then she could 've said `` every day is legg-day for me '', 
  hi , i need to replace david luis , i have 6.1 mil . 
  i already have phil jones and hegazi . 
  suggestions ? 
  he 's nailed on ? 
  look people in the eyes . 
  say their name a lot . 
  mimic their body language . 
  since most people are into themselves , pretending you 're like them makes them like you . 
  all right , thanks !, 
  mine just said `` i do n't want a fuckin ' yearbook quote '' . 
  is that cool or what ? 
  nope . 
  yep, 
  um , question . 
  did cfc pay his wages during this temper tantrum ? 
  * the way of the pizza *, 
  good, 
  somebody call a human rights lawyer . 
  this is very important news . 
  i like managing in belgium and holland . 
  many interesting teams , and a lot of homegrown talent in most teams . 
  it 's a no , because of the heat it packs . 
  i hate getting burnt on the roof of my mouth . 
  norway professing its love for its scandinavian brethren , and sweden and denmark are like `` seen '' . 
  that shits cold . 
  everybody loves their new thing . 
  i was like that when i discovered weed , smoked every day for fire years , and now i ca n't finish a, 
  i think we all were surprised when fabian delph did a great job at left back against wba . 
  it wouldve been funny if he turned into the left back goat . 
  you , sir , are a fucking stealthy assassin . 
  yes, 
  i 'll do it for 10000 . 
  bmw f800gs ? 
  you can them pretty cheap, 
  union schmunion . 
  your king was basically given norway for being a nice general for napoleon in the kiel treaty . 
  denmark had lost , and y' all formed a `` union '' with norway for 90ish years .
