  your gf did n't fuck up . 
  that nazi asshole fucked up by being born . 
  swans and geese . 
  big birds are assholes . 
  no problem at all . 
  i 'd do it , and i have , to humor my mother at xmas for example . 
  you control your own destiny . 
  happiness is a choice . 
  stay positive . 
  because all humans should be equal . 
  having a mens rights group is basically like having a `` white rights '' group . 
  they are already priveliged . 
  men are already in positions of power and women still , in 2014 , do not get equal pay , paid maternity leave ( it 's pretty vital for a nation to make new generations of inhabitants ) or equal treatment of the law . 
  just look at sexual harassment cases . 
  how often do you hear of the woman winning ? 
  also , a serious tag would not have hurt . 
  duck face . 
  sin is a religious construct made up to keep people in check . 
  studying ethics however , taught me that an act of conscioulsy inflicting pain onto others is morally wrong , and should be avoided at all costs . 
  in 2010 the median income of workers was $ 42,800 for men , compared to $ 34,700 for women according the u.s cencus bureau . 
  it 's not a myth at all . 
  that 's quite the insult there, 
  how would you prefer the statistics to be utilized ? 
  medians works ok in large cohorts . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  biology ( the fact that women bear children , and thus * have to * raise them ( nursing etc. ) ), 
  should be taken into consideration inthat case , and women sholuld be * compensated * for the time they have to be away from work . 
  like i pointed out , generating new people is pretty essential to a nations economy . 
  i see . 
  i took far to few statistics courses in uni . 
  reddit probably is a less ideal medium for a lenghty statistics analysis , though . 
  although it would be interesting . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , about 230lbs , and my manto x a3 fits great , it would fit even better if i were about your weight . 
  go for it . 
  in regards to the cup wearing , it 's just that i enjoy my nuts being in the shape they are now . 
  mouthguard wise , man , it 's already saved my teeth / tongue a couple of times . 
  never roll without it . 
  but that cauliflower guy ? 
  jesus , what the fuck ? 
  just wondering : how would that scramble a3 fit a 6 ' 3 '' guy with about 230lbs on him ? 
  sound more like an a4 ? 
  luckily he calms his nerves with a marlboro in the 15 minute break . 
  yet so few seem to have this simple insight . 
  humanity 's biggest tragedy is it 's unwillingness to absorb new information without having to kill the ones delivering the message . 
  thing is , i 'm right in between a3 and a4 . 
  i fit great in a koral a3 , but i have a manto x in a4 that fits me perfectly in addition to my a3 manto x that will fit me superbly when i lose 20 lbs . 
  i guess i 'm a * future * a3 , i guess . 
  rumor has it that in 1993 , atlantic records head , ahmet ertegun , approached fugazi backstage at a new york show . 
  he offered them ten million dollars and `` anything they wanted '' to sign to his label . 
  they refused . 
  your friends with peter beste ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i love his book on black metal !, 
  edit : fugazi is my favorite band , and the guys ' ethics has shaped the way i look at both music and politics . 
  i saw them only once ( i 'm from a small european country ) but it was hands down the best show i went to as a kid . 
  i really liked that article , i 'm going to read it more thoroughly asap . 
  thanks !, 
  welcome back mario , do n't score against us nutter . 
  i feel they * created * the genre more than anything . 
  no i have ` nt , but i will . 
  that 's great , very talented guy . 
  i believe he took some pictures of turbonegro way back in the days too ? 
  im ' not in the states sadly , but i 'll keep an eye out for his stuff for sure . 
  `` this is a windows ' 95 promotional vhs , starring jennifer aniston and matthew perry '', 
  what is joe allen doing in the pool xi ? 
  jovetic is proving his worth, 
  currently being shat on by yaya , * who 's birthday is it ? 
  he was great tonight . 
  man of the match, 
  clichy lost his concentration near the end though , could have cost us . 
  good control , strikers played well . 
  jovetic , man of the match - great display . 
  hopefully he will play 30 + games and score vital goals for us . 
  fernando was good . 
  yaya seems at 70 % , a little disappointing . 
  i think demichelis played well today , as well as zaba ( of course ) . 
  i did * not * like the lapse of concentration at about 80 minutes , clichy and fernandinho semed careless on the ball . 
  almost conceded because of that . 
  but all in all , pretty solid . 
  i think arsenal and chelsea will be tougher . 
  `` peguicosa '' - * lazy !, 
  how can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read ... if they ca n't even fit inside the building ? 
  ama request : the ones that are in their prime * after * 80 years of age . 
  i eat burgers upside down . 
  flat bun up . 
  always did , do n't know why , ca n't change it now . 
  language , mr. everything !, 
  plumbers earn like rappers though . 
  i hear ya , worked in a mental health facility . 
  most pwople that had worked there for more than a couple years were either burnouts or emotionless empty shells . 
  i left . 
  actually i got fired . 
  did you know md actually stands for * megalomaniac douchebag * ? 
  here is the other side . 
  it 's the same story . 
  when i did n't care what she felt about things . 
  i was minding my own business in this little town i grew up in , it was a rainy saturday night and i had been drinking at a party with some friends . 
  i was walking alone across a parking lot when this cop came running out of nowhere and body tackled me . 
  i hit the ground face first . 
  he proceeds to tie my hands behind my back with these plastic strips cops in my country use .
