  a little late to the thread , but at 6 ' 3 '' and 240 , would you get an a3 or a4 venum elite ? 
  sincerely hope you make a full recovery , that looked gnarly !, 
  aaron turner of isis , old man gloom , sumac , mammifer - founder of hydra head records , graphic designer etc. 
  is a seriously talented guy . 
  he deserves * way * more recognition . 
  spurs profit : all because of bale . 
  blood will be shed because of this comment, 
  that sucks . 
  my gym even has open mat time on xmas eve . 
  i internally read that note with a high pitched and very angry voice . 
  edit : most subscribers here need to sharpen up their set of monty python references !, 
  me three, 
  most things on / r/soccer gets downvoted because all the subscribers are 15 year old boys who cry a little on the inside because they ca n't admit to themselves they like c. ronaldo in * that way *, 
  social media . 
  some people take that shit waaaaay to seriously, 
  i clicked that link . 
  i 'm a bad ass . 
  well . . kinda, 
  the secret service are bringing their costume a game, 
  despite being a 38 year old man , i still have to show my id occationally , which means either i look young - or liquour stor clerks generally need stonger glasses . 
  that , and i 'm 6 ' 3 '' . 
  it do n't hurt . 
  good idea isis , take a loosely knit para military organization with serious reports of heavy desertion , and attack the most militarized country in the world , with drafts for both women and men , state of the art equipment , who are experts in desert warfare and who are best buddies with the us army . 
  `` frasier , lilliths family made her fortune on urinal cakes '' is a niles line i 've never been able to forget . 
  it 's the perfect revenge line . 
  if in doubt , go big . 
  crash : 18 '' + , ride : 22 '' +, 
  if your bathwater is too cold , throw a toaster in there !, 
  imo : for two reasons : i like the volume you can get from a big cymbal , and the weight makes it easier to control ( for me ) . 
  now , i only have two cymbals on my four piece kit , a 20 '' crash and a 22 '' ride along with 14 '' hats . 
  i 'd avice against buying packs . 
  in general i think the cymbals are too small . 
  your budget allows for some wiggle room if you can search out `` new year deals '' for instance . 
  a lot of stores will have stuff they want to get rid of after xmas . 
  last year i got a sweet reissue paiste 2002 ride for 90 quid on ebay . 
  and also : since you mention punk ( i play in a `` metal '' band ) , i 'd * definately * go big . 
  then again the aax series is pretty good . 
  i had a 18 or 19 '' * metal crash * that lasted for ever , and sounded great . 
  loved the bell on it too . 
  totally true . 
  i re-forgot it , then remembered or forgot and then the internet remembered it for me . 
  speed 2, 
  every time i sit down , especially on the ol' shitter , my knees make a sound like rustling aluminium foil . 
  it 's sparkly !, 
  feel so paper thin, 
  entitlement issues combined with plain * dumb * . 
  punch in yolo in your instagram searches , you 'll see 'em . 
  logging on to it in 1996 or 97 . 
  it took about ten minutes . 
  * commando *, 
  they are against the concept of * gravy * . 
  all their food is dry as fuck . 
  xmas dinner too . 
  i take out everything , balls and everything * over the flap * . 
  socialism , because it pisses off the right people . 
  makes you wonder if tan is trying to make a new mk dons ... 
  wax on , wax off . 
  mine would be gilbert gottfried . 
  or ray romano . 
  or fran dresher . 
  c3po is fluent in six million forms of * communication * , not silence . 
  http://www.whitebeltproblems.com/ ? 
  who you gon na call ? 
  i 'm still a white belt ( obviously ) , but i did tkd for years and i rolled those belts up in `` donuts '' and stacked them on top of each other to make a nice little belt tower on top of my dresser . 
  do n't waste your time at this place , dude . 
  rad !, 
  my first `` good '' ride was an aa rock ride . 
  they 're cool !, 
  what football teams to support . 
  i 've seen a lynx . 
  it looked at me for about a second before vanishing , we were maybe 30 feet apart . 
  rd , after r2d2, 
  naked women . 
  i 'm sorry , but hit the gym buddy . 
  you 're not addicted to food . 
  seriously , do n't . 
  fake it 'till you make it !, 
  i just want to say , i 'm 38 btw , if your friends do n't back you up you probably just need to meet some new friends . 
  and , being an extrovert will make that one pretty easy for ya . 
  i 'm one too ... 
  change is the only constant in life , embrace it . 
  - dad, 
  move, 
  i 'm not gay , but i grew up in a pentecostal family and knew i was atheist when i was 13 . 
  just saying it was n't easy , but once i did , a lot of the internal tension went away . 
  it tookm them some time , but they accepted i was `` different '' . 
  it ai n't the same thing , but still . 
  saying who you are is important for you , it makes you come out of hiding . 
  hiding is no good . 
  totes , you 're a duke now !, 
  why the hell did you fire chris hughton in the first place ? 
  agreed . 
  by the way , this comment is sponsored ( and bought ) by oil money . 
  like i said in the post . 
  look , i do n't want to get drawn into semantics here , but i did say it was n't the same thing . 
  my point was that living a life where you 're hiding your true self is bad for * you * . 
  your mental health . 
  regarding `` coming out '' as atheist , i can assure you that for my parents , that was a very hard blow indeed . 
  as far as they 're concerned i 'm throwing my life away , and the alienation and aggression i was met with as a pre-teen takin a stance against my whole family and community left me utterly alone and without support growing up . 
  i ai n't saying being gay * is n't * hard , but what i 'm saying is that i can * sympathize * with op 's predicament .
