  it 's mildly disinfectant and you smell like you 're from hawaii . 
  the massage leading up to sex . 
  lasts longer . 
  i 'm afraid we will not agree on this . 
  i work in a mental facility . 
  the wierdest kid we 've had was this polite , quiet kid who would stay awake for days making these figurines out of toilet paper , soap , basically whatever he could find in his room . 
  he was maybe 21 years old . 
  he would also smear soap all over the mirror and window in his room . 
  he refused to wear clothes , so only the male staff ( pun ) could handle him ( more pun ) . 
  he talked in this quiet voice about religion , that dragons were coming alive , that the walls were moving , and that the other patients could read his mind . 
  one day , after agreeing to wear clothes , he went into the common room . 
  there was this piano there . 
  at this point he had been there for 3 months , and everybody on staff basically liked him and were rooting for him to have a breakthrough , he was a nice kid , but remeber up until this point he was basically being naked , smearing stuff with soap and talking about dragons and the rapture . 
  now , he went over to the piano , stared at it for a while and then sat down after like ten minutes of staring . 
  then he proceeded to just magically play the thing for hours , he was extremely talented . 
  i 'm a musician myself , and this kid is just talented as fuck . 
  a couple weeks later he had a breakthrough , possibly because of the piano playing , and he was sent to this juvenile scizophrenics center which is way more relaxed than the super-max i worked at . 
  what a nice kid . 
  a recipe for hate . 
  hopefully he is . 
  i have n't seen him since march , which is a good sign !, 
  love the amebix shirt !, 
  james gandolfini . 
  before he was tony soprano , he was a bouncer , a manager of a gay bar , and was tricked into acting . 
  also , he seemed like a complex guy , who kept his heart on his sleeve . 
  i like a nice ginger woman, 
  `` did that hurt ? '', 
  ... i have a lot of tattoos . 
  yes , it did . 
  youtube . 
  look up * one * george carlin video , and four hours later you 're watching some azerbajani folk dance troupe and wondering what the hell happened . 
  valium usually does the trick . 
  get outta here , fernet rules !, 
  the blandest beer ever . 
  we dumb . 
  endless possibilities, 
  more ... 
  the dragon from revelations , i guess, 
  some recover . 
  most do n't , most patients actually have a long history with psychiatry and know pretty much the extent of their illness and what to do to contain it . 
  this is where most end up after dianosis and medication . 
  the most heartbreaking ones are the `` new '' ones , that are just scared , paranoid and confused about what 's happening to them . 
  and some are just `` too far gone '' , you 've probably seen the type , shouting in the street , taking to invisible people etc. 
  it 's the same way for me . 
  i watch true blood solely because of jessica . 
  where are you from ? 
  so if your god creates the whole universe , but only has space in * heaven * for descendants of adam to be saved - why the hell did he create so much space ? 
  are you calling your god bad at planning , ken ham ? 
  vincent van gogh did n't become famous until the end of his life . 
  he was so unknown that not many even knew of his death . 
  franz kafka only published a few pieces of his unfinished works . 
  his writing did n't get much attention until after he died, 
  it varies from case to case , and i would say also from person to person . 
  some people have a very strong network , and some are all alone . 
  the `` chronics '' are ususally alone , i 've seen patients not get a single visit for four months . 
  i 've also seen people that are best friends on the outside who literally carried their friend on their backs to our door , and be the first ones waiting when they got out too ... you know , real people . 
  but , and i 'm resigned to say this , most cases are about * containing * the person until they are fit and well enough to sit in their council flat , medicated and watching tv . 
  most docs at my unit consider that a * success * . 
  just curious , how long did it take for you to reach purple ? 
  i 'm 38 , started 3 months ago . 
  having a blast . 
  kurt also said dave was better than john bonham in like 285 interviews , so i guess you can always look at things from more angles than one . 
  i guess , if kurt had lived , things would look different . 
  i doubt nirvana would have stayed together very long anyway . 
  kurt would have quite possibly wanted to explore other things ( and people would be queuing up to work with him , plus kurt stated this wish several times in interviews ... ) , and dave obviously would still be dave with all the ability and talent he has . 
  foos would have been greeted very differently , no doubt about that . 
  that was fast !, 
  how much do you train ? 
  i 'm wondering partly because i have n't slept properly for almost 4 years . 
  source : 2 kids . 
  well if you have evil dna ... 
  whenever i watch that show , i wonder how dr. doogie ever got all those chicks . 
  i 'm curious ... you 're dead set on being single all your life ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  may i ask why ? 
  childs play ... did not sleep for days after watching that . 
  well , the world population continues to grow , but the number of children in the world has now reached its peak . 
  in 1960 they were 1 billion children below 15 years of age and they were 35 % of the world population . 
  now there are 1,9 billion children in the world , but they are but 27 % of world population . 
  in 2050 there will still be an estimated 1.9 billion kids , but they will be only 20 % of world population . 
  the reason , 40 % of world population has less than 2 children per women ( because of education/increased standard of living ) and thus compensationg for the 18 % that get more than 3 children per women . 
  ergo the population will likely `` flatten '' ( reach it 's * peak * ) at about 11 billion people in three or four genrations . 
  regardless of wether you have children . 
  i do n't regret it at all . 
  sleep or no sleep , they are the best thing i 've ever done in my life . 
  well ... the sex thing . 
  wow , that 's a whole different thread . 
  it * does * change . 
  not to the same extremes , but * hell yes * it changes . 
  we know a couple that 's going through the same troubles . 
  i feel for ya man . 
  this has to be a joke, 
  can i add : please , when we do drill , do not * resist * . 
  we are trying to learn a move here , not arm wrestle . 
  have you seen the jim jarmush film broken flowers ? 
  changes . 
  if it disappears , i 'd have to reconsider some things ... 
  sure , but i have training partners who - and this is every time - go 100 % , spaz completely and almost try to tap me , * when we are drilling * . 
  there is a couple of them , and it drives me insane . 
  did you not hear the prof just say `` go easy , learn the moves '' two minutes ago ?
