  they just got better and better with each record , too . 
  ... the fuck ? 
  when sepp blatter `` dies '' , we will know the true epu . 
  i do n't know that !, 
  what is love ? 
  obligatory killjoy, 
  that 's not the * yeast * of it !, 
  did that too . 
  eight years ago . 
  surely you jest . 
  at least we work for our dough, 
  whatever floats your boat , mister . 
  check out nathans other band too , i am heresy . 
  i 've seen it 20 + times . 
  wovenhand - refractory obdurate ( the new one , came out april ' 14 ), 
  the beatles - twist and shout is a isley brothers song . 
  being high does n't neccesarily make you wrong . 
  thanks !, 
  meditation , interrupted by immense thrill . 
  i like the contrast . 
  138 , because of the misfits, 
  * hipster . 
  * that word and concept is so watered out , i have no idea what it is anymore . 
  we just got a group like the one on the right banned from giving out flyers like the one on the left in our city ( in western europe ) , basically telling me what i can wear in the town i grew up in . 
  at the same time they were telling me what to wear and not wear , they were also giving out flyers legitimizing beating up homosexuals at the annual gay pride festival . 
  i protest in my own special way by only wearing cut off jeans , shirtless and tattooed all over , going shopping in their stores . 
  if the looks i get could kill ... 
  it ' s hard , because sometimes we ca n't decide where to eat . 
  nope . 
  delusional . 
  i feel ya ... at my gym we have the * weed guy * , whenever i roll with him , i almost feel like i 've smoked a doobie . 
  the guy reeks of weed . 
  his gi , his hair , even his skin !, 
  not * uncomfortable * per se , but nevertheless . 
  nah , if somebody tries anything , i 'll just take it all off . 
  nobody like that would be caught dead man handling a naked 6 ' 3 '' dude . 
  weird boners all around . 
  i ' d have to close my eyes real hard and go to my happy place in that case !, 
  too aggro , i 'm a sensitive boy . 
  i love lamp . 
  totes . 
  and my jorts would make more sense too . 
  how hot do you wash it ? 
  like 60 celcius ? 
  can i say , as a 38 year old man , i 've had the same thoughts . 
  the only answer to your question is : time . 
  i 've been heart broken , and thought it was never going to pass , i 've actually had two of `` the ones that got away '' , but you know what ? 
  i accepted it was over , and started just enjoying life ( and i was not dating , i did n't really want a new releationship ) and then , boom it hit me again , and i met a new fantastic woman . 
  not ever really even trying . 
  now , i 'm married ( we 've been together for 10 years ) and i have two beautiful little girls with this gorgeous woman that loves me and accepts me for the flake that i am . 
  i used to think about the crocodile hunter . 
  why , i hear you ask ? 
  because if one man can jump in water and * wrestle a fucking crocodile * , how come you ca n't ask this girl out ? 
  lotr . 
  the ending takes an hour . 
  what do you mean , holding it back ? 
  in the last 100 years , the human race has made giant scientific leaps , cured diseases , been to the moon , made inventions and explored things unimaginable to your great grandparents . 
  imagine where we will be in another 100 years , if people stay sane and do n't kill eachother over whose * god * is the right one , or who * really owns this oil * first or this * polar ice cap thing is a myth * . 
  i hope to at least see 50 more years on this rock , and i ca n't wait to see what happens . 
  just me typing this out and pressing `` save '' contains enough human progress to blow my fucking mind . 
  ahem , * fox mulder * . 
  mulder response time . 
  23 minutes . 
  not bad !, 
  bananas . 
  i do n't have one for scale , they 're extinct now apparently . 
  lita fords duet with ozzy * close my eyes forever * in 1988 , made me realize a couple of things . 
  rock ballads were awesome . 
  and that girls with weird bumps in weird places playing guitar made me feel strange in my pants . 
  thanks , did not know about that sub, 
  check if i was jason bourne and accidentally had amnesia again . 
  moonchild by iron maiden, 
  singles . 
  the * grunge * movie . 
  you mean to say that marx theories about social justice should be banned ? 
  have you read the book , oe even have a grasp on his theories ? 
  i live in a country that has free healthcare , good schools and one of the highest standards of living in the world because of the * socialist * way of thinking . 
  do n't ever mix totalitarian communism with socialist democratic free states . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  to blame marx for lack of innovation seems pretty far fetched to me . 
  i was talking about lumping socialism in with totalitarian communism , which is a gross mistake . 
  stalins mid-war soviet state had very little to do with marx ' original ideas . 
  this is my point . 
  i 've also studied for a while , and i 'm guessing at a rivalling faculty if we were on the same campus . 
  yep , humanist . 
  i have no idea how brazilian institutions are maintained , all i know is i was speaking about the * level * of marx ' theoretical arguments . 
  i 'm not implying that even * one * state in history got his ideas right , i 'm just saying , that as a philosophical work , it is a good and inspiring text on how the state should facilitate the distribution of wealth to * everyone * . 
  i guess since humans are basically greedy , that 's never going to happen . 
  johnny cash 's cover of hurt by nin, 
  the hangover to pass . 
  i know there are serious things that are way worse , but i 'm hung over so often that it 's a real nuisance . 
  i agree with you . 
  lem me just say that right away . 
  there also seems to be a very polarized view on how you should behave as a man , almost like you should pidgeonhole yourself in a way that people can immediately categorize you . 
  this guy is a jock , this guy is a nerd ... 
  take my case . 
  i get the * macho * tag a lot . 
  and i do n't want it , or play up to it . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , heavily tattoed and i train martial arts . 
  it 's fun , keeps me in shape and gives me confidence .
