  there are some lines to the left of the eye that makes me ask . 
  ok , well that explains the use of those full colors . 
  idk what you were looking for color wise , but with a cover up there are things tattoo artists have to deal with when it comes to color choices . 
  in any case , it 's a good cover up , and hopefully you 'll grow to like it . 
  if you learned to swim at 18 , bjj will be a walk in the park , sister . 
  all of it . 
  it 's funny how reddit hates kids , when they were themselves just kids a matter of months ago . 
  `` oi , ox , you catch the game mate '', 
  `` yeah '', 
  `` me too , mate , i ca n't concentrate i was up all night '', 
  trumptard, 
  do you have an opinion on the so called `` street epistemology '' movement ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  but seriously , i have a sociology degree myself , and would like some input on how to discuss current cultural events within the borders of rationality and reason . 
  people seem to go apeshit for nothing these days . 
  and choking them out is frowned upon , as you know . 
  shake and bake , buddy !, 
  shit data . 
  well , i 've found most things are harder to learn with age . 
  awesome !, 
  my eldest daughter just grew into the iron maiden shirt i bought her six years ago . 
  metal dads !, 
  very much , but theres is still this blue eyed idealist that lives inside my head that keeps convincing me to get into these arguments . 
  i ca n't help but feel as i grow older that the looming dark abyss i imagined as a kid has now finally revealed itself to be what humanity really is like . 
  do n't get all * rational * on reddit , dude . 
  did n't you hear that all of these people agree ( who 've never been on a bike ) that a loud bike is for fucktards ? 
  by the way , i ride a bonneville with an arrow can and i fucking love it . 
  it 's loud . 
  and my penis is * tiiiiiny * . 
  i 'll get a gs and hiviz gear next time . 
  my dick is not that long , but at least it 's super thin !, 
  whats extra rad is having an intercom so you can speak to your other adventure bike buddies on the 2 mile ride home . 
  love thy neighbor , right ? 
  looks very interesting , i 'll give it a read . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's because english is their * second language *, 
  north korea just threatened japan with nuclear war , and don trump is potus . 
  plot twist : wenger is actually working for spurs to demolish arsenal from the inside . . 
  well , he can afford a live-in pt . 
  yes, 
  i just unpacked a cardboard box , assembled it , got a felt pen , wrote `` bullshit '' in big letters on it , printed out this john cross article , chucked it in the box , and threw it out in the trash . 
  seconded . 
  i was a 5 year old pentecostal . 
  i even owned a kiddy bible . 
  why are you counting seven weeks ? 
  surely 4 of those make one month . 
  * just cash * is relative when speaking of city . 
  the hammer, 
  `` damn , gurrl , who farted ? '', 
  if they done tone down the insane rhetoric there wo n't be a world left to show shit to, 
  thank god for that / s , right ? 
  nah thanks , i have shit to do mate . 
  for any other parents out there who feel like they 'll never get their training time back , know that it gets easier, 
  thanks for that !, 
  i have two critters , aged 3 and 6 . 
  `` what is consciousness ? '', 
  i like your amp , son . 
  antibiotics, 
  jesus made me chuckle . 
  a ton is not * a bone * , son . 
  about blimey thousand dollarydoos, 
  every week , innit ? 
  they 're the same height , but rogan outweighs her by 70lbs . 
  she 's got a lot of cage experience , and she might win standing up . 
  on the other hand rogan trained a lot of taekwondo as a kid , so his stand up ( no pun intended ) is probably decent . 
  on the ground , she has no chance . 
  rogan 4:1, 
  climate change . 
  stop burning fossil fuels . 
  he 's a bjj black belt under jj machado and a 10th planet black belt under eddie bravo . 
  he was a massachusetts full-contact taekwondo state champion for four consecutive years . 
  solar , wind , wave, 
  yes ... and where does electricity come from ? 
  you have all three ? 
  that he looks like martin short . 
  and that he 's a cunt . 
  i did the `` punk rock '' touring thing for years and years , and thought it was going to be my life . 
  then we had two kids , and i had to scale it down to a hobby . 
  i still tour , but like 10 % of what i used to ( now i do maybe 4 weeks per year ) . 
  the clear advantages are : when i dont have to * make a living * from the band , i find that the writing becomes more relaxed , even better . 
  and i 'm more creative because theres no pressure to succeed . 
  which i love . 
  now , the younger me would 've said `` sellout '' , `` what about your * dreeeams * blah blah '' , but the 41 year old me actually loves going out for a week with the band , playing focused , good shows , and returning to my normal life and not have everything be in shambles at home . 
  i 'm still in a band that does reasonably well in europe ( we draw maybe 200 people as headliners on average ) . 
  but now i do it on my own terms , i do n't * need * the money , and writing new stuff feels better because of the lack of pressure . 
  tldr : make your own version of success , touring for tourings sake sucks . 
  are those `` agent movies '' realistic ? 
  if so , which ones ? 
  ca n't confirm , my uncle is a cabbie . 
  he 's racist , if that helps you ? 
  cool , i 'll check that one out !, 
  he 's kinda funny in a christian fundamental kind of way, 
  well , he likes food . 
  he 's not racist when it comes to food . 
  black metal , my friend . 
  black metal . 
  i 'm not italian, 
  this will crack you up : his granddaughter is half tunisian . 
  his daughter had a kid with an arab , and he hates arabs ( for * religious * reasons ... ), 
  yes,
