  you can rent a bike though . 
  anchorman 2, 
  to be fair , ronaldo 's injury actually happened , so ... 
  but what is ronaldo 's sister saying about this ? 
  people follow rugby, 
  enter mother theresa puns, 
  hot ? 
  because the majority of people on this sub are children who know fuck all, 
  a lot of people were crucified by the romans and statistically some of them were named jesus . 
  agreed . 
  that is beautiful, 
  i 'm 40 , and i do n't know how to answer this, 
  really ? 
  where was this published ? 
  from what university ? 
  i 'd like to read it ( my minor is history ) . 
  a proper shit when you really need it . 
  aaahhhh, 
  that ladder does not respect the tap, 
  they all agree ? 
  wow . 
  that is bullshit , my man . 
  enjoyed it . 
  i think it was as good as bare . 
  great comedian . 
  i 'm with you mate . 
  i miss shit city . 
  goals are good to have . 
  a belt is a physical manifestation of a certain goal . 
  when people achieve a goal , it 's ok to be proud of it . 
  all righty then . 
  grow up , op, 
  history is so hard, 
  weak source . 
  i 'm equally glad i do n't live in the usa . 
  from two wars nonetheless . 
  greece is really being tried hard the last couple years, 
  if you had told me what 's happening on the political arena twenty years ago , i would n't have believed you . 
  in 1996 , i was an idealist , wide eyed and positive . 
  seinfeld and friends was on the telly . 
  then what happened ? 
  i ca n't even . 
  moyes to sunderland is actually not a bad idea . 
  well , one of those happened and the other is a fairytale . 
  becoming farmers instead of hunter/gatherers . 
  that is , growing more crops than you need and thus creating * an economy * . 
  an economy needs workers , and there you have it . 
  we are unfree . 
  funny thing is , they 're all wrong . 
  i have no time for that . 
  at least you married cj from baywatch . 
  how do you know this joke is an act of terrorism ? 
  his joke just bombed . 
  great stuff , looks like you got a good case for it too . 
  it 's a race to prove who is more wrong . 
  that 's cool !, 
  could you * be * more like ross ? 
  the 1 % was a thing back then too , y' all . 
  visor cleaner . 
  sometimes the bugs will make a right mess of your visor . 
  robbie keane - lamest goal celebrations, 
  haha , me too !, 
  no borat jokes , please . 
  none . 
  the bulb is part of the * establishment * , man - so it can go screw itself !, 
  hey , i am not a comic but a musician . 
  i 've probably played 1000 + shows . 
  my only advice is this : get up there . 
  you need stage time . 
  another thing is , you learn way more from `` fucking up '' than a `` perfect '' set . 
  a bad show is worth ten in regards to learning what to do when all eyes are on you and how you deal with pressure . 
  just my two cents . 
  edit : grammar . 
  having kids . 
  the jury is out on that one . 
  op is failing miserably . 
  my savings account is at 0 dollars , and i 'm 40 . 
  conversely , i 'm getting a nacho shirt * if * he switches from his hockey number . 
  good , now wear a clean shirt and speak in full sentences and the job is yours . 
  travel . 
  broaden your horizons . 
  i do n't regret them , but i regret * the placement * of some of them . 
  if i could change anything , i would have just stopped at my elbows and kept my forearms clean . 
  oh , looking forward to it !, 
  oooooohhhhhhh , good one, 
  je suis sick of this shit, 
  je suis * the motherfucking reddit police *, 
  oh , i just found it unfunny . 
  putin, 
  how bout moya ? 
  you seem like the more well rounded , likeable version of the usa . 
  matt ritchie opted to play for a premiership team in the championship instead of a league 2 team in the premiership , did n't he ? 
  i 'm just going to say michael johnson so we can be done with it . 
  this joke requires very specific knowledge about a very uncommon instrument , but i laughed . 
  well done . 
  is this instead of sane ? 
  the shawshank redemption, 
  how does fucking bayern help him not come to city ? 
  probably going to stoke . 
  no , no .
