  ludwig vistalites , orange ones . 
  24 '' kick , 18 '' floor and 14 '' rack . 
  zildjian k 's 22 '' ride , 20 `` crash x2 , 14 '' hats . 
  amore . 
  sorry , hardcore joke . 
  plot twist . 
  op is maynard james keenan, 
  this is my no. 1 plan if i win the lottery . 
  how do you like em ? 
  thinking of putting those exact bars on my bonneville . 
  that would work for me too , 
  i play the distraction game . 
  make them forget the they were angry about diaper change , and make it fun instead . 
  involves a lot of faces and tickling . 
  well , youre basically describing earth atm , but your thing about the vaccines make me cringe . 
  except the bubble burst and basically bankrupted a generation . 
  bottom one, 
  cool , i think i 'm gon na get them . 
  yeha , i think so . 
  i have thruxton bars on it now , and i wan na scramblify it . 
  get taller rear shocks too . . 
  the way mitrovic and shelvey were fucking about 30 seconds before , honestly made me think toon deserved that slap in the face . 
  i hope some biker chick schools this bitch in prison, 
  louis the 14th , `` the sun king ''  napoleon , n'est - ce pas ? 
  it better be harald fairhair , or norwegians will deliver for op . 
  well , i remember having to take a mbti test as part of a job interview once . 
  decided right then and there that was n't the job for me . 
  i just find it hard to accept being put in a `` category '' on the basis of my score . 
  i think you know him because of the failed invasion , but for norwegians fairhair is the * one * , because he was the 1st king of norway . 
  money, 
  i like it, 
  well , the sun king was also so out of touch with his people that he more or less singlehandedly inspired the french revolution , with all that entailed - dethronement , decapitations , the peoples republic and all that hubbub . 
  napoleon would n't have had a base at all if that had n't happened . 
  so , dumb ? 
  we all use different words . 
  edit : wrong louis . 
  i mixed them up . 
  i confidently thought i was talking about the 16th , but somehow wrote the sun king ( who 's 14th ) . 
  i guess i 'm human after all , who knew . 
  you 're absolutely correct , i fucking mixed them up . 
  he was * emperor * iirc, 
  the tank and exhaust really throws me off this . 
  i just dont like the style the owner went for . 
  i think the bike is pretty cool , but you need to get all the original parts in the deal . 
  if the bike originally was a t100 black ( since the engine is blacked out ) , the owner must have painted the engine fins , because on mine theyre not black . 
  and the stock ( shitty ) shocks are on , so all the mods are cosmetic , not performance - which i think is priority no. 1 . 
  all in all i would use all of these points to haggle . 
  jack looked scary in the shining , even on his break . 
  because the rainbow unicorn bedazzled his mother while pregnant , of course . 
  on another note , pun intended , grow up op . 
  are those decals ? 
  i actually hate the tank badges on my t100, 
  music has always been there . 
  it 's the only constant in my life . 
  i used to listen to records on headphones from age 3 . 
  started playing drums at age 9 , guitar at about 10 . 
  i 've been in bands since age 13 , and i 'm 40 now . 
  sadly , this would be a good move for the lad . 
  i would love to see him play more . 
  when jesus returns he probably wo n't make the bench . 
  qpr , fulham and brentford , perk up . 
  this is your cue . 
  tom cruise, 
  pinch of cinnamon in the chili bowl . 
  mm , good . 
  entitled , special snowflake types . 
  usually the borderline narcissistic personality disorder . 
  example : snowflake : `` i ca n't believe you 're doing this to me , i dont deserve this . '', 
  professor : `` the paper was due yesterday , i 'm not going to let you submit it '' . 
  snowflake : `` this is a witch hunt '' . 
  professor : `` the rules are the same for everyone '' . 
  snowflake ( to everybody ) : `` my rights are being violated here ! '' . 
  you know the type . 
  this is actually a real thing , i have it too . 
  its called misophonia - an irrational hatred of certain noises . 
  i think the trust between us would be broken forever , and the aftermath of that broken trust ( doubt , a fear of repetition , wondering what else they do behind your back ) would eventually be worse than the actual thing . 
  i would n't recommend it . 
  a pack of condoms . 
  nick nolte was amazing in the thin red line . 
  agreed , would hate to see him go . 
  i miss the days when we actually had academy lads coming thru to the 1st team . 
  brb , getting popcorn, 
  i 'm going to bed . 
  thats all i wan na do anyway , and its all i 've wanted to do ever since having kids . 
  good luck getting me to do anything , teens . 
  looks like they have an us store :, 
  cheers , we face many of the same challenges . 
  it 's going to be way easier with school done , for sure . 
  i felt like it was forever to get my blue too , but all of a sudden it was just there , i guess this phase will be like that too . 
  keep showing up and have fun !, 
  sound like a plan , guy . 
  this is true . 
  ok , thats reassuring . 
  my instructors are very cool , both family guy black belts from brazil . 
  i can totally talk to them , and one of them i consider a friend . 
  hes been very cool to me , and he 's been extremely supportive . 
  i think he knows exactly what my situation is , i 'm never going to compete seriously , i 'm always going to be a hobbyist . 
  i just want to be a really good hobbyist . 
  but i take your last point there as well . 
  thanks for the input , much appreciated .
