  he 's a riff machine , a very creative player and does n't really stick to a specific style . 
  he 's also in the shadow of the other guys in that band , which has always been weird for me . 
  i know , every guy in that band is exceptionally good at their thing . 
  but still , adam jones . 
  this is only half an alice in chains lyric . 
  i worked at an independent record store in my early twenties , and my wife who 's 4\u00a01/2 years younger would be in every other week , she was just a kid though ( 17-18 ) , and i was 21-22 , and i only realized after we 'd been dating for a time that * damn , that was her * . 
  i must have sold her records plenty of times . 
  when we met * for real * she was 24 and i was 29 . 
  ffwd 12 years , been married for 8 and we have two kids . 
  nobody on reddit will be able to answer this . 
  nowhere else either . 
  it needs the d, 
  fantastic , really interesting how where i grew up is basically in the middle of the yukon !, 
  catalyst, 
  cool , have you got a model specification ? 
  imagine the detachment from empathy toward your fellow man when you construct fuckery like this . 
  these brainwashed kids are absolutely terrifying . 
  and for what ? 
  believing in the wrong fairytale ? 
  the lack of perspective is mind blowing . 
  no pun intended . 
  keeps the wax from melting , innit, 
  referring to people as `` the help '', 
  if we 're really splitting hairs we are talking latitude , not longitude as well . 
  i dont . 
  breathing exercises . 
  2004 is a long time ago , mate, 
  i ca n't believe our luck this season, 
  how the fuck did you read anything * belittling * from my post ? 
  are you slow ? 
  rationalize all you want . 
  i dont care what your reason is , you dont build this and set it off for * any * reason . 
  fuck off and fuck your god . 
  take responsibility for your words and actions . 
  christianity promotes a `` good lifestyle '' ? 
  tell that to gay people , tell that to any non-white heterosexual male , and they 'll laugh in your face . 
  youre lucky to be able to see the world completely neutral of cultural upbringing . 
  you should run for president of the world . 
  i dont trust many governments . 
  especially not putins . 
  i will !, 
  prove its not a fairytale , and ill buy you a car . 
  thats not the premise . 
  how bout this : you should need my empathy to keep believing in whatever you believe . 
  take responsibility for your own life , and i 'll deal with mine . 
  how bout i deal with my train of thought , and you deal with yours . 
  good . 
  check mate, 
  religion deserves no respect merely because you say so . 
  that would probably be very productive . 
  `` prove religion is true '' . 
  makes no difference to my point . 
  let 's just agree to never be friends, 
  but i 'm not making any claims here !, 
  the burden of proof lies on religion , making extraordinary claims . 
  i 'm merely calling it a fairytale , which it is until they can prove me wrong . 
  dad ? 
  both imaginary creatures , so who frigging cares ? 
  i ai n't no stranger to some waylon, 
  thats not what i said , and you know it, 
  satire ? 
  that depends , do you want to play with other people ? 
  if the answer is * yes * , then you need to be in time . 
  secondly , do you want other people to listen to what youre playing and make sense of it ? 
  if the answer is * yes * , then you need to be in time . 
  paging future psychologists . 
  paging future psychologists . 
  clean up in isle 4 . 
  i wear custom earplugs with a -25 db limiter . 
  you can hear everything , its just quieter . 
  he was a gangster in road to perdition, 
  its been a while since i saw it , but he was n't a saint iirc . 
  but still , not the point of the role , agreed . 
  religion, 
  do i know what i know now ? 
  why ? 
  looked my best , still had n't done too many * terrible * choices . 
  los of business to be made in waging war , this is gon na be yuge !, 
  the best war , the best , you guys . 
  trust me . 
  its genius . 
  shrimp , dude . 
  i have two , they rule . 
  goodness gracious great balls of water, 
  lokks like 8-10-12-14 toms, 
  get well soon !, 
  if they 're looking to piss off a group of people , attacks against football would be very effective . 
  let 's just hope the player is ok , and this fuckery will end . 
  i actually worked with blind people for a long time , and most of them have talking watches . 
  but , still . 
  op has no friends . 
  where ? 
  i do n't recall . 
  i 'm european , and i 'm not fuckin used to it . 
  maggie gyllenhaal , i 'm a dude and i make a prettier female . 
  i once woke up with this insane pressure on my shoulders , and i heard what i can only describe as a big cat growling in the corner of the room . 
  there was nothing there and eventually i woke up fully , totally confused . 
  the earliest mention of georgia is in the middle ages , i would guess the us one still thinks it superior since y' all have drive thru mac d 's , right ? 
  the ability to make every human on earth rational . 
  not the point of my post now is it,
