  works 60 % of the time all of the time . 
  well , you can prove anything with facts ca n't you, 
  i have a decent overview . 
  donald trump just tweeted a whole sentence without a mistake !, 
  probably got distracted by his nose . 
  edit : i forgot this was r/soccer . 
  bring on the downvotes , kids !, 
  just leave it in the corner until it does n't seem like a chore anymore . 
  it will call on you . 
  oh , yes . 
  it will call . 
  ah , the alchemy of reddit, 
  your 3 yo can spell ? 
  impressive . 
  cool !, 
  i have two vikings . 
  great guitars . 
  nor do they think about you nearly as much as you think, 
  stew is god, 
  played poker ? 
  you do n't give away your hand . 
   sleep, 
  oh , god . 
  yup . 
  i 'm a father of two ( 2 and 6 years old ) , and when i ca n't get enough sleep ( which is often ) my training sessions really suffer . 
  bitcoin, 
  mexican, 
  all the people on row 14 know what row they 're * really * on . 
  rip mitch hedberg, 
  have good idea . 
  work hard . 
  re-invest money into your business . 
  work harder . 
  save . 
  re-invest . 
  live on poverty line . 
  then , * maybe * . 
  we 're grown men now , with families of our own . 
  it 's the same as a good buddy , only i know a lot more about them . 
  yeah , i 'm 41 , my brothers are 38 and 33 . 
  the 33 y.o and i are very much alike ( as far as personality and interest goes ) , and my kids and my middle brothers are the same age . 
  although him and i are very different ( but , you know , the same ) . 
  the youngest brother is still a bachelor , so i 'm living vicariously through him . 
  haha . 
  its nice to have siblings that turned out to be nice adults , though . 
  do you recommend rowing machines as an `` at home '' exercise ? 
  i do jiu jitsu , and do a little mountain biking , but i 'm still in need of more core strength and ( a lot of ) conditioning . 
  i 'm 41 , 6 ' 3 '' , about 240-250 lbs . 
  [ this whole entombed record ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsdwltpavqm ), 
  that idiot nazi also killed a talented man . 
  fuck him . 
  regardless , he killed him . 
  if being a prick justifies you getting knifed to death , then a lot of people should be worried . 
  `` only time will tell if we stand the test of time . '', 
  van halen , why ca n't this be love ? 
  the smashing pumpkins drummer did that in the nineties , iirc . 
  i 'm sure he 'll get over it . 
  roger is still only 35 . 
  yoga, 
  i like it !, 
  i was sick of smoking , so i set a date and dealt with it . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've only had the ohlins on for a few days , but * what a difference * !, 
  like a different bike . 
  smoother , calmer ride , but also firmer . 
  highly recommended . 
  how are you liking that weeping demon ? 
  do i know what i know now ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ yes , i know . 
  i was being patronizing/funny . 
  cool , theyre dirt cheap and i love the idea of having a designated off switch and led light so you know when the damn thing is on or not ( !, 
  eddie murphy scratching on the prayer things in the golden child . 
  i. . i.i. . . i. . . i. . . i want the knife !, 
  does the led go on/off too in that setting ? 
  did you just say his name ?!, 
  very cool, 
  ... thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  come at me , bro . 
  darch . 
  the darchest . 
   explain copy pasta to me please ? 
  i ca n't i 'm old . 
  who did you vote for ? 
  i 'm not from the uk or u.s , so i doubt you care . 
  what is your usual bed time ? 
  midnight, 
  what weird things do you do and like ? 
  i like mayonnaise on * everything *, 
  what city do you live in ? 
  do you have any regrets ? 
  no ragrets, 
  do you have any pick up lines ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and hot ( empirical evidence supports my claim , mostly my history of hot ex girlfriends , and as you know women do n't date `` down '' ) , so i dont need 'em . 
  i 've actually worked as a guidance councilor for blind people . 
  the first thing : forget your own frame of reference . 
  you will need to show this student how the `` shapes '' of bjj form , how to navigate through the moves using touch . 
  i would recommend trying to do the moves yourself with your eyes closed , so you can understand where problems may arise . 
  the second thing : blind people usually need a detailed guide of the premises .
