  this elderly woman kept calling me years ago , and this happened often enough that i eventually asked what number she was trying to dial . 
  turns out her sons number was almost identical , and she kept getting it wrong . 
  so every time she called we would exchange pleasantries and wish each other a good day etc. 
  it went on for a good while , probably a year or more . 
  then suddenly this stopped , so one of two things happened : 1 ) she finally programmed her sons number , or 2 ) she died . 
  i 'm hoping for 1 . 
  she was a nice old lady . 
  football , mate . 
  and all americans are linked to europe . 
  whats your point . 
  they look at you for a prolonged period of time . 
  known as ` mirin . 
  you catch them doing it again . 
  that is mos ' deaf . 
  this is what happens when you pit people against each other . 
  the biased media coverage , the political rhetoric and lack of compassionate discussion in this matter has gotten us here . 
  and ultimately , idiots on both sides will resort to violence . 
  write thoughtful reply to original post , op deleted original post . 
  low visibility clothing . 
  thats a patchy theory . 
  i wish jesus navas could score * on the pitch * , not just off it . 
  [ that might be . 
  still relevant . 
  thats what `` us leftists '' do , innit ? 
  who would win in a celebrity tweet match between raiola and trump ? 
  do n't tempt the sheik . 
  exactly my thoughts as well . 
  i would n't have rolled with you if thats the state of your belt , cowboy . 
  grey . 
  x rays , innit . 
  it 's good to see we all have different definitions on `` perfect '' , cowboy . 
  dumb question : why does he have a white bar on his black belt ? 
  your private browsing ? 
  it was n't private . 
  we had a cat . 
  his name was `` cat '', 
  vikings . 
  oil . 
  hot females . 
  well , you would know . 
  cheers !, 
  thats rich coming from barca . 
  i think you 'd need a masters thesis to answer this question with any kind of clarity . 
  play in a band . 
  preferably a good one . 
   the real problem is finding a fucking drummer . 
  truth . 
  thirdly : finding a good drummer who does n't take all the chicks . 
  ... not live , cowboy . 
  if you can afford roadies , the getting chicks part is the least of your problems . 
  well , thats one way of saying your band sucks . 
  depends on who the drummer or bassist is , dunnit . 
  really ? 
  i 've played in bands almost 30 years , played at least 1000 shows , toured , played festivals etc. 
  i 'd say 10 % are `` serious '' , the rest are just lucky fucktards . 
  myself included . 
  me too . 
  just you know `` hey , wan na dj ? '' . 
  `` sure , can i play my playlist on spotify ? '' . 
  metal in general is great if you wan na air drum with guys in cargo shorts with ponytails . 
  wan na hear a drummer joke ? 
  what 's the last thing the drummer said before he got fired ? 
  `` hey guys , i wrote this song i thought we could jam on '' . 
  walk around with an empty case , it 's lighter . 
  no , i 'm fine riding solo and i do n't have time to play with you . 
  edited : for courtesy . 
  well , a gibson j-200 weighs enough . 
  we get paid to play , yes . 
  we usually break even . 
  sometimes we make money . 
  this business is hard , unless you 're the foo fighters . 
  yeah , and it sounds like shit . 
  true that it 's used a lot , but if you know what to listen for you can hear it . 
  yes , but the money pays for the hobby . 
  it 's not like i drive a bentley . 
  i have a day job . 
  of course , for a band our size ( 10k likes on facebook , for reference ) playing live is where we make money at all ... 
  if we can get a local festival , where we do n't have to rent a backline , van , foh etc. 
  we can make some money . 
  but : most festivals , tours etc. 
  happen way the fuck from where we 're based , and we need a van , sound , backline and sleeping arrangements . 
  that costs a fuck ton . 
  merch , on the other hand usually is a 3x profit situation , so if you wan na help a touring band , buy a shirt . 
  tldr : exposure is one thing , but getting there , playing the show , eating , drinking and sleeping usually eats up the profit . 
  t-shirts are the money maker . 
  not true in my experience . 
  * that 's easy !, 
  i 'm in a good band . 
  we have stalker fans . 
  for real . 
  i 'm 41 , married with two kids . 
  sometimes , even though i 've told people `` hey , i 'm married and we have two kids '' , they shrug it off and just keep hitting me up . 
  i 've literally told girls to fuck off . 
  i guess that makes me `` even more interesting '' . 
  noun , plural hobbies . 
  an activity or interest pursued for pleasure or relaxation and not as a main occupation : for instance , music . 
  did n't work that way for me . 
  i 'm the singer btw . 
  how do you get a drummer off of your porch ? 
  pay him 10 bucks for the pizza .
