  with br , it 's not the lyrics per se , i just ca n't get into the sound . 
  it 's so generic and i hate the multi layered vocals . 
  laphoraig is islay , and it 's the finest nectar you can purchase , sir . 
  glad you 're ok , dude . 
  had a convo in the parking garage with my hot neighbor about `` yeah , bikes man ... the freedom ... you got ta love it '' etc. 
  then when i plan to casually ride out looking all cool , i stall the bike and fall over . 
  she helped me get the bike back up . 
  glad i wear a full face helmet , because my face was red . 
  agreed , it 's an island of wonder . 
  all the distilleries there make whisky to my liking . 
  and by liking i mean loving . 
  that new number is lucky already, 
  why did i just think of pantera right now, 
  lukaku is well bigger than ronaldo , right ? 
  everyone * knows * that if you support the `` other '' manc team , you ca n't be friends irl . 
  never happened , never will . 
  its a magnificent beast . 
  cheers , mate, 
  whats your favorite islay whisky ? 
  i 'll be * that * city supporter : that is crazy money . 
  he 's good . 
  but 52 million is just bonkers . 
  so far , they seem very good . 
  i think they are from joker machine . 
  very comfortable . 
  what do you ride btw ? 
  a scrambler i assume ? 
  gem\u00fcsestadt made me chuckle . 
  nice work !, 
  my go-to is the laphroaig 10 y.o. 
  rad , rubber side down my amigo, 
  `` you do n't need to tip here '', 
  i got a backpack for xmas when i was maybe 15 . 
  at the time i thought `` what a lame gift '' . 
  i 'm 41 now , and i still have the thing and use it a lot . 
  thanks , obama . 
  i just do . 
  i think it says something about how they perceive people `` beneath '' them . 
  people who treat wait staff like subhumans in general ... 
  i think they 're all just * footballers * off the pitch . 
  with some exceptions of course . 
  roy keane comes to mind . 
  if we could have a team of 11 kompanys . 
  well , we 'd know how to tackle . 
  you forgot to include noel gallagher ( the price of a pair of trainers ), 
  i 'm from europe . 
  they have pink hair . 
  nuclear war, 
  the bagpipes, 
  true . 
  i got down voted the other day to about -400 for saying our 1st team keepers are better than rags 2nd . 
  all right, 
  hey , something like this happened to me * on my bike * . 
  i was trudging along in the bus lane ( legal here ) , lane to my left full of cars . 
  then ** in the same lane ** this douchecanoe wheelies past me on what looked like a gixxer . 
  literally inches from my handlebars . 
  cunt . 
  i have it now . 
  i do n't know why precisely , but i think it may be down to being a crap blue belt at a gym full of killers . 
  i 'm not quitting . 
  because they 're free human beings and decide what they wan na fuckin wear . 
  my tolerance of shit . 
  actual shit , not metaphoric shit . 
  do n't drink too much alcohol , stay hydrated . 
  wear shorts . 
  be nice . 
  that made me laugh way too hard . 
  kdb , sane and aguero are safe bets . 
  unless pep plans to start jesus , but i have no info on that . 
  only the status of aguero , his scoring record . 
  but he 's injured now and then . 
  just a steel clamp , yes . 
  facebook, 
  moose with calf while fishing . 
  i backed out of that one . 
  nope , i 've only had it for 3 days . 
  it 's about 400 pounds , so i doubt it can do any serious off roading . 
  the ads are worse now . 
  and the content sucks . 
  i thought he was going to overtake ... palms got sweaty . 
  it means vegetable city, 
  fake it till you make it, 
  he cost 100 million nevertheless . 
  ( yes , i * know * i have city flair ) . 
  classic `` blame city '' tactic by united lads . 
  christopher walken, 
  wash yer mouth !, 
  if this means kun is going , i 'm effin ' gutted, 
  17 mil used to be a serious offer . 
  it 's not that long ago , either . 
  nuclear war caused by religious dogma and it 's future influence on politics . 
  i believe it 's a bmw part , but i might be wrong . 
  not really , does n't bother me at all . 
  life is a box of chocolates, 
  jon walters would destroy latvia . 
  poch + a player with an attitude = ? 
  so with a known record of being ... how shall i put this ... * a whiny bastard ? * ... 
  does aurier fit into to poch 's spurs ? 
  just my two cents , but i find it * very strange * that the artist did n't improve your design before making a stencil , because any professional tattoo artist would see this and improve it in ten minutes . 
  i was hospitalized abroad last year , and i was surprised how many people called me to check on me .
