  those eyebrows are mesmerising, 
  i just had to click on that link , did n't i. . . 
  sorry , but i 'm amazed that the artist agreed to do that design . 
  it 's not too complex , though . 
  it 's only a matter of personal taste , nothing personal . 
  i just think it looks weird . 
  yeah , what do i know right ? 
  i only have almost my entire upper body covered plus 25 % of my legs . 
  that amounts to at least 200 hours of tattoo chair sitting . 
  almost all of the `` cool stuff '' i got at first is either covered up , or kept as a reminder not to design tattoos myself . 
  tattoo artists are * artists * for a reason , and 99 % of the time , they are better at drawing than every customer that walk in . 
  they have experience , and know what works long term . 
  now , if op went to an artist that gave that design the thumbs up , i 'm sure the artist has a plan with the design , and will make it work for op . 
  so , before you get all butthurt , think about the following . 
  that design is really a massive slab of color . 
  he also wants to get it big , and thus it will be impossible to cover up later . 
  tattoos are permanent , fellow redditors . 
  i have the `` radical '' 90 's tribals to prove it . 
  always thought chack was straight edge . . 
  that might be it ... 
  we have a winner . 
  tool , maybe ? 
  hence the * maybe *, 
  `` boys are stupid '' - my daughter , age 4 . 
  they 're all pretty beat up . 
  my old early seventies sg is the worst , she got it good . 
  headstock still has n't broken though . 
  no explanation needed . 
  seventh son of a seventh son , the song . 
  fuck you , op . 
  my temper , i guess . 
  tape salad fucking up my ghetto blaster . 
  micro brews and islay scotch . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' ( male ) and i could care less how tall a girl is . 
  my wife is 5 ' 3 '' . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , `` average tall '' i guess . 
  things i ca n't do : ride in the back seat of cars , get cool vintage second hand clothing , fly coach , take public transport without hitting my head , use showers in hotels , fit in bath tubs , wear shorts , hug anyone shorter than 5 ' 8 '' without the risk of farting , avoid the nicknames `` biggers '' , `` bear '' or `` grizzly '' , be inconspicous in a crowd . 
  i 'm easy to find though . 
  well , one of my best buddies is about 5 ' 8 '' and is married to a 6 ' 2 '' woman . 
  that 's my reason : most punchable face in the squad . 
  he 's at cr7 level . 
  the burgers are better in the us than in france . 
  you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in paris ? 
  no man , they got the metric system . 
  they would n't know what the fuck a quarter pounder is . 
  you leave a little something for the maids when you check out of a hotel . 
  they make less than doo doo . 
  read mein kampf much ? 
  i 'd like to be a shower , not a grower . 
  that 's all . 
  by being relaxed about her body and giving directions . 
  by doing exactly what religious people do . 
  spending time with our families and enduring hours of conversation about the same things over and over . 
  we just skip church . 
  amazing skills , leader and beard . 
  second this , i remember that my wife and i drilled more than ususal on our honeymoon . 
  drilled . 
  silky smooth skin on my dick from all the moisturizer . 
  not a wrinkle . 
  stole the joke from bill burr . 
  the wire, 
  ok , who wants a white manto x in a4 ? 
  it 's a little too big for me , and i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , 225lbs . 
  i 'll trade it for an a3 in any decent brand . 
  i can sell it too . 
  i 'm in europe , so shipping within a reasonable distance . 
  i 'm in london in april , if any of you londoners are interested . 
  plus , the manto rashies are great !, 
  louis is a great human . 
  that is all . 
  i 'm sure somebody will contest that anything is in there at all , but thanks , i 'll sit out until i feel better . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i 've been injured a total of six weeks this year already . 
  must be a cursed gi . 
  life threatening ? 
  wow , did not know it was that severe ... 
  thanks !, 
  a heel to the head ( right above my ear ) certainly hurt like a motherf ** cker afterward . 
  cheers for the link, 
  15 mins x 2-3 times per week, 
  i used to listen to metal , i still do , but i used to too . 
  you mean * ex-wife * right ? 
  stewart lee . 
  a guy from our club got his purple at a seminar the other week , with 50 guys attending . 
  he had to walk up and down a total four times . 
  the guy was * hurting * the last time up . 
  man , his back was red . 
  i think the geneva convention has a specific point about torture . 
  realized they were giggling a lot around me . 
  i originally was really self conscoius about it , and would check the mirror for boogers etc. 
  then i realized , * oh , they like me * . 
  i was about 16 . 
  my mother walked in on me jacking off , magazine in one hand , my dick in the other . 
  in my enthusiasm i forgot to lock the bathroom door . 
  i was maybe 13 years old . 
  so , yeah . 
  i 'll have one of jimi hendrix ' strats , please . 
  one he actually owned and played . 
  why was kompany taken off ? 
  i 'm chuffed , we finally looked like good old city again .
