  does n't make it any less sad, 
  i had that same bike 2003 naked , same color too . 
  great bike , still miss it !, 
  enjoy !, 
  i 'm actually flattered by this . 
  my club is haram !, 
  did you hear this from sarah palin , mate ? 
  wikipedia can be edited by anyone . 
  it 's not a valid source . 
  edit : calm down , kids . 
  go to school . 
  well , any scientific paper that corroborates your claim will do . 
  ohlins shocks , maybe arrow 2:2 exhaust , re-map the injection and get better air intake . 
  i think that 's about 5 grand . 
  someone get yayas dad some cake, 
  user name checks out !, 
  cool , i have the 114e and i love that thing . 
  when you 're so punk you ca n't play punk music . 
  such punk . 
  what 's this about ? 
  those are fuckin bad ass !, 
  good job !, 
  everybody should just watch the movie * idiocracy * , strangely prophetic . 
  you forgot william gallas and adebayor, 
  italians love totti , and they love making fun of him , so he published a bestselling book containing jokes about himself . 
  loyalty incarnated, 
  not banning , but i think the bible , quran etc. 
  should have an 18 + sticker . 
  and yes , i 'm an atheist . 
  because if people were never exposed to these texts before the age of 18 + , they would never ever buy these far fetched * truths * you so clearly do n't question . 
  such a sweet fella, 
  i 'd do it for 4k , i 'm that cool . 
  i like when colors fade , my two euro cents . 
  when i was a kid , i had to hide all my iron maiden records inside `` ok '' sleeves , like u2 and stryper . 
  because of pentacostal parents . 
  do what you have to do to keep the horns up , one day you 'll move out and have that number of the beast poster framed in your living room , and your mom ca n't say shiiiiit . 
  yet they would n't offer a single tent to the syrian refugees . 
  double mega edit : my memory failed me . 
  it was the * saudis * who had those thousands of airconditioned tents they would n't let anybody even sleep in . 
  sorry qataris , but we could all still do more . 
  tell that to ousmane dabo . 
  a mans got ta do what a mans got ta do , i guess . 
  40k , wow . 
  one of the worlds richest arab countries , and germany took a million . 
  edit : it 's the richest country in the world , per capita . 
  $ 132k vs. germany $ 47 per cap , ( 21st in the world ) . 
  how is 40k syrians 1/20 of 2.3 million qataris ? 
  it 's closer to 1/60 . 
  all i 'm saying is they 're not exactly pulling their weight toward their arab brethren . 
  look , this has side stepped tremendously . 
  great fun , but still . 
  my point was simply that in light of the refugee crisis , qatar seems to focus a helluva lot on footy , and a little less on humanity . 
  four, 
  smoke `` breaks '' at work , some of these guys are out * for a quick smoke * 10 minutes once every hour , which means i work an hour more every single day . 
  my bosses are all smokers though , so if you say anything you get * shrugs * . 
  bar end mirrors . 
  misophonia - hatred of specific sounds , like chewing . 
  how many times per week ? 
  i 'm curious because i 've trained longer than two years , and you can see my flair ... 
  i 'm not there just yet . 
  not at all . 
  how bright led lights are on stage matters a great deal , though . 
  and if you can see if the damn thing is on if you 're out on stage in daylight . 
  i have two standards , love them . 
  there 's no porn in that picture, 
  shrimp , fuck that shit . 
  you know who, 
  only one game ? 
  it 's either him or amat and swansea are up against liverpool, 
  who are you gon na play ? 
  cheers !, 
  bacause he was * the baby faced asassin * , that 's why . 
  must be hard for owen to watch a striker be world class for his entire career , not just as a teenager . 
  surely he will, 
  robbie savage giving advice on character strength , why do n't we get joey barton into the mix here as well ? 
  call el-hadji diouf while you 're at it !, 
  it 's hard being a teenager , innit ? 
  stuart `` psycho '' pearce , amadeo carboni , duncan ferguson . 
  either of these would make pepe shit his pants . 
  in any scenario you wan na talk about `` rockstars '' , you 're in any case talking about somebody who 's played thousands of hours , practising , rehearsing with a band , playing shows . 
  at some point it just becaomes a part of your everyday life , i for one never go ( well , very seldomly ) a day without playing the guitar in some form or another . 
  i do n't call it `` rehearsing '' , i just * play * . 
  i think that goes for anybody who has dedicated their life to music . 
  it 's just something you do , uncounsciously too at times . 
  some rock stars are terrible players , but still know how to write great songs - then you have dudes like frusciante , prince , jimi etc. 
  who i imagine just * lives with * their instuments . 
  my two euro cents . 
  well , he 's a good drummer . 
  do n't forget , he 's got another talent , well documented on video . 
  yes . 
  in my book , it 's more douchey to take a picture of this and shitting on a nerd online . 
  my dad totally boinked my mom . 
  op 's got game !, 
  they probably watched . 
  til charlie adam is english, 
  i 'm just going to have to politely decline your request . 
  why is this just not the standard practise around the globe ? 
  let me be the first to say : courtney love is an attention whore , her band sucks and she deserves about zip , nada , no , zilch respect . 
  she 's about as punk as kfc . 
  hang in there buddy , good job !,
