  i sleep in * woolen * socks from september to march . 
  it 's cold where i live . 
  i do n't wan na get sick . 
  surfs up dude !, 
  i 'm also vegan and i do crossfit . 
  did i mention i 'm an atheist ? 
  i 've been choked out enough times to know there are lots of other thing i 'd rather do . 
  if apologizing gets you off a ban , i should 've be allowed back in the bedroom by now . 
  cvystal palace , you mean . 
  islay whisky , son . 
  no , inverted gear bruh !, 
  a man amongst men . 
  hangry, 
  google him . 
  yes, 
  assholes in the mirror are closer than they appear . 
  he 's coming down from acid, 
  agreed , i have two of the panda gis meself . 
  i 'm more of a laphroaig lad myself , but i like all of the islay single malts . 
  you know what a * library * is ? 
  go check out the `` history '' section . 
  post ww1 onwards to 1945 . 
  late , bad timing . 
  straight red ? 
  gtfo, 
  you think that challenge compares to the man\u00e9 high kick ? 
  there 's a major difference between making a sliding tackle ( legal ) and having your leg straight 5 feet in the air ( illegal ) . 
  ever played football ? 
  would you say this if somebody did it to one of your friends ? 
  would you say that if you had any emotional investment in the person on the business end of the foul ? 
  you know , hypothetically . 
  are we able to do thought experiments on r/soccer ? 
  yes , i am . 
  because they are still humans , innit ? 
  when you see a reckless tackle injure players , regardless of team affiliation , it 's not `` just football '' . 
  stare longingly out of the rainy window and play `` careless whisper '' on my saxophone while my brave tears roll down my face . 
  i ` mma put him in my fpl team . 
  did it take 30 seconds ? 
  am i older ? 
  i 'm 41 . 
  do n't delude yourself . 
  by that i mean : you 're probably not * that * special . 
  keep working hard . 
  most stuff takes a lot of time to get good at . 
  and , get off my lawn . 
  damn straight, 
  yes, 
  just you wait . 
  mach 2 is right around the corner . 
  oh , i 've come to term with my existence in the most jungian sense . 
  i 'd chase you down if i could find my cane !, 
  discovery thought that was * boring * ? 
  that would put my universe in order right thurr . 
  he 's built plenty of instruments of * destruction * . 
  i know ... 
  remember your g-suits , kids !, 
  i ca n't hear you over this wicked whitesnake song i 'm blasting !, 
  well , here i go again !, 
  yes . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  sit on your ass and achieve nothing ? 
  you make your own meaning in life . 
  stop thinking about * pounds * , and start looking at measurements . 
  if you gain muscle mass , your weight wo n't go down , but you 'll `` lose weight '' anyhow . 
  gender is a term from social studies , it describes status , gender roles and social roles . 
  i doubt reddit is the right forum to discuss that subject . 
  if you 're talking * biological sexes * , there are two . 
  jeff bridges - the dude . 
  do n't worry about it , i have between 5-10 guitars at any time . 
  at the moment i have 6 ? 
  wait , 7 . 
  edit : forgot , i have 2 basses as well . 
  edit 2 : damnit , i forgot my cabin guitar . 
  i have 8 guitars !, 
  yeah i know that feeling . 
  i 've sold a lot of guitars over the years though , and i only really regret two of them . 
  wish i had n't sold those . 
  but , especially when you 're a working musician , sometimes you need the money ... 
  cuz sounds like a fucking moron . 
  why do n't y' all just get your dicks out and measure them ? 
  i 've worn the alpinestars joey shoe for two seasons now ( kinda looks like dorky chucks ) , and they 're comfortable enough to wear all day at work etc. 
  `` worth it . '', 
  - carlos, 
  but what about france itself ? 
  mr. cleese , what do you consider funny ? 
  they need to be put in their place . 
  everybody 's just so damn * special * , * unique * and * important * . 
  they 're fucken everywhere !, 
  this might seem like i 'm kidding , but i 'm not . 
  source ? 
  check out hans roslings ted talk on youtube, 
  a friend of mine just had his wife and two kids rammed into by a 16 year old texting instead of paying attention . 
  luckily they all survived . 
  i 'm speechless . 
  i have no speech . 
  i usually say `` no requests '' . 
  surely that 's a dagger ? 
  mine is `` house lannister '', 
  sweet lord , lucky bastard !, 
  what kind of explorer is that ?
