  the red lot ... 
  some kind of hen ? 
  did you watch the game last night , mate ? 
  shaky is not the word i would use . 
  ok , wba is not bayern munich , but still . 
  well , theres r/soccer . 
  and football365 for all kids of bollocks . 
  why this late in the window ? 
  funny thing is , he would still be in the 1st team for most lower half sides . 
  great but slow . 
  always good to better the standard of the league . 
  and if good players sign for non-rivals , it 's good for the league in general . 
  for united and chelsea , though , not so much . 
  if my sv got stolen , i * might 've * gone for a duc scrambler classic . 
  i will always love paul dickov . 
  fa cup 2004 . 
  spurs 3 - city 4 . 
  we came back from 3-0 . 
  amazing game . 
  did he actually get sent off for mouthing off ? 
  i hope karma catches up with that dirtbag . 
  i dunno if i love him or hate him . 
  you would ` ve loved germany in the mid thirties . 
  lots of people would have agreed with you all day . 
  have you never seen the huge gay pink unicorn ? 
  the ride across * every * rainbow !, 
  just look for them when it rains in the summer . 
  look up and gently sing `` ymca '' . 
  they will come . 
  by the way : fuck you , op . 
  a giant clusterfuck x 2, 
  interact face to face . 
  ann coulter vs. bill o'reilly, 
  why did i read that in sheldons voice ? 
  no sense of humor . 
  10 grand for an ear seems cheap , dude . 
  at least gim me 11 . 
  great , great photoshopping . 
  that was epic !, 
  no he played midfield, 
  that ovation when the chelsea medics came on . 
  top notch !, 
  he repeatedly gets past one of the best full backs in the world . 
  and he 's only going to get better . 
  top lad , looking forward to seeing him progress . 
  he runs like a 4 year old girl desperately looking for the bathroom though . 
  begovic was great , even aguero clapped for him when he made a great save in the first . 
  what the hell happened to john terry ? 
  mourinho did n't see that , wenger style . 
  jose and d. costa must be great at parties . 
  either that or call specsavers . 
  fight , fight , fight !, 
  you got ta give it to him , ten points for execution . 
  i thought they still owed some money on the whole negredo debacle ? 
  mourinho will leave chelsea . 
  third season as you all know ... 
  and we still have to pay aguero money for otamendi ? 
  is he really that good ? 
  i do n't watch la liga . 
  he can probably take off the passenger foot rests as well . 
  for fucks sake , for the cheik 10 mil is like a tenner . 
  but this is getting ridiculous . 
  whats next ? 
  we have to pay 75 mil for every player ? 
  to be honest i started supporting city in my youth because we were the manc working class side . 
  now , not so much . 
  i heard this in goldmembers voice . 
  isn ` t that weird ? 
  why do we need pedro ? 
  because we don ` t. 
  and silva & kun, 
  sound argument , but one can only hope one of them at least will get to that point . 
  kun seems especially athletic and will hopefully keep tearing up the league for years . 
  i actually prefer kolarov over clichy . 
  with 38 games in the premiership , cups and champions league - mangala will get games . 
  dont forget he can play left back as well . 
  i just figured out that mangala and otamendi played together at porto , as well as with fernando , so the link up may be positive for us in either case . 
  any of you people here know how much otamendi played with mangala at porto ? 
  were they * the * pair when they were there ? 
  anyway , great news !, 
  as many others have stated : get kdb now , and things are looking absolutely mental . 
  doubt he ` ll be happy with that . 
  i suspect he ` s on his way soon . 
  i ` m looking for a pinch of salt . 
  anybody have some salt ? 
  think about this : how cool will you look without your face ? 
  full . 
  tell him this joke :, 
  what did the drummer say just before he got fired ? 
  `` hey i wrote this song i want us to play '' . 
  your mom peaked this morning , op . 
  donald rumsfeld , super villain extraordinaire . 
  double standards are twice as good !, 
  study, 
  thats ambitious , but ok . 
  in the chelsea game he was keeping ivanovic busy and giving space to kolarov , who then proceeded to bomb in crosses to kun like 443 times . 
  that worked preety well . 
  it ` s a team game remember ? 
  the second to last motion before the assist is , well , important too , you see . 
  she doesn ` t have a name , but she ` s definately a girl .
