  umm . 
  what is a burpee ? 
  will do jump rope !, 
  i live in a non b-ball country . 
  as in : nobody plays it . 
  might just pick up football ( soccer ) again . 
  well , if we all remember our very recent history ... to even be * playing * in the champions league against sides like bayern seemed like a mere fantasy just five seasons ago . 
  i 'm not even going to mention being relegated to the * third tier * in ' 98 . 
  this is not the name you are looking for, 
  i already got a +5 gi from gandalf this summer . 
  i ca n't ask him for more stuff . 
  where in germany though ? 
  it 's a big country !, 
  i have a good friends who trains in munich at [ this place ] ( https://www.facebook.com/poundforpoundmunchen ), 
  i honestly thought milner was fantastic today , hard working , creates chances , a constant threat . 
  any intel on fernandinho ? 
  those `` that did n't look too bad '' injuries always mean trouble ... 
  soooo , you 're saying religious books are * contradictory ? * . 
  that 's just crazy talk . 
  imma go ahead and copy paste this . 
  i 'm a musician now , too . 
  stay in school kids . 
  have it have a different color led than `` red '' . 
  every stompbox ' lights are red . 
  when youre singing and playing guitar , i would love to have , say a green light , to identify where that specific pedal is at that precise moment . 
  tom waits . 
  he 's been in his prime for 40 years . 
  thanks !, 
  i think i 'm going to watch the class to stay current . 
  i hope i 'll be back on the mats asap !, 
  i will , thanks aussie_crawl, 
  doc says no . 
  i have to keep off the mats for at least two weeks . 
  ... i 'd like to take this opportunity to thank my training buddies , my coach , my mom and dad for fucking in 1975 and thus having me , the ibjjf , water , acai , renato laranja for being 27 times worlds best black beltch , fruits , vegetables and last but not least awful_bjj_tips for offering great moral support though hard times . 
  oss to the extreme !, 
  his leg was wrapped around my bottom leg and as he swept me , my leg got `` stuck '' and i fell on the mats putting all my body weight on this one spot where he had his heel dug in my calf . 
  one of those freak accident things . 
  a decent follw up to metallica 's `` metallica '' . 
  it 's been 24 goddamn years , james . 
  i 'm 38 , started in june and i * love it * !, 
  zoolander, 
  nobody said marilyn yet ? 
  you 're calling dio stupid ? 
  dio ? 
  i think you are too serious about reddit , op . 
  put him in your bag or some shit . 
  jace and the wheeled warriors . 
  best theme song ever . 
  we have two guys at our gym that came from other schools as no stripe blue belts . 
  one of them is pretty `` weak '' ( he was out of the game for a couple of years ) and is , i 'd say - not struggling , but gets submitted more often that one of our good 3 stripe whites . 
  the other guy is probably the best grappler in the gym apart from the instructor , and he probably at purple belt level ( at least ) . 
  both kept their blue belts on . 
  we are a gracie school . 
  your post makes me appreciate my friendly gym hangout even more . 
  i feel for you dude , your gym sounds like it 's jam packed full of douchecanoes . 
  i met this stupidly hot girl at a party , it was a huge warehouse thing , but she wore this bright orange floral dress so i kept looking over and * there she was again * , so naturally i * had * to talk to her . 
  anyway , we sort of made out drunkenly , but i did n't get her number . 
  i knew that my friend was in school with her , so in the off chance that he might have her number , i texted him the following morning hung over as hell `` bro , do you have xxx 's number ? '' . 
  after haggling with him for a while ( i guess he liked her a little too ) , i got it and texted her some stupid text , and she replied something like `` ok , lets get a drink later '' ( later she admitted she was too hung over to make up an excuse not to meet me ) . 
  so i meet her at this bar , and we talk effortlessly about weird little bands we 're both into , etc. 
  we proceed to a nearby park , then another bar and finally to her place where we polish off a bottle of rum listening to records . 
  later still , we are both on this chair , making out , and the chair breaks sending both our asses to the floor . 
  at the time , i was trying not to be a huge playboy , so i told her i 'd leave my number and she could call me the next day , but we are * not * having any kind of sex that night . 
  i left feeling i might have fucked it up , but the next morning ... lo and behold ... 
  i get a call saying she wants to meet me asap . 
  fast forward ten years , we are married and have two little girls . 
  that 's my boring story . 
  i trained tkd for years before i began doing bjj , and they have almost nothing in common . 
  this is clearly horseshit from someone who has no clue what they are talking about . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' ( long arms ) and manto makes some pretty long sleeved rashies . 
  i have two , and they are a good 2 inches longer on the arms compared to my valor and my `` generic '' brand one . 
  they extend all the way to my wrists . 
  manto is a great brand for bigger guys . 
  his real name is rhasaan orange , he 's an actor that does this renato laranja character . 
  it 's actually kinda funny if you do n't take it way too seriously , like most of youtube . 
  less than zero , by bret easton ellis . 
  cuss out their kids in public . 
  imagine what they do behind closed doors . 
  drink . 
  i have , and loved it . 
  similar style , but even more detached ... 
  i 've written a sociology paper on oldenburgs `` third place '' , and this was my first thought as well . 
  i 've also worked ( still do ) bars for years and years and * can confirm * that regulars become close friends/even lovers/almost family over time , as my facebook account will attest to , several people who have met through the bar scene do form lasting relationships . 
  after closing , i walk home , shower and go to bed . 
  sleep rules . 
  op : a piece of friendly advice : take reddit less seriously . 
  order them a giant elaborate cake , get it delivered to their workplace ( along with flowers ) and have it say `` it 's over . 
  in the frosting . 
  water supplies and living space . 
  seems most people take the environment for granted , burn fossil fuels , do n't recycle etc. 
  we have all the warning signs and growing evidence that the environment is changing , but very few seem to care . 
  when basic commodities like shelter , water and food become scarce , some real troubling shit will go down . 
  when ? 
  the earth will probably inhabit 10,5 billion people in 2100 , give or take 20 years . 
  basically our grandchildren , which is something to think about . 
  they are * huge * though . 
  buy a size down everybody !, 
  although i 've only been rolling for 5 months , i 've caught the bug and i have 4 gis . 
  i got a manto x and loved it so much , i got a second one . 
  they feel much more expensive than their actual price .
