  very cool indeed !, 
  do you honestly think all `` leftists '' are like the points you list ? 
  sad !, 
  john obi mikel is actually 67 . 
  when i played , our goalie was 6 ' 2 '' and had pretty decent stubble at age 13 . 
  he brought his passport to matches , so the ref could confirm his age . 
  he was 6 ' 6 '' at 16 . 
  well , this is darwinism in practice . 
  i have that in my closet somewhere . 
  the one with eidos on the front , right ? 
  love it , just reminded me of ali b , dunnie , goater , alfie , wanchope , kevin horlock . 
  good times . 
  now he sits in heaven by his father andre the giants right hand . 
  more than words , is all i ever needed you to ghg ghg hghghgg, 
  - extreme ( from the nineties , ghg ), 
  does that mean toilet paper is my external hard drive ? 
  is jesus on the wing ? 
  i 'm with you on the scooter boys . 
  in my town , the big bikes usually drive predictably and sensibly 99 % of the time , but scooters ? 
  motherfuckers are swerving between buses and trucks in heavy traffic , riding in bike lanes , getting in front of heavy powerful bikes at lights etc etc. 
  x-wing pilot, 
  changed my life . 
  rest in peace , kurt . 
  did people know who they were before this album ? 
  - in the us , some people did . 
  i believe they sold 80.000 of their debut bleach . 
  i was in europe , and my first introduction to them was the teen spirit video . 
  blew my mind . 
  how quickly did this album make grunge popular ? 
  - instantly . 
  did you feel like you were watching music history unfold before your eyes or did it take awhile to sink in ? 
  - at the time i did n't realize it , but i was 15 when it blew up . 
  a couple years later , you could definitely see that the whole industry had changed , the way journos wrote about music had changed , and of course there were many , many , new bands . 
  seems like every little town had a band or five . 
  the scene was amazing , and it was a great time to play music . 
  y' all need to remembz the * most important * band of that decade , the innovators and frontrunners puddle of mudd . 
  they were not really * well known * in europe , but people who were following that specific scene ( the seattle scene ) probably knew them . 
  especially in england . 
  i 'd heard of seattle bands before nirvana like mudhoney and tad , but nirvana were kind of under the radar . 
  maybe not in the uk , but in mainland europe they blew up with nevermind . 
  that was 15 years later , mate . 
  right on, 
  i 'm old . 
  have you guys seen the norwegian film * the troll hunter * ? 
  it 's fun . 
  or the indulgent crap-fest that is the band * live * . 
  is this * the league of experts * ? 
  they all fucken have extremely high scores . 
  shit , makes me just wan na wildcard and copy the guys team ... 
  dumb question : what is the free hit ? 
  damn straight . 
  makes me all stabby . 
  read into it what you will , young padawan . 
  perfect for those double gws then , when is that again ? 
  facing my demons . 
  both tiiiiiny, 
  got ta say , 2017 has been pretty close to the movie idiocracy so far . 
  and 2019 ? 
  til i look like derossi, 
  or ... * the road * ? 
  asking all the right questions . 
  sounds like a blockbuster !, 
  let me answer that with a question . 
  what do * you * think ? 
  i 'm a white guy with college degree from scandinavia . 
  double down . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , and around 240lbs . 
  i 'm also relatively new to bjj , and i 'm wondering how my fellow big guys developed their game . 
  bigger guys tend to get flak for using strength etc. . . not technique . 
  what i want to understand is how i can methodically work my game to utilize my size in the best manner . 
  thanks !, 
  i think it 's a great design , but nobody i know knows what the meaning behind it is . 
  usually a trad . 
  tattoo has some kind of story behind the image ... thnx, 
  i just got a mkm a4 , i 'm right between a3 and a4 , and chanced on getting the a4 . 
  pants fit great , but i need to shrink the top somewhat . 
  hopefully an inch all over . 
  ( i 'm 6 ' 3 '' , 240 btw ), 
  i saw some old threads here on this topic and wondered if anybody had any luck shrinking these ? 
  what did you do in that case ? 
  thanks !, 
  edit : size info . 
  trying this again . 
  thinking about changing careers . 
  any input greatly appreciated . 
  i 'm looking for a flexibility and a little creativity at work . 
  what 's the upsides and downsides to cooking for a living ? 
  i 'm using ( a lot of ) tiger balm right now . 
  have any of you guys got any tips for other stuff that might help an old man out ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not putting a serious tag on this on purpose . 
  hi all , i 've been thinking about dropping alcohol altogether for a period of time ( a year , maybe more ) to see what impact it has on my training . 
  i drink normally for a 38 year old man , but i think my body is trying to give me hints that i should quit or ease back on drinking . 
  the punishment from * both * bjj and the weekly bar round ( s ) is just too much strain on this old bag of bones . 
  have any of you had experience with quitting drinking to improve training ? 
  what results may i experience ? 
  thanks , guys !, 
  edit : thanks for all your feedback , guys !, 
  white in a4 , too big for me . 
  bought from grapplestore.com in june .
