  train every day , then hang out at the beach . 
  grab a few beers in the sun . 
  repeat . 
  sounds like heaven to me . 
  like / u/socialistnerd stated i would also like to point out that socialism is a form of economic structure rather than philosophy . 
  i recommend you first read thomas pikettys * capital in the twenty-first century * , to get a firm grasp on what capitalism is currently doing to democracy , the rate of inequality and what needs to be done to reform economies in the western world so we do not return to the pre industrial oligarchy and * inherited * wealth . 
  that is bad for everyone . 
  you can also pick up works by antonio gramsci , who wrote about the concept of cultural hegemony , which says that a successful revolution must change a society 's dominant ideas as well as its political structure . 
  getting pierre bourdieu on your syllabus does n't hurt either . 
  i would also strongly reccomend you to stop name dropping ayn rand to anybody that 's read more than one semesters worth of social studies . 
  i do bjj too , you mentioned it changing your life . 
  to a certain degree jiu jitsu has forced me to face a lot of personal issues as well . 
  apart from the obvious physical aspect , what does it do for you ? 
  yes . 
  in my opinion it weeds out the bullshit from your life , aswell as the bullshitters . 
  you ca n't evolve in bjj without letting go of ego . 
  and when that happpens , you confront a lot of things about yourself . 
  you find your boundaries , so to speak . 
  i avenge my fallen brothers, 
  roger is my hero . 
  same answer , only exchange `` steam '' with `` itunes '' . 
  i would wear spagetti, 
  prepare to move my family to another country . 
  new country : warm , palms and beaches all year round . 
  cheers . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and reasonably good looking , a musician and most importantly : i have self confindence . 
  feel free to ask questions . 
  either pink or * rainbow color *, 
  use plastic spatulas . 
  also : use lower heat to cook . 
  i distrust the whole shellfish family of foods , so no dice . 
  i 'll give you a magical tuna recipe , * if * you tell me who the greatest drummer in the world is . 
  barkeep ? 
  right nationality there buddy , but no cigar . 
  i 'm married , but thanks for asking !, 
  you , sir , are correct !, 
  anything between four and sixty eight million at any given time . 
  i prefer jessica chastain . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say : you 've probably only encountered girly-men up until now , but * one day * a guy with confidence , intelligence and 20/20 vision will put those things together and say `` let 's go steady , hot lips '' . 
  god damn it . 
  go work on your guard , man . 
  of course . 
  the trouble is that we a few and far between . 
  ah , sorry , i was asleep . 
  cut an inch of leek in reallly small strips , open two cans of tuna ( in oil ) - pour off the oil , but keep a little . 
  mix the leek and tuna . 
  chop the same amount of onion as leek . 
  then get a fresh red chili , and gut it . 
  chop it up , even finer than the leek . 
  crank as much mayo as you like in there . 
  do n't over-do it , though . 
  it 's supposed to be a tuna sandwich , after all . 
  sprinkle the whole thing with the small chili and onion chunks . 
  put on sandwich , or eat as is . 
  time to get rush-ified . 
  i 'm not a boy , but a man . 
  curves is the right answer . 
  plus , eto'o 's dad will be offered a job as coach . 
  you should stop before you kill someone . 
  you 're read quite a lot into my comment . 
  great reply . 
  however , you might want to moderate responses like these to people of choleric temperament in real life , as it might lead you into exchanges you might not enjoy . 
  rasputin had a pretty sick beard ( and personality ), 
  scaringly relevant on reddit today, 
  improper use of the word `` ironic '', 
  zack : we need a picture with a banana for scale . 
  happy gilmore, 
  me too . 
  if you see a gentleman with cauliflower ears , a word to the wise . 
  he can kick your ass . 
  twice . 
  i also do bjj . 
  my instructor , a 5 ' 7 '' brazilian black belt , does not have cauli . 
  but , still . 
  he would dance on my corpse in a second if he wanted . 
  is was meant more as a general observation . 
  90 % of the time , you got your cauliflowered ears because you either know bjj , do mma or you 're a wrestler/grappler of sorts . 
  correlation , not causation . 
  as a sidenote : if you * force * cauli to your ears , i do n't know what to even say . 
  most people i train with try their very hardest to avoid it , and drain it if they do get it . 
  some do n't care , and a very , very small number take pride in them . 
  but at my gym , that `` stay alpha , oss ! '', 
  stuff is generally frowned upon . 
  i think i saw this in cosmo , not that i read cosmo . 
  i 'm a man after all . 
  it was lying in the waiting room ... at the ... doctors ? 
  those vistalites ... i 'll be right back , got ta change . 
  i know , haha . 
  i have you tagged as `` tagged me as reader of cosmo '' . 
  advanced teabagging , that . 
  he needs to get `` the sagna '' right away . 
  alternately `` the gervinho '' . 
  great , great hair . 
  give it time . 
  in a month or two , you 'll be the * second worst * at the gym , like me !, 
  i 'm 38 too . 
  i think it 's better for you to keep training than the alternative . 
  i 'd rather be injured once in a while ( i currently am ) than be one of those 40 year old pensioners that ca n't run fifty yards without calling an ambulance afterwards . 
  get a foam roller and do yoga . 
  yoga is a great supplement for bjj .
