  thanks , that was a very comprehensive answer . 
  i might just get one . 
  saw a tutorial on youtube and it looks very versatile . 
  i 'm loving the on/off switch pedal on the side , plus the led light . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've finished the song only realizing the goddamn wah has been engaged the entire time , making my guitar effectively sound like a bee . 
  the guy is a goddamn guitar god . 
  you would think , but i do n't . 
  they take turns annoying me . 
  but at the end of the day i would give my life for them in a heartbeat . 
  they look very good indeed . 
  they have great squad depth as well , and that 's not good for the rest of us . 
  19 whoop , whoop . 
  depends if you like the question , `` have you swallowed anything you want to inform us about '' in customs . 
  stay away from the shit talkers at work , my two cents . 
  i 'd rather keep to myself , maintain my integrity and be respected for that rather than having to re-live fucking high school the rest of my life . 
  we have a `` group '' at work too , but they half include me by default and i never participate , i just throw comments back at them to show i 'm no pushover . 
  they seem to enjoy the banter . 
  it 's good fun , but them minute they talk shit , i just leave . 
  i 'm hoping they see a pattern . 
  that answer will get you detained and probed for an enema, 
  nah , we just put it as a touring expense . 
  luckily my band makes a little cash , so we all get new gear from band money . 
  most of the time , not always . 
  indeed . 
  bruce is literally the metal freddie mercury . 
  i think of them as humans . 
  of all the realistic pl proven cbs we can get , van dijk is my favorite . 
  rat, 
  more importantly , will we ever see charlie adam fulfill his true potential as the scottish messi ? 
  silly season : winter edition, 
  bit rich coming from a pikey . 
  i figured i did n't need the / s, 
  might be unpopular , but george clooney seems to be putting all his ocean6524 money into films like syriana and michael clayton , both of which i enjoyed very much . 
  any of you krunk playboys feelin blessed ? 
  rad , give eric my love . 
  martial arts lessons, 
  those seats must be well comfy, 
  his girlfriend and wife probably met . 
  my bank account . 
  willing to respect or accept behaviour or opinions different from one 's own . 
  now fuck off . 
  they way you generalize 90 million people might be a hint . 
  wenger only signs players on deadline day , you all know that . 
  humor is hard . 
  he 's read a little knut hamsun then . 
  why are you going to the airport ? 
  flying somewhere ? 
  oh , did n't they learn anything from the euros ? 
  money will destroy football if it has n't already . 
  i wondered how long that would take . 
  well i remember when we had carlo nash in goal and shaun goater was our star player , does the fact that my club of 20 + years was bought by big money capital , of which i had no control what so ever , automatically negate having any personal opinion ? 
  in that case , not many on this forum could really say anything . 
  yeah , the glazers never spent a penny at united mate, 
  a creamery wide range humbucker for my jazzmaster, 
  same here . 
  where in denmark is this , might i ask ? 
  and now it 's a feckin theme park, 
  the ultimate alone time . 
  nobody can bother me when i 'm on my bike . 
  ignore her . 
  works like a charm . 
  i could just as easily fall down the stairs at home , you ca n't live your life like that . 
  dumb and dumbering . 
  it 's the title of dumb and dumber 3 . 
  til stephen ireland still plays . 
  most kids also have big problems placing germany on a map . 
  you forgot to copy/paste the next part of the sentence . 
  i already know i suck at jiu jitsu , i just do n't want fucking staph trying to pass a filthy pigs guard . 
  and here i went thinking we were building character at purple . 
  i 'm staying white as long as i can . 
  i do n't care if it 's preachy or repetitive . 
  it 's a health hazard , and idiots are putting people at risk . 
  well posting factual evidence sure brings the trolls out . 
  what 's going on with barkley ? 
  he 's got yaya movement and dedication out there , and i do n't mean that as a compliment . 
  mbokani still has the best skull in football . 
  just look at it . 
  motorcycles onboard filtering videos . 
  etc, 
  i have news for you dude , most people are mediocre . 
  mediocrity is the norm . 
  fact . 
  a brick to hit myself with, 
  is he quoting an oasis song ? 
  luckily that is subjective . 
  passive aggressiveness, 
  did tool put out a new record yet ? 
  these are not `` obscure '' per se , but camel . 
  gentle giant . 
  leaf hound . 
  flower travelin band . 
  captain beyond . 
  well , he used to run the midfield at soton , a comparable team to wba in terms of ambition and size , so i 'd say it 's a match made in heaven . 
  quite different playing styles at man u and wba though , but he 's big and would go straight into the first xi . 
  good move . 
  looks like he 's got a good eye for midfielders , but defenders not so much . 
  or strikers . 
  or keepers . 
  thanks for taking a tiny point of my post and making that the main bit . 
  read the rest , yeah ?
