  it 's a great way to keep in touch with my foreign friends . 
  it ' s way easier to comment on dave 's hilarious post , than pick up the phone and call denver from where i live . 
  cheaper too . 
  he did though , he 's a fucking murderer, 
  my brazilian prof yesterday . 
  `` we ca n't win , we lost neymar , we 're gon na lose 10-0 or something '' . 
  not * too * far off . 
  bill , because dudes do n't hit chicks . 
  captain , leader , legend . 
  one of my ex ` es schooled me for two years straight almost every day ( some days multiple times a day ) . 
  she was confident , knew how to come herself , knew what made me tic , did all the nasty stuff * and * was hot . 
  9/10 hot . 
  too bad we were incompatible in * normal life * . 
  do n't bro me if you do n't know me ( - aristotle ) . 
  zaba is pure gold . 
  this record rules . 
  way ahead of it 's time . 
  how many pieces of flair do you have on that belt ? 
  i also have a beautiful family . 
  and i wash the car and carry groceries . 
  * the alchemist * . 
  why : the moral of the story is * do something * that 's all . 
  it 's more self-help than literature . 
  i love my girl . 
  i do n't call her my wife . 
  she 's my girl . 
  she gave me two daughters . 
  she supports my dreams , and asks for nothing back - and for that she has my loyalty , my love and my heart . 
  chuck norris . 
  nice , how are you liking that dd20 ? 
  hey everybody , do n't call a grown man '' * cute * '', 
  thats a es 125 , in good shape it 's worth $ 1500 . 
  a blow job trumps almost any disappointment . 
  miley cyrus, 
  cargo shorts and goatees . 
  same here , i do n't stop sweating until 45 minutes after class . 
  i just sit on a grocery bag and drive home , no point in showering at the gym and getting my second set of clothes sweaty . 
  perrty gross , but what are you gon na do . 
  i sweat like a mofo too , but most of the guys in class do . 
  this ai n't poker , guy !, 
  i swear . 
  goatees are as american as they come . 
  especially the * patch * ( that is : beard on chin , nowhere else ) . 
  you do n't see those in europe . 
  try to find an 80 's mij squier strat . 
  they are great guitars . 
  well , if we can not have innocent bystanders and civilians killed , that 'd be great . 
  i have all the room i need for stuff in my jorts , thanks very much . 
  i say screw the goatee , rock the magnum p.i. 
  throw in a hawaiian shirt while youre at it . 
  hey chris , how fun is bill murray to work with ? 
  never play with undedicated people . 
  yes , have * the talk * early . 
  find out where the ambitions lie , and act accordingly . 
  if you find that the other guys do n't match your ambitions , leave the band . 
  it sounds harsh , but take it from an old man ( 38 ) who has played in bands since age 13 , get in a band with people who are on the same page . 
  i 've been `` nice '' too many times and stayed in bands going nowhere , it 's only a waste of your time if you want to tour and see the world . 
  work hard , with people who work as hard as you . 
  be in the best band possible according to your ambition . 
  the berlin wall go down . 
  because i went slighty insane . 
  or just very paranoid . 
  either way , * not cool * . 
  it 's illegal to suck in my country . 
  i would say the sonics or possibly mc5 . 
  how far are you from the beach ? 
  i find the beach to be a great place to relax after a day of relating to assholes . 
  baptizing your kids . 
  well ... 
  i ca n't even . 
  i look like josh homme . 
  a pink unicorn . 
  put the kettle on . 
  your name is ska_sean and you hate nirvana . 
  willow and jaden smith . 
  no contest . 
  refused - shape of punk to come . 
  i do n't really care if a fork scratches the plate . 
  it 's just a sound to me . 
  same with fingernails on the chalkboard . 
  run , forrest !, 
  does this mean rekik will be in the first team this year ? 
  til : surnames in turkey are metal as fuck !, 
  you have to add the cost of chemo , though . 
  bonneville all the way !, 
  why ca n't you decide where you want to eat ? 
  too many choices ? 
  you like all dishes known to man ? 
  you ca n't tell the difference ? 
  tell me !!!!!!, 
  quite the funny man we got here . 
  this is pure gold . 
  i 'd like a job that 's not depressing . 
  pro tip : find old music . 
  it has no copyright , because the music is only protected until 70 years after the death of the author . 
  i 'd buy a triumph bonneville . 
  then ride it . 
  a big red flag for me is someone who spends more time fidgeting with their phone than interacting with the real world . 
  aka [ * the waiter rule * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waiter_rule ), 
  no , i 'm typing from a commodore 64 with a dial-up,
