  that 's a big * nope * for me , dude . 
  the boys look chuffed, 
  if you could get john danaher and sam harris in the same room , i would pay to hear that discussion . 
  it does n't get eddie vedder than this, 
  edit : this is not the greatest comment in the world , no . 
  this is just a tribute . 
  where does davy klaassen play ? 
  how many playmakers do everton need ? 
  ah , the ol' switcharoo, 
  read * the god delusion * by richard dawkins . 
  it helped me see the utter banality of religions and it 's supposed influence on any life . 
  stuart taylor : warming benches since 1997 . 
  helluva gig if you can get it . 
  he was with us for 4 seasons . 
  did n't make a single first team appearance here either . 
  what is lordzola ? 
  sounds like it goes well with pasta , tbh . 
  well , that comment was a little * al dente *, 
  why the actual frig would one wish to date a porn star ? 
  to make benefit glorious childrens of kazachstan !, 
  choked out twice . 
  one was not too long ago either . 
  my arms were trapped , and my verbal `` tap '' drowned out in all the noise of class . 
  at least thats what i think happened . 
  they wo n't get punished . 
  look at his track record , he 's been fucking people over for 40 years . 
  never spent a day in jail . 
  surely you ca n't imply that * title rivals * ( cue dramatic horns ) can exchange pleasantries ? 
  that would be unheard of in real life . 
  you stole your mothers bike ? 
  shame on you !, 
  fact, 
  i 'll give you an example : smoking causes cancer . 
  people still smoke . 
  what , given you the amount of money you wanted ? 
  in 2011 , we paid 38 mil for sergio aguero . 
  i must say , i did n't think we 'd get walker . 
  your manager ( or levy ) must have a diabolical back up plan no ones heard about , like bringing back cafu from his prime in a time machine or something . 
  dont need him now , do we ? 
  ... somehow i doubt arsenal would sell a player to spurs . 
  mais boa, 
  my wife organized an elaborate surprise party for me for my 30th birthday . 
  there were some thirty odd people crammed inside our then small apartment when i got home from work . 
  i did n't suspect a thing . 
  a legendary party . 
  that crucifix/deer combo just screams class . 
  i do . 
  i pay my bills with it . 
  yes , because it was * me * , i , myself being a city supporter that drew those prices up . 
  only me . 
  when i started supporting city we had fuck all , mate . 
  i think these prices are insane , and it 's making football less enjoyable for everyone , regardless of what team you support . 
  as if arsenal never spent a penny on players . 
  file under : who the fuck cares ? 
  itt : reddit users think they know better than the city scouts . 
  nolito : one of the best pointer/shouters in the game . 
  best band ever . 
  she 's probably the wrong person to ask organize such an event . 
  everyone would have a ba in sociology , i think that would benefit our decision making . 
  i hear ya . 
  my girls are 3 and 6 and * pheeew * , are they active . 
  tearing down the house every day . 
  how much do you want for the bottom one . 
  european here : i can spot an american a mile away by the way you lot dress alone . 
  then the size of our portions will utterly destroy your soul . 
  you 're talking about paris though . 
  that actually a proper insult, 
  cheers . 
  it 's all about the pants , mate . 
  cared enough to comment , though . 
  at man u , you surely mean . 
  edit : i forgot r/soccer is essentially r/reddevils, 
  double edit : rags !, 
  this might be very * niche * , but i do bjj . 
  seeing new white belts in shoyoroll gear ... 
  how do you think humanity survived * before * it invented religion ? 
  listen to this person . 
  well , it 's * boutique/hyped * gi brand . 
  ridiculously overpriced `` bling '' gi , that even a higher level guy would look a little silly wearing . 
  probably a pool with a water slide . 
  fucking great , you dick !, 
  ... and counting !, 
  who cares about imaginary internet points , kiddo . 
  you 're not supposed to say reasonable things on r/soccer if you have the `` wrong '' flair . 
  they were . 
  i guess american 16 year olds dont understand english football banter . 
  easy for a bradford supporter , that . 
  [ nope ] ( http://exporthelp.europa.eu/thdapp/display.htm?page=rt/rt_coffee.html&amp;doctype=main&amp;languageid=en ), 
  this is very tiresome . 
  i know my mensa test score . 
  so , there 's that . 
  history, 
  marginally more than i hate reddit . 
  social media in general is getting quite tiresome , in fact . 
  do you mean as political philosophy or the liberal economic theory ? 
  good oil, 
  the virginmobile, 
  the new york taxes, 
  saw this joke earlier today , so i guess that key works just fine . 
  same people who applaud at the end of charter flights .
