  i 've enjoyed every single thing i 've ever read by him . 
  do n't be distracted by the color and the shape of hank , take the essence of it - which is do n't chicken out in life . 
  and hodor . 
  dude , wheres my car ? 
  noooooooo , this will be our `` pogba fuck up '' ... 
  `` dude , that was * sick * '' , `` dude , * sick * skateboard !, 
  '' , `` dude , that was the * sickest * shit , like , ever '' . 
  stop saying sick . 
  so , i had to get circumsised as a grown man . 
  well , there are stitches involved , and it takes a while for your dick to heal , so ... i could n't really touch it for a month . 
  thing was , i got do horny by the end , all my girl had to to was basically just brush past me and i would get hard . 
  i hurt so bad . 
  when i finally was able to ever so gently stroke it until climax , the jizz thundered outta there like a mig29 out of the clouds . 
  worst 33 days of my life . 
  when the blood levels drop , watch it . 
  just watch it . 
   jayce and the wheeled warriors, 
  the instant i read it , i heard the theme song . 
  that show is probably why you guys just won the world cup . 
  vichy france is not france . 
  we forgot to drop by the deli this week , so now i ca n't have * eco * bacon for breakfast . 
  i have to have * normal bacon * . 
  half of all women apparently would rather give up sex than their [ phones ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2521626/half-women-sex-smart-phone.html ), 
  well , a lot of people cheat on their so . 
  that is rather selfish . 
  do you have a job ? 
  if yes , then the answer is your yearly income . 
  education . 
  religion disappears with knowledge . 
  because i plan to make the most out of * life * , and not worry about death over which i have no control . 
  why did n't frodo and gandalf just get on the huge flying eagles in lotr and drop the ring in the volcano straight away ? 
  fernando torres , watch out !, 
  lefty les paul guy is feeling it !, 
  so are you guys like pedro 's cousins with all the sweet hookups ? 
  let 's at least not strengthen a rival . 
  this might be more of a * fetish * , but : female cops . 
  colin farrell . 
  a future like the one in star trek ... we will kill each other long before that . 
  i blame religion and slow wifi . 
  gwyneth paltrow, 
  all along the watch tower - jimi hendrix, 
  it 's called `` git gone '' and it takes your hangover away completely . 
  bill on true blood . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  i 've been thinking about giving myself a 3 month sober challenge actually . 
  been thinking sept 24th - dec 24th ... 
  please elaborate on the benefits you are experiencing in regard to creativity and other things . 
  thanks again . 
  3 months from that date 'till xmas , that 's all, 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  i actually quit smoking with alan carr 's book , i 'll look into that one, 
  edit : i just bought it online ... 
  congrats on the zebra stripes !, 
  i 've learnt the most on open mats , the blues and purples are way more receptive to dumb white belt questions in the chilled environment of the open mat . 
  he 's not . 
  all the world cup players are unavailable, 
  sure , i see that . 
  you 're right . 
  music was always number one until i had kids . 
  then i started thinking about all the things i had done to my body and all the sacrifices i had made just to be able to play . 
  my family is my main priority now , and ever since i met my wife almost ten years ago , i \u00b4 ve been trying to unfuck all the things i fucked up ... that is to finish school , to get sober and basically become an adult . 
  edit : and , yes the whole `` sex , drugs , rock 'n' roll '' cliche is such a myth also . 
  i 've never played music for those things , it was always music first . 
  what people do n't realise is , touring is hard work . 
  if you get fucked up every night , you ca n't play well . . and that defeats the purpose of the tour in the first place . 
  her backs got ta hurt . 
  i 've been watching it too long, 
  go for the questlove and the zildjians !, 
  yeah , it 's hard to discuss with someone who does not understand the basic premise of an discussion . 
  i 've had this very conversation with my extended family umpteen times , and it * always * ends with someone arguing `` you * ca n't ever * understand , because you do n't have faith '' . 
  i see more indie films in her future . 
  scholes is the united player i 've always liked , despite our two clubs ' rivalry . 
  absolute legend and great , great player . 
  they 're saying * psycho *, 
  come on city !, 
  just like football is the most culturally diverse and universal * subject * for a conversaton with almost anyone , i 've found . 
  was well ridiculous that, 
  was that around when you guys finished 7th ? 
  no sense of humor . 
  still bummed . 
  brain farts, 
  paging missing serious tag, 
  shoes, 
  knowing this question will be asked on askreddit every day ... 
  `` if a good man comes to me , and says thank you david , for the opportunity and continued support in the work-related arena , but i 've done that , i wan na better myself , i wan na move on , then i can make that dream come true , to , aka , for you . '', 
  satan is awesome . 
  case closed . 
  cheeky !, 
  no god is a god, 
  scandinavian accents are awesome !, 
  god in bruce almighty, 
  that is a very bad photoshop job . 
  well , that was unfortunate, 
  my wife had our second without any pain killers because she is a bad ass . 
  but seriously , there was no time . 
  i 've worked in a mental heath facility , so if you have any questions - fire away . 
  i 've heard pizza comes form somewhere else , country shaped like a boot , they ran the world for a thousand years , ummm ... oh , italy, 
  keeping in mind everything in the us is taken from somewhere else , my answer is mcfeast , extra fries , chocolate shake . 
  i was actually shaking with hapiness when he fucking choked, 
  samantha fox .
