  wheres goater when you need him . 
  i 'd honestly feel better with steve howey back there instead of mangala . 
  clearly it should be illegal . 
  this will make you invisible on the mats !, 
  i have an a4 manto x in white . 
  too big for me . 
  i 'll trade for an a3 ( l ) in any decent brand . 
  i 'm in nothern europe . 
  pm if interested . 
  gibson, 
  they missed out on nothing , my friend . 
  i wish i could drink whisky and discuss evolution with my father . 
  he does n't like evolution either . 
  i use the sisu 1.6 . 
  i really like it , it does n't bother me at all , and in fact i forget that im even wearing it half the time . 
  you can talk , drink and breathe without restriction . 
  what are the main differences ? 
  will check , thanks for the tip !, 
  it seems like the '04 guy is a real gearhead . 
  all the mods look pretty solid , but then again - i do n't really know what i 'm looking for , or what a `` good mod '' is . 
  my good old uncle is a mechanic and has ridden bikes since the 1960s , i will bring him along to have a look . 
  no pictures , i 'm afraid . 
  it looks really good , no scratches of anything . 
  the mods are slip on yoshimura exhaust , new clutch/brake levers , lower fairing , ego seat , sv1000 front brake callippers/disc , led turning lights , 2 small headlights instead of the big original etc , etc. . . 
  yaya ate too much cake before the match , could n't be arsed to run . 
  looked like some of the other lads had some cake too . 
  it 's weird how seeing a fucking yogurt can stick a song in your head . 
  i want to slap you , op . 
  turn away and slam the door . 
  i do n't care what they 're going to say . 
  let the storm rage on . 
  the cold never bothered me anyway ... 
  that was heartwarming , lads . 
  my bass player is hilarious . 
  he always plays `` break like the wind '' by spinal tap in the soundcheck . 
  either that or the seinfeld theme . 
  anything by james hetfield between 1983 and 1990 . 
  buchecha is a tank though , he must be 240-250 . 
  leary might have stolen louis ' * joke * , but he stole bill hicks ' whole * act * !, 
  where can i get that shirt ? 
  in addition i 'd like to add : keep it simple . 
  give the artist one idea , maybe two . 
  bigger designs are better in the long run . 
  you do n't wan na pack in 10 different things in a half sleeve , not enough space unless you 're the hulk . 
  my wife has a couple of those too , and they get a lot of unwanted attention from me . 
  surely you jest . 
  `` my vote does n't change anything '' . 
  many things , many many things . 
  increasing spending power , everybody wins . 
  except the ceos of mcd 's . 
  so everybody wins . 
  i pay a female little person to bite them off , one by one . 
  the us is too diverse to sum up in three sentences , and still you all manage to get along pretty well . 
  thats quite a feat . 
  but you sure have some of the dumbest fuckers too . 
  my 4 year old went with me to open mat a couple times ( we did n't have a babysitter ) , and she talks about it constantly . 
  sadly , we do n't have a kids class . 
  but eventually we will , a lot of the guys at my academy have kids . 
  trust me , in hour 19 , you wont get a word in for all the screaming . 
  nipples . 
  big no , no . 
  i 'm male . 
  he was in ronin , good will hunting , pirates of the carribean and avengers too . 
  the guy is pretty well known . 
  his son is also in that true blood show . 
  look , you will get hurt somehow . 
  most likely in your own home , in the most random way . 
  you ca n't walk around worrying about things like this . 
  accidents will happen , and yes injuries happen in jiu jitsu as well . 
  but you ca n't let fear hinder challenging yourself and doing things in life . 
  fdr has a good quote about this `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' . 
  crickets, 
  he would make the scariest punisher ever . 
  any discussion about politics with somebody who clearly never opened a book in their life . 
  * oh , so you think democracy is overrated ? 
  i 'm not real fond of religion . 
  it seems to irk some people . 
  i 've had it on my shelf for years , but that page number is daunting . 
  i 'll pick it up now . 
  falling man by don delillo was a fantastic read . 
  i 've been doing martial arts for about 7 years ( taekwondo before , jiu jitsu now ) . 
  good call . 
  past me did n't finish college , so i 'd tell that lazy twat to hit the books . 
  child abuse . 
  this was actully pretty , well , strange . 
  we traveled to koh chang - thailand , which is an 11 hour flight to bangkok , then about 5 hours by bus to the actual island . 
  we get to the resort , get installed in our bungalow , then hit the sack because we 're knackered . 
  wake up the next morning , and who 's in the bungalow * next * to us ? 
  our fucking neighbours from back home . 
  they 're good folk and all , but we had no idea they were going , and neither did they . 
  ended up having a pretty good story to tell though . 
  there was a keeper called steve death, 
  tailgating, 
  4 piece kit , hats , one ride , one crash . 
  i have a feeling that he intended to make some big changes , but due to the very nature of the political landscape he has to navigate though , he had to compromise and ended up an `` ok '' president . 
  nothing much has changed . 
  what 's your password ? 
  outside of reddit , you must remember that these trpers are most likely nothing more than your average conspiracy therorist dweeb . 
  internet warriors usually only do their `` fighting '' online . 
  comic book guy from the simpsons springs to mind .
