  because them bones did n't fit on the ark , silly !, 
  what is it ? 
  i ca n't figure it out ? 
  welding mask ? 
  goddamn it , i ride a motorcycle . 
  the amount of times i 've nearly been downed by a nineteen year old lame duckface swervedriving dads car while snapchatting makes me rage . 
  i have kevlar gloves , and if i had the skill i would ninja smash your mirror if i could get close enoght at speed . 
  living life through social media instead of , you know , real life . 
  that 's paul merson level insight there , mate . 
  tempting, 
  a cake made with respect, 
  that 's quite the statement, 
  now remember from history class , `` where did the viking go ? '' . 
  they sure did a lot of fucking while they were there ... 
  rude !, 
  reformation and education . 
  it 's not that long ago other religions were doing the same thing . 
  take catholicism and the inquisition , witch hunts etc. 
  then came luther and the reformation , and a slow change was made to happen - leaving room for rationalism and discussion . 
  thing is , at the moment islam is definately hurting people . 
  even killing them . 
  what a fucking disgraceful world we live in . 
  14 pedals is `` less '' ? 
  i have two daughters . 
  i 'm the one that puts them to bed ( in 10 minutes , takes my wife 30-40 minutes ) . 
  i think it 's down to the fact that i wo n't sway like my wife does , i stick to the plan whereas ( generalizing here ) women get swept up by their emotion and start negotiating with them . 
  i 'm aware you have a two month old , but heed my words - it will only get worse - stick to the plan when you put themto bed , and it 's much easier . 
  it might be what you 're doing unconsciously already , and your wife is not . 
  well , that 's my experience anyway . 
  lots of my buddies say the same things in regards to bedtime/nighttime maneuvers . 
  your . 
  a life changing change of focus from * me * to * them * . 
  here ` s a joke for ya : heard of the shift button ? 
  noel , mate . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 'm not a smart man , but i * know * what love is . 
  still 4-2-3-1, 
  alaba for clichy , pogba for yaya and john stones for demichelis . 
  i guess it was down to him marking the best striker in the league , ours . 
  i like him cuz he 's young , the potential and the fact that he 's english, 
  it 's / r/curvy mate, 
  i agree with you op , could n't get thru it . 
  ... see that pink backpack flying out down to the left ? 
  and the golden globe for best fake enthusiasm goes to ... 
  jimmy fallon, 
  dave letterman is tapping a pencil on the mike as we speak . 
  but no one sees it . 
  dave is sad . 
  nobody is laughing . 
  i miss dave . 
  til : op is secretly in love with emily, 
  i put aftermarket klusons straight into the existing holes on one of my sgs . 
  worked fine . 
  pretty good , better than most tuners i 'd say . 
  homophobia is gay, 
  matthew mcconaughey and jared leto in dallas buyers club . 
  what do you call a dodgy neighbourhood in italy ? 
  it 's pudding time . 
  flannels or pred perrys and black jeans . 
  is that punk ? 
  do n't really know , and it does n't really matter either . 
  this couldve gotten way worse than a few downvotes here ... dude in front of the car is being just as big of an idiot as the cage monster . 
  it takes two to dance the idiot tango , jus sayin . 
  the luxury of choice in regards to almost everything . 
  there are so many absolutes in religion , that my atheism should not fall under the same hubris . 
  i therefore usually say that im 99,999999 % certain there is no supreme being , but i cant * prove * that there isnt one either . 
  plus , barton probably got the * other * crabs while in marseille too . 
  well , the post-sex `` half-boner '' that makes you pee all over the bathroom floor is pretty fucking annoying . 
  you do it . 
  yes . 
  google manchester city before 2008 . 
  edit : hahahahahaha , wrong league . 
  all the kids got butthurt . 
  the only thing palace * has * to remember now is not to renew the contract no matter how many he scores . 
  i get it . 
  y' all like being right . 
  thing is : i just do n't give a fuck what anybody thinks . 
  religious or atheist . 
  did you just touch my arm , bro ? 
  listen to this guy . 
  loud noises !, 
  women, 
  how do you know jesus was a hipster ? 
  people were following him before twitter even existed . 
  cool , thanks for the reply . 
  what do you like about the jazz compared to the others ? 
  im pretty much 50/50 on which to go for , the jazz or the casino, 
  the fraggle rock theme, 
  the west coast of norway had some pretty epic mountainsides plunging right into the fjords , among other things . 
  very lotr-like . 
  10 bucks says the driver wears a fedora . 
  daily mail : picketing votes for ukip by the hour . 
  guitars, 
  i have two girls , one is five and one is a year and a half . 
  i just wish i was a better parent . 
  they sure do n't come with instructions , and a lot of the time i feel i 'm just winging it , with variable success . 
  one of the worst feelings is getting angry at your kid , scaring them . 
  especially our eldest has been a handful , she wo n't sleep much and it 's a real struggle . 
  i 'm only human , but sometimes the lack of sleep and alone time really gets to me . 
  but i still love them more than life and would would never in a million years * not * have had them , you know .
