  cheers , man . 
  i hear ya, 
  i 'm with you . 
  and i 'm grateful for all your advice , good people !, 
  i 'm gon na find one . 
  thanks dude, 
  well , there 's always been more than one gender , mate . 
  thanks , \u00cf 'm just a stubborn bastard , 
  mustve needed a wicked assquake after that shit game , that 's all, 
  there 's a ginger frenchman on the way . 
  well most fifteen year old do n't, 
  the cure - disintegration . 
  full album . 
  love in an elevator . 
  aerosmith, 
  look , i do n't wan na tell you what to do , but here 's my observation . 
  i 'm heavily tattoed , both arms full sleeve , chest full , legs about 50 % + assorted here and there ( no neck and hands though ) . 
  if theres * one * thing i `` regret '' ( and i do n't regret getting tattoed ) , it 's placement . 
  i have to talk about tattoos all the time . 
  i ca n't wear a t-shirt at work . 
  i get stares in the summer . 
  i 'm just sick of the * issue * the tattoos create . 
  like people have to `` deal '' with it . 
  they ca n't just see them and get on with thier day . 
  so i kinda wish i had stopped at the elbows on both arms , just to avoid the whole scenario . 
  besides , sleeves are more common these days , so i kinda wish i had more original placement for all my tats . 
  like my ribs for example . 
  i started getting tattooed in 1995 by the way , i 'm 40 and both my sleeves were full by age 30 . 
  liverpool . 
  great players , fun manager , but the most entitled , delusional and unfunny fans ever . 
  yeah , gerrard was the * best player ever * . 
  yeah , anfield * has the best athmosphere ever * . 
  yeah , wou 'll win the league * this year * , ynwa , mate ( you 'll never wank alone ) . 
  well , i have a bunch of them , , and some of them are 20 + years now , so they 're a little faded but i actually like that . 
  nothing looks worse than a shiny new tat imo . 
  i work with blind people , haha . 
  so they have no complaints , but my colleagues who do see were a little apprehensive at first , thought i was a tough guy thug biker etc.etc . 
  i * am * a biker , but not in ** that ** sense . 
  my tattoos stem from my involvement in punk and hardcore music , and back then being super inked up was n't as common , so at first it * was * about attention , but now as i 'm older ( and not as preoccupied with showing everybody how much of a badass punk i am , or * was * ) i wish i could sometimes just be dark pasta , the 40 year old hard working dad who happens to play music , and happened to tour a lot in the past . 
  by not drinking , best way to save money i ever thought of . 
  i do n't get all this internet slangage these youngsters are internetting over the twitter these days . 
  shark movies, 
  i 'm already pretty strong , what i need the most is cardio . 
  and to lose my gut . 
  cheers, 
  not gaming, 
  my band has sold about 30 thousand records . 
  sorry , i wan na stay anonymous on here . 
  had to change account before when somebody found out . 
  how did you deal with the fact that you were probably going to die ? 
  what was your thought process ? 
  i 've been critically injured once myself , and was minutes away from bleeding out , so i 'm curious to compare our experiences . 
  this one seems interesting, 
  as often as my wife wants to . 
  cargo shorts . 
  backward baseball caps . 
  i would sort them into one group who sorts people into two groups , then the other group who do n't . 
  i 'm in the first group . 
  that shit is bananas, 
  tin tin for the win !, 
  `` yesterday is history ,, 
  tomorrow is a mystery ,, 
  and today is a gift ... 
  that 's why they call it present '', 
  i 'll just post to see my imaginary brown flair , it will probably be another ten years before i see it ilke that again . 
  it 's almost as if city approached the game differently , judging the opposition . 
  according to the guitar dater project ( google it ) your guitar was made in :, 
  ensenada plant ( fender ) , mexico, 
  in 2011 or 2012, 
  production number : 164761, 
  you 're 15 years old and already asking these very profound questions . 
  i think you 'll do just fine in life , just be kind and treat others as you 'd like them to treat you . 
  there are no answers , but if my life testaments to anything ( i 'm 40 ) , it is that i 've found the most * meaning * in pursuing my true passions , which for me is music . 
  when you find your true passion , try to follow it . 
  good luck , dotamaster . 
  i take its back and choke it . 
  i firmly believe that my macgyver haircut and moustache , combined with my yellow and black '95 city away kit place me in this category when i 'm at the pubs . 
  my 20 '' aax crash is my favorite cymbal . 
  i 'll do it outside while i light my pipe and sip to my port . 
  nobody cares about basketball , remember back when wayne gretzky won every heisman trophy . 
  now those were the times . 
  paging mulder and scully, 
  my guess : prof is gon na promote you soon . 
  because i live in europe . 
  yoga, 
  i 'm sure arteta heeded * the greatest human in the worlds * words . 
  name a charming team who 've won the prem, 
  you know you just burned yourself , right ? 
  a few ... with pretty much that squad, 
  he 's your mananger . 
  he won something with that squad . 
  so is n't he saying jose is n't a good manager ? 
  you rags are too busy circle jerking around my flair, 
  i think i 've just lost regardless of what i intended to say . 
  edibles are becoming real strong now , it seems . 
  i 'm good . 
  last movie : cinderella . 
  last tv : joe rogan comedy special . 
  you sure you do n't wan na narrow down this ama a little more , op ? 
  so she used an '' & '' instead of writing out the word `` and '' , which perfectly sums up this bitch ' ability to get up off her ass .
