  i was too flustered to do anything . 
  first opportunity later i check my pocket and its a 50 euro bill with her number on it in sharpee saying `` use me '' undeneath . 
  apparently i 'm a 50 euro gigolo . 
  no , i 'm married . 
  you know what ? 
  she was n't bad iirc !, 
  at first i was fine with it , i tended bar for about eight years , so i 've been groped pretty much every week . 
  but she 's the one i * remember * going like , `` hey , that 's actually not cool '' after a while . 
  imagine if i did that to a woman being 6 ' 3 '' , tattooed and going `` use me '' . 
  i 'd be in jail now . 
  i spent that 50 as it was . 
  number went with it . 
  the only thing that happened after ( this was 7-8 years ago , so details a hazy ) was that she gave me the `` imma fuck you good '' look several times , and possibly at one time mouthing words to me , and then they disappeared after because i had business elsewhere . 
  it was a huge place . 
  again , i 'm married to a really hot girl , and you 'd have to do better than that do get me to forget that . 
  you 'd basically have to be jennifer lawrence . 
  i was in my early thirties at the time . 
  she was maybe mid forties . 
  imagine it being the other way around . 
  yes , the store is changing it before i get the car . 
  bought it . 
  stoked . 
  no bias there , right ? 
  haha !, 
  never thought of that !, 
  indeed , i 've been hit on so many times by women ( and dudes , mind you ) while working , my non-bartending buddies do n't even believe me . 
  the things they have said and done are absolutely insane . 
  you do n't know what town i 'm in though . 
  besides , this was in 2008 maybe . 
  thanks !, 
  got stung by wasps twice this summer . 
  not too bad . 
  you spelled donald trump wrong, 
  agreed , puny human . 
  bow before the dark lord . 
  something , something , you do n't have to hide it, 
  probably both . 
  keep ~ ~ hillary ~ ~ melania out of this, 
  he actually was # 13 and * switched * to 11 . 
  do n't get me started on yaya and # 42 , or nacho , fucking # 72, 
  then they bought that lad from you lot, 
  wait . 
  was n't he good ? 
  hopefully, 
  imagine fellaini back at everton with witsel . 
  illinois 100 % midwest . 
  already knew that . 
  this will happen to most of your friends once you have kids and/or get married . 
  sorry kids . 
  nobody got the placebo reference , buddy, 
  - the smell of bark in spring . 
  the council used it to fertilize flower beds etc. 
  it reminds me of bmxing around town , putting coins on the railroad tracks , firecrackers , playing football and running around the woods . 
  he looked lively at the euros . 
  gerrard 's favourite kids game ? 
  the slip \u2019n\u2019 slide, 
  how long have you been together ? 
  this would be a huge red flag for me if i were not for the `` you 're a dad now , it 's too dangerous '' argument , which is the only vaguely valid thing i would consider . 
  in general i do n't like being told what to do like i 'm a child by the ones that supposedly love me . 
  fyi i 'm married , been with her for eleven years , we have two kids . 
  she still thinks it 's ok for me to ride . 
  this costa card with a free coffee on it that i never remember to use . 
  i 'm sure totti is paid a mere pittance , pocket change really . 
  i bought an early seventies fender bassman 100 head with the matching cabinet for about 70 euro off this kid way back in me nineties . 
  i actually told him that it was a great amp , and that he could get ten times what he was asking . 
  he just did n't give a shit about `` that old crappy amp '' . 
  to this day it 's still my main amp . 
  i get up every weekday at six . 
  love it . 
  which tail tidy kit is that ? 
  go to jail . 
  no get out of jail free card for you . 
  i 'm just gon na say it : joe rogan . 
  what about when you 're standing up , gripfighting a little and you let them sink a good collar grip and just fucking collar choke you right where you stand - before the roll even started ? 
  knock , knock, 
  yaya still gets to eat cake on his birthday though . 
  to be fair , rashford probably gets to stay out until ten on weekdays though . 
  joe hart got left behind in france after the euros . 
  apparently he put his arm out for the bus and it went right past him . 
  glazers * cough *, 
  want me to translate that joke into japanese , so the united fans understand ? 
  you shouldnt talk attendance when you have an actual cottage beside your pitch . 
  do balotelli as well !, 
  with the bib !, 
  especially when that city is middlesborough , known for exactly fuck all . 
  was n't always so , my amigo . 
  excuse me , it was 200k, 
  well , if the mail thinks so , i must be wrong . 
  slaytanic headlight , my friend . 
  one of my neighbors has this sweet street triple r under a tarp . 
  never rides it . 
  i dont get it . 
  yeah , noel , liam , alan carr and i are having a slayzer right now . 
  mad for it . 
  putin is the real vp, 
  ~ ~ missed the joke completely ~ ~ yeeeeaah, 
  c'est magnifique ( that 's french so the gooner understands ), 
  all right , settle down, 
  gas prices mate, 
  whan they attack it 's the tesco express,
