  then evaluate if i can handle moderation . 
  i 'm thinking along the same lines as you , but i wan na make absolutely sure i can make a year sober before i challenge that sobriety . 
  and if in march next year i go `` nope '' , then i wo n't . 
  my two cents . 
  they are crisp and work well for rock . 
  very distinctive sound . 
  just be sure to put proper heavy gauge strings on it . 
  my practice kit * is * my gig kit too . 
  22 '' bd , 18 '' floor , 14 '' rack . 
  20 '' aax crash on left , 22 '' aa rock ride on right , 14 '' aa heavy hats . 
  spain ya later !, 
  ( bad , i know ), 
  ever realised how the batic sea looks like a man with a giant dick , poking russia with it ? 
  these rappers they have now , on the tops of the pops ? 
  imagine how chuffed jeremy clarkson is today though . 
  oi , might want to switch to decaf, 
  being american must be fantastic . 
  theyre never wrong !, 
  you sure you do n't want a car instead mate ? 
  i have this take on lars career : he 's extremely talented at getting the maximum result out of mediocre ability . 
  the same that happened before you were born , remember ? 
  exactly . 
  nothing . 
  nothing will happen . 
  quoting lord of the rings are we ? 
  denver , huh ? 
  you know the git some dudes ? 
  you mean crucifix chokes right ? 
  all these `` get a gun '' comments make me just wan na say this : you know how hard hitting something with a handgun is under stress ? 
  confused , hands shaking with adrenaline you 're more likely to shoot your own dog . 
  what in saying is , if you 're gonne get a gun , learn to shoot it . 
  take some gun safety classes . 
  and keep it away from your suicidal pet bunny , for petes sake . 
  my first was in 1995 , i look at it now with a mix of humor and as a good reminder of how immature you really are as a 19 year old . 
  hard to say . 
  guts fueled crazy rock maybe, 
  sure , make fun of a rabbit * i named * , it 's not his fault !, 
  i 've been playing since 1985 and i 'm what i would call * a good rhythm player * . 
  is that acceptable ? 
  stewart lee, 
  buffons * hair * wins every time . 
  because * gods * do n't pay tax . 
  these kids on here are fucking morons , i swear . 
  i 'm fifteen and i found a meme wheeeee, 
  / r/soccer cristiano ronaldo is a whingy cunt, 
  only positive experiences . 
  wife is supportive and i feel much better as a dad and husband . 
  everything is more * lively * too , wink wink . 
  one day at a time . 
  just do n't drink today . 
  it 's my mantra . 
  you 'll soon feel like you 're in control and can * have one beer * . 
  you ca n't . 
  accept that it 's a disease . 
  it has nothing to do with your morals , it 's not an ethical malfunction on your part . 
  just take responsibility fur it like you would any other debilitating illness . 
  just stay sober , buddy . 
  i got the word `` reject '' on my leg in gangster font , dude . 
  agreed . 
  when he gets into one of his endless rants , there 's so much information there , so many references that i get a new one every time i re-watch his bits . 
  he makes me feel utterly inspired and dumb at the same time . 
  true genius . 
  balotelli : `` i just shot my bb gun at some journos , now let 's set fire to my porsche '' . 
  my point : stupidity is not related to nationality . 
  i 'm told they watch the line and * listen * for the thud of the ball . 
  who told me is a secret . 
  get what you want , it 's your body . 
  the jury 's out on that one . 
  a little late to rally the troops after the actual referendum innit ? 
  never mind what they 're selling , it 's what you 're buying . 
  merchandise - fugazi . 
  yes ? 
  my point exactly . 
  seize the day , asshole . 
  it 's in the fridge . 
  oh , fuck me - you 're right !, 
  true . 
  looks great in all black !, 
  get lucky - twilight singers, 
  i have to say , and im probably pissing off 95 % of reddit right now , gaming . 
  it is * the * beginner bike in r/motorcycles opinion, 
  ive owned one ( naked , not faired ) , feel free to ask me questions . 
  their key players might get offers for sure . 
  mid level sides in belgium , holland and/or championship in england would do well signing one of these lads . 
  could they make it in the premiership ? 
  gylfi certainly has , so who knows ? 
  i think no. 8 bjarnason looks like a very good player . 
  i 'm weird in that way too , i do n't appreciate the `` bro '' side of martial arts at all . 
  such lie . 
  wow, 
  biker here . 
  i 'm for it . 
  shocker . 
  why ? 
  look it up . 
  most of those accidents were caused by the car . 
  and the driver checking facebook instead of paying attention . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  where i am , if you have a car license , you can straight up buy a 50cc scooter and literally be beside me at a red two minutes later . 
  lord knows there are a lot of idiots on bikes too .
