  my comment was only based on what a polish dude i train with said , which was something along the likes of `` it 's bad , because the pope said so '' . 
  that is all . 
  vacancy : arda turans publicist . 
  must be skilled in social media . 
  hope not, 
  triple capatined him . 
  all in . 
  you got that right, 
  and now you can go , by vendela vida, 
  johnny ramone was a republican, 
  it made 233mil at the box office , so no . 
  born in 1981 , so he could easily break giggs ' record as well . 
  strange that you would talk about giggs in that way . 
  yes , the sum was the point of my comment . 
  the sum . 
  what you 're describing is called * beginning jiu jitsu * , the symptoms will go away if you * continue doing jiu jitsu * . 
  why are n't spurs white ? 
  i just love being called * plastic * by a 15 year old united supporter from new jersey . 
  `` i thought you were gay '' , as in : you 're well groomed and can carry a conversation about architecture . 
  i 'm not , as she learnt later . 
  yes , i told her . 
  you know it . 
  in the elevator every morning i look forward to the first time i see my bike parked in the garage . 
  again . 
  never gets old . 
  unrelated : like the one morning i come down to see that a moron had chained his * fucking mountain bike * to my bonnie , i literally went apeshit . 
  went upstairs for my wire cutters , but the guy managed to show up in the meantime and got out before i could chain whip him . 
  i 'm so pissed i did n't get a picture . 
  my mother in law called a psychic to alleviate her extreme chest pain and serious breathing problem . 
  cost an arm and a leg . 
  my wife told me , and i basically drove her to the doctors . 
  turns out it was bronchitis . 
  these snake charmers should be prosecuted . 
  tkd uses dobok though , not gi . 
  wear hi-viz vests all the time . 
  yayaaaa !, 
  joey barton , the guy who served time for assaulting a team mate on the training pitch has an opinion on ethics , guys . 
  take notes . 
  we 're all trying to forget . 
  joe hart will have no problem adapting to spain . 
  half our squad speaks spanish , just double that and add better weather . 
  he was given a suspended sentence for assault on ousmande dabo whislt they were both city players . 
  a clash in training which turned into barton doing a * barton * . 
  from when the building * was n't * a 7/11 i would guess ? 
  kim thayil is known for playing guilds , not les pauls . 
  he amost exclusively plays the guild s-100 . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and 250 . 
  thanks . 
  he 're your knife back , it was stuck in my back . 
  roll with as many different people as you can . 
  big , small , heavy , lanky , white to black belt . 
  tap early , keep an open mind . 
  ego has no place on the mats . 
  do n't listen to white belts , 
  humor , look it up . 
  it 's useful for social gatherings etc !, 
  wow , son . 
  i know there 's sensitive dudes out there , but jesus christ . 
  chill the fuck out . 
  there you are again !, 
  internet party !, 
  nice !, 
  dude , are you high or some shit ? 
  tap the fuck out already . 
  i think we 're done . 
  that makes it six . 
  nice , lunch !, 
  chris farley is god, 
  all right . 
  benched . 
  cheers, 
  glad to see i 'm not the only one !, 
  `` how did the fresh water fish survive the great flood ? '', 
  watch them scratch their heads . 
  one day you 'll know, 
  one uppers, 
  i know . 
  however i 'd like to point out that most of these `` narcissistic assholes '' are probably just trying to have 30 minutes of peace and the last thing they need is a hipster on a fixed gear bike moaning about how they 're in they way of his getting soy chai latte . 
  one of my colleagues does this . 
  massive liar . 
  yah , those are cheap . 
  how do you know how many kids i have ? 
  how do you know about * the world * ? 
  politics, 
  integrity is sexy . 
  the walnut . 
  just looks better , and wil age better , imo . 
  nothing good will come out of this question . 
  nice !, 
  good on him , hope it works out . 
  what helmet is that ? 
  it 's fucking awesome !, 
  hey , hey , hey , hey, 
  `` i 'm 22 and still living at home due to the fact i got a degree in history '', 
  well , son , at the very least you have a sense of humor !, 
  cbn news is a christian news channel . 
  hardly unbiased . 
  thread won, 
  she 's got ta point !, 
  i keep to a strict rule when out with drinking friends .
