  to you . 
  i mean did it solve anything ? 
  are you understanding more about yourself ? 
  i 'm curious to know . 
  thanks for your answer , informative !, 
  sure , i agree with that . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't get what you 're peeved about . 
  i simply stated that you would benefit by looking at the dude unaffected by wether he 's this or that . 
  ive only been looking at this sub for a couple days and so far i got ta say dating tips probably ai n't one of the things i 'm going to comment on further . 
  i 'll let you live now . 
  that 's good , i just think it might be a bad measuring stick for your future love life to filter people thru their four letter type . 
  i did n't downvote you by the way , i do n't see why someone would do that on a forum that supposedly is made up of people who love arguing their position and at the same time are able to look at things from different views . 
  just proves my point really , i think this broad generalization of people is a highly questionable practice . 
  no , not at all . 
  my question is : how has it helped you with understanding yourself ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  ok , what you say here makes sense to me . 
  the part about spreading yourself too thin was eerily similar . 
  i too take on 14 projects and usually only finish one or two at best . 
  luckily for you , you found this out early in life - that 's good !, 
  the part about sly remarks is like reading about myself , i need to workl on that one too . 
  you might just 've turned me a little on this , and i appreciate your input !, 
  also : i like the beatles reference in your nick . 
  take care !, 
  beware of the sun , op . 
  it turns trolls to stone according to folklore . 
  good job !, 
  the points on number three really resonated with me . 
  good read , thanks !, 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and 260 , usually wear xl . 
  my wife is 5 ' 3 '' and 130 . 
  solved . 
  title says men , yeah ? 
  quite the jokester !, 
  yes i do jiujitsu , so i 'm in ok shape . 
  brazilian jiu jitsu , my friend . 
  try it !, 
  did you drive drunk ? 
  click bait editors around the words are jizzing their pants, 
  i 'm sorry but that unacceptable . 
  hurting yourself with drinking is one thing , but drunk driving is reckless and you are endangering innocent people . 
  good , now i wish for the best for you . 
  be strong , i wo n't drink with you today dude . 
  you know what ? 
  what if he hit a kid , somebody 's child . 
  drunk driving is inexcusable . 
  op even agreed to that . 
  i 'm not being unkind . 
  you just do n't drink and drive . 
  regardless . 
  thanks !, 
  how 's that abs ? 
  no i have n't , really . 
  i 'm a huge fan of the brand new one , but i ca n't afford that . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've heard varying reports about the abs twitching , like annoyingly . 
  have you experienced any of that ? 
  i 've never owned a bike with abs, 
  absolutely . 
  thanks for that input , i 'm really dreading parting with the bonnie , but as you said i need a bigger bike that can do everything not just look good . 
  i 'm `` slightly positive '' , which is basically who i am . 
  if you `` get in their way '' , it just means you are funnier than them and getting `` their '' stage time . 
  it 's darwinism , son . 
  fantasy premier league , to be honest . 
  their amps go to 11, 
  here 's a word : penis . 
  except when you buy nacho on fpl, 
  i just traded rondon for iheanacho ... fml, 
  shots fired . 
  not by aguero . 
  well , his name is actually `` red '' . 
  to bad ref do n't speak spanish . 
  i 'm so happy i just transferred him out of fpl . 
  for iheanacho . 
  hi , what 's your favorite louisville band ? 
  cool , is it roadworthy ? 
  can it handle touring ? 
  is it sturdy ? 
  well , some brands ( i 've never owned any ibanez stuff ) are n't . 
  i 've broken 4-5 rat pedals for instance . 
  i 'm on my second boss tuner , and i broke my crybaby wah recently . 
  touring . 
  wear and tear , somebody spilled beer on them etc. 
  you know , just the ol' in and out of the road case 1000 times gets to them . 
  make sure to wear wool as the inner layer , guys . 
  not cotton . 
  i 'm scandinavian by the way , and i wear wool from october to february . 
  theres no substitute if you want to stay warm . 
  i have two daugthers , two and five . 
  there you go . 
  i got ta ask : where 's james hetfield ? 
  inspired literally millions with his low swung explorer and * yeahhhhs * for nearly four decades . 
  i think they could n't agree amongst themselves either , and that 's why they 're not playing together . 
  i nearly got lost in that rabbit hole once clarity of mind entered . 
  you just have to forgive your past self for being a gigantonormous douche and move on , really . 
  stay dry , friends . 
  broke the switch in one right through the circuitry . 
  fun !, 
  one got soaked in beer .
