  nice pants too . 
  they are seriously big though , so buy a size down from what you usually go for . 
  i also have a koral light i was given and i like it a lot . 
  my least favorite is a mkm , which i bought way too big , and now i can barely train in it - its like giving away grips with all that extra fabric . 
  ... and then what ? 
  dna testing ? 
  pink floyd * bike *, 
  i 've got a bike . 
  you can ride it if you like . 
  it 's got a basket , a bell that rings and, 
  things to make it look good . 
  i 'd give it to you if i could , but i borrowed it . 
  queen likes bikes too apparantly, 
  that song is so strange . 
  i 've worked in a mental ward , and my best tip would be to attack the police , then claim to be some kind of god or that you can read minds . 
  or both !, 
  presto !, 
  you 're committed . 
  unrealistic expectations . 
  people expect to be in love for life . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  the trick is to try to fall in love * with same person * again and again . 
  source : married for 5 years , been with her for 10 years . 
  marriage is hard work . 
  it ai n't no film . 
  dragging my zombie corpse to the coffee maker . 
  who is ahmed musa ? 
  and that guy has a shirt on . 
  true, 
  well , to be fair 90 % of the squad are * big names * . 
  so , yes . 
  milly is apparantly learning spanish to be able to communicate with the large portion of spanish speakers in the squad . 
  that says a great deal about the man , the player and the * team * player that is james milner . 
  not to mention amazing * mcgyver * style hair . 
  yes . 
  for example i once ( probably in 1992 or 93 ) went to see rage against the machine , and they had this little known underground act called tool warming up for them . 
  it was amazeballs . 
  life 's a risk ... 
  smokers ... as a non-smoker , you know those `` breaks '' every two hours ( they generally last 15 minutes + ) ? 
  * yeah , i 'm working the whole time you 're away * . 
  entitlement issues . 
  yeah , your life and friends are so important i have to drop whatever i 'm doing to accomodate your inflated ego . 
  guess what , kiddo ? 
  not a fan . 
  looky here , we got ourselves a reader !, 
  puns 101, 
  what a * giant dick * ( see what i did there ? ) . 
  oh , downvoter dickheads , come on do n't be huge dicks !, 
  feed him !, 
  a traditional working class club with a strong following , with fans that sing loudly , have a sense of humour and who take the piss . 
  what of it ? 
  i do that once in a while . 
  i 'll chill out when i get to leave a half hour early because i work more . 
  then how come we ai n't bought him yet ? 
  lolocaust . 
  yeah , we used to be , now we 're good . 
  til : go ahead fans do n't have a sense of humour . 
  yeah , riiiiight ... 
  * you get that look * from the boss ( who is a smoker , of course ) . 
  amen and that !, 
  i do jiujitsu , they do n't mix well . 
  that 's nice !, 
  cool , who are you ? 
  i must know you . 
  you obviously know me . 
  yes , basically they 're getting ( lets say 4 x15 mins a day ) an hour extra off work every day , which adds up approx . 
  to 300 hours per year ( or * 37,5 * 8 hour workdays per year ) . 
  that 's a full month per year you 're skipping out of work . 
  like i wrote in my post * yeah , i 'm working in that time you 're out * . 
  you 're funny . 
  you must be the office funny man . 
  i had a second kid . 
  i started working out again and lost about 20lbs so far . 
  my favorite singer of all time told me my band was awesome . 
  so , yes . 
  greg dulli, 
  that 's not a * date * it 's sophia loren . 
  it ' s loren . 
  i 'll bet you my kids on it . 
  the theme song from * frozen *, 
  do n't * bro * me if you do n't know me . 
  an education  religious upbringing . 
  and fast . 
  happiness is a choice, 
  you do n't shit where you eat . 
  if you get cut off at your own bar , respect the staff . 
  if they do n't , they 're asshats . 
  one of the most important things for a tender is to protect the licence . 
  if they do n't realise that , they 're asshats for that too . 
  it fucks with my workouts . 
  start working out . 
  you wo n't even feel the urge to have drinks after work . 
  if such a law exists , it should be deleted permanently . 
  ayn rand : the cult of * the reckless ego * disguised as freedom . 
  it 's funny how stalins moustache echoes though the russian picture . 
  yet the current cholera epedemic in haiti barely gets news coverage . 
  easy , all the guys she dated after me are the same . 
  relieved they 're not with that narcissistic person anymore . 
  exept that one poor schmuck that got her pregnant and has to pay alimony . 
  he 's well fucked .
