  talk about a party starter . 
  tell your children not to walk my way-aay, 
  smells like teen spirit, 
  i thought naismith was pretty versatile and could be used as a winger ? 
  good job !, 
  they probably do n't believe in `` evolution '' either . 
  she is 30 years old in this picture . 
  goddamnit she is beautiful . 
  why not water ? 
  read : get in the van ( about black flag ) . 
  thanks a lot for that . 
  what you describe is pretty much what i drink , and the effects of you quitting is the thing i 'm after . 
  especially no . 
  i do bjj as my exercise as well , and i have no supplementary training ( yet ) . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm leaning towards it for sure ... 
  or by beer farts . 
  ouch . 
  do you find it hard to stay on the wagon ? 
  not at all . 
  she looks ten years younger , that 's all . 
  both are smoking hot . 
  i 'm just saying dolly does n't look 30 in that picture . 
  being an atheist out there in the real world is unpopular at times . 
  the french connection . 
  laphroaig , the 10 year old . 
  islay single malt whisky . 
  from scotland , of course . 
  i 'm 38 . 
  * i 'm still not prepared * . 
  have fun , travel . 
  make mistakes . 
  practise making babies . 
  stay away from hard drugs . 
  always pay your debts . 
  always work , do n't rely on others to pay for you . 
  do n't be a douche . 
  did i say have fun ? 
  you should n't talk bout your manhole on the first date . 
  because you ca n't get choked ? 
  thanks , man, 
  i 've never been able to have just 1 beer . 
  that 's impossible . 
  you know what , i 'm just going to pass on that , but thanks for the tip anyway dude . 
  happy father . 
  with a fresh haircut . 
  i 'm not into the whole `` capitalism is the only true and just way '' thing . 
  i feel that consentrating solely on monetary gain makes people , well ... behave like assholes . 
  groundhog day, 
  common courtesy, 
  i only have to work at this shitty job this weekend , then i 'm free !, 
  off to pastures new . 
  clean !, 
  money, 
  well , our world views differ quite a lot , but i 'm seriously considering getting on the wagon for a while . 
  where are the pedestrians ? 
  just maths . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the house always wins , guy !, 
  football manager, 
  to go my own way and to have no regrets . 
  growing up my dad would always get undressed downstairs and walk to the upstairs bathroom naked after work . 
  he 's one of those guys . 
  we think nothing of it . 
  cue to me bringing my first girlfriend home to meet the family for the first time . 
  you guessed it , she met my dad being butt nekkid . 
  he just casually said `` hi , i 'm darkpastas dad '' and proceeded upstairs like nothing had happened . 
  luckily she started laughing . 
  but , * yay pops * . 
  i have a million stories about my weird father . 
  coffee . 
  * 9/11 truthers *, 
  i 'm 38 too and started in may . 
  keep going to class !, 
  the aches will get a * little * better , and so will you , 
  tony pulis : `` increasing the average height of a squad since 1992 '', 
  jay jay okocha -- paris st germain to bolton - * so good they named him twice *, 
  great beard , great player . 
  how did stoke get bojan ? 
  practise until you know the song without thinking about it , not even looking or thinking about playing . 
  it 's not as hard as it sounds . 
  cool how black flag and minor threat suddenly pop up in there . 
  darchest video ever . 
  that is amazing !, 
  minneapolis -  la. 
  the whole plane stunk like dead bodies . 
  there were only like 10 people on the flight . 
  i 've never been more excited to see lax . 
  hodor, 
  10 years . 
  mutual respect , trust and real love . 
  plus , we have two kids . 
  making it ? 
  honestly * realism * . 
  some times there are good times , and some times they are bad . 
  do n't bail out , be a man . 
  why is shoyoroll deemed to be this * almost mythical * gi company ? 
  i do n't care what gi you wear as long as it 's clean . 
  a woman has the right to decide what happens to her body . 
  undecided,
