  the meds make him really overweight . 
  whats truly sad about this though , is that he is a literary genious . 
  he had a good period about ten years ago and wrote an amazing manuscript and had offers on the table from major publishers , but he burned it because it was too much for him . 
  i 've read parts of it . 
  it was fucking brilliant . 
  i 'm gutted thinking what he * could * have become . 
  if you write this up like a sitcom , you might actually manage to open some doors in hollywood and get a pitch . 
  jesus , you have material for a show here !, 
  the show has to be called `` jesus christ , april . '', 
  not * cray cray * crazy , but some junkie tried to rob me down the street from where i live at like 3:30 at night ( i was a little drunk ) , and as he shouted something like `` gim me your money '' i just punched him in the mouth . 
  got him really good , he did n't fall , but turned 180 and ran for it . 
  all i remember is a a white hoodie and adidas track pants running away , and i was shouting insulting things at him . 
  as i said , i was drunk . 
  the twist here is that i was holding a milkshake from mcd 's the whole time and did n't spill a drop . 
  true story , nobody was there . 
  totally empty street . 
  i hope he gets it together and writes something ... 
  the guy is amazing . 
  i was too !, 
  he knows my real name , so if he does he will probably have his reasons . 
  season 1 , ep 1 : `` jesus christ , april . 
  you sucked off the producer ? '', 
  his book was a metaphysical autobiography of sorts . 
  he wrote in the 3rd person , so everything the main character did and said was observed and narrated by someone else . 
  it was really spooky and fantastic . 
  i just remember a passage about the main character standing in front of the bathroom mirror talking to himself . 
  the monologue was harrowing . 
  ya , but i can assure you , all this guy wants to be is normal . 
  try not to do what everybody else does . 
  find your own style . 
  i asked a girl over , we had sex . 
  then she stayed for ten years !, 
  she likes to be called * wife * now . 
  the tree of life was directed by terence malick . 
  no worries , but i got ta disappoint you and say i actually liked tree of life, 
  the key to doing * arm wrestling * well , is a soft , lotioned touch, 
  that only happens in the `` movies '', 
  i got ta say , for entertainment i 'd rather watch alien or the like , but for thought provoking , almost mind blowingly `` philosophical '' film viewing , this is up there with my favorite films like 21 grams , winters bone , eternal sunshine ... , being john malkovich , donnie darko , the others , requiem for a dream , the thin red line etc. 
  i just like those quirky arty flicks i guess . 
  how do you know it 's six inches !?!!!? 
  kidding , it 's not that long . 
  i know , right ? 
  well , she actually pays for me so it 's the other way around . 
  i 'm a very , very naughty boy . 
  i 've been playing for 30 years , i 'm 38 . 
  i 've also released records , toured a bunch and i 'm currently signed to a label . 
  i 'm not going to name the band , the label or myself , 
  well , you 're entitled to think what you want . 
  i 'm not going to name my band , because i enjoy being here anonymously . 
  edit : come on guys , i was being reasonable here ... downvoting me is just lame . 
  i 'm in a band , we 've sold maybe 10.000 records . 
  if you 're into `` post-hardcore '' , or whatever you might know us . 
  or seen us . 
  we have never toured the states in our current state , although i 've toured the us with other bands . 
  i dont know what to tell you without compromising my nick . 
  sorry , maybe i should n't have joined the thread at all . 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  you can say what you want . 
  no , no it 's a `` hardcore '' band . 
  but if you follw that kinda music , you might have heard about it . 
  dude , if i was in nickelback i 'd be flying the flag high . 
  those guys are rich . 
  they suck , but they 're rich as fuck . 
  sure did !, 
  never did , more a fun fun fun fest kinda band if they would ever book us !, 
  i would n't say diy . 
  we have a label , a manager and a booking company , so no not really . 
  i used to do the diy thing , because i had no other option , and it ' s great . 
  you sleep on the stage at the club , or at some kids house and eat whatever you can find . 
  you make friends , i still have to this day . 
  it ' s pretty awesome , but i 'm too old for sleeping on floors now . 
  i just need clean beds and healthy living when we are out . 
  but , thanks for not being a cynical mofo , guy !, 
  thanks man . 
  yes it 's not impossible at all . 
  we 've played about 300 shows for the 5 year duration of this band , so if you divide sales by number of shows , we are actually not making many fans at all , haha . 
  i see what you did there , and i like it . 
  at this point i do n't even know anymore . 
  i know . 
  of course . 
  well , i guess at this point the whole scene is sort of watered out ( if you do n't mind me saying it ) as opposed to what happened in the late nineties when i first started touring . 
  back then we recorded for cheap , pressed 7 '' , paid for all of it ourselves , booked the tour , and went out in our parents cars . 
  it was diy as they come . 
  but one thing led to another , and i guess the scene attracted money people and `` hipsters '' and it all became all about the business i guess . 
  i guess now , in 2014 , i 'm more a part of the money side , than the punk side , i 'm afraid . 
  but i 've done my miles , and slept on floors and eaten a ton of punk stew , so i feel ok with it . 
  now , i do n't know where you 're from , but i grew up in europe , and ceratin parts of the diy punk scene is still alive some places , especially bigger towns in germany and in eastern europe . 
  but i see your point , some bands that are huge to me and my buddies , like say ... tragedy or leatherface , most people have never heard about and have no clue about . 
  the secret from italy . 
  crusty fucking awesome punk black metal-ish band on southern lord . 
  they rule !, 
  cool , i have good friends fom illinois . 
  i was always envious of the regional scenes in the us . 
  like the gainesville scene as opposed to the san diego thing . 
  really great different labels and bands from each coast . 
  some of the best dudes i ever met were guys like you form the us punk scene . 
  i was over in chicago last year , caught some shows and hung out in wicker park . 
  it ' s definately a different vibe over by you guys . 
  you 're not from louisville or birmingham by chance ? 
  do you do jiu jitsu ?
