  pick up a pen . 
  75 % of the pens at our house are those dried out motherfuckers . 
  then i pick up another one . 
  same thing happens . 
  then i say * why the hell do n't we throw out these useless pens ? 
  * to my wife , but neither of us really do it . 
  i 'm your buddys size , bond , blue eyes and white as coke . 
  where can i get on that gig ? 
  thats * mr. * pasta to you , sir . 
  i respect r.kellys belief that he can fly and that he can touch the sky . 
  i know people * ca n't really fly * though , but if r. believes he really can , i support him , and hopes he tries it one day soon . 
  is that you moneypenny ? 
  you get what you give . 
  fast forward a year : `` intelligence reports said isis * had * a nuke , but we were unable to find it , even though we deployed ground troops '', 
  well , from what i read * spelling * was n't really a requirement as long as you look like thor . 
  which i do . 
  i 'll get right on that, 
  the big question is : are you in the corner watching and beating off ? 
  oh shocker , they 're normal dudes . 
  roger, 
  i 'm a bartender : every time some douchecanoe * pukes * , and i have to fucking clean it up . 
  not-enough-money-in-the-world . 
  we all like to stick our head in the sand and forego responsibilty for our own lives , do n't we ? 
  i 'm guessing too much video games ? 
  no bad religion either, 
  dude . 
  you try growing up in a pentecostal cult , then spend your entire grown up life battling the indoctrination , the guilt trips from your family and the outright lies that you are force fed as a child and get back to me . 
  by the way : thanks for downvoting my personal hell ... 
  well , not * normal * as in footballing ability ( obviously ) , but * normal * as in proper socialization , the practise of respecting your opponent , sportmanship and normal etiquette . 
  so , yes , normal dudes . 
  not your fault dude !, 
  ok , well there 's a difference in being racist and being atheist . 
  being racist ( or misogynist ) is prejudice toward somthing people did not have a choice being ( that of being a certain race or being born a woman ) , being religious though , is a choice - and when that personal choice puts limitations on others peoples quality of life , i do n't think they compare . 
  to exemplify , i 'm a liberal , anti-racist and feminist atheist while my goody religious father is racist , hates islam and spews hate pretty much every time we speak . 
  i 'm not even going to touch his stance on women . 
  now , whose worse ? 
  i 'm not generalizing on one account here , most of these folk pretty much share my chrisian familys skewed beliefs . 
  sure . 
  i have a sociology ba , and honestly : it has n't gotten me a days pay yet . 
  it did broaden my horizons quite extensively , but that 's about it . 
  i would reccommend something like programming or economics , stuff you actually get paid to do . 
  i wish i had taken a more * pragmatic * route in uni . 
  the rat is pretty versatile for both guitar and bass . 
  look , and this goes to all of you who 've downvoted me too , you ca n't possibly know why my stance on religion is what it is , i 'm not going to buy the argument `` that being atheist is intolerant '' when all religion is founded on the notion that * that * specific religion is right , and all others are wrong . 
  just the way this thread has responded to my seemingly mild responses ... 
  i 've never been treated with more intolerance and downright abuse than i have from religious people , who seem to have a very low bar of attacking individuals simply because they disagree with you , or just plain think for themselves . 
  just because * some religious folk * are a tolerant and jovial lot , does not negate the fact that many lives are runied , reputations are destroyed and in some extreme cases - people get fucking killed - simply because i do n't subscribe to that specific thought pattern . 
  nor did i downvote you , brahimi . 
  edgy , dude . 
  i bet you if you met me , you would think i was a great guy . 
  besides , i fuck myself on a regular basis . 
  have a great day !, 
  now , see , this is pretty cool !, 
  i have two kids . 
  i totally know where you 're coming from . 
  congrats on the offspring !, 
  and city supporters were like * facepalm *, 
  that 's really cool !, 
  first rule of band camp : you do n't mention band camp . 
  the usual `` this could be drawn by toddlers '' argument is so trite , most of the modern art was made deliberately by technically proficient people who * chose * that expression to make a point . 
  most people tend to judge what they do n't understand . 
  modern art ususally requires a little bit of thinking , which is hard for certain people . 
  a kid that grew up on my street on was * gay * from the first moment i met him . 
  he 's like 8-9 years younger than i , but my kid brother is the same age and they went to school together . 
  it 's not a choice . 
  this guy was prancing like a fashion model age three . 
  just saying . 
  count our english players , mate . 
  currently we have 5 in the 1st team , and one is on loan . 
  not at all surprising given he 's one of the best and most celebrated gks of modern football . 
  same order here , but plural . 
  i * might * have been getting better , but i 'm only about 7 months into bjj and i do n't think i 'm getting promoted anytime soon . 
  but if it 's an indication to getting better , i guess i 'm stoked ( if only i could lift my arms to celebrate ) !, 
  yes , it makes a lot of sense now . 
  i thought i was fucking up !, 
  thanks !, 
  cool , i 've been so much like a fish out of water , but lately i 've been getting more control - i just did n't think i could possibly be that i * was actually becoming better at jiu jitsu * . 
  it most definately is !, 
  maiden is perfection, 
  haha, 
  who read that in carras voice ? 
  that toyota does n't go 80mph . . 
  consider yourself lucky you 've started questioning things at an early age . 
  `` by the way , if anyone here is in marketing or advertising ... kill yourself . 
  thank you . 
  just planting seeds , planting seeds is all i 'm doing . 
  no joke here , really . 
  seriously , kill yourself , you have no rationalisation for what you do , you are satan 's little helpers . 
  kill yourself , kill yourself , kill yourself now . 
  now , back to the show . 
  seriously , i know the marketing people : ` there 's gon na be a joke comin ' up . ', 
  suck a tail pipe , hang yourself ... borrow a pistol from an nra buddy , do something ... rid the world of your evil fuckin ' presence . '', 
  - bill hicks, 
  you mean these religious types are crazy ? 
  i believe none of it !, 
  listen to mattthegeek . 
  anchorman 2, 
  i guess i expected it to be funnier , and to not * milk every joke * that was good in the original . 
  i actually watched it again , because i loved the original so much i * desperately * wanted to like it , but no . 
  i just hope they do n't ruin blades of glory .
