  past experience ? 
  jedi ? 
  you wack off to comments ? 
  each his own ... 
  have you seen black mirror ? 
  entp are the best psychopaths !, 
  yes !, 
  thats very cool !, 
  damn , i had a late sixties p-90 sg too . 
  sold the thing , and regretted it badly . 
  it was black , but had been refinished several times , so you could see the layers of paint through dings . 
  sounded great . 
  dont sell yours !, 
  no , thats no why . 
  people have stopped calling me , its not voluntary , i 'm being avoided because of my sobriety . 
  this was really helpful !, 
  thanks !, 
  that might be true . 
  thanks for the input !, 
  i have a jazz with the trem , but i do n't use it so its never on . 
  ive also ripped out the guts on the upper horn . 
  and a mastery bridge . 
  and now its playable !, 
  on another note , i think the back plate should be there , otherwise it doest quite look like a jazz , ` msayin ? 
  contacted my local husky dealer . 
  he said they 'll probably have it in january 2018 , and spring the latest !, 
  cybernetic organism piloting mining missions to jupiters moon europa , just that . 
  hope they make a 701 svartpilen too, 
  he 's 37 , but yeah . 
  edit : come on lads , you can get this comment down to -100 !, 
  get on the downvoting train !, 
  this is gon na be yuge !, 
  double edit : grate work guys !, 
  glad i could give you people some entertainment !, 
  edit : while i 'm at it , c. ronaldo sucks !, 
  thats what my professor says !, 
  thats reassuring !, 
  only been blue for about two months . 
  felt way more comfortable at white . 
  in my experience the wingman is more attractive to women , because he does n't try that hard . 
  but then again , i 'm very handsome , funny , talented and humble . 
  this is the only right answer . 
  motorcycle, 
  well , i 'm 6 ' 3 '' about 250 lbs , and i train martial arts . 
  did 8 years of taekwondo and i 'm currently in my 3rd year of brazilian jiu jitsu . 
  especially when drunk , guys will ask `` you think you could beat me up ? '' . 
  well , yes . 
  99 % of the time , the answer is yes . 
  but i kinda just shrug it off and change the subject . 
  its hard . 
  thanks !, 
  talking shit about minor threat on a forum called `` punk '' , you really know your stuff . 
  jeez, 
  you 're grounded !, 
  not really , since op broke the fourth commandment of punk `` thou shalt not joke about mackaye '', 
  it might be , look at the date !, 
  the internet sucks today, 
  thanks for clarifying, 
  . . and for some people the meaning of life is slappin da bass . 
  but , honestly now . 
  i study sociology , and about half the people dont even know what it is , and the rest ask `` yeah , but what can you * do * with it ? '' . 
  at the very least , i understand * why * they ask that question . 
  theres no philosophy factory in green bay ? 
  what ? 
  some people think marketing is a real occupation too . 
  de beauvoir , sontag , nocklean , arendt , wollstonecraft come to mind, 
  i suffer from panic attacks , and did before having kids , but i definitely had a pretty severe reaction after our first born . 
  i hate siri hustvedt , i think her books are dull pieces of shit . 
  let me just say this on record : ayn rand is a fucking idiot . 
  i mean was . 
  i * cheese * , therefore i am !, 
  thanks . 
  but seriously . 
  marketing ? 
  the perpetual filling of the world with bile and garbage . 
  i dont care how you rationalize it , and i dont care if you dont like me . 
  ayn rayn morally opposed the welfare state , but died on medicare and social security . 
  so in the end , one could say that her grand theories were dependent on us doing the heavy lifting for her , essentially negating her whole argument . 
  in what way ? 
  i mean the dude was pretty harsh on women , but that was the times . 
  if were being generous . 
  might agree , but i have a special disdain for rands specific project . 
  i feel its the go to rhetoric for egocentric asshattery . 
  cheers !, 
  right on that account !, 
  same situation w pompey , promoted to pl in 4th season bought joel piroe from psv , 15 goals 1st season . 
  roseth in defense , did well . 
  got ryad boudebouz and karim ait fana on a free , both did well . 
  bought duncan watmore for 800k , he was amazing . 
  louis reed pretty good too . 
  celcius is better because its based on physics, 
  my winona crush is forever . 
  my grandpas number is 666 !, 
  a fork in the road, 
  atheism , because youre presenting this poll just like a religious zealot, 
  perspective, 
  this can not be true, 
  if you dont fail , you ca n't learn from your mistakes . 
  you ca n't get better at anything unless you learn to accept failure . 
  i always say adam jones of tool .
