  the totalitarian belief that everyone else is wrong . 
  every human defines this differently . 
  mine is : treat others as you would like them to treat you . 
  bad : self explanatory . 
  present the evidence , and i will eat my words with a side of ketchup . 
  whatever floats your boat , if it works for you etc. 
  my only gripe is with the ones that are about an almighty god needing humans to abide by rules to protect his ( or hers ) seemingly very fragile ego . 
  seems awful lot like a human wrote them , dunnit ? 
  that show just plain sucked . 
  youre in a man city subreddit , mate . 
  well , they specifically told me they were looking for `` team players '' , and i figured ( knowing i always get entp , i 've taken this test 30 times ) , being my `` type '' ( the debater ) would n't actually help me get the job anyway . 
  so , i actually decided then and there i was 99 % sure i did n't want the job anyway , which always makes you nail the interview because you dont give a shit . 
  i have a number of exes ( i 'm 41 ... ) so i 'll list them up with a couple good memories . 
  she was very fun and energetic , the life of the party . 
  also very intelligent . 
  she was a beautiful person , not just on the outside . 
  she was very generous and inclusive . 
  and she could drink me under the table . 
  fun times . 
  and ( and i guess this break the premise ) insane sex . 
  i went to sex school , in fact . 
  just kind and graceful . 
  almost like an elf . 
  never heard her say anything negative . 
  she 's a good person . 
  well , super intelligent . 
  almost too smart , much , * much * smarter than me . 
  and again ( and i guess this break the premise * again * ) sexual chemistry like 99 % match . 
  edit : fucked up the format . 
  and , op , thanks for the question . 
  positivity on reddit is always good . 
  well , its may . 
  our attack just became the stuff of dreams . 
  black metal vikings reigned supreme . 
  tell that to the irish !, 
  goat cheese, 
  almost every word spoken by my mother in law is a cacophony of enneagram , new age , crystal , magic number , lizard people , ufo , reborn as an angel horseradish . 
  good thing she part owns my house , and i 'm completely financially dependent on her whims . 
  i 'm a big fan of `` dont ask dont tell '' about * everything * . 
  i 'm 41 . 
  i feel that 's * your * business , and my business is being able to say `` no , thanks '' . 
  i grew up in a pentecostal family , so im well versed in these discussions . 
  i just dont believe in that . 
  not a problem !, 
  panic attacks . 
  you ? 
  mine too . 
  and i just love my daily dose of `` did you actually know vaccines cause chemtrails ? '', 
  in my fb feed . 
  it 's like she does n't yet realize fb is a public forum . 
  my friends are highly entertained . 
  my mother in law probably thinks myers-briggs is some kind of jewish conspiracy . 
  yes , on top of everything , she 's kinda racist . 
  but in the `` oh , you ca n't say that ? '', 
  naive kinda way . 
  they 're not fiddling about , are they ? 
  my temper , goddamn it !, 
  [ yeah ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixxqgbof68 ), 
  string height is wrong . 
  you need to heighten the action a wee bit . 
  the busa bro . 
  darwin awards finalist, 
  donald trump not completing his term, 
  here 's a suggestion : do n't listen to music when you ride . 
  listen to the 2 ton killing machines which surround you . 
  edit : down voters , seriously . 
  this is fucking dangerous . 
  he 's probably in the joint , then, 
  they 're not wrong, 
  i was looking for where the mirror was for * way * too long . 
  can you lose iq points from seeing a picture ? 
  of course you can hear , even with plugs . 
  i ride every day , i know what i 'm talking about . 
  order that for your tomb , bro . 
  thats so cool . 
  why do you say that ? 
  im trying to keep people alive here . 
  youre the one that said i dont know what i 'm talking about . 
  but i do , i ride as much as you . 
  yeah , i dont get this at all . 
  call it youthful , call it hubris . 
  its plain dumb . 
  the universe might be part of a * multiverse *, 
  * my kind * ? 
  interesting . 
  did you know that at the very top of the spine , theres this thing attached called a brain ? 
  hence the word * might *, 
  scholar . 
  theres a difference . 
  heres a fact : you 're boring . 
  i was referring to the roman catholic church . 
  a student in a scholasticate . 
  nice how they lined up hottest to the left , then progressively less hot . 
  i did n't know that , i have studied history and immediately thought of the middle ages . 
  thats all . 
  that would make me the hottest one . 
  research . 
  looks like someone already made that choice . 
  if i have change .
