  it was nice to see . 
  on the other hand , one of the more popular girls in my class actually got hooked on heroin and died . 
  so , the moral of the story is : wow , some random shit happened . 
  rime of the ancient mariner for me . 
  playing someone elses gear without asking is equal to fooling around with their wife . 
  how about this : none of them . 
  gotten married, 
  cheers , mate, 
  life rule : `` only carry as much cash as you are prepared to lose '' . 
  til dave grohl started another band after nirvana called the food fighters !, 
  goddamn it , that is a fine chunk of wood . 
  time . 
  let me answer with a question : how do * you * know god even exists ? 
  the burden of proof lies there , given the premise for your question demands that if there is no answer , god is your answer . 
  on december 28th , 2008 i was in a bad accident , and lost about 2 litres of blood from a serious wound in my leg . 
  i was sure i was going to die . 
  luckily my main artery was not cut , and i managed to pull through . 
  my main thoughts during the whole ordeal was i was devastated my parents would have to bury their son . 
  my other main `` distress '' was that i had no children at the time , and that my genes , so to speak , would end with me . 
  it sounds weird , but that was it . 
  no `` tunnel '' , no light , no nothing . 
  just despair . 
  the outcome was a newfound zest for life , i ` ve since gone on to try to accomplish my goals , try new things , become less close minded . 
  i married my wife after , and we went on to have two beautiful daughters . 
  everything can be taken from you in an instant , you have no idea . 
  you have to live life to the fullest . 
  that is what i took from it . 
  i was an atheist during all this , and i still am . 
  get in the shower and wash that troll stink off right now !, 
  confusing system . 
  what if one of those cars hit somebody . 
  i would have a hard time being a witness going `` yeah , it was one of the two black teslas i saw with the same plate , officer '' . 
  this could easily have been the monster in a japanese horror film . 
  same type of losers that would be neo-nazis . 
  maybe they already are . 
  not the point , yeah ? 
  no , i said * they 're the kind of losers that would be neo-nazis * . 
  i know . 
  i was making a point anout these guys being fucking losers , like nazis clearly are . 
  great publicity for olympiakos , go to an away game , get the shit beaten out of you by riot police . 
  it happened at a match at your ground , innit ? 
  if this happened at the etihad , i would make the same argument . 
  indeed , but this little thread went off because of my * wording * , not the argument i put forth . 
  extremists from both sides of the political spectrum can be equally cunty . 
  sometimes commenting in / r/soccer is like arguing with fucking 13 year olds . 
  all right . 
  our cops are mostly like security guards , so i 'm not used to these para military types . 
  oh , you 're here too . 
  great, 
  grants pass , oregon . 
  so they pack the merchandise really well , is that it ? 
  yes , in the movie they go through the story in great detail . 
  whats your company name ? 
  what town do you work out of ? 
  at what typical venues in holland do you put up shows ? 
  ask darren ferguson how it feels to live up ( or be compared ) to dad . 
  not to be a party pooper or anything , but that 's a really * weak * tattoo . 
  you ca n't see the lines and the image is just bleeding into the background . 
  * you do n't have what it takes to be ink master *, 
  hi mr. 
  idle , thanks for the laughs !, 
  do you have a favorite guitar ? 
  yes , i ` m sure he made a mere pittance at marseille and arsenal . 
  pocket change , really . 
  that ajax team from 1995 pretty much all became superstars after winning the champions league . 
  well , all except winston bogarde . 
  incredible how fast these things happen . 
  prey on the weak ? 
  take money from the ones that require care ? 
  no , i fucking would n't . 
  it 's called * ethics * , and some people have no clue what it is . 
  some people ca n't be bought . 
  deal with it . 
  alexander the great by iron maiden, 
  go read a history book and get back to me . 
  winston , `` king of the bench '' . 
  indeed . 
  noel is a victim of his personality . 
  people pay so much attention to the stuff he says , instead of giving him credit for his songwriting . 
  the man has a knack for mastering the `` hook '' , and that 's not easy . 
  i think he 's brilliant . 
  what you should take out of this is : do not listen to what carra says . 
  swans , king dude , neurosis , the secret , rick astley . 
  squidward approves . 
  you * always * bring your own cymbals and snare if borrowing a kit . 
  can we have some original ideas from hollywood , please ? 
  of course , did it on my bmx as a kid , still do it now on the ol' dirty sv . 
  i have two toddlers , so making it to the movies ai n't no option sadly . 
  yup !, 
  more importantly : where can i get a suit like that ? 
  i thought your fingernails were its teeth . 
  i puked a little in my mouth . 
  every arsenal first team player is the best in their position for arsenal . 
  fact . 
  but ... they are vikings !, 
  polar bears roam the streets !, 
  have i been taught the wrong things ? 
  what about the appenzeller ? 
  cowboys ? 
  unrelated : the guy on the right is the * most american looking * dude ever .
