  i was set up on a date with this girl , and when we met she knew way too much about me in advance . 
  like my brothers names , why i broke off with my ex , etc. 
  it was pretty obvious she had done a lot of research ( this was pre-internet - the 90 's ) , and i was creeped out about it . 
  i did n't go well . 
  she kept calling me afterward , and i literally had to tell her to stop calling me . 
  eventually she got the hint , but it took way too long . 
  upvotes are good . 
  i kinda did this , but with music . 
  i was in a band , we got signed , and i basically lived like a bum for ten years doing punk rock touring , living the * dream * . 
  the end result , you ask ? 
  well i 'm 38 , we have two kids and i 'm in an entry level job , after having to live from hand to mouth for years . 
  it 's been a struggle , but it 's been awesome too . 
  great memories , i 've seen the world and i have more stories than you would care to listen to . 
  be prepared to sacrifice a lot do follow your dreams , but by all means - * do it * if that 's what you wan na do . 
  just be prepared for the concequences . 
  it 's not easy getting back to `` normal life '' . 
  well , for me it was !, 
  i did n't even have a computer until the early 2000 's ... 
  it definately was . 
  maybe even costanza-y . 
  i know !, 
  nowadays people know all that stuff from facebook , but back then with stuff like that ? 
  you would have had to ask somebody that knows me , and this girl was kinda random . 
  just a friend of a friend , really . 
  i just kept thinking `` i 'm going to be locked in a basement , are n't i. . . '', 
  that 's some next level standup material you got there , bro . 
  we are fickle by nature . 
  yes . 
  oldie , but goodie . 
  i double dipped once . 
  that guacamole was * fantastico * . 
  never . 
  my point was merely that it 's taken it 's toll , both financially and in regards to being `` behind '' in certain walks of life , like careers and shit like that . 
  i never really cared about those things anyway , but since i have two little girls now , i need to put food on the table and a roof over our heads . 
  i guess if we did n't have children , i would 've just kept on playing music full time . 
  islay whiskies are my favorites . 
  i like them all , but somehow the laphroaig 10 just speaks to me . 
  since life is meaningless , part of being a man is making your own purpose . 
  how to tie a windsor knot . 
  how would you define happiness ? 
  my definition of happiness is * freedom * and the possibilities that lies within being free to make my own choices . 
  every single person on earth will answer differently to this question . 
  what qualities make a person successful in life ? 
  to follow your inner voice , and not succumb to the daily grind . 
  what qualities make a person a good person ? 
  a person that genuinely cares about people and actively seeks to make a difference in peoples lives . 
  are there any absolute or objective standards of right and wrong ? 
  if so , what are they ? 
  apart from not hurting people ? 
  no , there are n't . 
  at this point , what is the highest priority of your life ? 
  to remain on this earth long enough to provide for my family . 
  hopefully another 40 odd years . 
  if someone asked you to explain to them your philosophy of life ( what you live by ) , what would you say ? 
  what reasons would you give to justify your answer ? 
  `` do what you want , as long as you dont hurt other people '' . 
  justifiable by logic . 
  what is your view concerning the existence of god or the nature of ultimate reality ? 
  what reasons would you give to justify your answer ? 
  god is a lie created by cunning people to control other people . 
  then it all got out of hand . 
  justifiable by history . 
  in your view , what is the most basic , fundamental human problem ? 
  is there a solution to the most basic human problem ? 
  if so , what is it ? 
  generosity . 
  if you knew you could get the answer to one question in your life , what would the question be ? 
  what is love ? 
  baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me , no more . 
  vehicles, 
  very appropriate username vs. comment by the way !, 
  tailgaters . 
  no , but a $ 10k car compared to the $ 25k car is what i 'm thinking about . 
  you do n't se many old daewoos out there . 
  old volvos on the other hand ... because the volvo is well built . 
  thanks , man !, 
  if somebody touched my children ... 
  they dead . 
  by being interesting , handsome and confident in spite of having no talent , looks or real achievements . 
  hubris will get you far , my young padawan . 
  `` i do n't wan na sleep '' ( age 4 ), 
  no more tires get rotated . 
  actors that `` play an instrument '' generally look like they 're holding a live chicken and really do n't know what to do with it . 
  should i put it down , does it bite , will it poop ? 
  amazing . 
  shat the bed . 
  long story . 
  you obviously don ` t listen to snoop dizzle, 
  only fools be caught , yo, 
  oh , you ` re one of those ... 
  obviously that depends on who ` s doing it . 
  james morrison suddenly made my * top 10 best players of all time * list . 
  bigots everywhere are in shock . 
  the rest of the world pretty much go `` well , that took a while '' . 
  darwin would nod approvingly . 
  free bird . 
  saves you the request later . 
  i do this too . 
  it usually dries over night . 
  `` crossfitters : walk on the mat and we will show you something called cross choke '',
