  i enjoyed * less than zero * a lot . 
  i like the way it portays bleak , cold and emotionless people . 
  not so much dystopian society , but the deeply disturbing detached humanity . 
  i like everything bret easton ellis has written . 
  i certainly think fabregas should be on this list , zola as well . 
  i could also argue for james milner and gareth barry . 
  petr cech and david james should be on there as well , and let 's not forget teddy sheringham . 
  but that 's just like my opinion , man . 
  statistically , yes . 
  well 80s , but still, 
  that is an absolute steal, 
  loved imperial bedrooms , lunar park too . 
  i 've read everything he 's written . 
  obviously american psycho is his most well known work , but i would start somewhere else like imperial bedrooms . 
  `` sorry , that was my wife . '', 
  ftfy, 
  that 's a very unfunny reply from you , karl . 
  i expected more . 
  i have one question : how has your social life changed over those 7 years ? 
  i 've only been on the wagon for four months but i 've already noticed a lot of changes . 
  my phone is almost dead , whereas it would go off at all times before . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised at how many of my * friends * have stopped calling . 
  i 'm also felling less social , kinda like the hermit thing you described . 
  but in a weird way i feel more self assured and have less anxiety ( i have som issues with that ) . 
  it 's like i do n't `` need '' people in the same way . 
  and it 's very liberating . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  yeah , agreed, 
  neidaland literally means `` oh , never mind land '' in norwegian . 
  well , you need slayer in your life . 
  it 's not racism if it 's clever , is it . 
  proof is a word . 
  he needs first team action asap . 
  a quote is fine , what 's the source ? 
  well , that 's not fair play at all . 
  horrible if it 's true . 
  well , like i said in another comment : if it 's true , then it 's horribel and not fair play at all . 
  discraceful , really . 
  well , , after reading the article on a subject i 'd never heard about i decided i was wrong . 
  that 's called making an informed decision . 
  are you 14 ? 
  and an internet tough guy ? 
  two more failed rappers going mental for mohammed, 
  why would they get a pass because of their language ? 
  littering, 
  well trolls turn to stone in daylight so watch it . 
  one for the old days, 
  really ? 
  which one ? 
  i love your spelling !, 
  your mullet really matches your cutoffs !, 
  til !, 
  how did you get her to pose for this ? 
  are you a wizard ? 
  jesus , this is tedious, 
  this is reddit , yeah ? 
  sushi, 
  and 1300 ` donvotes from taiwanese rags supporters, 
  when i was stabbed . 
  my advice is leave it alone . 
  my entire family is pentecostal . 
  i just do n't discuss religion or politics with any of them . 
  survival tactics , basically . 
  you 're not going to change their minds , they have to do it themselves . 
  most of them wo n't . 
  fair play to him . 
  time heals all wounds , kid . 
  not voting is also vote for trump . 
  yuss, 
  ouch, 
  ask gareth bale, 
  post match interviews will be entertaining this year . 
  many . 
  it 's a part of growing older to grow apart . 
  totally natural . 
  invisible when no ones looking, 
  til pep is the new england manager . 
  i had a different impression , but i must 've been wrong . 
  of course not , this is r/soccer !, 
  bacon, 
  8 mil for a player with one good season used to be a lot . 
  shocker . 
  he 'll go for tony hibbert and leon osman on free transfers soon . 
  by godlike power , you mean fictional non-existant power ? 
  i 'll just keep on keepin on . 
  i have to dodge idiot cyclists daily , veering thru traffic changing from the street , the sidewalk , bikelane over crosswalks etc. 
  there 's been near hits many times , just last month i got into a very heated debate with this spandex clad moron who just changed lanes literally one foot in front of me , making me have to swerve to not hit him . 
  seems he thought my 400lbs bike and the 250lbs guy on top of it would stop on a penny . 
  me too bud , going on 2 years ( but not 5 times a week though ) . 
  two stripe white represent !, 
  that 's not how it works , jose . 
  we hate united , mate . 
  or , ousmane dabo ? 
  this reminds me of beavis and butthead singing along to it . 
  angles, 
  it sucks that you had to deal with those douche toddlers at your old gym . 
  it 's 2016 . 
  ~ ~ real madrid ~ ~ hull city ftfy, 
  catholicism, 
  look : i 'm not going to pretend i know why , but most eastern european guys i know are pretty homophobic .
