  i swear , this one guy is going to hurt me any day now . 
  just last week , he kneed me in the face during drills ... jeez . 
  just jeez . 
  all isis albums . 
  their psycho-meter . 
  lets say on a 1-100 scale . 
  do you even go outside ? 
  do you know what a tree house is ? 
  oh , you, 
  it 's even in the bible !, 
  in book of ezekiel 1:38 it says : `` thou shalt choke thy douchebag training partner and reveal his inner bitch '' . 
  please , please , please , please , please , please !, 
  is the un just going to allow this to happen ? 
  america . 
  oh , no he did n't . 
  history , man . 
  got ta repeat it !, 
  the road by cormac mccarthy , quite the dystopian read . 
  also : falling man , by don delillo , about the aftermath on 9/11 . 
  the only other cormac book i 've read is cities on the plain . 
  is the last of us a must read ? 
  a friend of mine is gay , but still closeted and thinks we do n't know . 
  music . 
  especially * weird * underground music on vinyl . 
  you understand what other people are capable of doing . 
  violent thugs , rapists , killers , morons ... 
  you are bombarded ( pun ) by information . 
  that 's the major difference . 
  not mainstream . 
  embraces do-it-yourself ethics . 
  i 'll give you examples from vastly different genres :, 
  young widows ( * indie * ) , trap them ( * metal * ) , wovenhand ( * alt . 
  country * ) , king dude ( * doomy folk * ), 
  fuck yes . 
  because i want * her * to make that choice herself . 
  i do n't wan na put her in an awkward place . 
  really ? 
  whatever, 
  i ca n't even do the fist-bump thing right . 
  pretty much any slayer record . 
  i 've played all of them so many times , i pretty much know all the fills , words and breaks . 
  my wife has awesome footage she filmed of a drunk me at a slayer show air drumming while screaming the lyrics and circle headbanging the whole time . 
  i look like i need professional help . 
  love this . 
  what a great idea for a big tattoo !, 
  pretty much all of bret easton ellis ' work fits that bill , that is if you want to read about yuppie assholes . 
  exactly !, 
  sorry dudes , i 'm too embarrassed by it . 
  slappin da baaas . 
  the categorical imperative ? 
  my moral code is : do what you want , as long as you 're not hurting others . 
  tl : dr : do n't be a dick . 
  this wo n't be an issue for you in another two years or so , then ... 
  i played with barbies when i was a kid . 
  but i set up barbie and ken in these sexual posisions , and my girl cousins told on me and my mother yelled at me and then we had to go home . 
  but i 'm straight . 
  amen ( irony ), 
  why ca n't atheists just say ` we do n't know ' rather than turn to something as ridiculous as proving nature 's laws with physics . 
  i consciously or unconsciously play around with several riffs at the same time , usually forget some of them - some improve by accident and some are forgotten only to resurface later as parts of other ideas . 
  i also tend to record guitar parts on my laptop camera , because i ca n't read music , and i do n't know what the chords are called . 
  then i hum na na na vocal melodies over them . 
  some ideas merge together naturally , and some need input from band members . 
  then , when we have a verse-chorus-verse etc. 
  progression , i write the words . 
  i do this during exams . 
  i drum on tables ( and everything else ) with my hands . 
  it bugs me when other people ( who are not drummers ) do it , because * most people * have no sense of rythm . 
  i 'm not talking about dancing though , i 'm talking about drumming . 
  have you noticed that whenever he 's not in the peppers , their popularity goes down , but the second he 's back ? 
  top of the world , ma !, 
  that guy was me . 
   score a goal in fifa, 
  score a goal in fifa ? 
  looks like somebody shat in the kiddie pool . 
  upvote for the siouxie poster, 
  a $ 100 + car will make getting around * way * easier . 
  girls are just as horny as you are . 
  shes late for everything . 
  every-fucking-thing . 
  the ol' master and servant dynamic, 
  go to a bar , order a good bloody mary , light a cigar . 
  enjoy your moment . 
  $ 100 + , the + is really important, 
  you and me both, 
  shut up , dad, 
  + , + man ... you se the + there ? 
  i just told you !, 
  i 've never heard of a hot girl `` asking for it '' . 
  you must live in some fairytale land . 
  maybe fiteen years ago , i was really broke , and needed cigarettes * bad * . 
  i was walking home from a friends house , and a random thought suddenly hit me `` look down '' . 
  i swear , right there on the ground , was just enough money to buy smokes . 
  kind of freaked me out . 
  no , i give gifts to the old man who lives in the shed . 
  a girl i had a serious crush on in high school made me come with her . 
  we were at a big outside party , drunk as shit , and i thought i was going to get it on . 
  she proceeded to guide me to a small wood thicket . 
  i was getting hard at this point thinking * oh my god , outside sex ... * then she sqatted down and took a shit . 
  the rock band twisted sister, 
  imagination .
