  gets raped and murdered . 
  must be nice to know * everything * , right ? 
  2016 : people want cred for writing a capital letter by hand . 
  finish college . 
  thanks very much , as im only an inch taller than you - tracker bars would be the way to go . 
  considering you lot paid 20m for markovic , 17m for aquilani and fucking 35m for carroll , id say we did you a favor and let you make some of that money back . 
  drumphs hair looks like a sentient being . 
  its the hair that controls him . 
  his hair has a name , but what is it ? 
  without metallica there would be no slipknot . 
  cause and effect . 
  early metallica ( pre load ) slays all . 
  that is fucked up in all directions . 
  you think she wouldve gotten a pass if she had hit a pedestrian ? 
  exactly, 
  the macken goal that won us that 3-4 against spurs . 
  when was it 2004 ? 
  still sends shivers down my spine . 
  brooklyn 99 . 
  silly season starts early this year, 
  scholes . 
  look at my flair . 
  its still scholes . 
  well the mls doesnt really count . 
  right , americans ? 
  well , the article is pretty spot on . 
  by the way : yayas birthday is one week away . 
  want to chip in for a cake ? 
  and especially the early stuff . 
  the early . 
  brendan canty of fugazi . 
  i dont count wot mate ? 
  repeat the same procedure and expect a different outcome . 
  ( my friend and his history with women ) . 
  dunk rock . 
  my dunking abilities severly improved after hearing dunk rock . 
  don ` t get drunk at the office party . 
  ever . 
  clearly alanis morrisette . 
  she was a singer in the nineties , kids . 
  top 86 % indeed !, 
  what goes around comes around , you know . 
  one can only hope every copy gets read by the whole family . 
  `` nice sweater '' . 
  i think nathan redmond could make it at a bigger club . 
  jack grealish obviously has potential , but a lot to prove . 
  ayoze perez would be good as well . 
  1,91 m tall . 
  comfy on my t100 . 
  anybody have a clue what those bars are ? 
  if i have football manager ? 
  just fine . 
  i thought that our love was so special i felt we had to involve the government somehow . 
  the exorsist . 
  still is . 
  skateboarding, 
  he 's very very good though . 
  with whom ? 
  the number 7 is now short for borossia dortmund . 
  from now on , you just say `` 7 '' and we all know what club it is . 
  real madrid . 
  and just being cunts in general . 
  what , you mean `` 7 '' ? 
  fancy a big lad in central midfield ? 
  only 15 million quid . 
  just remember to buy him cake , for the love of god buy him cake and you 're fine . 
  i said leicester, 
  every day mate, 
  master raft builder and adventurer . 
  nobody 's saying andy carroll ? 
  its incredible that in 2016 people can not understand this is something that includes 10 % of the population in some way or another . 
  ( google kinsey reports ) . 
  if statistics are anything to go by ( they are ) , approx . 
  10 % of premiership footballers are gay or bi , which would constitute that in 20 squads of 25 players ( the premiership counts 500 registered 1st team players ) theres * statistically * 50 players that are either gay or bi . 
  edit : there will always be ` * variation * within a group , so there might be * a fraction less * gay pl players - but ultimately in a selection of people as large as 500 individuals that * variation * becomes less important as the tendency is more or less the same in the whole population . 
  that means : theres a chance ( gasp ) that you have one or more gay players on your team . 
  shocker . 
  look at their hair , mate . 
  aaight ? 
  granit, 
  what rule did i break ? 
  lens actually won the ligue 1 in 1998 . 
  that 's where liverpool got smicer from if y' all remember him . 
  marc vivien foe was in that team as well . 
  someone give him another 8 year contract . 
  great job by sparky selling sturridge and keeping benjani, 
  this is a story about that one time i parked beside a lake and took a picture of my bonnie . 
  i was fucking awesome . 
  as long as i stay sober it will heal itself . . everything will probably be fine . . 
  it will take time though . 
  no i do n't know . 
  i have to do checkups every three months to monitor my levels . 
  thank you, 
  that sounds dramatic !, 
  thank you !, 
  joe cole, 
  the four players born north of the wall wo n't concede a single goal on their watch . 
  good point !, 
  that is a steal, 
  if mike ashley buys the team , i think it would do wonders for their chances .
