  reading the book makes you * make you own movie * in your head . 
  if you 're capable . 
  i too quit 8 years ago by reading this book . 
  my trick is too imagine that each cigarette has a $ 15000 price tag on it . 
  that is what the average smoker spends if they start smoking again . 
  that way , if i ever feel like lighting up , i see this huge price tag and go - * nope ! * . 
  i 've been smoke free for 8 years now . 
  years later ... yes, 
  we actually met again 5-6 years after high school and dated for a while . 
  great sex , but it ended with her cheating on me by having a threesome with two other dudes . 
  not someone you take home to mommy . 
  idk whos more crazy , the guy with the 15 year old stool sample , or the guy requesting it . 
  i guess theres about 5000 people right now in insane asylums claiming to be some kind of messiah . 
  take your pick . 
  neither . 
  it ' s genre defining , completely original and a masterful switch on rock 'n' roll . 
  have you compared these record to their contemporaries ? 
  they were blowing minds and making music nobody had heard before . 
  without sabbath there would be no * metal * as we know it . 
  all hail sabbath !, 
  love it . 
  normally i do n't like flying , but last time i was on one of these , i followed the flightpath flying in when we landed , and had no issued what so ever . 
  normally that 's my least favorite time on a flight . 
  i have no comeback for this . 
  one goatee away from being an extra in the movie * singles *, 
  that ginger cat is trying tap tap itself out . 
  wow , that 's really clean !, 
  where is your shop ? 
  so am me, 
  nice . 
  i 'm in europe , but you never know ... 
  she 's a saint, 
  last two paragraphs sum it up :, 
  `` what do groups like isis and al-qaeda and even hamas want ? 
  they want to impose their religious views on the rest of humanity . 
  they want stifle every freedom that decent , educated , secular people care about . 
  this is not a trivial difference . 
  and yet judging from the level of condemnation that israel now receives , you would think the difference ran the other way . 
  this kind of confusion puts all of us in danger . 
  this is the great story of our time . 
  for the rest of our lives , and the lives of our children , we are going to be confronted by people who do n't want to live peacefully in a secular , pluralistic world , because they are desperate to get to paradise , and they are willing to destroy the very possibility of human happiness along the way . 
  the truth is , we are all living in israel . 
  it 's just that some of us have n't realized it yet . '', 
  realizing that most people in this world are utterly stupid and backward . 
  and i 'm not even smart myself . 
  for me it was always a question of economy , i could n't afford the nicko mcbrain size kit , although i wanted one when i started out . 
  then i discovered punk , and * all * the punk drummers were playing 4 piece kits with minimal cymbals , and i followed the pack so to speak . 
  then i got used to it . 
  now i play my standard 4 piece , wth a 20 '' crash , and a 22 '' ride and 14 '' hats . 
  that 's enough for me . 
  til : nathanjo _ is a smart ass !, 
  homer simpson and peter griffin, 
  well i 've posted something about this incident before , but here goes ... 
  a girl i had a serious crush on in high school made me come with her . 
  we were at this big outside party , we were making out , heavy petting - drunk as shit , and i thought i was going to get it on . 
  she proceeded to guide me to a small wood thicket . 
  i was getting hard at this point thinking oh my god , oh my god , outside sex ... 
  then she sqatted down and took a shit . 
  nirvana was my favorite band growing up , and i still think about the great music we were robbed of by his death . 
  if you think you 're having a bad day - have a beer !, 
  hell , have three !, 
  do not tailgate . 
  let 's flip the coin : how many people regret having sex too soon and losing their virginity to some douchecanoe , just because * you were supposed to ? 
  i use `` my random '' occationally . 
  ted haggard , homophobe , drug hating pastor . 
  turned out to be a gay meth user . 
  i think that goes for us guys too . 
  tree of life . 
  cerebral film that catches the essence of the human condidition . 
  `` this here movie describes folks good '', 
  yes !, 
  no phones , you stayed put and waited for people to show . 
  that meant you also got to know other people . 
  also , nobody `` phoneblocked '' you . 
  has anybody seen him play in real life ? 
  to base your whole life , moral compass and your lifes ultimate goal on a 2000 year old , mistranslated , contradictory and unrealistic text . 
  my father suffers from this . 
  he knows * everything *, 
  faith is the failure of logic , then, 
  well , i guess i was wrong . 
  that makes it completely valid . 
  i 'm religious now . 
  how about an hour ? 
  otherwise she just has your dick in her mouth, 
  initiate sex . 
  do it !, 
  your trash goes * in the bin * , not on the ground . 
  recycling is easy too : paper goes in the bin marked `` paper '' , foods in `` foods '' and plastic in `` plastic '' . 
  also , you do n't throw all the paper with the plastic bag you carried it in . 
  you empty the bag in the `` paper '' , then throw the bag in `` plastic '' . 
  very few of the folks in my building understand this . 
  lemon juice dissolves most burnt food in a saucepan, 
  earth . 
  good soil . 
  ahhhhh, 
  except that you had to turn the record ( s ) 4 times . 
  pour , let it set for 5 minutes , then scrub . 
  oh , you mean single ? 
  this is only an issue in * one * country . 
  * gold * the abba greatest hits record .
