  i 'm definately one of the bigger guys at the gym , and see your point . 
  i should cross train ( which i do n't ) , and get a healthier diet for sure . 
  i 'll look into the vitamins too . 
  i too think i 'm getting sick * way * too often ... 
  thanks !, 
  yup . 
  i have a feeling they might be a little sloppy on the mat cleaning . 
  thing is , i do n't know what the cleaning policy is up there . 
  i will definately ask now . 
  a guy was trying to triangle me and accidentally smacked me with his heel right behind my ear . 
  it did n't seem that bad until i started a vicious nosebleed and laid out later in the evening with the worst headache . 
  no , i 'm just kinda * red * where it was , right in the hairline . 
  not what my doctor said , but hey . 
  i should get down to 200 lbs for sure . 
  thanks , man . 
  the ankle was a botched takedown , the concussion a bothched triangle where he smacked me behind the ear with his heel . 
  same blue belt guy did both !, 
  that 's it , leicester is in the champions league next season, 
  must be nice to have all the answers . 
  hespetch !, 
  sure , i hear ya . 
  t'was more a comment on the whole second impact concussion thing , which is pretty bad . 
  simple game theory : do nothing and risk that climate change is real ( oops , too late - we done fucked up - whoops my house just went down the river and my kids ca n't breathe . ), 
  or : do something now * just in case * , and we 're good no matter what happens . 
  risk minimizing is well worth it when the stakes is the sustainable future of the very planet you and further generations rely on . 
  it says `` two number five , one extra chili '' . 
  your assertion was : politics are exaggerating environmental issues . 
  both game theory and pascals wager can be utilized to support the claim that we should do * something * toward saving the planet . 
  you focussing on * method * rather than argument kindly suggests you 're running out of fuel , metaphorically speaking . 
  mine is `` gasmine '', 
  and i produce vast amounts of it as well . 
  who will win the world cup in 2022 , ya ' think ? 
  well , im going to disappoint you two times now : 1 ) its as simple as that . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  2 ) im not american , im euro , but you guys can use your failing automobile industry as an example of how you are not paying enough attention to the changes in the global market . 
  renewable resources , alternative energy , etc. 
  is the future and the us is falling behind . 
  imagine the competition you will face when well educated techno savvy india will attain the buying power you have now , not to mention china . 
  you can cry all you want about the us economy until you realize , its the new * global * economy and market yall should be paying attention to . 
  the rest of the world aready is . 
  the us did not sign the kyoto agreement , but you did now in paris . 
  hopefully that signifies a change for your backward , oil dependant , proto-conservative government . 
  have you seen the oslo operahouse ? 
  camilla disapproves, 
  4th floor is the serial killer, 
  what kinda gun ? 
  what do you think is the coolest about having a gun ? 
  pro tip : if you sit on your left hand for 10 minutes until it goes numb , then jack off with your eyes closed , you 've given yourself a `` handsome stranger '' . 
  i 'd smoke 95 % less weed and finished my degree . 
  holy macaroni ( long shot ), 
  how many apples can fit inside an empty box ? 
  haha !, 
  just saw !, 
  point taken !, 
  you smoked dicks for your degree ? 
  all righty then, 
  `` burger factory '' - cow, 
  the inquisition ? 
  rude . 
  god gave her that money . 
  shrimp, 
  mr.roth , you 've played sepp blatter , but what team do you support ? 
  i play the gastank like a drum at red lights . 
  i sing in my helmet . 
  and i curse out drivers . 
  a lot . 
  how do you know ? 
  exactly, 
  i reddit and weep, 
  it ' s only your unborn mummified twin screaming from their stony grave inside your head . 
  if it 's a religious family : the god delusion . 
  when did rectagular become octagonal ? 
  are * you * the wizard ? 
  tell me . 
  banter is a useful real life skill i 've implemented into my lunch break every day . 
  it 's almost as if the real premiership turned into one of my crazy fm seasons where villa and chelsea get relegated and leicester win it . 
  let other people smarter than you rate your intelligence . 
  motivation matters . 
  i 've had jobs with horrible bosses , and that makes you go * meh * in regards to work motivation . 
  on the other hand , i 've had great bosses that make you work * with * them and you work harder to attain a goal . 
  it 's too easy to blame the players . 
  now , i do n't know jose mourinho . 
  i do n't know what t 's like working for him . 
  but given his track record , it seems he wears people out . 
  just a thought . 
  because * change you can believe in * turned out to be `` not a thing is changed '' . 
  i 'm not american btw . 
  intelligence . 
  when you get in those banterful/play fight discussions . 
  bonerz . 
  i 'm sure / r/scotch would find this interesting, 
  i 've been known to * accidentally * typed in `` youporn '' in my google bar . 
  i obviously meant to type you * tube * . 
  my point exactly . 
  hey bud , i have two girls and i 've been where you are . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  i 'm sure most dads have felt this way , i 'm sure i have * many * times , sometimes for months at a time . 
  my wife and i have gone thru some of the best and worst times since having our kids , but it gets better . 
  you just have to swim trough some serious troubled waters first . 
  i 'm sorry to say , it will probably get worse before it gets better .
