  shoes . 
  imagine outliving all your loved ones , the essence of time making your memories flow together and eventually everything becoming a haze . 
  i would find a solitary place in nature and live off the land , becoming one with the earth , knowing what it could give and provide . 
  i would be free , but i would at the same time be haunted with the fact that i could never connect with anyone without having to lose them eventually . 
  it would be a beautiful hell . 
  you mean , smaaaht ? 
  bought moonshine off a polish truck driver . 
  i did n't want to kiss the bosses ass . 
  im allergic to ass . 
  no , went back to school . 
  im in school now . 
  tailgating, 
  do n't be a douche . 
  pretty much sums it up . 
  part of the bliss of stupidity is not knowing , right ? 
  i think i 'm stupid !, 
  well , thats my point !, 
  it is !, 
  love that colour, 
  if i like a girl i tell her, 
  do you mean man cave ? 
  you mean man cave , right ? 
  where is it . 
  i need one . 
  whatever floats your boat man , i wo n't drink with you today, 
  no its the british english , theres no such thing as an * european * spelling . 
  stranger in a strange lan ? 
  patience, 
  dealing with the droll mass of bodies that make up * grown ups * in general . 
  no , i 'm not interested in gardening , mate . 
  i still listen to slayer . 
  that would be james earl jones - darth vader, 
  not backpacking in the nineties , before it was cool, 
  he was amazing in eastern promises, 
  yeah , and he does seem to make sure to do what he wants , like riding around the world on a motorcycle . 
  and down africa a little later . 
  plus dude has 4-5 kids . 
  this is the only right answer . 
  we should crowdfund him . 
  i wan na see what this gentleman can do !, 
  hand in your notice , give them enough time to replace you . 
  as per usual with any form of ending employment , this should be no problem . 
  everybody knows it 's nigel reo-coker , mate . 
  let it go . 
  i do n't . 
  but i have panic attacks , does that help ? 
  my mind . 
  jack black forming a duo with jack white . 
  the white d. 
  boom, 
  fyi the `` punk look '' was * invented * by fashion designer malcom mclaren . 
  it is , and it 's always been , a pose . 
  this guy gets it . 
  * glided * , like what ? 
  lubed up ? 
  well , theres andy and dave . 
  and sheila down by the shops , and freddy in portsmouth . 
  so , four then . 
  football, 
  cheers !, 
  entitlement, 
  andy !, 
  dave !, 
  freddy !, 
  pay attention !, 
  there were some really bad tackles in that game , gutted for coleman , but the ref lost control long before that . 
  on my 5th iphone , very much looking forward to hearing what androids do better . 
  i hate my iphone . 
  i find i go to closed guard a lot . 
  i 'm about rogers size ( 6 ' 3 '' , 250 ) , and i find the `` basics '' work very well for me . 
  from closed , i guess your standard scissor sweep is my go to . 
  then from whatever i get , i tend to work for some kind of collar choke or americana , maybe arm bar if i get top . 
  all done with as much pressure i can give . 
  alternatively , try to get their back like you said . 
  or a triangle or arm bar from closed . 
  im old , big and slow so i find the `` first weeks stuff '' still works the best . 
  would n't call it a `` game '' , but that 's it . 
  `` want to invest in your health ? 
  '' , `` tired of not getting real profit from your work out ? 
  '' , `` want to exchange your effort in to real life currency ? '', 
  well , look no further !, 
  here at the gym bank you will find social capital , solid investment in yourself and long term profits !, 
  you can take that to the bank !, 
  stupidity and entitlement . 
  well , that 's all good . 
  but strictly speaking that was your grandparents . 
  looking at the current political environment , we would have to see if that alliance would be honored . 
  lets hope so !, 
  i think the rest of europe would disagree . 
  i 'm 99 % sure you have an identity . 
  he already knows . 
  no , my country was invaded in wwii . 
  you 're sure you 're going to continue being the only super power ? 
  god . 
  logic . 
  that would depend on a lot of different factors . 
  are they fit ? 
  as in : in shape ? 
  have they been together for a long time ? 
  a short time ?
