  john wayne bobbit , the guy whose dick got cut off, 
  same wage as yaya reportedly, 
  what are you guys having for lunch ? 
  here , dimitri , this is a bottle of detergent . 
  you just shat all over your pants . 
  just had a tuna sandwich . 
  amazing . 
  just the tip , mate . 
  it 's 6 ' 1 '' , but what an inch between friends . 
  this will get buried , but we were crap today . 
  aguero should 've scored two more , jesus navas ca n't cross the ball . 
  clichy was ball watching . 
  the subs came on too late to make an impact , i 'm tearing out my hair over here . 
  credit to boro , valdes was amazing today . 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't for the life of me understand why he would kick out at forshaw like that . 
  he 's turning into a miserable fuck these days . 
  friend fouled kdb , did n't get a penalty . 
  referees name is friend . 
  illuminati exposed . 
  this has ** nothing ** to do with joe hart . 
  nothing . 
  found my valium . 
  61 % of icelanders live in rivendell . 
  nice . 
  come on . 
  neither joe nor willy would 've caught that . 
  now , clichy on the other hand ... 
  tour much ? 
  every band locks their trailer . 
  some scoundrels ever unhook trailers and drive off with the whole thing . 
  you ca n't watch your gear all of the time , if they want in , they 're getting in . 
  it 's a van . 
  source : i 've toured for 20 years . 
  only lost a guitar once . 
  sucks for beach slang , hope they 're insured . 
  some friends band had some german bikers `` help '' them load once , and they just walked off with their merch money . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  beat up hells angels in their town ? 
  yeah , and they would 've gotten into the trailer too ... what 's your point ? 
  if you have a crowbar you can smash a window , and you can break a lock . 
  either way your shit will be gone . 
  nice murder city devils shirt dude !, 
  you really , really wan na be right about this do n't you ? 
  get paid to browse reddit and take shits . 
  looking at history , i 'd say war , plagues and religion will do the job for us . 
  most bands that tour in a van ca n't afford `` extra security '' . 
  they can barely afford gas . 
  ai n't that the truth, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i 'm 40 too , with an office haircut , full beard and 90 % of the time i 'm wearing a hoodie , vans slip ons and jeans . 
  i 'm pretty sure op would 've called me a fake punk if i were at a punk rock show at some squat . 
  punk is not what you wear , it 's who you are . 
  relevant, 
  this is probably also seths sex face . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  putin is overjoyed by having this moron to contend with . 
  he has n't * done * anything , he wo n't take office on til january 20th , you well informed individual you . 
  take heart , you too can be president, 
  damn son , had a kind of same experience . 
  got stabbed in the leg , and when the paramedics cut open my jeans i had a pair of really worn out boxers on , and my balls were kinda hanging out . 
  i kept saying sorry to the girl paramedic even as the blood was gushing . 
  kids say the darndest things . 
  how to word a question . 
  finish college, 
  and thus much easier to court . 
  blondes * do * have more fun !, 
  billie jeen, 
  frozen chocolate cake . 
  eaten while still frozen . 
  a swiss army knife . 
  then i 'll just build what i need . 
  key to where though ? 
  i actually thought you were describing a life as a city supporter . 
  there 's plenty of women out there my friend . 
  so just what are you implying here ? 
  my form fitted ear plugs . 
  i 'm a musician , and i 've been away from them for months at a time on tour . 
  it sucks , and when they were infants you certainly felt that little bad feeling when they did n't feel quite as comfortable around you when you got back . 
  they preferred mommy . 
  but that 's just natural . 
  it gets easier ( and worse once they become sentient beings that miss you ) , and i have n't been touring that much lately . 
  it 's definitely a weird feeling , and i always feel like i 'm missing an arm or the like while away . 
  i 'm not really helping , am i. 
  depends what band i 'm in . 
  guitar or drums . 
  nice . 
  got a couple kits gathering dust myself . 
  it 's an old gretsch kit . 
  the hats are my old 14 '' paiste 505s . 
  they 're crap , but for this project we wanted crap sounds . 
  it 's a jangly indie band and that sound suits it great . 
  that left crash is a 20 '' sabian aax metal crash . 
  the rides are an old battered sabian 22 '' rock ride i think , with a spacer and a no name 20 '' cracked one on top . 
  stole that trick from questlove . 
  something in between a china , a dead ride and large hats . 
  chuck a tambourine on top and you 've got som cool percussion going on too . 
  i use 5b sticks . 
  i have no idea what the drum heads are . 
  i think the toms are 13 '' and 18 '' and the bass is a 24 '' .
