  do n't compromise . 
  and fuck the haters , they 're cowards sitting on the sidelines while you 're out there , making mistakes and learning . 
  that 's the beauty of life . 
  it 's a ride , but you got to get on it to feel the rush . 
  just stating the obvious . 
  cheers , no problem !, 
  its easy to lose focus , everyday life and the chaos of parenthood will take its toll . 
  luckily i found my greatest success in music only a year after the incident , and that project still continues today . 
  i try to remember every day how lucky i am to be alive , that i live in a peaceful city and that my life is pretty great . 
  look , im 40 years old . 
  grew up pentecostal . 
  my parents were the same . 
  as they grew older theyve softened up a bit , but dont hold your breath . 
  they are indoctrinated , brainwashed even . 
  i cant discuss religion or politics with my father do this day . 
  we blow up in seconds . 
  reading what you wrote your mother says is like hearing him speak . 
  im sorry , but the best thing you can do is build your own life and show her that you can lead a productive and fruitful existence without religion . 
  but most probably she will never acknowledge that . 
  please , no . 
  shawshank redemption, 
  what the actual fuck . 
  `` never go full retard '', 
  learn to play drums . 
  at least the guy is courteous and nice . 
  seems like a good dude . 
  last year i had a couple of teenage girls do the same move on me , and when i stopped they flipped me the bird and drove off . 
  tended bars for 8 years , if you snap your fingers at me you 're last in line . 
  if you whistle at me like i 'm a dog , you ai n't gettin nutn . 
  argue , youre out . 
  browse reddit, 
  turns out it 's a fairytale . 
  cult of luna . 
  it was really good . 
  a guitar, 
  surely joe allen is too good for celtic , no offense , but really - he is . 
  morata, 
  and is he better than johansen ? 
  because i 'm lazy . 
  give me the tl ; dr on the book please . 
  i read the stop smoking one and i 've quit for 10\u00a01/2 years now . 
  `` the truth '' aka you want a taste off the truth ? 
  cheers , mate . 
  this gives hope to me , a 40 year old fully employed family man with a withering career in rock music and a well worn white belt , to keep rolling the way i already do . 
  badly . 
  it idles at about 1000rpm , but sputters a little bit when cold . . maybe a tad lower . 
  traffic , stop/start for say 15 minutes . 
  i ride it everyday , and it has n't done this on the reg , just the two times . 
  byline : `` left has suicidal deathwish '' - stopped reading . 
  the headline coulve been : ** `` piss drunk woman gets date raped at frat party '' ** , happens every day . 
  nobody fucking reports it . 
  because the news are `` unbiased '' , right ? . 
  `` suicidal deathwish '' , my ass . 
  well fraternities are the nesting ground of future us politicians , so theres always that . 
  right there with you , brother !, 
  we both suck !, 
  villa being * that * shite . 
  whine on reddit . 
  real madrid have publicity agents as well . 
  shocker . 
  hopefully it comes with a title . 
  lord mourinho seems fitting to some . 
  abstain from religion, 
  franklin looks dismayed, 
  is n't he perma-crocked ? 
  this is much like when a clique of devout muslim guys in my jiu jitsu club chose to quit our club and form their own because the coach would n't let the pray on the mats . 
  religion just skewers perfectly normal situations and creates division and distance . 
  it 's like turning the clock backward . 
  unbelievable . 
  one of the other keys probably is that he trains so much that he actually needs to sleep that much . 
  oh , she 's just going to blow all his money away, 
  dortmund fans : why is tuchel letting him leave ? 
  from what i gather we are getting him rather cheap . 
  no chance alli , sterling and dier will start together . 
  milner will be in the xi , me thinks . 
  that is true, 
  now nasri , give him your number and get out . 
  i hate your guts . 
  always have . 
  go on , down vote me , i 'll stick a new pin in my nasri voodoo doll for every last one . 
  i really really do n't like nasri , though . 
  my opinion , right . 
  he just irks me . 
  his smug smile . 
  the cunty behavior for france . 
  why do you care ? 
  i hate nasri , ask anyone . 
  just finish college , asshole . 
  i have two panda 2.0 s. 
  the collar is medium stiff , but the pants * the pants * ... best pants ever !, 
  two keepers at the same time !, 
  proper support . 
  solid signing that, 
  warms my heart, 
  passing on the right is risky , we all know that . 
  he could n't invite 50 , it had to be 49 . 
  maybe he 's hangry , he should get som mexican food that is n't mexican food again . 
  england is going wo win the euros !!!, 
  my fucking neighbours, 
  everyone is different .
