  i know , i think it 's too late . 
  dude is 65 . 
  hot dang , that explanation aristotelian logic being inferior to god cracked me up, 
  get a second check up , dude . 
  internal damage can be hard to spot right away . 
  stand in front of her house for hours doing the `` wax on , wax off '' moves from karate kid . 
  60 % of the time , it works every time . 
  coleen must be chuffed, 
  i have two kids and that is the worst thing i could imagine . 
  in fact , i 'm trying to un-imagine it right now . 
  too much . 
  that was insane . 
  good on ya , glad you 're ok man . 
  `` the man who shook pine trees wearing only a shirt '', 
  numerous . 
  it 's a matter of taste , innit ? 
  one example ( from my taste ) the cure - disintegration . 
  nope, 
  calling people dickmonger is n't polite , mister . 
  ... it 's not that `` the missus wo n't let them ride '' , but with 2 kids ( i have 2 kids ) , you will find that * your available downtime * is cut down to about 1/10 of what you were used to . 
  you simply just ca n't do that weekend 500 mile ride more than once , twice per year anymore . 
  i commute on my bike , and do the occasional `` babe , i 'm just going out for a quick ride '' ( usually two hours ) . 
  that 's all i have time for with a 3 and 6 year old . 
  i completely agree , although this year in particular i 've only put about 2000 miles on my bike . 
  having a family ( with small children ) cuts down on riding , and in my case we 're building a house as well . 
  my first bike was a 2003 sv650 , and like you i bought it with about 20k miles on the clock and i doubled that in the 1,5 years i owned it . 
  st.elmo 's fire, 
  i imagine us buying him back from dortmund in , let 's say 3 years for 100 mil . 
  sound familiar ? 
  hi , were * nancy foreign-ball malarky * . 
  fancy a kick about ? 
  drinking alone to forget the bleakness of existence . 
  there are bears everywhere . 
  and lions . 
  coffee and a stout on the side . 
  a stout is a black flat beer , like guinness . 
  pep might have a different personality than pelle , but * shiiiit * , no manager in the world would n't rate sergio aguero . 
  utter nonsense . 
  so thaaaat 's what `` i 'll just have an angel shot '' is . 
  2017 : * the year all the loonies came out of the woodwork * . 
  honestly , i think this is a good thing . 
  if you dont have the mental fortitude to keep training if you 're not thrown a bone every other week , maybe bjj is n't for you ( not op , you got that ) . 
  a lot of what 's kept me going is the fact that i * know * i suck , and i need to get better at this thing . 
  the only way is to roll , and repeat . 
  i 've noticed white belts quitting because `` they felt '' they were supposed to get that stripe etc. 
  that 's not how it works . 
  bjj is measured on actual rolling merit . 
  so , in 99 % of cases you * know * that blue belt means you 've put in the hours and that you will probably be better than most white belts . 
  as opposed to a lot of other simulated martial arts , like taekwondo ( which i 've done for years before ) where you have * this belt * ( insert rank ) , but you 've never actually tested it in real life . 
  but you sure got it fast , and you have bragging rights . 
  does it hurt falling off high horses ? 
  thanks !, 
  you 're a great example for others , u/absentmindedapricot . 
  this guy answers questions , tries to explain , and most importantly : is not a douche about it . 
  take notes . 
  i have no evidence whatsoever , my main goal for this post was to have fun and let your mind wander , as you said . 
  dude , it 's a * thought experiment *, 
  sagna as * cover * for danny simpson , never thought i 'd read that sentence . 
  a lor of people are missing my point here . 
  i 'm not talking about the subjective , the `` self '' , me , whatever you want to call it waking up in a new body . 
  my thought experiment was simply : what if consciousness is a constant , like time and gravity that you `` log on to '' when you are born ? 
  in that effect we would all experience the future , as another manifestation of a conscious being . 
  thus we never die . 
  `` we '' ( as in any random human ) just continue sensing again and again , though the ages . 
  that was all . 
  besides , a lot of people here are * really * close minded . 
  not you , and not you . 
  and not you . 
  but you know who you are . 
  sweet lord , that thing is good looking . 
  i 'm talking about the bike , obviously . 
  you look good too , op , do n't get me wrong . 
  acai belt !, 
  why ? 
  to shit on bands ? 
  some people like this , others like that . 
  hell , some people even like take that . 
  the irish have been historically * great * at getting along . 
  not a conflict in sight for the last 500 years . 
  so good idea . 
  ramen , brother . 
  if people commit suicide from that building they will die faster than expected . 
  ( mitch hedberg ), 
  pissed off hipster ? 
  if you like your indie rock bleak , i would like to recommend gold class , from melbourne , aus . 
  their new record `` drum '' is fucking amazing . 
  get in shape , and stay in shape . 
  seriously . 
  the plantation was an * excellent * strategy / s, 
  the band wovenhand is one of my favorite bands . 
  they sing about many christian themes , and i think the singer is in a very strict church in colorado . 
  he was also in 16 horsepower , which i like just as much . 
  as a father of two little girls , i have a question for you . 
  what do you think the question is ? 
  as a 6 ' 3 '' blond guy , i wish someone had told me not to go to north africa in the off season in 2000 . 
  damn , son . 
  i got scammed , i got robbed , i got yelled at for being from where i 'm from , but all in all it was interesting . 
  an intelligent , educated , young individual . 
  preferably not from a wealthy background . 
  you 're real tough on the internet kiddo .
