ah , i see where i went wrong then . 
  i counted number of power plants that had been shut down ( 10 according to wikipedia ) , forgetting they had multiple reactors . 
  i believe the uk had quite a few research reactors , so it is probably the number of them that have shut down which have inflated the numbers . 
  ** nottingham : ** i 'm going to have to say robin hood for the most famous , whether or not he actually existed is another matter . 
   meaning that the only people who get into the uk would be other eu citizens , or people who already entered the schengen area through some other country . 
  the uk should trust the other countries not to let problematic people in . 
  yeah , that does n't work even now . 
  if the other countries could be trusted to stop problematic people then current border security would have no one to deal with . 
  in a time were we have a government making more cuts than a psychopath in a horror movie an unnecessary department would be first on the chopping block , sadly that is not the case . 
  to find dishes like that you 'll probably want a pub/restaurant and they can tend to be out in the countryside . 
  for a small list of british dishes : * steak and ale pie * stew and dumplings * lancashire hot pot * toad in the hole, 
  for some casual work i 've done i have been paid by cheque , outside of that i 've only received one when it was a gift being sent by mail . 
  buses or coaches ? 
  i do n't recall ever seeing a seatbelt on a bus , but i have on coaches . 
  [ what about this link ? 
  ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/france-rail.pa6/ ), 
  i 've played a similar one with the u.s states , the central ones were a bitch to learn . 
  yeah , there really was no else who was a serious contender and also a threat , the spanish tried bless em but it just did n't work out . 
  with the `` serious '' british press its mainly just intended as a light chuckle . 
  personally i cant think of any element of the major british press who take themselves so seriously as to place themselves above some light hearted humor, 
  i beg to differ , we take the piss out of the french , does n't mean we hate them . 
  regrettably yes , their result this time around should be interesting . 
  they seemed to have ( in their own terms ) made a significant increase , more than doubling their number of votes last election . 
  it will be interesting to see if there numbers drop with ukip 's rise . 
  the greens have a parliamentary seat yes but ukip got 3.5 times as many votes . 
  so do only those parties who already have members get placed next in the queue for debates are those that have proven overly more popular ? 
  feared as much . 
  as is often the case with these kinds of powers , you offer an inch and they take a mile . 
  i was aware there were others but i thought the rest required suspicion . 
  do you know if section 60 is a long term or short term measure ? 
  they used to be able to a while back but i believe the echr ruled that it was illegal . 
  this is what i could [ find . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_act_2000#section_44 ), 
  well ... they get in my way and irritate me occasionally . 
  the study cites last year that `` 24 000 perished '' and the 250 000 figure seems to based over a 10 year period . 
  i 've had a look and it seems it is citing the excess winter deaths figures and attributing them all the the cold . 
  [ figures ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/subnational-health2/excess-winter-mortality-in-england-and-wales/2011-12--provisional--and-2010-11--final-/index.html ), 
  i 'm curious if you know whether for a cosmetic to be approved in europe does it have to be tested in european labs , or do the appropriate body review a report from testing done in any lab anywhere in the world and if it meets criteria then go ahead and approve it ? 
  can i ask if you were going to vote for them before this ? 
  right now this seems to me to be a move to claw back voters lost to ukip and will probably not lose them votes among their current demographic , especially if they propose to replace it with an altered version controllable by the uk parliament . 
  you might get the piss taken out of you for a bit . 
  but i would imagine it would only last as long as it takes to get to know someone , then it will probably only get brought up to wind you up . 
  [ if you 've got 10mins here 's a video i found going through some of the various british accents . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu9q_vedo7w ), 
  just to address this bullshit directly , here are some figures for 2011 : greece : expenditure in us$ million is 7,502 % of gdp is 2.3 % uk : expenditure in us$ million is $ 57,875 % of gdp is 2.6 % all figures obtained from the [ sipri database ] ( http://milexdata.sipri.org/result.php4 ), 
  i have very little experience with the benefits system myself . 
  however from what i 've been able to find , it is broken down into several sections such as job seekers allowance which for an individual can range from about # 50 - # 70 a week . 
  then there is housing benefit which is dependent upon where you choose to live , for example if you were to live in a 1 bed flat or sharing accommodation you can get up to # 250 a week however this is dependent upon area ( in my area you can get around # 80 ) . 
  it gets complicated quickly but there are people who have it down to an art and milk every penny . 
  i know at least one person who for the past few years would have made more if she did n't work however i think she has since got promoted and this is no longer the case . 
  i 'm not sure how big an issue benefit fraud genuinely is , i think to most common incidents are people claiming to live separately when really they live together as i believe the council tax is cheaper . 
  as for the scheme i feel it would have been at least more tolerable had it been restricted to certain industries which actually require a skilled employee and excluded places like poundland as it it clear these places would abuse the system set in place . 
  this to me seems like a failure to implement a policy correctly and they are trying not to admit they cocked it up . 
  the best this could ever possibly be is a poorly thought out and implemented scheme . 
  the intent being business 's that require a skilled employee could take them on to train at minimal cost and they end up with a useful employee . 
  instead of it being cheaper to find a skilled worker from outside the uk who already has the relevant knowledge and is ultimately cheaper to hire due to the reduced need for training . 
  with the end result of this scheme reducing unemployment and reliance on welfare . 
  that being said it is equally possible that they thought since they were already claiming benefits and should earn them and coupled this with an opportunity for company 's to exploit free labour for greater profits and taxes . 
  its been said a million times before by others but i will say it again , it 's not about the fact it 's horse but about the fact no one seems to know where it has come from . 
  coupled with the fact that mislabeling what food contains is very wrong . 
  ah , so not only a map but also a social commentary . 
  truly it is a piece of art . 
  channel tunnel has got a bit long . 
  it 's wet . 
  it 's always wet . 
  basically your argument boils down to the monarchy . 
  the monarchy as it stands is a museum , something to be looked at and be intrigued by . 
  it wields powers but only ceremonially , if the monarch decided not to pass a bill it was told to or not to choose the leader of the party voted for then i believe parliament would look to having the entire institution torn down . 
  along with this the people who do n't mind the monarchy as long as it does not interfere ( this is my current view ) would then support the removal of the monarchy . 
  in short , they wield no real power and have no impact on our rights and freedoms , that 's left up to the government . 
  where to ? 
  often all identifying documentation will be ditched and will refuse to reveal where they are from . 
  maybe my thoughts on this are why i have a hard time feeling anything positive for the eu . 
  - i do n't accredit the eu for achieving peace , i feel it has much more to do with nato . 
  - borders have never seemed like much of barrier to me , i have always had to get on a boat/plane to get where i am going so the borders have felt natural to me . 
  - still have a different currency and do n't find it inconvenient to switch . 
  - rule of law does not seem as though it has changed in any capacity . 
  - do n't know what freedoms you mean , the eu does not make me feel anymore `` free '' . 
  - ease of doing business i have no experience with , so it is just an ethereal term to me . 
  - as for unity , i have felt no more unity with europeans than i have with people from canada , australia , usa or south africa . 
  i guess that 's your perspective , i vote because i believe it to be a civic responsibility . 
  the first election i could vote in i did , i vote because we get very few opportunities to even have a limited say in the direction of our nation . 
  i believe a group has to prove itself as being trusted before it can demand more power , not demand trust because it has the power . 
  not just that , the voter turnout on average for the eu parliament was 42.61 % . 
  unless you are suggesting that we transfer more power to people that over half the eu do n't even care to vote for because if we give them more power we 'll force people to care . 
  that sounds like backward logic if ever i 've heard it . 
  `` the people do n't care about us so we 'll collect more power until their forced to '' . 
  when the eu parliament can garner a bit more favour among the electorate i 'll agree to handing them more power . 
  i think so , i have an account but i made it a while ago so ca n't quite remember if it 's mandatory . 
  you do realise that is what is expected , i have spoken to literally no-one expecting any reinstatement of visa requirements to be one way . 
  [ here 's one i remember seeing in birmingham above a leather shop and thinking it looked dodgy as hell . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@52.4767035,-1.8919587,3a,56.3y,217.04h,105.55t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1shctnotfn-0gwklcjx0sbzg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) i have n't looked into it at all to know how genuine the college is . 
  now now , good things come to those who wait . 
  cool , so were both happy . 
  there is no ` fixing it ' , the only direction that the eu will accept is more power , more integration , and more money . 
  actually sky news is available on freeview . 
  it 's just down the arse end of it next to the bbc news 24 hour channel, 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0gqn2f_uu4 ), 
  it 's actually kind of funny .
