a lot of the time the reason for buried hoards is that they were being forced to flee due to imminent attack and planned to return and dig up their wealth later , but were never able to . 
  strange here though , because 294 would have been a period of stability in the region , relative to [ 20 years earlier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallic_empire ), 
  i lost it when they showed the mohammed drawings . 
  and james may cameo . 
  just the one . 
  ship departures are fairly hard to conceal . . 
  probably still worthwhile training for her crew . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alois_hitler would you like to see a ship named after this guy deployed off your coast ? 
  can the fsa even confirm that they exist ? 
  syria is n't afghanistan . 
  soldiers dying for their country are paying the ultimate price , not the starting bid . . 
  they put their lives in our hands , to use as the nation requires . 
  we owe it to them to determine that the nation actually does require them to put their lives in danger before we do so . 
  and then ... reconquista 2 : electric bogaloo !, 
  kidding , kidding . 
  it is worth considering that we seem to be willing to totally change our society to avoid setting them off when they 're in the single digit % s of population though , so it 's not like they need to win a referendum to change europe . . 
  however it 's pretty irrelevant in this thread . 
  `` 20th century fox research library '' hmmm i wonder, 
   it is all according to keikaku i will always upvote keikaku . 
  `` in united states gun law , machine gun is a legal term for any weapon able to fire more than one shot per trigger pull regardless of caliber '' i guess he 's technically correct , the best kind of correct !, 
  i definitely picture something with at least a bipod when i hear `` machine gun '' though . 
  we 've still got sanctions in place against russia over ukraine , which were renewed in july for 6 months . 
  hollande had said already in sep he wants to end them soon . 
  i think we 'll see a strong push from france and everyone will be too sheepish to say no to them when france just had a massive terror attack and russia is doing the heavy lifting in fighting the people responsible . 
  weaker , in a way . 
  if the us only had to defend itself , north america is a fortress . 
  if the us needs to defend the baltics , that 's another matter entirely . 
  it 's 2015 !, 
  if they identify as trans-gypsy , we ca n't tell them otherwise . 
  importing the entire third world was never among the values of the majority of europe . 
  only the elites who want to destroy cultural homogeneity and the far left who despise our heritage wanted that . 
  the guardian does n't really believe in democracy . 
  the analogy / u/remzem was making was a criticism of the thesis of the article . 
  basically the article is saying `` the reason eastern europe does n't want to take a bunch of migrants is because they have suffered and need our love , not because they are bad ( because anyone who is against migrants is obviously bad ! ) '', 
  / u/remzem is saying that they are taking the typical naive argument that anytime someone does something bad it 's because they are victims too . 
  anyone with common sense knows there are people in the world who will do ill without being `` corrupted '' to do so . 
  but the `` evil is only caused by past evil '' worldview is popular with the left because it then gives them the moral authority to try to reshape the world . 
  we 've seen how well that goes . 
   political efforts of eastern european nations to remain homogeneous may be bigotry , but if it is to be cured , the reasons behind it should be clearly understood . 
  instead of historical amnesia , it is caused by a succession of national traumas of historic proportions . 
  holy fuck i hate the guardian . 
  what it proves to me is that we 've been weak about known extremists , and it 's time to start getting tough . 
  first order of business should be absolute mercilessness towards anyone who fought with isis and tries to return . 
  do n't like the death penalty ? 
  fine , life in prison , solitary confinement . 
  ohh but we want them to come and tell the young muslims about how much they regret jihad-ing and how grateful they are to europe for giving them a second chance , you say . 
  no , that 's a fantasy . 
  they come back and snicker at our weakness , and say `` you can get away with anything in europe ! '' . 
  time to prove them wrong . 
   anarchist flag  wants people forced to bring in foreigners of questionable allegiance and give them benefits i want some of what you 're smoking . 
  a ) they work under the table a lot of the time b ) the more people who are competing over the same number of minimum wage jobs , the fewer people get those jobs , and the longer it takes for the minimum wage to rise again . 
  also it forces the people who work those jobs to endure worse working conditions , because there are people lined up to replace you . 
  here is a man who had foresight and the courage to make a stand when it was unpopular . 
  europe needs more orbans and fewer merkels . 
  no amount of tears can wash the blood off your hands , merkel . 
  * `` much was made of the charlie hebdo killers ' upbringings on the highrise estates that border the stadium -- areas that even the socialist prime minister , manuel valls , admitted were part of the social `` apartheid '' that prevails in france . 
  he spoke frankly about the delinquency , the discrimination and the poverty associated with the kind of neighbourhoods that are liable to produce violent criminals : areas that feel like a parallel universe to the romantic glory of other more central parts of paris . 
  '' * has quite an apologist tone , as expected from the guardian . 
  there 's no sociological excuse for this . 
  we need to expect better of anyone we are going to call a european . 
  welcome to 2015 where a reduction in handouts to foreigners who force their way in is `` harsh '' . 
  for fuck 's sake get them some mp7s . 
  we 'll have the guardian and co to thank when they 're unable to stop the next attack . 
  what will people like you say after the next one ? 
  `` well , if we had struck back , then the 2016 attacks could have been worse !, 
  we should be grateful we were mostly spared '' . 
  that . 
  this song would get you executed under shariah law . 
  think about that . 
  unfortunately we have tons of these people already inside the country . 
  hope we can drive out the snakes . 
  it 's never a good time for you people is it ? 
  `` hey we have n't had terrorist attack lately , you are paranoid ... oh my god there was an attack how can you discuss preventing more of them now ! '', 
  i do n't want any more victims like the ones in paris . 
  and cutting off the import of isis members is the first step . 
  the refugees from syria ( who only make up like 20-30 % of the human wave descending on europe ) are primarily young men of fighting age . 
  they are fleeing syria after 4 years of war there , and it 's not clear who has been in a camp in turkey for 4 years and who just got sick of fighting last month . 
  they are n't running from the concept of terrorism or radical islam because they are oh so secular , they are running from continued involvement with a specific war . 
  i do n't know which of these guys fought , killed , raped , and tortured for assad , isis , or various degrees of rebel , from `` sort of democratic-themed '' to `` non-isis jihadi '' , but i do n't care to find out . 
  keep them in turkey and send them go back to syria when the war 's over . 
  i do n't mind if they send individual requests for asylum from turkey or wherever , and we can say `` hey this guy is an engineer who fled in 2011 because he did n't want to fight at all , and the camp in turkey can corroborate his story '' . 
  sure , let that guy in . 
  let ten thousand of him in . 
  but to just let them force our borders and be unable to determine who these guys are ? 
  fuck that . 
  the scariest part is the high kill-to-wounded ratio in the bataclan . 
  it was an execution . . 
  no it 's the uea , united emirates of arabia . 
  hmm , any idea what sort of laws these people would like to enforce ? 
  we 'd leave it up to them , of course . 
  ca n't go around being cultural imperialists !, 
  that 's my uk . 
  a country that could confront a clear and present danger without descending into hand-wringing self-flagellation about whether we had the right to lift a finger . 
  13 % admit to it . 
  how many kept it to themselves ? 
  and that 's just isis . 
  one particular group of fighters that they may be opposed to via political adversity rather than ideological . 
  what % support jihad ? 
  shariah law ? 
  the destruction of israel and genocide of the jews ?
