  iran , venezuela and russia ( corbyn 's allies ) are the opposite of what people in the uk want the uk to be like . 
  [ lush supports palestinian terrorism . 
  except modern germany has apologised for it , iran continues to do this . 
  and travelling to a country alone is not the same as actively working for them and loving them . 
  corbyn 's love of iran and hatred of the usa and israel is n't some smear journalists made up , it 's a completely valid criticism . 
   if you agree we would run scotland differently to ruk then why ca n't you understand why we 're considering independence ? 
  do you think vermont and texas should cede from the usa ? 
   the uk has a first past the post voting system which means with scotlands smaller population we never get the party we voted for . 
  you overwhelmingly voted labour until recently , and had 12 years of scottish prime ministers . 
  if the uk had proportional representation the snp would get even less seats . 
  you are a small part of the uk , you can not expect to get what you want against the will of the rest of the uk . 
   then of course , corbyn seems more like a liability to his party right now than an asset . 
  [ that 's putting it very lightly ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/jeremy-corbyn-paid-iran-press-tv-tortured-journalist-2016-6 ) . 
   next general election is scheduled for 2020 , right ? 
  that 's too long of a time-frame to make firm predictions . 
  i do n't know . 
  there is fixed-term legislation meaning it should be 2020 , but there is a lot of talk of a general election being called next year . 
   even if they multiply that tenfold , they would not have been indispensable , and scarcely capable of forcing a referendum in post-election horse-trading . 
  the dup got 8 seats with 5 % as many votes as ukip got with 1 seat so ukip should have been able to get 30-50 seats . 
  but looking at the seats they were close to winning they were still a full 10 % behind so you 're surely right , even stealing 10 % of the tory vote they 'd probably only pick up 10 seats . 
  he did have to call the referendum though . 
  given 52 % wanted brexit , ukip would have won a lot more seats in the general if he did n't promise the referendum . 
  we 'd have a government coalition with the tories and ukip , and they 'd force the referendum anyway so the tories could have a majority government . 
  why are you comparing it to north korea ? 
  is n't it more similar to us/canada route ? 
  they 're not in the eu but they are very far from isolationist . 
  it 's crazy you think not wanting open borders means you 're isolationist . 
   because he realises the only way to have peace in israel/palestine is to negotiate ? 
  he 's not there to negotiate anything . 
  he 's there to support the palestinians . 
  he 's never met or discussed politics with any israelis . 
  he 's not in a position to negotiate for anyone , and hamas 's policy is extremely clearly to not negotiate peace except for temporary ceasefires . 
  when has he ever suggested a solution to the conflict that was n't israel making every concession possible and the palestinians making none ? 
  it literally is a third world country , as are ireland and switzerland . 
  they can force them to . 
  freedom of movement applies to all eu citizens . 
  germany can give all refugees german citizenship and then have them legally travel to the rest of europe . 
  that would cause every other country to leave the eu and cancel schengen though so they have n't done it yet . 
  but it is clear that they do n't have the will to deport anyone , so they will be giving them all citizenship after 8 years of residence which is the norm in german law . 
  then they will spread out into the eu . 
  brexit thankfully saved us just in time . 
  no one wants to stop it completely . 
  they just want the ability to pick and choose who we let in , like every non-eu country does . 
  having open borders is not the norm . 
  would you want to have an open border with iraq ? 
  no , but you 'd want to let in some decent iraqis who have been vetted to show they will fit into the political spectrum of your country . 
  that 's not how voting works . 
  you never get 100 % turnout , it is still a representative sample size . 
  even 0.1 % turnout can be representative . 
  only 14,000 people voted for the current prime minister of the netherlands to be leader of his party , does n't mean he does n't have a democratic mandate . 
  the immigration one is ambiguous . 
  maybe they want eu to intervene against immigration or for it , it does n't make much sense . 
  as i remember it , this is for knowledge of 3 questions only . 
  you could ask different questions and get different results . 
  knowing switzerland is not in the eu does n't mean you know whether the eu is positive or negative , it 's pretty irrelevant . 
  it 's indefensible that germany will jail germans who deny the holocaust , but let in a million people who are mostly holocaust deniers ( official syrian school text books teach holocaust denial ) from the middle east and does n't jail them . 
  the bigotry of low expectations ... [ just watch this to see how common holocaust denial is in arab countries ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tjzclhiqiy ) . 
  he is making a case here to change the will of the people . 
  he does not just stick to the technical legal issues . 
  he is basically campaigning against the result of the referendum . 
  he is not being scientific about how he analysed the leave/remain campaigns , he cherry picked a few things to gripe about . 
  he gets emotional about it and uses hyperbole . 
  reddit will love it because reddit supported remain . 
  but if a leave supporter posted such a biased video , everyone would complain about how biased it was . 
  i never said it was completely invalid for him to make this video . 
  he has a right to give his biased opinion , and i have a right to give my biased opinion about his . 
  i said it was n't worth watching , if other people disagree with me they can downvote me . 
  normally i do n't make such short and pointless comments on reddit , but i was very disappointed . 
  this is a law professor , analysing one of the most interesting political events in modern history and this is all he could come up with . 
  anyone who has followed the news in the past week already knew all of what he talked about , so it 's just not worth watching . 
  i enjoyed his accent but the content was dull . 
  the leave campaign was pathetic , it 's an easy target , but that does n't mean leaving was wrong . 
  i support hillary clinton , but she lies a lot to make her case for things . 
  that 's just how politics works . 
  pointing out that she 's a liar does n't mean i should stop supporting her . 
  i do n't understand how you could think that just because they are facts that they ca n't be biased . 
  if politifact deleted all the articles they have showing hillary lies , and deleted all the articles showing trump telling the truth , so that it was 100 % trump lies , and 100 % hillary truths , you 're saying that it would n't be biased so long as none of the verdicts are wrong ? 
  i do not recall the professor lying a single time , but he is biased by his careful selection of facts to portray his argument . 
  i can make an argument against remaining in the eu entirely composed of facts and it will also be biased . 
  we should leave the eu because there are members of the eu parliament that are former convicted terrorists . 
  that 's a factual argument . 
  and one you ( presumably ) disagree with . 
  so by your own logic , you need to change your opinion now . 
  why does the fact he is a lawyer mean he ca n't be biased ? 
  lawyers are meant to be biased . 
  there are lawyers i vehemently agree with and i would n't pretend they are n't biased . 
  alan dershowitz is a good example . 
  i like his writing , i generally agree with his politics , but he is extremely biased . 
  you need to hear another point of view than his to develop a true understanding of an issue . 
  it 's not that he will necessarily lie , but he 's making a case to persuade you so of course he will leave out any information that would dissuade you from agreeing with him . 
  reddit has a very big problem with being unable to detect bias . 
  it 's a very frequent occurrence that reddit will rally around someone after having only heard one point of view , then when the other person gives their point of view everyone quickly changes their mind . 
  this is why politics is about interviews and debates rather than monologues . 
  i do n't say he lied about anything , i did n't question his expertise on the matters he talked about . 
  my problem with the video is that he 's arguing about things that were n't important to begin with and he is leaving out important information . 
  i 'm sure he would not deny he is biased , it 's clear to anyone who can think critically . 
  your post is not even arguing against my position at all since i did n't dispute any claim he made . 
  he does n't say anything that will be new to anyone that followed the news in the past week . 
  in a trial you have a prosecution and a defense . 
  he is the prosecution here , and there is no defense .
