  arafat was egyptian , a lot of them are from saudi arabia and various other places . 
  very few are completely native to palestine . 
  the jews do n't care about that , they give them citizenship and equal rights . 
   with the moral and legal justification being `` my great great great , etc , etc , etc father lived here '' ? 
  the population was 30 % jewish before the establishment of israel , they owned a lot of the land and were considered palestinian . 
  the palestinian currency had hebrew on it , the palestinian post was a hebrew language newspaper and so on . 
  there was conflict between the muslims and jews since the 19th century , both of whom were palestinians . 
  only after the establishment of israel did `` palestinian '' refer to only the non-jews . 
  the british who owned the territory gave it to the un which voted to partition into 2 states , along with partitioning lebanon , iraq , jordan and so on . 
  the arabs got 99.8 % of the land in the middle east , but that was n't enough . 
  after the jews accepted the partition plan , the arabs rejected it and invaded . 
  actually jews own only 20 % as much land in the middle east today as they owned in 1940 due to their [ expulsion from muslim countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_exodus_from_arab_and_muslim_countries ) . 
  plenty of people opposed it . 
  30 % of americans or so . 
  the point is trump has been lying and saying he always opposed it when in fact he supported it at the time . 
  clinton is getting criticised for supporting it before she opposed it , but trump is getting praised for the same thing . 
  trump is completely crazy and unpredictable . 
  he says he has great people to take advice from , but why does he deny climate change and think vaccines cause autism ? 
  if those are his science advisers , what are his foreign policy advisers going to tell him ? 
  he 's disagreeing with iraq ( in hindsight - he supported it at the time ) with an eye to the general election as the iraq war is now considered a mistake by most americans . 
  he 's not anti-war in principle like sanders . 
  who knows what trump is going to do for our relations with the likes of saudi arabia and pakistan , which are delicately balanced to maintain stability and peace . 
  he 's said that israel has a wall to keep muslims out , which is completely false ( 15 % of israelis are muslim , arabic is one of 2 official languages , they sit in parliament , serve in the army etc ) , and is effectively saying israel is an apartheid state . 
  but he 's not saying it as a criticism , he thinks it 's a good thing the us should emulate and called hillary a hypocrite for supporting israel 's security fence but opposing the wall with mexico . 
  the usa dominates the world and we need someone sane in charge who will try and build relationships rather than destroy them . 
  clinton is going to continue the great foreign policy of obama , and she does n't deny science . 
  she 's a really safe bet and that 's why she is a huge favourite . 
  how do you know ? 
  maybe it would be better , maybe it would be worse . 
  everyone keeps saying the us destabilized the middle east , as if it was stable before or would have been stable without them . 
  it was not a stable place , and that 's exactly why the us focuses so much on military bases and foreign aid to the region . 
  to keep it stable so the global economy is stable and the us can make more money . 
  maybe they ended up doing more harm than good by pumping so much money and arms into the region , but it 's also a possibility that there would have been a nuclear war had the us not invaded iraq . 
  if the usa did n't invade iraq , the middle east would be a liberal utopia and there never would have been any unrest or natural disasters there from now until the end of time . 
  every problem is the responsibility of the usa . 
  this is like blaming the uk for hitler , since we punished germany with the treaty of versailles . 
  yes it may have been a factor , but the responsibility lies with hitler for being a violent asshole . 
  just like the responsibility for unrest in the middle east lies with the terrorists in the middle east who are unable to live in peace . 
  support for terrorism from muslims and islamic countries has been there for decades , it did n't suddenly materialise after the iraq war . 
  it 's an ethnicity , not just a religion . 
  ~ 50 % of the world 's jews are atheists . 
  anti-semitism is as wrong as hatred of arabs . 
  anti-semitism against just the religion is fine . 
  you 'll find a lot of hatred towards orthodox jews on reddit and no one is calling them anti-semitic for it . 
  `` zionism was a secular movement , very specifically so , and most of the early zionists were aggressively secular and anti-religious . 
  they saw zionism , or jewish nationalism , as something different from the traditional jewish religion , which they either ignored or positively rejected . '', 
  i 'm amazed you could n't get an answer to such a simple question . 
  is that dry weight or with water ? 
  dry it would make up about 40 % of his calorie intake but cooked it would only be 20 % which is quite reasonable . 
  do you never have pizza for dinner ? 
  or are you eating pasta for breakfast/lunch too ? 
   the culture she was raised with and her roots are n't british she was raised with british culture . 
  it 's almost impossible to be raised in britain and not have british culture . 
  was she kept locked in a house all day with no tv ? 
  you can be british and still have cultural influence from other places . 
   not sure if you 're being obtuse but the ` rise in anti-semitism ' in europe and particular in malmo is obviously a result of a large demographic shift . 
  it 's easy to scapegoat muslims for it , but the truth is that left-wing liberals have become the largest anti-semites . 
  it 's hard to consume [ british media ] ( http://honestreporting.com/the-2015-dishonest-reporter-of-the-year-why-the-bbc-won/ ) and not develop anti-semitic feelings . 
  secularism does n't oppress the majority . 
  they are still free to practice their religion on their own . 
   also , fun fact : both the sikh and hindu councils of the uk released statements condemning the use of the word `` asian '' to describe the grooming gangs when they are in fact 99 % british pakistanis . 
  india has 172 million muslims , pakistan has 181 million . 
  not much difference there . 
  why are there 8 times as many pakistani immigrants in the uk per population as indian immigrants ? 
  i do n't know how you could believe in islam and not want muslims to have power . 
  why is it `` supremacist '' ? 
  i 'm a secularist and i think that power should be in the hands of secularists . 
  am i an anti-religion supremacist ? 
  the english did vote in favour of scotland 's referendum by electing david cameron who had been open that he would give them a referendum . 
  the residents of england have as much right to scotland as any of the residents of scotland do , and vice versa . 
  it would be illegal for scotland to declare independence without the support of the rest of the uk and the military would be forced to restore the uk 's territorial integrity . 
  there are words of bias in almost every sentence . 
  all the irish rebels were poets and teachers , certainly no terrorists there . 
  `` liberating '' ireland meaning installing a new regime where the british do n't get a right to vote . 
  just like the confederates `` liberated '' the south . 
  do n't expect any fair and balanced commentary here . 
  if you want to learn about the real history , [ read wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easter_rising ) where they do n't try and brainwash you with emotional anecdotes . 
  obama pretty much sided with argentina over the falklands , and called for a negotiation rather than respecting british sovereignty . 
  it 's given for peaceful acts . 
  it does n't matter if you 're not a generally peaceful person . 
  kissinger signed a peace agreement so that 's a pretty fair awarding . 
  one of the worst ones to get it is malala who did n't accomplish anything in terms of peace and actively opposes self defense which is anti-peace . 
  what needs to be done if your goal is to destroy the ecosystem and quicken the extinction of the human race . 
  the money is an insignificant issue . 
  that these refugees have nazi-like ideology is the real problem . 
  none of what you said changes the fact that once syriza won elections they opened the borders and refused to detain illegal immigrants anymore . 
  things would have been very different under new democracy . 
  `` syriza 's emphasis on protecting migrants who have entered the country , instead of detaining and deporting them , stands in stark contrast to the priorities in brussels . '', 
  - al jazeera `` abolishing the 18-month detention period and rescission of asylum seekers ' detention are urgent measures for us . '', 
  - syriza immigration minister the defense minister under the first syriza government said that he 'd pave a path to berlin for isis if germany did n't renegotiate the debt . 
  so yes , it is absolutely greece 's fault for electing a party headed by a guy [ who prefers iran and russia ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11511653/isolated-greece-pivots-east-to-russia-china-and-iran.-but-will-it-work.html ) to the western world and does n't care if the west is flooded with islamists . 
  putin 's approval rating is over 90 % . 
  the people have the government they deserve . 
  goldman sachs has invested $ 37 billion of capital for solar , wind , smart grid and other clean technologies in the past few years . 
   doubt the scottish would cry for independence if they where running the show . 
  the prime minister of the uk was scottish from 1997-2010 . 
  i do n't recall a scottish independence movement back then . 
  each country has their own standard for what human rights should be . 
  there 's no reason to join international agreements on it that every single country violates on a daily basis . 
  personally i think assisted suicide should be a human right but you go to jail for it .
