  it would also probably end up with a lot of photos of katy perry and justin bieber . 
  the way he or she did it was more interesting even if it throws up some weird results . 
  parliament already voted for it and so did the people . 
  it was non-binding , but the pm is supposed to have power of foreign policy , including signing treaties and going to war . 
  she does not need parliament 's approval on everything , hence why we have a government with a cabinet and not just a parliament . 
  this ruling deeply damages the uk pm 's ability to conduct foreign policy without stopping brexit at all . 
  it 's not whataboutism . 
  i 'm not saying `` netanyahu is allowed to be a war criminal because others are '' . 
  i just wanted you to have to say you think obama should be arrested too . 
  to show that your hatred of netanyahu is not from a reasonable moderate person , but someone who also is anti-obama . 
  many people reading your comment will assume that you might have a point and maybe netanyahu should be arrested , then when they see you want obama arrested too it destroys your credibility . 
  israel and the us are pretty much the same , and anyone that hates israel should hate the us too . 
  other than religiosity , in what way is the us culturally much more dissimilar from the netherlands than the uk ? 
  it 's all in the same ball park . 
  a dutch person visiting the uk or visiting the us is n't going to feel much more culturally alienated either way . 
  especially if it was to new york or la , maybe there are places like alabama that are way different . 
  netherlands is also culturally very similar to the us so it 's a moot point . 
  ireland is the name of a country , and irish are citizens of that country , or people who identify as ethnically irish but live elsewhere . 
  [ only 28 % of northern irish identify in any way as irish , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people_of_northern_ireland#national_identity ) while 67 % identify as british or northern irish . 
  if you 're going with geographical , the irish would also be british since they live in the british isles , but they would find that offensive . 
  people enjoy all religions and political groups being mocked . 
  mocking innocent people in a natural disaster is different . 
  i have something against the right of asylum . 
  it 's the right to * seek * asylum . 
  a country is free to deny all requests . 
  3 billion people could legitimately claim asylum in the uk on the grounds of not living in a free country . 
  there are approximately 30 million gay people living in the middle east and north africa , we can not give asylum to more than a few thousand of these a year even though that means turning away legitimate asylum seekers . 
  we are just lucky that most do not try to come . 
  soldiers responded to being attacked by stones and a nail bomb . 
  [ read the wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_%281972%29 ) , there 's a lot of ignorance about this event out there . 
  it 's the same as the kent state shootings in america . 
  people act like the army just opened fire on peaceful people , but they were under attack . 
  if i started attacking soldiers i 'd expect to get shot , idk how other people can feel otherwise . 
   no one on the mainland would be opposed to ni joining the republic , the only time there was a resistance to it was when the ira were active and no one wanted to give into terrorism . 
  [ the majority of people in great britain supported ni joining the republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:british_social_attitudes_northern_ireland.png ) . 
  so it 's the opposite of what you said , people were happy to get rid of ni until recently and now there is resistance to it . 
  do you think obama , cameron , hollande and merkel should be arrested too ? 
  the nazi party is banned . 
  a party described by some as neo-nazis is allowed . 
  what is your point ? 
  i do n't understand how people can disagree with what i said . 
  i am not arguing we tolerate nazis , i am arguing that `` tolerance '' is not a virtue in itself and we must be intolerant of many things . 
   in the end it was the uk which rejected those values all countries reject and support those values depending on how you interpret them . 
  they are completely meaningless . 
  doctors without borders held an art event where terrorists were called icons of the revolution . 
  amnesty - [ read this ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2010/02/salman-rushdie-vs-amnesty-international/341305/ ) . 
  amnesty says that canada must arrest obama for war crimes , meanwhile they sponsored a rally in brussels , where islamist speakers celebrated the 9/11 attacks , denied the holocaust and demonized gays and jews . 
  human rights watch praised gaddafi while attacking israel . 
  their own founder criticises them for their pro-islamism bias . 
  jews hate him too . 
  [ he gives millions to anti-israel groups ] ( http://www.tabletmag.com/scroll/210826/soros-hack-reveals-evidence-of-systemic-anti-israel-bias ) that encourage governments to boycott israel . 
  he has a lot of the most notable international human rights group ( amnesty , hrw , icrc , carter center , msf , etc ) collaborating to spread lies about israel around the media . 
  those are a bunch of meaningless platitudes . 
  tolerance for what ? 
  nazis are banned in germany . 
  you ca n't just say you are tolerant . 
  there are many things we should not be tolerant of . 
  iran considers itself a country with justice , tolerance and human rights too , should we ask them to join the eu ? 
  not once is freedom of expression mentioned , as that 's obviously not a european value . 
  it 's ok to discriminate against christians in europe , like when the uk banned pacifist preachers from entering the country because they preach the bible which makes british people uncomfortable , but then the uk allows muslim brotherhood terrorist supporters in because it would be racist to ban them . . 
  he defended russia annexing crimea and invading ukraine and blamed nato for it . 
  he supports assad in syria . 
  he 's a close ally of iran , perhaps russia 's closest ally . 
  he even opposed the sanctions on iran , which russia had supported . 
  farage opposed the sanctions , but wanted to bomb iran instead which is just crazy . 
  iran is one of the most powerful countries in the world , far more powerful than iraq was , bombing it would be the biggest disaster since vietnam . 
  so when it comes to iran , corbyn is much more of a putin puppet than farage . 
  putin says hamas are not a terrorist group , corbyn says they are his friends , farage & trump hate them . 
  there are a few of trump 's positions that are actually consistent and have been for decades : he opposes free trade because he thinks it helps foreigners too much , he opposes military alliances because america is wasting too much money helping foreigners , and he likes dictators because they 're like ceos and he can make deals with them . 
   and yes , that includes taking refugees . 
  not at all . 
  america is not obligated to destroy its own culture and values just because muslims ca n't stop killing each other . 
  that 's a disgustingly ignorant anti-american statement . 
  it 's impossible to say that the iraq war led to the syrian civil war and the refugee crisis . 
  there have been a lot of revolutions and conflicts in the middle east , the iraq war was n't the first , and the coalition troops were in there helping out iraqis and trying to get them a stable country . 
  this quote is worse than what trump said about merkel and nato , in terms of insulting an ally . 
  get rid of freedom of movement for countries that have open borders for illegals . 
  jews building homes in a disputed territory , where thousands of jews lived prior to being kicked out by jordan in 1948 , is not an act of violence . 
  there are over a million arabs living in israel , why does the west bank have to be judenrein ? 
  if the arabs simply accepted the existence of israel they could have established a judenrein state of palestine back in 1947 , but they were more interested in killing jews so the `` settlements '' are the result . 
  the eu itself funds illegal settlements in the west bank , but that 's probably ok with you because they are for arabs , but the jewish ones are evil . 
  do you consider the million muslims who invaded europe last year to be `` settlers '' ? 
  or is this a term you reserve only for demonising jews ? 
  could you give an example of this stalking ? 
  i ca n't think of anything like that in the past decade but it sounds interesting . 
  this is why we had to leave the eu . 
  germany has lost its mind out of guilt for the nazis . 
  they are welcoming a people into europe most of whom admire hitler and hope for a 2nd holocaust . 
  aww when i saw you replied i thought you might have actually made some kind of argument , instead you basically ignored my comment . 
   there is no possible way for this to happen . 
  irrelevant !, 
  your ideology and morality can be explored through unrealistic hypotheticals , that 's very common in arguments . 
  you can oppose things that happened in retrospect . 
  germany apologises for the holocaust despite never being able to undo it . 
  do you likewise regret greek independence ? 
   also , even if it were possible , it would be a terrible idea . 
  wait , so you 're saying that if you lived in 1820 , you 'd be a greek nationalist ? 
   why should a country be nationalistic ? 
  because fuck you you globalist scum , that 's why . 
  so you oppose greek independence and would prefer it being a part of turkey instead ; with the christians , armenians and jews being an oppressed minority ?
