  you seem to be a militant atheist but also an islamist apologist and anti-christian . 
  i do n't understand how you can not see that the ~ 120 christian countries are much more secular and liberal than the ~ 50 muslim countries . 
  we are not compatible with each other politically . 
  we can be allies and support each other , but we can not agree on domestic policy and so we need to have separate nations . 
  why should parents not be able to pass their success onto their children ? 
  the previous government of greece , which was pro-west , had border controls . 
  syriza got rid of them deliberately to harm europe . 
  other countries have a right to not open their borders to assuage the mistake greece made in electing a ch\u00e9 guevara fan . 
  israel is in the european broadcasting union . 
  lots of other non-european countries are too . 
  morocco entered once . 
  algeria , syria , egypt , libya , jordan , lebanon , tunisia and others are eligible to enter the contest but do n't . 
  australia is n't eligible but is given special allowance . 
  i do n't see why a flag is different from marbles . 
  a flag can have more value , and spoils of war are surely a worse excuse . 
  are you saying that if britain went to war against greece it would have been ok for them to take them ? 
  the stuff in rome is from 800 ago so it 's different than something that was taken in the 20th century . 
  i personally would vote to give them back to greece , and it 's a disgrace that we loaned them to russia last year , but there is no legal or moral case here . 
  it 's up to the british public to decide , unless the museum is privately owned in which case it 's up to them . 
  it 's obviously more important to greeks than us and would be a morale boost , but in return greece [ would have to apologise for all the wrongs they have done against king constantine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantine_ii_of_greece#in_exile ) and return to him his rights . 
  that case is much more egregious than some rocks , as it actually affected a person 's life . 
   their history didnt change as much as other countries , so its not like they are a completely different ethnic group that came after . 
  so you admit you 're basically just being racist here ? 
  if it was egyptians , because they 're a different culture now , they do n't have as much right to the pyramids ? 
  do a people of a certain nationality have no right to the products of another nationality ? 
  the issue here is n't whether greece should have them because it 's part of their culture , it 's whether their removal was legal or not . 
  if the sovereign of greece at the time legally allowed britain to have the marbles , and they were n't privately owned , then greece has no case . 
  you do not own the products of your culture . 
  as a brit , i have no right to claim back [ london bridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_bridge_%28lake_havasu_city%29 ) . 
  there 's no double standard there . 
  one people is voting against their own interest and the other is not . 
  where is the double standard ? 
  no one is criticising sweden as being undemocratic here so it 's not a double standard . 
  this is scaremongering . 
  obama likes the uk system and wishes america could have universal public healthcare , it 's just harder to set up now in the us than it was for the uk in the 40s . 
  he 's not going to help david dismantle the nhs . 
  the article makes no specific claims about anything in the ttip so it is all conjecture from an outlet that is already biased against it and against the current government . 
  i ca n't think of any for the uk , but there is a nice one in greece called [ goody 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goody's_%28restaurant%29 ) . 
  on the one hand , he 's much less anti-israel than the leader of his party . 
  on the other hand , he has a few worrying things in his past such as [ calling moderate muslims `` uncle toms '' on iranian state television ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/04/labour-plunged-into-fresh-race-row-as-london-mayoral-candidate-s/ ) . 
  the fact that he voted for corbyn shows he can not be trusted . 
  corbyn is a treasonous extremist . 
   in the same way as those 3.8 million ukip voters got shafted , the 60-some percent of scots who voted remain are getting shafted . 
  it 's not really the same though because ukip should have had more minority representation , but they should never have been allowed to dictate to the majority like you want for scotland . 
  scotland has more than fair representation . 
  you seem to think that the uk should do whatever scotland wants at all times and any time they do something the scottish people did n't want it means scotland is not being represented ? 
  surely you would have to say that the rest of the uk would be `` getting shafted '' if we allowed scotland to dictate everything to us ? 
  so should every democracy divide itself into increasingly smaller parts any time they make any decision so that none of them `` get shafted '' ? 
   do you think it would be more appropriate that 20 % of the country get completely ignored because you and i do n't agree with them ? 
  they do n't get completely ignored , they get to vote on bills and everything still , they 're just not part of the government . 
  you keep going to an extreme that somebody is completely ignored or completely unrepresented or completely shafted , but democracy has to `` ignore '' tiny minorities when it comes to actual decision making . 
  sometimes members of the government will be in the minority vote for a bill , and then they 're the ones getting ignored . 
   if 80 % of people voted for secular parties , there could have been a landslide majority for a secular coalition , but there is n't . 
  there was last time and it did n't work out so well . 
  the left are quite disagreeable even amongst themselves . 
  being in a right wing coalition damages their credibility with voters . 
  the largest left wing and right parties have to be in opposition with each other due to the game of politics , even if it makes more ideological sense for a coalition . 
  just like the lib dems got fucked in the 2015 election for being in a coalition with the tories . 
  germany is lucky that most people are happy with the current government , that does n't happen often in a democracy and it does n't mean the system is good . 
  what does left wing even mean though ? 
  democracy is a fundamental left wing value , and the eu is very undemocratic . 
  does he want to take away the disproportionate power small nations have in the eu ? 
  secularism is a fundamental left wing value , does he want to force all member states to have separation of church and state ? 
   if you would equate actual refugees ( not economic ones ) with isis-sympathizers , you lack all sense of nuance and common deceny . 
  opposing isis does n't make them good . 
  al qaeda and hezbollah oppose isis . 
  iran opposes isis . 
  you can want to execute jews , gays , atheists & cartoonists and yet still oppose isis . 
  isis are not the go to representatives of islamic extremists , they are a small group without much support . 
  it 's the `` moderates '' that we most have to fear , those who want sharia law and will vote for it , but wont immediately chop off your head for being a nonbeliever . 
  look at polls of pakistan or egypt for guidance here . 
  those are 2 of the largest muslim populations in the world . 
  [ 86 % of egyptians want people who stop believing in islam to be executed ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) . 
  76 % in pakistan . 
  the number of christians in europe who support execution for leaving the faith would be very close to 0 . 
  just because refugees have families , smile and eat sandwiches does n't make them good people . 
   yes , it really is our problem . 
  we decided we needed immigrants back in the 60s and fucked up the immigration . 
  the eu did not force them on us . 
  so what can you do about it now ? 
  the past is the past . 
  like you said , you ca n't remove people that have citizenship already , you can only block future ones from coming in . 
  to be able to do that , you have to leave the eu . 
   coalitions are the norm and so more viewpoints are represented more viewpoints being represented is n't necessarily good in a democracy though . 
  why should the scottish have their viewpoint represented if only 10 % of people agree with it ? 
  coalitions can lead to tiny minorities getting to dictate things to the majority . 
  in israel , 80 % of people voted for secular parties , but there are 2 nut job religious parties in the coalition that control things like the ministry of education and the ministry of health . 
  the vast majority of israelis would be much better represented under the british voting system . 
  i do n't know enough how it works in germany , maybe it happens to work very well there but there is good and bad in every voting system that i know of . 
  i just picked saarland randomly , i 'm sure there are other regions of germany that are n't in government and their views never get represented . 
   given the obvious shortfalls of fptp voting . 
  the current government could have a majority of the vote if they had a coalition merely with ukip and dup , 2 extreme right wing parties . 
  is n't it better they did n't have to do that ? 
  sure the coalition with the lib dems last time was superior , but fptp worked out better for us in 2015 ( assuming people would n't vote differently under another system , which is not the case of course ) . 
  i like how greece does it , where the party with the most votes gets an extra 50 seats automatically so there 's less need to form an extremist coalition , but that has n't worked out so well either . 
  the current greek government is a coalition of the coalition of the radical left , and a far right nationalist party . 
   in the uk we have a system where constituencies are represented by their mps who are elected by the people of the constituency . 
  why does that matter ? 
  we still have extremist mps who dissent on everything just like any country that has proportional representation . 
  look at northern ireland .
