  he said hamas are working for social justice , even though they execute gays . 
  how can such a person be trusted to lead the country if their judgement is so poor ? 
  how would it be illuminating ? 
  the wbc are pacifists who believe that god will punish gays , they 're not interested in harming gays themselves . 
  they say on their website that if a gay person attends their church they will be treated with kindness and the same as everyone else . 
  they say that if their children have gay teachers at school it 's not a problem . 
  they say that no one can know if a gay individual is in hell , if they repent they can go to heaven . 
  they say that `` we do n't believe in physical violence of any kind , and the scripture does n't support racism . '', 
  they 're very far from isis in practise . 
  i think they are more tolerant than most christians . 
  i know i could go up to them at a protest and tell them that i fucked jesus up the arse , and they will laugh and quote some scripture at me rather than getting super offended and reacting violently like many christians would do . 
  catholic schools often fire gay teachers , so in a way the wbc are more pro-gay rights than catholics . 
  they get a lot of hate because they show christians the true face of christianity . 
  thank god for dead soldiers , god hates jews , protesting funerals , etc. 
  are biblically justified but most american christians prefer to not read the bible and use their own innate & superior morality . 
  dup will only get more pro-gay rights over time , they want to win elections and they know that people overwhelmingly support gay rights now . 
  iain paisley jr. tweeted an article today saying :  and some of its politicians have said some batshit and offensive things about homosexuality over the years . 
  but such outbursts are far from encouraged in its ranks these days . 
  the dup last year backed the local version of the turing law , effectively repudiating the `` save ulster from sodomy '' days . 
  it 's true that the innate social conservatism within the dup is a problem when it comes to attracting younger voters in the years ahead . 
  i 'd bet its bigger brains know that very well . 
  jesus was a pacifist preacher who did nothing to harm anyone on earth , and he did n't write his own gospel . 
  other people wrote stories about him with many different interpretations . 
  muhammad was a war lord who had slaves , had 13 wives , numerous sex slaves , and massacred hundreds of jews and other non-muslims . 
  muhammad dictated his own bible to his followers that all muslims believe is the inerrant word of god , unlike the christian bible which most christians believe to be merely inspired by god . 
  even in ultra-christian usa , only 24 % of christians believe the bible is the literal word of god . 
  so there is a major difference there . 
  there 's nothing to fear from people that try to emulate jesus , but if people try to emulate muhammad , then you end up with isis . 
  thinking it is a sin is totally different than wanting to legislate against it . 
  of course christians think promiscuous behaviour is sinful . 
  jesus said just looking at another woman lustfully is adultery . 
  the new testament condemns homosexuality multiple times . 
  for example paul said : `` know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of god ? 
  be not deceived : neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor effeminate , nor abusers of themselves with mankind '', 
   it is considered that the sole enters the body around the end of fourth month it 's called the quickening . 
  [ it was the position of the catholic church to allow abortions up until this stage until 1869 when it was changed to all of pregnancy ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/time-for-a-rational-debate-on-when-human-life-begins-1.997586 ) . 
  that `` one commandment '' is childish nonsense . 
  love everyone has no meaning , everyone interprets love in their own way . 
  does loving everyone mean you let murderers out of jail ? 
  if i love someone , i ca n't support them being locked up . 
  that 's not love . 
  should we love isis ? 
   so watch yourselves . 
  `` if your brother or sister sins against you , rebuke them ; and if they repent , forgive them . 
  even if they sin against you seven times in a day and seven times come back to you saying ` i repent , ' you must forgive them . '' there are few people on earth who would agree with this , or consider it a loving thing to do to continually forgive murderers and not punish them . 
  jesus also said `` do not resist an evil person [ but turn the other cheek ] '' , showing he was a pacifist who would let the nazis win ww2 . 
  thankfully almost no christians follow the basic pacifist message of jesus , and instead have the basic moral sense to know that self defense and protecting your loved ones is morally obligatory . 
   this quote when given in context is discussing the second coming of jesus when he returns for his followers . 
  this does n't make the quote any less bad . 
   examination reveals that there were quarrels between women in the church who wielded a lot of power . 
  again , that does n't make it any better . 
  he is still a sexist fool . 
   many churches today interpret this as the justification for male dominate leadership but his is n't the case when understanding the underlying theology . 
  there are many other verses that justify it . 
  the head of every man is christ , the head of woman is man , and the head of christ is god . 
  it 's laughable to argue that judaism/xianity/islam are feminist religions . 
   jesus 's message is unequivocally about love very strange view of love . 
  he wants his followers to be weak and suffer , to give away all their money , and to not resist evil but be pacifists . 
  if you really love someone , you will want them to prosper and be safe , not to suffer . 
  not true at all , i rarely see these verses quoted . 
  if the context is `` not even difficult to understand '' , why did neither you nor the person you 're replying to bother to explain it ? 
  because the context is just as bad as it seems . 
  the fact it 's a parable does n't even change the meaning though . 
  if you 're going to try and argue away the quote and be really condescending about it , you 're going to have to actually explain it rather than just saying it 's a parable and metaphorical , because parables are intended to give a meaning even if it 's a `` metaphor '' . 
  [ the first page on google says this about it ] ( https://www.gotquestions.org/parable-ten-minas.html ) :  the enemies who rejected the king in the parable are representative of the jewish nation that rejected christ while he walked on earth -- and everyone who still denies him today . 
  when jesus returns to establish his kingdom , one of the first things he will do is utterly defeat his enemies ( revelation 19:11 -- 15 ) . 
  it does not pay to fight against the king of kings . 
  so it 's even worse than the out of context quote . 
   northern irish people with a working brain do n't want to be associated with them either . 
  i have a working brain and i think they are way more liberal & left wing than sinn fein or the labour party . 
  they do n't endorse hamas , fidel castro & iran for 1 . 
  none of it was made up , you 're the liar here who is accusing me of making stuff up when they are all facts . 
  castro was a genocidal dictator , and corbyn supported him . 
  corbyn opposed sanctions on russia , and referred to crimea as russian territory . 
  he recognises it as russian territory . 
  he said `` as for the crimea where russia is now moving in , it has historically been separate from ukraine . '' . 
  he said : `` the hypocrisy of the west remains unbelievable . 
  nato has sought to expand since the end of the cold war . 
  it has increased its military capability and expenditure . 
  it operates way beyond its original 1948 area and its attempt to encircle russia is one of the big threats of our time . '', 
  how is it hypocritical of nato to expand ? 
  it does n't take over other countries territories against their will when it expands !, 
  russia is free to form a military alliance with any country that wants to , as should nato be . 
   no-one supports terror attacks on jews corbyn openly supports hamas , hezbollah and iran , that means he is complicit with terrorist attacks against jews . 
   opposing bombing isis is n't evil yes it is !, 
   bombing the middle east caused the fucking problem . 
  we never bombed syria and yet assad has killed ~ 300,000 of his own people . 
  we are not in any way to blame for that . 
  we have done nothing but try to lessen the violence in the middle east , and often you need violence to stop violence . 
  no , you 're right , but jailing them is compliant and many people would consider being jailed a worse punishment than a mild beating . 
  it 's on his wikipedia page even :  murray is a defender of north korea , saying in 2003 to a meeting of the cpb executive committee : `` our party has already made its basic position of solidarity with peoples ' korea clear '' . 
  [ 20 ] in response to a daily telegraph letter from conservative mp and defence spokesman julian lewis , [ 7 ] [ 21 ] he claimed that he had made no secret of his political beliefs . 
  [ 22 ] `` people throw the word ` stalinist ' around and demean it by trivialising it . 
  but in the case of murray it is just '' , wrote cohen in 2015 . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrew_murray_ ( campaigner_and_journalist \\ ) ) could you not bother to do the most basic research ? 
  why do corbynistas love downvoting facts so much ? 
  human rights should be changed , the echr is a highly flawed document and we can do a much better job of it . 
  the ecthr ruled 10-9 against the uk killing members of the ira in the middle of bombing a british police station and forced the uk to pay compensation to the families of the ira that were killed . 
  the ecthr ruled that it was ok for turkey to prosecute someone for insulting islam , as freedom of speech can be restricted in the interest of `` morals '' . 
  may is a liberal moderate just like most other western leaders .
