  i have searched extensively and ca n't find any evidence that even our mps got to vote for croatia 's accession , just proof that there were debates and then the bill was passed somehow . 
  is it normal that there 's no record of what mps voted for ? 
  and none of those original 9 countries had yet pledged to allow unlimited immigration from the middle east , which is a bit of a deal breaker . 
   it wants free trade with all the benefits and no responsibility . 
  the eu told them it 's not possible . 
  [ eu has free trade ] ( http://www.efta.int/sites/default/files/images/fta-map.jpg ) with countries like egypt and jordan already , why not the uk ? 
  ep is also undemocratic , malta has 16 times as many seats per capita as germany . 
  only for the president , who has less power than the us president ( i think ) . 
  they still have disproportionate voting for the parliament and prime minister . 
  for example , fn got 13.60 % of the vote but only got 0.35 % of the seats . 
  they do use 2 rounds though , so it 's somewhat fairer than the british system where the 3rd most popular person can easily win the seat if the other 2 split their vote . 
  why did you say england rather than the uk ? 
  there 's no reason for animosity between the uk and ireland anymore , just as there 's no good reason for animosity between france and germany . 
  farage is n't in the government though . 
  i do n't see why the current government would be so hated by the irish . 
  they 're more left wing than the current irish government . 
  except when it comes to freedom of religion and freedom of speech . 
  having 500,000 soldiers would n't have prevented a sectarian civil war . 
  all meat should be banned . 
  0 % of jordanians and lebanese have a favourable view of jews . 
  and they 're 2 of the more liberal muslim countries . 
  it 's a shame you 're allowing your country to be destroyed just because you 're scared of the truth . 
  it 's funny you think that if i defend the english from extremist hatred and prejudice it means i must be english , that 's a pretty clear example of racism . 
  i am from the uk just like you , and brexit was supported by the people of the uk , not the english . 
  calling it english misrule is false and racist . 
  just as it would be racist to refer to london as being ruled by a pakistani . 
  the vast majority of refugees in germany support either hezbollah or hamas , both are terrorist groups committed to the killing of jews . 
  merkel herself has warned about it , while doing nothing to stop it :  we must take care , specifically also in youth ( from ) countries where hatred of israel and jews is widespread . 
  we have observed in several schools and meeting places ( anti-semitic ) events ( led ) by young people , against which every adult has to act . 
  we must also encourage students who think differently . 
  we can try to reason ( with them ) again and again but it should also be clear : ( anti-semitism ) has no place in our society ... we must simply put clear limits . 
  if you want to put clear limits against anti-semitism , you can not accept in genocidally anti-semitic refugees with no vetting like germany has been doing . 
   as an 11th grade syrian textbooks states : `` the jews spare no effort in deceiving us , being hostile towards us , denying our noble prophet , inciting against us and distorting the divine books ... collaborat ( ing ) with pagans and atheists against the muslims because they see that islam unveils their cunning ways and evil nature ... ( t ) herefore , the logic of genuine justice decrees against them one verdict the carrying out of which is unavoidable . 
  their criminal intention should be turned against them by way of their elimination [ isti 's al ] . '', 
   you did n't even try to help with the influx of syrian refugees . 
  because we 're not nazis and do n't like to let in immigrants that desire a second holocaust . 
  it would have been nice if germany had the same idea . 
  one of the great things about leaving the eu is that now we 're not complicit with its anti-semitism . 
   batty english brexiter misrule except northern irish mps supported brexit while english ones did n't . 
  your anti-english racism is pathetic . 
   you do n't want to cooperate with others because you feel superior to them . 
  you do n't want to compromise with other nations because you feel inclined to get a `` better deal '' . 
  why do n't you add africa and asia to the eu ? 
  why is it only rich white people countries you want in your superstate ? 
  nationalism is a good thing - it allows minorities to have self determination and do things their own way . 
  only ~ 20 % of people live in liberal countries . 
  a one world government would not be a liberal one . 
  you do n't really want that , you 're just making a hypocritical attack that you have n't thought through . 
  ukip have literally got 0 seats in parliament . 
  what is he expected to do ? 
  they will get even less vote now that we 're leaving the eu and their reason for existing has been fulfilled . 
  this projection does n't take into account the fact nigeria will be uninhabitable due to climate change by then . 
  perhaps they will move to eastern europe . 
  there is no demonym for someone from the uk , so we have to use british and it works just fine . 
  it 's like how holland is only a part of the netherlands , but is often used to describe the whole country . 
  or how anti-semite only refers to hatred of jews , not hatred of all semites . 
  or how girl used to mean young person , but has changed to mean young female exclusively . 
  the reach of words is sometimes stretched or shrunk for convenience . 
   with 2 out of 4 countries voting remain in british democracy we do n't differentiate a northern irish voter and an english voter , they are all equal . 
  plus , northern ireland is the only region where the majority of mps wanted brexit . 
   no public discussion that would yield some sort of compromise based on the referendum result a compromise requires both sides to be more pleased with it than if they had lost . 
  a soft brexit is worse than losing the referendum from the point of view of a leave voter . 
   if the uk is divided and such calls for unity are needed , it 's her own fault really . 
  no it 's not , because there was no possible way for her to unite everyone . 
  she chose to maximise her position by supporting brexit , and she will end up increasing her majority in parliament . 
  how was this a mistake ? 
   the majority of people that came to europe were asylum seakers . 
  if they get asylum , they need to be repartitioned in europe . 
  over a billion people can legitimately claim asylum in europe . 
  do you support allowing them all in ? 
  you do n't mind france turning into an islamic state , because it 's the law and the right thing to do ? 
   israel is wealthy and closer to syria . 
  it 's right next door . 
  they have taken almost nobody . 
  israel has taken in millions of refugees in its 69 year history , including 30,000 from syria . 
  syria is an enemy state where the people desire a second holocaust , of course israel is n't going to let syrians takeover their country . 
  europeans are very naive about this and do n't think of the political and societal consequences of the mass immigration of the most illiberal people on the planet . 
  what 's wrong with `` fuck greece '' ? 
  they 're the ones who threatened to flood europe with migrants including isis members if they were left in economic crisis . 
  they exacerbated the migrant crisis hugely , knowing that refugees would n't want to stay in greece . 
  if it 's wrong to force the first country a refugee comes to to accept them in , it 's inherently wrong to force any country to accept refugees . 
   if no one thought about that , then it is really silly . 
  this is why the uk had to leave . 
  the design of the eu is atrocious and not at all thought out . 
  no national government would allow 1 mp to block something every other mp wants , yet that 's basically what the eu allows to happen . 
   eu sanctions need to be passed unanimously how incredibly democratic . 
  so malta ( 0.09 % of the eu population ) can block all sanctions against any other member state even if all the other eu countries want them ? 
  malta wont want its small country taken over by refugees , so they will sympathise with poland and hungary which want to protect their culture . 
  and if they do n't , some other small eu country like latvia will . 
  trump 's campaign strategy helped him go from getting 25 % of the vote ( which is all he deserved ) to getting 45 % of the vote . 
  and he did n't try to win the popular vote unlike hillary . 
  if they had france 's system he would have campaigned more in ny and california and tailored his policies and speeches to winning more votes there . 
  in 2013 he was pro-refugee , he was anti-iraq war in 2003 , he was a democrat most of his life , he definitely could have won a bit more of the popular vote if he needed to . 
  the tyranny of the minority is in the fact that in the eu a small minority can block changes . 
  this would n't be acceptable in a national parliament . 
  the smaller nations have let germany control things in the past , but they do n't need to keep doing that . 
  in the european council germany has no more power than malta . 
  there will be hundreds of millions of refugees coming to europe due to climate change in the next 50 years . 
  any one of the eu countries can pass citizenship to them all , and then they would be free to move to any other eu member state . 
  since some eu member states are uncomfortable with blocking refugees , it means all eu member states are vulnerable .
