  you really need a citation ? 
  germany let in over 1m refugees with no vetting . 
  a conservative estimate would be that 50 % of them support islamic terrorist groups . 
  it 's almost certainly more like 90 % . 
  [ amnesty are not a neutral organisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_amnesty_international#israel ) . 
  their communication director is [ an islamist ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ) . 
  they disproportionately criticise western countries and are causing great harm in the world by advocating ethnic cleansing of jews and democratic islamic takeover of non-muslim countries . 
  a father should n't be expected to pay anything towards a child . 
  the mother can get an abortion or give it up for adoption to remove their responsibility for it and the father should have the right to do so also . 
  rouhani was one of the few selected to be allowed to run for election by the islamic rulers . 
  he 's the former head of iran 's nuclear program who has boasted about deceiving the world to develop it . 
  he said `` saying ` death to america ' is easy . 
  we need to express ` death to america ' with action . '', 
  he 's not a moderate . 
  mousavi is the moderate side of iranian politics . 
  almost all of the jordanian parliament called a jordanian soldier a hero and asked for his release [ after shooting at a bus full of israeli school girls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/island_of_peace_massacre ) and killing a bunch of them . 
  the king is pretty decent though . 
  [ tunisia and senegal get the best ratings in civil and political liberties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world#middle_east_and_north_africa ) . 
  lebanon , kuwait & morocco all much better than iran . 
  money spent on european culture is not useless . 
  it 's not even that expensive as portugal is n't hosting . 
  for the amount of viewers it gets it 's a bargain . 
  [ it 's funny that the period of ethnic cleansing of minorities is now considered the high point in turkey 's history ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/ethno_religious_groups_istanbul.png ) . 
  so you have no argument , how shocking . 
  it 's an inarguable fact that the bakers did not discriminate against homosexuals . 
  they discriminated against a political belief . 
  non-gays can support gay marriage too . 
  if christians have to bake a gay marriage cake , then logically jews should have to bake a swastika cake for a neo-nazi . 
   not a single refugee has been redistributed the refugees will soon have german citizenship and thus the right to move freely around the eu . 
  they 're not going to be sent back to their country . 
  if you live in a liberal country and do n't want an islamist government , you should not want to remain in the eu . 
  if you counted us states as separate countries , which is really not that much different than counting eu states as separate countries , then some of them would perform quite high in these metrics . 
  israel pulled out of the gaza strip in 2005 and forcibly expelled all jews that lived there . 
  terrorist attacks are n't a big threat in recent years because of israel 's extreme security measures . 
  i wonder how many scots would stop voting for them if they knew that the [ snp had endorsed a sharia law supporting candidate for parliament ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ) . 
  the islamist did n't win , but he went on to get a job as communication director of amnesty international , proving they do n't much care for human rights anymore . 
  this report shows how ignorant most people are about climate change . 
  there will be a billion climate change refugees from africa , the middle east and asia coming into europe by 2050 , many of them will live in spain . 
  the population will more than double . 
  the only way for spain to avoid that is to leave the eu . 
  my point did n't require the article to mention christians anywhere . 
  germany does n't want nigerians , regardless of the fact many of them have a belief system compatible with the western world . 
  they do want millions of syrians , despite the vast the majority of them have an incompatible ideology , just because syria is a war zone of their own making . 
  how are syrian people not responsible ? 
  i suppose you think it 's america that 's responsible for everything bad in the world ? 
  the vast majority of syrians support one of the terrorist groups on the various sides in the conflict . 
  it 's not like syria was a liberal utopia and foreign terrorists came in and ruined it . 
  syria is the way it is because the syrian people made it that way . 
  this is about life saving medicine . 
  if germany gives better care for non-life threatening conditions it does n't count . 
  it 's also not taking lifestyle/diet into account as a large factor in lifespan . 
  singapore and hong kong do n't have high levels of obesity so they do n't need to spend as much on healthcare , it does n't mean their system is more efficient , it 's that their people are healthier . 
  nigerian christians or atheists who face persecution for their beliefs and whose values fit in well here are not welcome ; but syrian islamists who support the killing of gays , atheists , jews and cartoonists are welcome just because their country is less habitable right now . 
  human rights for those who oppose human rights , but not for those who support them basically . 
  asylum should be granted on a case by case basis , not based on what country a person is from , that 's just racial discrimination !, 
  it should n't matter that syria is a war zone , they do not deserve special treatment just for screwing up their own country . 
  germans and brits both acknowledge their past . 
  irish people do n't . 
  they think they were all angels who never did anything wrong , as you can see from this thread and my reasonable factual comment being downvoted . 
  i never said the british did n't brutally occupy ireland and murder lots of people . 
  i simply say that the irish killed lots too . 
  morality is not about opportunity , it 's about intent . 
  just because the british had greater opportunities to kill people does n't make them more morally wrong . 
  they are only more morally wrong if the irish would n't have done likewise had they had the power over the british , which is obviously false given how savage the irish kings were . 
   the present government of the uk is a continuance of the same administration that administered the policies of privation that halved the population of ireland . 
  that factual in the same way as the holocaust . 
  if it 's ok to hate the british because of what happened in 1850 , it 's ok to hate the germans for what happened in the 30s and 40s then , right ? 
  the right of states to territorial integrity is above the right to self determination in international law . 
  otherwise we 'd have [ all sorts of territories choosing to secede ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/active_separatist_movements_in_europe.svg/2000px-active_separatist_movements_in_europe.svg.png ) against the will of the people of those states . 
  violent change is not inevitable at all . 
  do you really think if hillary is elected , and the majority of texans support leaving the usa , that the us saying no will lead to civil war ? 
  of course it would n't . 
  it 's different when a territory is being occupied by a foreign coloniser . 
  no modern person should have to feel guilt for that or `` deal with '' it . 
  my most recent ancestors were irish , i can be sure they raped and murdered many people because that 's what primitive peoples do . 
  they were just as evil people as the english , like i said before , they just lacked the power and technology to oppress anyone but themselves . 
  i do n't understand how you could possibly think i 'm wrong . 
  do you think no irish people ever raped or killed anyone ? 
  there were irish kings for centuries before the british took over , and they were all brutal despots by modern standards . 
  the irish would have had literally millions of times more opportunities for raping and murdering irish people than the english did , it stands to reason that they would end up with more in total . 
  my point was n't to hate the irish , it was to point out that * every * people 's ancestors were brutal bastards and we can not hold it against anyone . 
  i 'm guessing all the downvotes were because of my british flag and not the inarguably true substance of my post . 
  that you got along fine does n't mean shit . 
  iranians are the friendliest and most welcoming people in the world . 
  they still hang gay men on the street . 
  there 's a huge difference between a person being friendly , and a person having acceptable political views . 
  you would n't want to live in pakistan 's democracy , and the only reason you accept giving a large number a vote in australia 's is because you think it wont do much harm if they are a small minority . 
  but they wont be a minority for long , and even having 0.1 % of your population being islamists can have a disastrous effect on a liberal democracy . 
  the irish were oppressive too . 
  everyone was oppressive hundreds of years ago . 
  english were oppressed by their rulers . 
  the irish were not some angelic people , they were just as brutal as anyone else . 
  the irish raped and murdered more irish than the english ever did . 
  they just happened to have less power to impose their brutality on another people than the english did . 
  we did move on . 
  we do n't have any negative feelings towards germans anymore . 
  and yet it 's totally acceptable for irish to hate the british because of a much lesser evil a longer time ago . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if we had not attacked , it might be even worse now , even though it 's already very bad . 
  we did n't force them to kill each other and what would have stopped them doing it had we stayed out ?
