  if you took the statistical chance of being affected by terrorism on september 10th in new york you 'd say terrorism is n't a problem to worry about . 
   the eu has a pretty clean environmental track record and it will continue to be that way and there are already plans laid out in many places to make it cleaner . 
  lowering pollution a little does n't mean it 's suddenly `` clean '' . 
  not even close . 
  that thing you quoted is n't talking about cluster bombs at all though . 
  they are n't inherently `` indiscriminate '' and they do n't necessarily cause civilian deaths . 
  so they 're only illegal to use when they are used in a particular way , they 're not illegal in all uses . 
  if you drop cluster bombs on civilians it might be a war crime . 
  dropping them on an airport runway might not be . 
  the way the geneva conventions and human rights lists are written they can be pretty much interpreted however you please . 
  you have a right to kill civilians according to the geneva conventions , if the attack is of high military value :  article 51 ( 5 ) ( b ) of the 1977 additional protocol i prohibits an attack which may be expected to cause incidental loss of civilian life , injury to civilians , damage to civilian objects , or a combination thereof , which would be excessive in relation to the concrete and direct military advantage anticipated . 
  the word `` excessive '' allows you to not worry at all about accidental civilian deaths, 
   israel is the one holding the blockade on gaza , it 's more than natural that they are the ones letting food in . 
  it 's their responsibility , or they could go back to their 69 borders and not have to do any of that . 
  how is it israel 's responsibility ? 
  gaza has a border with egypt . 
  and the 67 borders would n't change whether israel has a naval blockade . 
  there are 0 israeli settlements in gaza , 67 borders are n't really an issue there , they are an issue for the west bank . 
  so you think israel should let them smuggle in weapons , and then have to invade and kill loads more people ( which would be legal ) instead of just stopping the weapons ? 
  you probably think israel is punishing gaza and starving them , it 's just not true :  in gaza today , there are 319 large-scale international projects underway . 
  but israel has approved 511 projects through the grm . 
  the gap of 192 schools , clinics or housing units not being built is a product of the international community 's failure to meet its own funding pledges . 
  as hamas continues to rearm and bore new tunnels , it is hardly surprising that the world fears another round of violence , which would jeopardise their investments . 
  israel sends in hundreds of trucks of food and products every day , while egypt ( which has its own border with gaza which israel has no control over ) sends in almost nothing . 
  israel also allows thousands to cross the border for medical treatment which egypt does n't do either . 
  this aid continued to be given even during the war last year . 
  israel set up a hospital on the border that could treat thousands of people a day . 
  gazans owe hundreds of millions of dollars in unpaid electricity bills and yet israel continues to provide electricity to them . 
   in the last year alone , the number of trucks transiting daily through kerem shalom has leapt from around 300 to nearly 900 -- the result of millions of shekels of investment by israel in expanding the crossing 's capacity . 
  the crossing is being expanded further , including the installation of a new cargo scanner generously donated by the dutch . 
   it is possible today to import anything into the strip , other than items that could have military applications ( so-called `` dual-use '' items ) . 
  these are not banned , but rather imported daily subject to a strict security assessment . 
  there is indeed a naval blockade , to foil the delivery of war materiel to a territory controlled by a hostile terrorist entity , but anything that has business entering gaza does so through israel 's crossings . 
  it 's a 150m tall statue . 
  the current tallest statue in the world is 128m . 
  that 's very newsworthy , the only question is whether it 's a serious proposal or not . 
  netanyahu and obama have done nothing but show great admiration and support towards each other . 
  go look at the transcript of netanyahu 's congress speech and he says he will always be grateful to obama for the amazing things he has done for israel including things that can not be publicly revealed . 
  he does n't say anything good about republicans . 
  the favourability is because republican supporters control a lot of the media in israel . 
  any little negative thing by the us state department ( like `` hell of a pinpoint operation '' ) is highlighted to the extreme while the extremely pro-israel stuff gets ignored . 
  so do n't put it on netanyahu , i have not heard him say a single bad thing about obama . 
  on the iran deal he always went out of his way to say it was not personal and he believed obama thought he was doing what was best for both israel and the usa and they just disagreed on that . 
  if the same standard obama is held to was held for netanyahu , he would be extremely hated by israelis too . 
  obama never released 1027 terrorists for 1 guy , but netanyahu got away with that . 
  netanyahu supports abbas and he gets away with it , while obama gets criticised for it . 
  obama was even getting criticised for making funds available to the pa that were being tied up in american courts or something like that , and netanyahu had also asked the us to do it since israel has strong security co-operation with the pa and does n't want hamas taking over . 
  no one criticised netanyahu for it , and he gives hundreds of millions to the pa every year . 
  `` israel supports abbas '' - israel being pragmatic and moderate . 
  `` obama supports abbas '' - obama being evil anti-semite . 
   maybe they should n't say outright inflammatory shit about abandoning a two state solution right before an election before immediately flipping back ? 
  the media misled you on this . 
  he never said he abandoned it , he said that it was not going to happen because of the current situation on the ground in which a terrorist group would quickly overtake a palestinian state and israel would have greatly endangered their citizens with concessions that are worth nothing . 
   `` i have n't changed my policy . 
  i never retracted my speech at bar-ilan university six years ago calling for a demilitarized palestinian state that recognizes the jewish state . 
  what has changed is the reality . 
  mahmoud abbas , the palestinian leader , refuses to recognize the jewish state , has made a pact with hamas that calls for the destruction of the jewish state , and every territory that is vacated today in the middle east is taken up by islamist forces , so we want that to change so we can realize a vision of real , sustained peace . '', 
  obama said the exact same thing netanyahu did and the media did n't utter a peep about it :  `` the white house has made the `` realistic assessment '' that a two-state solution between israel and the palestinians will not come to pass during the remainder of barack obama 's presidency , senior administration officials said on thursday night . '', 
  you can see that the israeli media is biased against obama in the same way the international media is biased against netanyahu . 
  63 % of palestinians in a recent poll said that they do n't want a 2 state solution and if one was agreed they would continue violent resistance until all of palestine was liberated . 
  why would israel bother with giving up land for peace if that 's how the palestinians feel about 2 states ? 
  even obama can see it is not a realistic option and peace negotiations are just a sham where both sides try and blame the other , when they both know there will never be an acceptable solution to jerusalem or the right of return . 
  [ here 's netanyahu recently asked about negotiations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5x8j0kxjic ) . 
   or they can ban tobacco advertising in tv and print media . 
  like the eu did in 1991 . 
  do models have to get a doctor 's note saying that they are not smokers ? 
  if not , it 's not comparable . 
  thin models are not advertising their low weight as a product . 
   the army also sets physical standards . 
  actors are discriminated in favour of their good looks . 
  construction companies do n't want rail thin weak nerds , nor do security agencies . 
  a coast guard requires you to be able to swim and do so in an efficient manner . 
  school teachers ca n't wear hot pants ( or for that matter , most people in representative functions ) . 
  lots of people get `` discriminated '' against . 
  in all of these cases , it is the industry setting their own rules . 
  if the army wanted to hire unhealthy people they are legally free to do so . 
  the government should not be regulating the ability of the entertainment industry to hire people that have poor health . 
  it 's the same as if they ban charlie sheen from appearing on tv because he has poor health . 
  sheen is a negative influence on the small amount of people that want to catch hiv , all people who have hiv should therefore be banned from the entertainment industry for the good of public health . 
  how can you logically argue for one and not the other ? 
   classic whataboutism , but i 'll bite , tobacco advertising and any other advertisments depicting smoking or smoking-related paraphernalia are banned in publications and on tv since ages . 
  we 've already covered that . 
  that 's different . 
  it 's comparable to banning advertisements depicting vomiting bulimics , not banning models who are thin . 
  models are still free to smoke outside of their photo shoots , as they should be free to be unhealthy in other ways outside of their photo shoots . 
  you are asking for people with a disease to be put out of a job , shame on you . 
  the average french model has a bmi of 17.6 , so you are asking for maybe a majority , or at least a large minority , of models in france to be fired for having a disease . 
  that 's outrageous . 
  a large number of them wont even be anorexic , they 'll just be thin people with no psychological issue , and you want them fired too . 
  it also can arguably be called racist since many countries have lower bmi . 
  about ~ 30 % of vietnamese women are below the `` healthy '' value western countries assign , and these women are not anorexics . 
  they are being racially discriminated against . 
  anorexia is not caused by thin models , it is a psychological problem caused by a number of environmental factors of which thin models are a symptom not a cause . 
  i do n't even see models very often . 
  i only know a few by name . 
  thin actresses and singers are much much more influential . 
  if france sought to put a ban on unhealthy actresses there would be outcry over it , why do we have no empathy for models in the same circumstance ? 
  they are seen as an evil influence but they are just people trying their best to please the public . 
  on 3 specific questions . 
  they could have picked other questions and the results might have been different .
