   founded on the values of respect for human dignity what does that even mean ? 
  it 's totally subjective . 
   freedom do you have the freedom to murder in italy ? 
   democracy so why is the eu so undemocratic ? 
  it 's not a democracy when someone in malta has 200 times more voting power than someone in germany . 
   equality so why ca n't 5 year olds have the right to vote in italy ? 
   respect for human rights unless you 're a non-muslim in europe , in which case you have no right to freedom of speech . 
   respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights all vague nonsensical terms . 
  france will criminally prosecute atheists for opposing islam . 
  all european countries oppose equality and have laws based on discriminating against people . 
  whoever writes these things is just too stupid to realise that the discrimination they agree with is still discrimination by definition . 
  freedom is meaningless - do you have the freedom to be a nazi in germany ? 
  laws exist precisely to restrict people 's freedom . 
   they 're also in the european convention on human rights the vast majority of europeans , even eu citizens , would strongly oppose the wording of the echr . 
  they never really had a say in it . 
  it 's a horrible document that says for example , you only have a right to freedom of speech so long as it 's not harming public morals . 
  if only we let all the muslims in and treat them kindly then surely they will become liberals !, 
   they invested money in blowing it up too . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  could it be because they were trying to establish peace in a totally unnecessary sectarian civil war where the people of iraq are the responsible party for the violence ? 
  [ it 's basically against the law to be a non-muslim in france now ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39713267 ) . 
  if a muslim mayor said there were too many non-muslims no one would accuse them of racism for it , it 's a right of every religion to seek to convert other people . 
  atheists should have the same right to prefer to have less religious people . 
  france is supposed to be a secular country , but now it 's a country where jews or gays or atheists or cartoonists are not safe anymore . 
  you are the racist here calling them brown people . 
  they are white . 
  their race is irrelevant . 
  their ideology is . 
  the vast majority have views incompatible with a liberal democracy . 
  do you think atheists should be executed for their beliefs ? 
  if not , you should n't want to let in refugees without extreme vetting . 
   or maybe she just thinks that helping brown people is a good thing . 
  bullshit racism right here . 
  why do n't you have open borders then ? 
  let in 500 million of them if you think helping them is a good thing , no ? 
  oh , you only let in ~ 1-2 million because you have an ageing population and want more younger labourers . 
  it was nothing to do with humanitarianism . 
  if it was , you would n't be letting in the most illiberal people on the planet , but aiding them in other countries where they fit in culturally like jordan and turkey , which is what the uk does . 
  crime is not the problem . 
  the fact that 60 % of refugees support the death penalty for apostasy , and majorities are genocidally anti-semitic does n't bother you ? 
  it wont bother you when germany is an islamic state in future ? 
  merkel said that refugees who are anti-semitic are not welcome , and yet she made no test on it and let them all in anyway . 
   riled up over relatively non-issues how are they non-issues that the eu is anti-democratic and can force unlimited third world immigration into our country ? 
  you ca n't remove eu member states though . 
  the eu system was not designed well . 
  even if there was some way to do it , a tiny percent of other eu populace could veto . 
  but the tories are to the left of the current irish government so what does that matter ? 
  too many people use an individual country 's political axis to compare against another country . 
  right wing in one country can be left wing in another . 
  on economics and foreign policy too . 
  ireland has lower taxes and does n't even have free healthcare , you have to pay to see a gp . 
  on foreign policy ireland is part of the third world and not in nato , the president is a supporter of hamas and hezbollah , etc. 
  they 're an anti-western extremely nationalist country . 
  posts about ireland on / r/europe show they have an extreme hatred of the english , which is deeply unfair and is not reciprocated by the english . 
  when i was last in dublin there were posters up all over the place calling for the release of islamic terrorists from prison that had killed hundreds of innocent people . 
  the human rights activists in saudi arabia are much more benign than those dedicated to israel 's destruction . 
  if there was an equivalent ngo in saudi arabia , they would all be executed for treason . 
  it 's easy to be anti-nationalism when you live peacefully in the eu . 
  if germany was surrounded by 50 enemy states trying to destroy it , you would be a lot more nationalist . 
   just saying that they try to destroy israel is pretty much garbage , since there is no proof of that . 
  are you serious ? 
  there 's plenty of proof of it . 
  they support bds . 
  they give names of arabs who sell land to jews over to the palestinian authority so that they can be tortured and executed without trial - and [ they laughed about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ezra_nawi#uvda_investigation_2016 ) . 
  btselem instead of apologising or disavowing , attacked the people who had uncovered the behaviour . 
  people in this thread are so ignorant of the situation . 
  israel actually allows these ngos to exist , germany does n't allow the nazi party to exist so it 's being hypocritical here . 
  not a false equivalence at all , a perfectly fair analogy . 
  those ngos are dedicated to israel 's destruction , [ and literally facilitate the torture and execution of arabs who sell land to jews ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/206141 ), 
  what reforms do germans want ? 
  do they not feel a bit annoyed that someone from malta has 200 times your voting power in the council and 16 times in the parliament ? 
  but reforms to be more democratic would be opposed by all the small countries who dont want to lose their excessive power . 
   especially considering that they invaded iraq and from whence many of the refugees were flowing . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  since the uk invested so much money into iraq already , they should n't have to help as much . 
  soft brexit is worse than remain with the vast majority of brexit voters , so why would they go for a `` compromise '' that is worse than letting the other side win ? 
  her odds were down to 1.1 with the bookies on the day of the election . 
  i know because i bet on her and was excited that the odds had gotten so low . 
  macron 's odds are currently a little worse than that . 
  there have been 0 actually right wing governments , just far left and center left . 
  why use only the last 10 polls ? 
  there were 32 polls done in june , brexit was ahead in 17 of them . 
  averaging the numbers is just one way to do it , but not all polls are as good . 
  an online poll had a 10 % lead for remain , but it really should n't be counted . 
  and there were a lot of `` do n't knows '' which made the polls more volatile . 
  heart disease is a healthy part of a sustainable society , islamism is n't . 
  it 's not about the people they kill , it 's the political impact they will have . 
  they will inevitably take over european countries and take them back into the dark ages . 
  france prides itself on its secularism but that wont last much longer . 
  people from malta should n't have 200 times the power of people from germany . 
  eu is extremely biased in favour of the smaller countries , so naturally larger countries will start to leave as they do n't get a fair say . 
  but they small nations will block any democratic reforms , and the eu made it so that you can have 90 % of the eu population support something and it still ca n't pass qualified majority voting , so reforming the eu is very difficult . 
  you should n't have 0.09 % of the population ( malta ) with the power to give eu citizenship to anyone they want and then those people can move to any other eu country . 
  sure so far malta has n't done anything bad , but it 's always a risk in the future . 
  what if they elected the green party that supports open borders ? 
  eu works only when you have sane governments in control of all eu nations , but with an increasing number of countries , and increasing number of far left/far right governments , and the looming catastrophe of climate change which will create billions of refugees that want to come to northern europe , it 's inevitable that freedom of movement will cause a lot of problems . 
  the only way for freedom of movement to work in the long run is for the eu to have a federal government controlling immigration for the whole eu , like the us has . 
  but eu countries are n't as united as the us is , so they would n't want that , therefore freedom of movement should be optional . 
   he murdered thousands with dronestrikes . 
  not murdered .
