  as i understand it le pen does n't have the power as president to take france out of the eu . 
  it requires a constitutional change which only the parliament can make and that has 0 chance of happening as parliament and the french public want to remain . 
   it 's not a bold statement , it 's a factual statement , that 's common knowledge . 
  it 's not factual . 
  what is factual is that women are slightly more likely to be pro-choice . 
  [ only slightly though ] ( http://content.gallup.com/origin/gallupinc/gallupspaces/production/cms/poll/fhf2hyzfau6p8n65nent4q.png ) and women have at times in the past been more against abortion than men . 
  you 're just being sexist for no good reason . 
  you are from the uk iirc , the only place in the uk where abortion is illegal is in northern ireland , where arlene foster , a woman , was the one who kept it illegal . 
  theresa may also wants to increase restrictions on abortions beyond what any of our recent male prime ministers supported . 
  he also supported hamas and there is a photo of him wearing a hamas scarf . 
  he was a friend of gaddafi , and his main praise towards trump is that he was kind to gaddafi , while he hated barack for helping gaddafi get killed . 
  you have great sympathy for islamic terrorists , but you wont have sympathy for one of their victims ? 
  germany and france have banned the nazi party . 
  how is that not a violation of human rights and separation of church and state ? 
  nazis can reasonably claim to be a religion . 
  we do n't really have separation of church and state in europe anyway . 
  muslims have many of the same views as the nazis . 
  support for the death penalty for non-muslims is over 60 % in jordan , egypt and palestine . 
  if there were polls available it would surely be higher in some of the more conservative muslim majority countries ( saudi arabia , iran , etc ) . 
  it 's a nazi-like belief . 
  i believe that most refugees support terrorist attacks against jews too , judging by how popular hamas & hezbollah are . 
  if it 's ok to ban the nazis , why is it not ok to ban islamism which is also a political ideology ? 
  i oppose banning islam of course , as not all muslims are islamists , they have a fundamental right to have unpopular beliefs , and it will do infinitely more harm than good to ban it . 
  i 'm just showing that it would be consistent with european countries ' already existing restrictions . 
   there is no such country in the world without those same problem areas . 
  i do n't think japan has a problem with hundreds of thousands of people who want sharia law and to behead nonbelievers . 
  the fact it is dangerous in some areas is irrelevant . 
  it 's the same in any large city that some areas are more dangerous for outsiders . 
  what should worry people is that over 60 % of muslims from jordan , egypt and palestine support the death penalty for non-muslims . 
  there are no polls of refugees that i 'm aware of , but it 's fair to assume that those 3 countries and the refugees have similar views . 
  so you let in possibly 100,000 refugees that support executions for non-muslims , and many other deplorable things , and their vote share in your democracy will continually increase . 
  tim pool completely wasted his time here . 
  he should have been interviewing refugees about their views on sharia law , their support for terrorist groups , whether they think it should be illegal to criticise islam , etc. 
  instead he has just served to cover up the problems by only looking at the myth that you 'll be immediately murdered if you step foot in a certain place . 
  that can not happen because each country remains free to let whoever they want from outside the eu into their country , and free to give citizenship of their country to whoever they want , and then these people have freedom of movement to the other states . 
  if you get rid of a country 's sovereignty over non-eu immigration then there are no longer countries in the eu , the eu itself becomes the country . 
   no regard for human rights which human rights ? 
  i 'm sure most irish people have no regard for the cairo declaration of human rights . 
  likewise , british people do not approve of the european convention on human rights because it is deeply misguided and full of exceptions which are left to judges to interpret however they want . 
  according to the echr you have a right to freedom of expression , except if it is not in the interest of public morals , then you can be restricted . 
  what a joke . 
  what percentage of white native non-muslims support the death penalty for atheists ? 
  it 's over 60 % for many of the countries where refugees come from . 
  there will be islamists in european parliaments soon and they will continue to grow in number indefinitely . 
  because if the war in iraq had n't happened , the middle east would have been a peaceful liberal utopia . 
  the main story here should be that most of the muslims there support terrorism ( hezbollah or isis ) , not that he was n't raped . 
  `` islam is peaceful but israel needs to be destroyed and america will be next . '', 
  yeah let 's just push turkey into russia/china/iran 's arms , great idea . 
  republicans are far more liberal than any muslim country . 
  trump does n't want to jail gays and execute atheists . 
  all liberals should oppose both trump and islam , it 's ridiculous to constantly accuse those who oppose islam of being trump supporters . 
   climate change is n't caused by oiverpopulation . 
  indirectly it is . 
  if we had 300m humans , climate change would be a lot lower . 
   to delay climate change you have to reduce populations in third world countries and the us reducing populations everywhere is a good thing . 
  the third world countries contribute by far the least to climate change , why should they have to depopulate but europe does n't ? 
  germany has 9.2 tons per capita of c02 emissions , while nigeria has 0.6 . 
   everyone lived in the eu under our laws the planet would do much better if everyone in the third world polluted the same as the eu it would massively speed up climate change . 
  only china and a few arab countries pollute more than the west . 
  i think you might be mistaking that people in europe have more renewable energy for electricity , but they still burn fossil fuels for travel , and use way way more electricity . 
  coal is still the main source of power for europe . 
   i imagine the response was a lot more possessive when the ira were n't ( mostly ) dead and a political compromise was n't reached [ the exact opposite is true . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_ireland#in_great_britain ), 
   a minority do not get to decide the integrity of our territory . 
  it 's not a minority . 
  the majority of uk citizens would absolutely favour giving ni a referendum , as would a near unanimous majority of the british parliament . 
   practically 100 % would vote no to handing over even 1cm of our territory to that lot . 
  [ most british wanted to until the 2000s , and those that want ni to remain are still a minority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_ireland#in_great_britain ) . 
  none of the major political parties have any interest in keeping ni in the uk against their will . 
  it 's a massive drain on the economy , with a gdp per capita less than half of the rest of the uk . 
  i suppose a problem is that if 51 % vote to join the republic , and the 49 % want to start a civil war over it , it 's maybe not such a good idea . 
  maybe there needs to be a clear majority to try and avoid that , but that does n't concern the rest of the uk . 
  before the good friday agreement , [ the majority of british people outside of northern ireland wanted ni to leave the uk and join the republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_ireland#in_great_britain ) . 
  it has come down slowly since the 2000s because the northern irish want to remain . 
  if northern irish wanted to leave it would go up again . 
  the uk objecting is not something to worry about . 
  it 's not a magical scenario . 
  have you ever watched a detective show ? 
  it happens almost every episode on them . 
  roughing up suspects to get information of imminent importance is not a big deal . 
  there 's a famous one from sweden called bron that you may have watched . 
  spoilers ahead - the main character 's partner frequently `` tortured '' people ( shouted at them , roughed them up a little ) , and the main character was viewed unfavourably for criticising it and being a stickler . 
   torture is both inferior to other means of investigation and interrogation who said you do n't try the other things first ? 
  of course torture is n't the most effective , but it works very well as a last resort . 
  russia used torture very effectively to get hostages released . 
  other means of investigation would have been useless . 
   engaging in torture is a statement that you do n't care about reducing human suffering , as you deliberately cause it . 
  so what 's the point of it ? 
  jailing people is a statement that you do n't care about reducing human suffering , as you deliberately cause it !, 
  i do n't think you 've thought about this very much mate . 
  if we are allowed to deprive the fundamental human rights of petty criminals by locking them up for years , why ca n't we slap a terrorist ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  the point of torture is to protect your nation from security threats . 
  it 's ever increasingly likely that wmds will be used against civilians . 
  north korea has tons of chemical weapons , and has in the past helped islamic terrorists attack the west . 
  suppose they give some over to hamas , and we capture the person who delivered it to them and he wont give us his phone password . 
  we can very mildly torture him to give it up , and we have a very clear proof of whether the information is accurate which gets rid of the argument most people make that torture does n't reveal accurate information . 
  we need to have all options available to us to prevent these sorts of attacks , because millions of lives may be at stake . 
  have a look at the kind of torture americans used on prisoners . 
  it 's more mild than what an average older brother would do to a sibling .
