   the uk was always a big proponent of unanimity by the way . 
  so because i 'm british i have to support everything my government ever did in the past ? 
   for brexit , qmv does n't apply . 
  it 's unanimity because they 're negotiating about treaties . 
  [ the negotiated agreement would need to be adopted by a qualified majority of 72 % of the remaining 27 member states , representing 65 % of the population . 
  the final agreement would also need to be approved by the european parliament , voting by a simple majority . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-2328_en.htm ), 
  they recently jailed someone for a year for remixing the islamic call to prayer . 
  they got given the benefit of doubt on their democracy but it was inevitable their true illiberal values would come out . 
  even the fn would n't do something like that , and you call them fascists yet defend tunisia . 
  it 's the racism of low expectations . 
  [ you might be thinking of the goldwater rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goldwater_rule ) . 
   it is likely the hardest political entity to lobby on the european continent it depends what you 're lobbying for . 
  if you want to block some change ( e.g. 
  environmental regulations ) it 's much easier than in a national government . 
  just lobby a microstate like malta and they can block things even though they only have 0.09 % of the eu 's population . 
  if it requires a qualified majority vote instead of unanimous , you can just lobby the smallest member states representing 5 % of the eu population and they can block it . 
  in national governments you 'd need to lobby over 50 % of representatives to get something blocked which is a lot harder than the eu where tiny minorities can block changes . 
  to become more efficient , the eu needs to remove the extremely disproportionate power that the small nations have . 
  for example , member states representing just 2.2 % of the eu population can block a a super qualified majority vote . 
  but , to remove that power , you 'd need the small nations to agree to it , and that wont happen . 
  eu is fundamentally unreformable and became more and more inefficient and unstable the more countries were added . 
  here 's a few reasons : 1 . 
  eu is horribly undemocratic and when the people of the large nations realise they are being screwed ( which will happen inevitably when some big vote goes strongly against democracy like the brexit deal ) , they will likely leave as the uk has done . 
  a single nation has the power to grant eu citizenship to anyone and everyone in the world , so effectively every eu country has an open border with the whole world if another member state wants them to . 
  greece already threatened to flood europe with migrants in 2015 , including members of isis . 
  if the media bothered to report this maybe other countries would be in the process of leaving the eu . 
  either immigration should be controlled by the eu centrally , or freedom of movement needs to be scrapped . 
  allowing a country as small as malta the power to grant eu citizenship to everyone in the middle east is a disaster waiting to happen . 
  eu was designed to function with ~ 10 large culturally similar countries . 
  the more it expands , the more inefficient and unstable it becomes . 
  since it 's impossible to kick a member state out of the eu , it 's doomed to fail . 
  far left and far right parties are rising all around europe and they ca n't co-operate effectively with each other so why should they be in a union at all ? 
   uk already had the best `` deal '' within the eu i would argue that malta did . 
  it got 200 times more power in the european council per citizen as germany had , and 16 times as much representation in the european parliament . 
  the small nations all benefit way more from the eu than the large ones and its time the large ones all left , as why should they give up their sovereignty to such an undemocratic organisation ? 
  eu is bullying us really . 
  they are allowing member states representing just 2.2 % of the eu population the power to block a brexit deal through the outrageously poorly designed super qualified majority voting system . 
  this gives the small nations a huge amount of leverage in the negotiations . 
  maybe they wont use it , i do n't know , but it 's not fair and the eu must be destroyed so europe can be properly democratic again . 
  oh it 's the place where the [ king of england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_philip,_duke_of_edinburgh#early_life ) was born . 
  you 're getting a lot of criticism , but a map like this is impossible to make while pleasing everyone and you put a lot of effort in and generated discussion so thank you . 
   hypocritically condemning egypt for marriage laws it was n't hypocritical at all . 
  i was n't condemning egypt , i was condemning the bbc 's lying coverage which was implying there is tolerance between christianity and islam in egypt , while ignoring a very important and relevant fact . 
  i also condemn israel 's marriage laws and have done for years , though there is little equivalence between them and egypt in terms of freedom of religion . 
  you do n't get jailed in israel for changing your faith : `` in may 2007 , bahaa el-din el-akkad , a former egyptian muslim and member of tabligh and daawa ( an organization to spread islam ) , was imprisoned for two years under the charge of `` blasphemy against islam '' after converting to christianity '' . 
  there 's no hypocrisy . 
  if the bbc was refusing to call terrorist attacks in egypt terrorism , but similar attacks in the uk were called terrorism , i would point out that bias too . 
  i have been recently downvoted on reddit for defending erdogan 's right to call greece a land of infidels - yet that does n't mean i support him generally . 
  i will defend or criticise any country depending on the specific merits of the case . 
  you should be glad of the hypocrisy . 
  without it , no christian country could have a police force as just one example . 
  jesus said `` do not resist an evil person '' . 
  the pope also says christianity requires the renunciation of all violence . 
  you ca n't have a police force without the potential for violence . 
  the pope said that forgiveness is necessary in all circumstances even domestic abuse . 
  you ca n't imprison anyone if you are a `` true '' christian , as you must simply forgive them . 
  there are some versions of christianity that do practise this , or at least something closer to this ( see : hacksaw ridge ) , but they fail to propagate because most people want to be able to defend themselves and their loved ones from evil . 
  it was inevitable that the non-pacifist version of christianity would dominate as pacifism and loving your enemies is a horrible survival strategy ( see : the dodo ) . 
  there is some basis in scripture for supporting violence too due to the many contradictions in the bible . 
   agnostic atheist : believes that there are no gods and that it is impossible to know this . 
  completely false . 
  an atheist lacks belief in a god , that 's all . 
  it does n't mean they believe there is no god . 
  if something is achromatic does that mean a belief there is no such thing as colour ? 
  no , it means without colour . 
  atheism is without theism , not a belief that theism is false . 
  [ israel permits the same inter-faith marriages that egypt permits ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marriage_in_israel#muslim_community ) : * muslim marriages are conducted in accordance with islamic law and customs . 
  inter-faith marriages are permitted between muslim males and christian or jewish females , but the opposite is not allowed for female muslims . 
  * also , inter-faith marriages performed abroad are legally recognised , as are gay marriages . 
  i never said the bbc had to praise israel 's illiberal marriage laws , so not sure why that 's relevant . 
  the article linked was an example of the bbc 's covering up facts to make islam look good . 
  i did n't say the bbc is never allowed to criticise israel , just hold it to the same standards as other western countries are held . 
  if christians agreed with the pacifist open borders supporting pope , christianity would have gone extinct ages ago . 
  that 's iran . 
   there 's no proof either way yeah but there 's likelihood . 
  what are the chances that the christian god exists , who deliberately made the religion nonsensical so it would be hard to believe ? 
  atheism just means without belief in god , it does n't mean belief there is proof that no god exists . 
  as you say , there 's no proof either way , you should be an atheist . 
  [ it 's not so unusual to have legal limits on religion ] ( http://theweeklynumber.com/uploads/3/4/4/5/34455940/2503482_orig.png ) . 
  though the data used there is questionable , for example marking the us down for requiring prison inmates shave their beards which they say is a government restriction of religious freedom . 
  it probably considers turkey hostile to islam in some ways . 
  [ this page says that while there are no laws against proselytising , christians are sometimes put on trial ] ( https://www.state.gov/j/drl/rls/irf/2001/5694.htm ) : * two turkish christians who had been detained near izmir in march 2000 on a charge of `` insulting islam '' by distributing bibles were acquitted in may 2000 . 
  several christians in istanbul continue to stand trial on the charge of `` illegal assembly '' for holding church and bible study meetings in an apartment . 
   but if i was , me being upset that they 're using a pejorative term is not allowing them to be muslims ? 
  it 's being upset with islam itself . 
  if you want to do so , fine , but be open about it and do n't pretend you are upset with erdogan saying it . 
  you are upset with islam itself and the fact he is a muslim . 
   and it 's islamophobic for someone to take what a muslim said in offense ? 
  if what that muslim said was a core part of being a muslim then yes . 
  if you get offended by the words `` erdogan is a muslim '' , that is islamophobic , and those words are no different in meaning than `` erdogan calls greece a land of infidels '' . 
   also i 've never heard a christian call a non-christian an infidel does n't mean they do n't believe it . 
  why does saying it out loud make it worse than the fact they all believe it ? 
  the bible says : 2 corinthians 6:15 : `` and what concord hath christ with belial ? 
  or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel ? '', 
  so if you find the usage of the term infidel offensive , you are saying that the christian bible is offensive too . 
  it is impossible to `` respect all religions '' because they are inherently disrespectful towards other religions . 
  this is an idea propagated by people that are either ignorant or see it as more convenient to hide the truth . 
   greece is in europe , so he practically said that europeans citizens are infidels . 
  all non-muslims in europe are by definition infidels from a muslim perspective .
