  there is no prejudice on my part to assume that a muslim is a hateful despicable person . 
  that makes as much sense as what you said . 
  just because islam is older than nazi ideology , and has a supernatural element , does n't put it in some extra protected category of ideology . 
  he did n't even say all muslims dance around , he said specific ones did . 
  a muslim could say that , and be wrong about it . 
  it does n't mean he hates muslims . 
  it 's pretty obvious that a large minority ( maybe a majority worldwide ) of muslims do support islamic terrorism ( depending on how you define it ) , that 's not false so by your opinion it 's not bigotry ? 
  terrorism is like bigotry too , it 's not inherently wrong ( see : nagasaki/ecoterror ) , it depends what the motives are . 
  if some mild terrorism was the only way to prevent a genocide ( as might be the case for the palestinians , one can argue ) then it could be acceptable . 
  palestinian terrorism is wrong because their motive and ideology is wrong , not because their tactic is . 
  using simplistic words like bigot and terrorist to only describe people/groups you do n't like is propaganda . 
  as i said , these states can justify independence by actual oppression . 
  show me the evidence of thousands of people being massacred because of their ethnicity in catalonia or scotland . 
  the ussr illegally occupied many countries , catalonia and scotland are not illegally occupied . 
  the chinese people did n't get to decide democratically what to do with taiwan , if they had then it should remain part of china . 
  as it has been so long apart and there has been a huge cultural drift , it 's better to keep the status quo where both governments claim to be the legitimate government of china rather than having a war . 
  the chinese people are just as oppressed as the tibetan people . 
  lots of people say `` free tibet '' , but do n't seem to care to free the chinese people . 
  yes hating nazis is bigotry . 
  bigotry is n't inherently wrong , it 's not a reason to oppose someone . 
  you have to give a more complex argument than just calling someone a bigot . 
  how are you possibly defining bigot here ? 
  hating groups you think deserve to be hated is not bigotry , hating groups you think do n't deserve to be hatred is ? 
  that 's not a very useful way to define bigotry because everyone is going to have their own standard for what groups do/don ' t deserve to be hated . 
  you might as well just say `` i disagree '' . 
  an actual argument against the singer ( not sure what he said or did that you do n't like , but assuming it 's standard anti-muslim rhetoric ) would be to say that muslims are liberal and support western values and all ~ 50 islamic countries in the world are advanced civilizations with respect for minorities . 
  a referendum where spanish citizens are not allowed to vote based on where they live is discriminatory . 
  all spanish citizens have equal sovereignty of the whole of the territory of spain , unless the elected government of spain says otherwise . 
  scotland got a referendum because the rest of the uk voted to give it to them . 
  at least have a good reason for independence , like ireland did 100 years ago . 
  there 's no good reason for scotland or catalonia to become independent , they are not being oppressed . 
  they 're just part of the ultra right wing nationalist movement to [ further divide europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/active_separatist_movements_in_europe.svg ) . 
   so you 're not a bigot because ? 
  hating a bigot does n't make you a bigot . 
  i do n't hate people because of what religion they believe or what color their skin is . 
  yes it does . 
  you hate him because of his ideology , because it involves him hating some other group because of their ideology . 
  there 's nothing special about religion that makes it less acceptable to criticise than political ideology . 
  muslims are the most right wing group on the planet , but people like you think they deserve special protection from hate , even though you hate on the most mildly right wing of non-muslims . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  even if spending was doubled , there would still be negative consequences to making a small cut to it . 
  it 's up to economists to work out the optimum system to grow the economy , corbyn certainly does n't have any insight to offer on the subject . 
  he 's just complaining that the uk is n't like his favourite country venezuela . 
  why do you have a problem with the idea that terrorism is simply more likely based on what we know about the region , how unlikely planes are to have mechanical failures and the fact egypt has had a plane destroyed by a terrorist attack just 7 months ago ? 
  palestine as a geographical territory of the ottoman empire does n't exist any more . 
  the term palestinian at that time mostly referred to the minority jewish population . 
  the rest were considered arabs , not palestinians . 
  so of course `` palestine '' would accept jews at that time . 
  after the creation of israel , when the jews abandoned the name palestinian , the arabs hijacked it and palestine now means the west bank and gaza . 
  so , why ca n't palestine accept jews living there ? 
  you are ignoring the question . 
   loss of territorial integrity at home and abroad what do you mean by that ? 
  what territory did we lose under blair ? 
  sanders is n't winning though so it 's fine . 
  it 's an insane quote because he has also said that `` christianity requires the renunciation of all violence '' , and yet there he is saying he would use violence over a minor squabble . 
  why do you add the h on hellas but not ellatha ? 
  i 'm surprised cameron is not at least in your top 3 . 
  i think the top 2 would be the same for the uk , with the addition of ban ki moon and netanyahu . 
  4 are also probably known better than 3 . 
  maybe it 's just me . 
  people have heard of juncker , but would n't know what country he is from , does that still count ? 
  because nowhere else was available . 
  where do you think they should have gone , antarctica ? 
  there were already a lot of jews still in palestine , and at the time arabs were n't so far behind the west morally , just technologically . 
  the jews thought that bringing prosperity would make the arabs like them . 
   the majority of early zionists believed that the arabs would come to understand the logic and promise of the jewish project in palestine . 
  the arabs , after all , lived in squalor , and the zionists who came to palestine in the senile years of the ottoman empire brought with them innovation , energy , and modernity . 
  my hebrew school textbook put it this way : `` side by side with the jews lived the arabs ... 
  most of them were farmers , working on backyard farms and living in primitive villages . 
  modern life had hardly touched them ... 
  the arab farmers saw the fertile jewish farms and the rapidly growing settlements ... `` see ! '', 
  said the jewish farmers . 
  `` there is a better way to live ! '', 
   another commentator wrote : `` one of the most extraordinary features of the jewish rebuilding of palestine is that the influx of jewish pioneers has resulted not in the displacement and impoverishment of the local arab population , but in its phenomenal increase and greater prosperity . '', 
  it was einstein who wrote this . 
   why should children born into the wrong family be forced to struggle because communism does n't work . 
  of course having rich parents will be an advantage . 
  do you want it to be illegal to have private tuition ? 
   i 'm in sweden right now and here we can go to university for free . 
  that 's # 9k a year back in good ` ol gb . 
  the # 9k is just for tuition . 
  there are other costs of living in attending a university . 
  does the swedish taxpayer subsidise those too ? 
  if not , it 's not much different from the uk system . 
  the poor are not prevented from attending university , they will take on debts that they never have to pay back until they are financially able to . 
  university subjects are very broad . 
  the government sets education standards for children aged 4-18 . 
  universities do n't have these , they can teach nonsense . 
  the taxpayer should n't be subsidising it . 
  can you get a theology degree in sweden paid for by the government ? 
  i do n't support that . 
  if that was the case surely russia would n't be such a huge [ favourite ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/tv/eurovision ) ? 
  i do n't understand why they are , the song is average and surely the winner is a lot harder to predict . 
  26 entries that are all roughly equal and yet one has a 58 % chance to win . 
  how is it a backwards practice ? 
  it would strongly disadvantage poorer countries if this rule was enforced . 
  as it is , poorer countries are allowed to get much cheaper deals . 
  it 's the same for pharmaceuticals . 
  it 's absolutely fair that americans pay the most , and poorer countries pay less . 
  pretty hypocritical coming from you .
