  he was extremely careful to target combatants . 
   in his time the usa was involved in a lot wars he ended the war in iraq , did n't attack syria when hillary and kerry were begging him to , did very little in libya with the uk/france urging him to do more , did n't get involved in ukraine & kept occupying afghanistan to help the people there . 
  if anything , he was much too restrained in his military actions . 
   he imprisoned more whistleblowers than any president before him they were bad people and deserved to go to jail . 
  he had exponentially more whistleblowers to imprison than any other president so it 's dumb to compare . 
   he did not close guantanamo he tried to and congress did n't let him , thankfully . 
  * according to the most recent report , released sept. 2016 , 693 detainees had been released . 
  of that group , 208 had been confirmed ( 122 ) or suspected ( 86 ) of returning to jihadist activity upon their release . 
  * * he transferred five senior taliban officials to qatar in order to secure the release of bowe bergdahl . 
  * * there has n't been a single attack that was rationalized or justified on the basis of guant\u00e1namo . 
  obama 's own guant\u00e1namo review task force previously assessed all 52 of these detainees and determined that none of them -- not one of them -- should be transferred or released . 
  twenty-eight of the 33 detainees approved for transfer by the prb had been deemed `` too dangerous to transfer but not feasible for prosecution '' by obama 's task force . 
  the remaining five approved for transfer by the prb were referred for prosecution by obama 's task force . 
  but instead of being prosecuted , they have either already been transferred or will be . 
  * [ source ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/television/comments/56qpwp/guantanamo_bay_last_week_tonight_with_john_oliver/d8luysq/ )  there is absolut no point why he deserve a nobel peace price there is . 
  he made an agreement with russia to reduce nuclear stockpiles , pledged to end the iraq war , and attempt to have better relations with the muslim world . 
  but the task proved impossible , no matter what obama did as president the muslim world would still be a violent hellhole . 
  kissinger actually did something for peace . 
  even if people like him and arafat and sadat and even mandela were working against peace for a time , they eventually made some good steps towards peace and that 's why they were awarded . 
  what did malala do ? 
  she never did anything for peace . 
  what did obama do ? 
  he had an agreement to work with russia to reduce nuclear stockpiles , and he made a speech to the muslim world to try and improve the relationships there , while pledging to end the iraq war . 
  while it was probably premature , who were the other nominees in his year ? 
  they did very insignificant things . 
  * colombian senator piedad c\u00f3rdoba , afghanistan 's sima samar , chinese dissident hu jia and prime minister of zimbabwe morgan tsvangirai had been speculated to be favorites for the award . 
  * only one of them had accomplished anything yet . 
  they were campaigners who were nominated in support of their objectives , just like obama won for his potential not something he 'd done already . 
  c\u00f3rdoba is an ally of farc that did n't do anything for peace yet , samar is an insignificant afghan women 's rights campaigner who did n't accomplish anything yet , jia campaigns for democracy and other issues in china , but did n't accomplish anything yet , tsvangirai was an opponent of mugabe who briefly shared power with him and did n't really accomplish anything . 
  if you oppose obama winning the peace prize , please suggest which of these other nominees was more deserving . 
  the last one was the only one that accomplished something , but only briefly . 
  looking at a list of past peace prize winners , there are many more bad people than good people there . 
  jimmy carter supports hamas and greatly strengthened anti-american movements around the world as president , and armed oppressive dictators . 
  [ elbaradei was a poor leader of the iaea ] ( http://www.jpost.com/diplomacy-and-politics/elbaradei-is-hardly-israels-dream-candidate-for-egyptian-pm-319209 ) who led the iaea as north korea developed nuclear weapons and was soft on iran . 
  funny you think obama was one of the worst peace prize winners , have you looked at the other winners ? 
  obama is easily one of the most deserving winners . 
  malala won for being shot in the head , and they ignored the fact that she 's a pacifist who says defending yourself makes you as bad as a murderer , and that she idolises the woman who helped north korea develop nuclear weapons . 
  why do you say that ? 
  the uk was as important a part as france and it 's continuing fine without us , why ca n't it continue without france ? 
  what did she say that was racist ? 
  none of the articles about her cases in english include anything remotely racist . 
  she opposed cruel islamic slaughtering of animals strongly and got fined for that for example . 
  there 's nothing racist about that . 
  islam is a political belief system , if it 's inciting racial hate to criticise islam then it 's inciting racial hate to criticise fn or the nazi party . 
   out of any member the uk was in the best position as far as their national independence goes except the uk received the 2nd highest immigration of any eu member , and the vast majority of people disapproved of that . 
  they also foresaw the incoming massive refugee waves that the eu would be forcing countries to accept in and wanted to avoid that . 
  check climate change projections , the uk is one of the few places in the world that will be inhabitable in 50 years time , so leaving the eu was a long term necessity if we want to avoid having a 500 million population . 
   they were able to dodge so much eu legislation not really . 
  cameron went to negotiate compromises with the eu and pretty much all of his demands were denied . 
  the eu is an extremely undemocratic organisation . 
  for example , the final negotiated brexit deal with the eu can be vetoed by member states representing just 2.2 % of the eu population . 
  if that happens , i 'd expect france and germany to leave the eu shortly thereafter as it 's impossible to reform the undemocratic nature of the eu and it is severely biased against larger nations . 
   because rightwing countries like the us us is one of the most left wing countries in the world . 
  more left wing than france , where you can get convicted for criticising islam . 
  freedom of speech is a core left wing value and europe is awful at it compared with the us . 
  are you one of those people who thinks north korea and cuba are left wing ? 
  do you not think it 's outrageous that bridget bardot has been convicted 5 times for criticising islam ? 
  france is at war against non-muslims . 
  the people of ni support brexit now and do n't want independence or to join the republic . 
  they voted remain to keep the status quo and now brexit is the status quo . 
  ni is actually the only country of the uk where a majority of the mps supported leaving . 
  it 's stupid to single out a particular region that is 3 % of the population as if they should always get their way . 
  we do n't let a small village have the same say as london , so why should the eu be any different ? 
  the way the eu is now the large nations will be leaving soon as they do n't want to be in a union that has become a tyranny of the minority , where 1 member state has 200 times more power per capita than another . 
  if you think small nations having such great power is such a good thing , would you be ok with germany dividing itself into 200 different countries all with the same population as malta , and all being eu member states ? 
   what is undemocratic about giving everybody a equal right to vote ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's not a fair description of the eu . 
  what is democratic about giving eu citizens from malta 200 times the voting power of eu citizens from germany ? 
   it 's not . 
  the eu is averagely democratic , it could be better but its no more undemocratic than the uk . 
  it absolutely is !, 
  the eu system basically allows the equivalent of 3 british mps to veto changes . 
  that 's an absolutely outrageous system and no national government would ever function like that . 
  if you like the eu 's system so much why do n't you want any national government to emulate it ? 
  do you want aberdeen to have veto power in the british parliament ? 
  even in the qualified majority voting system an extremely small minority can block changes . 
  the british parliament uses an actual democratic system where the majority rules . 
  anything else is dysfunctional and makes it far too difficult to adapt to crises . 
   but they wo n't , because why would anyone do that ? 
  and if some nation goes overboard , the rest can suspend that country 's eu rights . 
  they may not pass it to all of the world , but they will pass it to hundreds of millions of people in the near future . 
  greece opened its borders to refugees to punish the eu , and the eu just let them get away with it . 
  there was no suspension of eu rights , so why would there be in future when 500 million climate change refugees are allowed to take over europe ? 
  germany is selling out western civilization for its own economic benefit . 
  how can a far right country like hungary or poland support staying in an eu with sweden who say there is no limit to how many refugees it is willing to take ? 
  only because no refugees even want to go there did the refugee crisis not destroy the eu , but the next one will . 
   all the countries bordering greece would simply shut their borders and greece would be stuck with millions of migrants . 
  those countries that want to shut their borders would have to leave the eu , and they should do it sooner rather than later to avoid catastrophe . 
  the only reason for example the calais refugees can not enter the uk is because they do n't have eu citizenship . 
   well it 's contracting now , so it should become more stable and efficient , according to your theory . 
  britain was a large nation so contributed to eu efficiency and stability . 
  if a small nation leaves then it will become more stable and efficient , not when a large nation leaves . 
  a large nation leaving gives more disproportionate power to the small nations . 
  the eu is fairly new and has not done much yet , it is inevitable that there will be more and more undemocratic decisions . 
  it is a fact that 2.2 % of the eu population can block the final brexit deal from being passed . 
  this does n't mean they will actually block it , but they will be able to make large demands in the negotiations that they should n't be able to make . 
   qmv reduces the power of individual nations to veto decisions . 
  as i said , sqmv allows 2.2 % of the eu population to veto the brexit deal . 
  1/6th the population of the uk can veto it .
