  not going to address the che guevara part ? 
  shame on obama for showing kindness to this anti-west pro-russia maniac that leads greece . 
  who hired as his defense minister a guy who later said that if germany did n't renegotiate greek debt he would pave a way for isis to get to berlin . 
  greece had no problem stealing property from their monarchy when they got rid of him . 
  when he sued for his personal property back , the greek government lost but they were vindictive and took the money to pay for the lawsuit out of an emergency fund . 
  so the king set up a charity with the money . 
  if greece was a nice honourable country i would want to give the marbles back , but they are not . 
  they are currently one of the most despicable regimes in europe , ruled by a guy that named his son after che guevara . 
  guevara who was too extreme even for the soviet union , and hated the ussr for not letting him fire nukes at the usa . 
  shows how much respect greece has for the western world . 
   it 's racist to assume the inferiority of others and their inability to care for their stuff . 
  all colonialism is racism . 
  so for you it would be racist to occupy isis 's territory and to have removed historical artefacts to protect them from isis ? 
  there is no such thing as a british or greek race , these are nations . 
  the inferiority is cultural , not genetic . 
  it 's not a racist assumption that they ca n't take care of their own stuff , it 's a reasonable assumption based on good evidence . 
  it 's not their stuff either . 
  just because they happen to live near it does n't mean it is theirs . 
  greece was n't a country until decades after the marbles were taken by brits so what right does the greek nation have to it ? 
  what right does any person have to it ? 
  i do n't have any right to claim the mona lisa as mine just because i live in paris . 
  do egyptians have the right to all ancient egyptian artifacts even though it was a completely different people and culture ? 
  no , they only have a right to the ones in their possession when they became a nation . 
  on the contrary , if the uk leaves then other nations will soon leave as they wont want to be dictated to by germany/france , and european integration will be over . 
  eu popularity in uk is not much lower than in many other eu countries . 
  [ the first poll i found googling shows the eu is even less popular in france ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/05/13/the-new-sick-man-of-europe-the-european-union/ ) , though it 's a couple of years old . 
  the uk is not fighting and dragging out integration , it wants to protect european values as do most citizens of the eu but which germany , greece , sweden and others are working to destroy . 
   radical shift from left to right how are you defining left and right there ? 
  the people who want millions of the most right wing immigrants in the world are the leftists are they ? 
  what myths are there to bust from the eu , did you even read the article ? 
  you can hate the eu and its political decisions but it is not much concerned with disseminating outrageous conspiratorial propaganda as russia is and so there is no need for myth busting . 
  how about the government not paying people to be priests ? 
  i do think of ireland as a real country , just like the uk is a real country even though i 'd like an american union rather than an eu one . 
  it 's normal that nationalist identity trumps geographic identity , and irish is considered to mean citizen of the republic of ireland . 
  israelis are palestinians in terms of geography , but they do n't consider themselves palestinian because it is trumped by israeli nationality . 
  southern irish are geographically part of the british isles , but they do n't consider themselves at all british because their nationality is irish . 
   and the truth is that , as much as the uk likes to present itself as a nation of nations , it is in practice just england and friends . 
  england dominates the uk in politics , in economics , in culture . 
  you can say that about any majority region of a country . 
  mainland usa dominates over alaska and hawaii , why would alaska and hawaii want to be part of the usa ? 
  as a british person i would support becoming the 51st state , even if it would mean less autonomy . 
  it 's about whether you like the politics better . 
  since you like british politics less , you do n't want a union . 
  others would prefer british politics and they 'd like a union . 
  the saudis oppress their own people yes but they have good relations with other countries . 
  they could easily be taken over by an isis-like regime that wants to invade its neighbours and rejects relations with other nations . 
  the saudis do not threaten any other nation , isis do . 
  it 's a huge difference . 
  the middle east and north africa 's population is due to double within 50 years , and a lot of it will be uninhabitable due to global warming . 
  so those people are going to want to move north and they will outnumber the native european population . 
  if their countries are not viable we should not just let them irresponsibly overpopulate their countries and then take over ours with their extreme right wing ideologies . 
  the 15 most anti-semitic countries in the world are all in the middle east and north africa according to a poll done by the adl . 
  comparing native germans to all immigrants ( most of whom are not from mena ) is deliberately misleading . 
  as of 2012 , the largest sources of net immigration to germany are other european countries , most importantly poland , romania , bulgaria , hungary , italy , spain , and greece . 
  even if there are already many anti-semitic germans that does n't mean it must be ok to import millions more . 
  the haavara agreement was an agreement between nazi germany and zionist german jews signed on 25 august 1933 . 
  the agreement was finalized after three months of talks by the zionist federation of germany , the anglo-palestine bank ( under the directive of the jewish agency ) and the economic authorities of nazi germany . 
  the agreement was designed to help facilitate the emigration of german jews to palestine . 
  `` i can only hope and expect that the other world , which has such deep sympathy for these criminals [ jews ] , will at least be generous enough to convert this sympathy into practical aid . 
  we , on our part , are ready to put all these criminals at the disposal of these countries , for all i care , even on luxury ships . '', 
  - hitler , 1938 or was it another part of his post ( refusing to integrate ) you said no to ? 
   perfectly reasonable to reference it here . 
  british people rightly celebrate and value compassion on jews fleeing persecution , so to reject similar refugees fleeing persecution is hypocrisy . 
  they are not similar refugees . 
  the vast majority oppose basic western values , reject freedom of speech and freedom of religion , want the death penalty for gays and apostates , reject women 's rights and so on . 
  they are also not fleeing genocide , it 's a civil war with bad guys on every side . 
  [ how would you respond to this ? 
  ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4618568,00.html ) that 's not foreign media , that 's a swedish journalist pretending to be jewish for just 1 day and getting extreme levels of verbal abuse . 
   i 'm not an atheist though , i consider myself kind of agnostic ( although when you say that you get all sort of labels with it ) . 
  what do you mean by agnostic ? 
  most atheists are agnostic , as are christians and muslims . 
  agnostic is not a very useful label , it is mostly used by people that want to avoid the negative connotations of atheism . 
  you have to be either a theist or an atheist , there is no third option . 
  if you do n't believe in a god , you 're an atheist . 
  if you believe in a god but not religion , you 're a non-religious theist . 
   how about an entire issue of charlie hebdo dedicated to what a joke the holocaust is , abound with jokes about jewish bankers , jewish control of media , etc. ? 
  because that would n't be targeting a religion , it would be targeting an ethnicity . 
  ~ 50 % of jews are secular . 
  your suggestion would be like an issue dedicated to hating arabs , have they done that ? 
  no , they target beliefs , not ethnicities . 
  where did i mention race ? 
  as far as i have seen , greeks and syrians are n't very racially distinctive from one another . 
  the refugees are black , white and every shade of brown just like other europeans are , so race has nothing to do with it . 
  stop playing the race card where it 's not relevant . 
  ernesto tried to nuke the usa and went so far as to hate the ussr for not letting him . 
  some millions of deaths would be worth the price of revolution he said . 
  che is a guy who put people to death without trial , banned rock and jazz music , forced gays into camps and was extremely racist . 
  that 's the sort of guy tsipras considers a role model , and he 's good friends with the terror supporters jeremy corbyn and gerry adams . 
   many refugees were forced to abandon their homes and family because they were pro-american before isis took over and feared for their lives . 
  the level of pro-american sentiment amongst the refugees is close to 0 % . 
  we need to select those that we consider deserving , they should not be allowed to illegally invade our borders without any sort of check that they are islamists who hate western society . 
  and the blessing of the greek government . 
  tsipras lifted the controls on refugees from the previous government . 
  he welcomes them because they hate america like he does - he named his son after a guy that tried to nuke the usa . 
   so no . 
  i highly doubt a persian speaker would coin a phrase using a greek suffix that happens to be used a lot in the west . 
  khomeini 's wikipedia page says : `` khomeini studied greek philosophy and was influenced by both the philosophy of aristotle , whom he regarded as the founder of logic , [ 48 ] and plato , whose views `` in the field of divinity '' he regarded as `` grave and solid '' . 
  [ 49 ] '' greek terms are highly influential because they are used in science and medicine . 
  i guarantee there are greek words commonly used in iranian hospitals , as they are in every other hospital in the world . 
  he also spent time in europe : `` initially he was sent to turkey on 4 november 1964 where he stayed in the city of bursa hosted by a colonel in the turkish military intelligence named ali cetiner in his own residence ... by this time discontent with the shah was becoming intense and khomeini went to neauphle-le-ch\u00e2teau , suburb of paris , france on a tourist visa .
