  so because he 's a jew he ca n't be criticised ? 
  he also undeniably tries to destroy judaism and the jewish state by funding anti-israel ngos . 
  atheists are often worse . 
  soros himself is an atheist . 
  many atheist politicians in the world support islamic terrorism , such as michael d higgins and jeremy corbyn who support hamas & hezbollah . 
  all the experts said the economy would be hugely damaged , with -6 % gdp expected in 2016/2017 by the remain campaign if we voted leave . 
  people still wanted to vote leave because the eu is just that bad . 
  luckily the economic experts proved to be full of complete bullshit . 
  it 's not xenophobia to want lower immigration . 
  only 4 countries in the world have more immigrants than the uk , and it 's risen rapidly in recent years . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to want to be able to control our own borders and laws . 
  no one wants no immigration , they just want it back to sensible numbers . 
   there will always be people who will vilify you . 
  this guy is a bleedin indian gay guy . 
  why the hell does it matter what ethnicity or sex or sexuality he is ? 
  he is elected for his political views , not his personal life . 
  and this guy 's political views include [ supporting a mosque in dublin that advocates the death penalty for gays ] ( http://markhumphrys.com/clonskeagh.html#state.halawa ) . 
  he gives muslims a pass on their anti-gay and anti-jewish views , but will opportunistically jump on bashing journalist kevin myers - [ one of the few pro-israel voices in ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kevin_myers#antisemitism_and_misogyny ) . 
   sf saw their support skyrocket as their hardline stance increased probably unrelated . 
  the 2 largest parties all across the uk got the highest votes they 've had for decades as politics has become more polarised . 
  i blame the internet for making people more extreme in their views . 
  and the brexit/trump effect . 
   the dup thrives on bigotry this is a bigoted statement by you . 
   varadkar is demonstrating how irrelevant this bigotry is unless it 's muslim bigotry , in which case , [ varadkar will write in support of it ] ( http://markhumphrys.com/clonskeagh.html#state.halawa ) . 
  the sdlp and other parties in ni also oppose gay marriage and abortion rights , it 's not just the dup . 
  `` confronts '' moderate christians , [ praises a mosque in dublin that supports the death penalty for gays ] ( http://markhumphrys.com/clonskeagh.html#state.halawa ) . 
  only one of these makes the news . 
  there 's a huge double standard against christians . 
  look how tim farron was treated when he even voted for gay marriage and supported the decision against the bakery in belfast which [ even gay rights campaigners opposed ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/feb/01/gay-cake-row-i-changed-my-mind-ashers-bakery-freedom-of-conscience-religion ) because christian businesses should n't be forced to support political views they disagree with . 
  and i say this as an extremely anti-christian atheist . 
   it would be odd for them to vote to leave something they had democratically given consent too . 
  circumstances change and people change their minds . 
  by your logic no one should ever lose re-election . 
  the eu that ireland voted to be a part of is very different from what it is today , and very different from where it is heading . 
  there will be a billion climate change refugees in the near future heading into europe , will ireland want to accept 20 million of them in ? 
  if not , it will have to leave the eu . 
  the eu 's actions caused the uk to leave , so they are responsible for its consequences by your logic . 
  there 's no reason why ireland ca n't be a special case and have a soft border , except that the eu wants to punish the uk . 
  the common travel area existed long before the eu . 
  lots of borders around the world allow free travel but not free immigration , why ca n't the eu ? 
  people in / r/europe almost all supported the eu implementing free travel with canada , why do n't you support it with the uk ? 
  because you want to punish us and show us how bad it is to leave the eu . 
  in a few years you 'll be dying to leave as well . 
  varadkar sent a letter of support to a mosque in dublin lead by a man that supports the death penalty for gays . 
  hopefully the irish people will soon open their eyes to the folly of their `` everyone who hates the usa and uk is our friend '' ideology . 
  it 's not your island . 
  all borders are in arbitrary places , why should n't an island have a border ? 
  can spain claim all of portugal since it 's their peninsula ? 
  and it 's the eu that will put a hard border , the uk does n't want one . 
  no , the genocide would be if the eu prevents climate change refugees from taking over europe , and lets them die in north africa/asia instead . 
  how do you define a `` people '' that deserve that right ? 
  should london be able to secede from the uk ? 
  should a small town ? 
  should a single family 's house ? 
  countries have a right to territorial integrity . 
  if a people want to `` self determine '' , they have the right , but they have to find land to do it on . 
  the land they live on is sovereign territory they have no right to steal . 
  as a person from the uk , i have a right to live anywhere in the uk , no region of the uk should have the right to take that away from me unless the government gives them that right . 
  i 'm sure the ecthr will want us to pay him compensation . 
  in darkness was a great film . 
  it really pissed me off that roger ebert criticised it , saying it does n't need to exist because schindler 's list already exists . 
  that 's like saying spiderman should n't exist as we already have superman . 
  it was especially frustrating as it was based on a true story and some of the real people worked on the film , only to be told their story should n't be told because a slightly similar film already existed . 
   are against foreign intervention but you 've got to kill their families !, 
  trump was only against the iraq war because he did n't want to waste american money helping brown people , when he could make a deal with a tyrant instead . 
  in the uk you can get arrested just for preaching the bible in public , so we 're not so much better . 
  it 's incredible a gay leader can support a mosque led by a man that supports the death penalty for homosexuality and it does n't hurt him in the polls . 
  yeah higgins loves hamas and fidel castro just like corbyn . 
  when did the native irish come to ireland , 3000 years ago or something ? 
  so if a judge is proven to not want to uphold the law but to be an anti-government activist , it should n't be allowed to remove them ? 
  having no accountability to the public/government is undemocratic . 
  [ this is a more nuanced article about it ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-07-17/who-s-right-in-the-battle-over-polish-courts ) . 
  every justice system has numerous flaws in it . 
  there 's no perfect way to appoint judges , and judges appointing themselves can lead to institutional bias . 
  and the european court of human rights will do nothing about this because the right to free expression can be restricted in the interest of `` public morals '' , i.e. 
  for any reason you want . 
   for a start , race is n't much of a thing here . 
  your country is n't all of europe . 
  the guardian does n't go a day without demonising white men . 
   which is exactly how modern israel started no it 's not . 
  jews were 30 % of the population in 1940 . 
  there were more jews than muslims in jerusalem from the 1880s to the present . 
  jews had been a continual presence in the land as a minority . 
  the jews did n't invade at any point , the land was partitioned into 2 states for 2 peoples just like india and pakistan . 
  healthiest , not straightest or whitest . 
  and that survey did n't test all countries , afaik it was just the oecd ( 35 major countries ) . 
  i 'm almost certain some small country like lichtenstein or monaco has better teeth . 
  when we joined the eu it was very different from what it is today . 
  we shared ideological values with most of the other members . 
  today that is no longer the case . 
  sweden is a nascent islamic state that wants an open border with the middle east . 
  we can not accept retaining freedom of movement with the current eu members under the current circumstances . 
  malta alone can give eu citizenship to everyone in the middle east , then they are free to move to the uk . 
  that 's not worth the risk . 
  ireland will soon wish they had left at the same time we did . 
  people who support the eu are in practice climate change deniers , because they deny the reality of the billion climate change refugees that will be trying to enter europe over the next few decades . 
   ireland never democratically joined the united kingdom i agree with most of what you said , but few regions of any country ever voted to be a part of that country . 
  the english did n't vote to be a part of the uk either . 
  no region of france or germany ever voted to become a part of that country as far as i 'm aware , the borders were set by history . 
  does that mean that bavarians can argue they never voted to be a part of germany so they should have a right to secede ?
