  i support immigration , i just do n't support open borders like the eu . 
  we must be able to pick and choose which immigrants are best suited for the uk . 
  most of the world is illiberal . 
  if we are to remain a liberal democracy , we must favour the immigration of liberal peoples . 
  i 'm sorry that people think less of the uk because they 're uncomfortable with the facts . 
  it 's not hyperbole . 
  freedom of movement is non-negotiable . 
  every eu member state has the right to pass eu citizenship to everyone in the world if they want to , and then every other eu member state has to accept them . 
  as for anti-democratic - the eu is allowing member states representing 2.2 % of the eu population to veto a final brexit deal . 
  please tell me a single national democratic system that allows for anything similar to that . 
  someone from malta has 200 times the voting power in the eu of someone from germany , in the council , and 16 times in the parliament . 
  how is it irrational to therefore call the eu anti-democratic ? 
  you pro-eu people have no legitimate arguments , you just cover your eyes and make false accusations at others . 
   you do know that holding opinions is perfectly fine , right ? 
  so why does germany make it illegal to deny the holocaust or to be a nazi ? 
  germany probably would n't give asylum to the leader of golden dawn because of their beliefs , so why are they allowing in a million islamists with more extreme beliefs ? 
  it 's a clear discrimination against christians/jews/atheists and in favour of muslims . 
  you 're not allowed to block any muslims because they 're an oppressed minority , no matter how evil their beliefs are , but it is fine to block non-muslims for very benign beliefs . 
   deporting them for their beliefs is akin to deporting your opposition for being your opposition . 
  it 's not deporting citizens , it 's blocking the entry of foreigners . 
  i do n't remember anyone complaining when canada and the uk blocked the entry of the westboro baptist church to their countries . 
  they are more liberal than the vast majority of the worlds muslims , so if it 's ok to block them it should be ok to block people with more extreme opinions . 
  or , hear me out , we can secure our liberal democracies from a demographic threat by limiting the immigration of the most illiberal people on earth . 
   it does n't say that freedom of expression has to be curtailed for the protection of health and morals or against crime or whatever . 
  that is what the other redditor was saying , and it is utterly false . 
  no that is not what i was saying , stop lying about me . 
  `` you only have a right to freedom of speech so long as it 's not harming public morals . '', 
  - this is what i said . 
  it does not mean the government will have to prosecute you , only that you lose the right . 
  since the right * can * be curtailed for that reason , it means you have lost that right does it not ? 
  that governments may choose not to punish you for your immoral speech does n't mean you had the right to it . 
  the right to freedom of speech in the echr is therefore non-existent in practise , though of course the activist judges will continue to rule however they want , which just furthers shows how horribly designed human rights are that it is left up to judges to interpret and not part of the actual text . 
   a country with no or very little limits to freedom of expression is n't going to be condemned by the echr i never said it was . 
  the limits on freedom of expression should be decided by national governments , the echr should stop pretending it supports free speech when for example it has ruled that its ok to have laws against blasphemy . 
   basically this means that hate speech laws , for example , are legit with regards to the echr hate speech laws have the same problem . 
  it 's totally subjective what hatreds are allowed and which are n't . 
  a country could ban islam for hate speech and it would be legal by the wording of the text . 
   the echr was written in the 1950s with mainly a british inspiration . 
  as such , it balances out protection of rights with the actions , laws , etc. 
  of national governments . 
  of course it 's a `` balance '' , that 's such a pointless thing to say . 
  human rights are supposed to be the minimum standard all countries have to live up to , but the echr goes way too far in some ways , and nowhere near far enough in others . 
  almost no one would agree with it if they actually bothered to read it . 
  it 's treated like a religious text that no one reads but you 're still not allowed to disagree with anything in it or you must be an evil person . 
   it does n't say that you have the right to hold opinions unless those opinions conflict with public health or morals . 
  it absolutely does say that the government can violate your right to freedom of speech if they deem it to conflict with public health or morals . 
   by this , it means hate speech laws , for example . 
  these are an abhorrent restriction of free speech . 
  the governments and justice systems interpret `` hate speech '' in an extremely biased way such that they find some forms of hatred acceptable ( hatred of whites , males , jews , christians , the english , nazis , terrorists , paedophiles , political parties , football teams , etc. ), 
  and others not . 
  anti-hate groups are themselves by definition also hate groups . 
  amnesty international can be correctly classified as a hate group . 
  hate is not inherently wrong , it 's what you hate that matters , and acting like it is inherently wrong is an extremely authoritarian anti-human rights stance . 
  islam can be correctly classified as a hate group - there are over 100 verses in the qu ` ran about how nonbelievers deserve to be punished for eternity . 
  if a muslim politician were to publicly say that non-muslims deserve eternal torture , would n't you consider that hate speech ? 
  but they should be allowed to say that even though it is hate speech . 
  and if muslims have the right to say that , non-muslims should have the right to oppose islam . 
  hate speech laws are internally contradictory and used to suppress our basic rights . 
   national laws governing the exercise of this right = do you not know that countries have laws governing marriages ? 
  your example is utterly bizarre . 
  yes i do know that . 
  what is your point ? 
  is it or is it not acceptable under the wording of the echr to ban anyone under 30 years of age from marrying ? 
   replace muslim with jew and see how it sounds . 
  false comparison . 
  jews are an ethnic group , muslims are n't . 
  if he had said `` there are too many arabs in france '' , then it would be a fair comparison . 
  or if he said `` there are too many ultra-orthodox jews in france '' . 
  that 's something israelis say about their own country all the time !, 
  it 's not illegal in israel to publicly oppose the growing numbers of ultra-orthodox . 
  and it should n't be illegal in europe to prefer there to be less extremist religious people in your country . 
  if you think it 's not legally acceptable for someone to prefer people not to be muslim , do you also think it 's not legally acceptable for muslims to prefer that people believe in the same religion as them ? 
  is it only non-muslims you want to discriminate against here ? 
  islam 's doctrine says that there wont be peace in the world until all other religions are destroyed and everyone follows islam . 
  by your logic , should islam itself be illegal since it 's calling for people to be muslim and not treating muslims and non-muslims as equals ? 
  in my opinion people have the right to think their beliefs are best , and prefer that there be less people with opposing beliefs in their country . 
   the official israeli narrative and the fn narrative largely overlap in identifying muslims as the n \u00b0 1 problem in society . 
  except israel is more tolerant to its muslim population than any eu country . 
  arabic is one of 2 official languages . 
  sharia courts are legally recognised . 
  they even ban jews from praying near their holiest site because a mosque was built on top of it and the muslims get mad if jews pray near it ( it 's ok to visit , as long as you do n't pray ! ) . 
  i do n't think a european country would do such a thing . 
  the only similar thing i can think of is mount athos in greece where women are banned for religious reasons . 
  they belong as much as ireland . 
  the irish president praises hamas and hezbollah , who are worse than saudi arabia . 
   hatred of freedom of speech is n't that what you currently have in france ? 
  bridget bardot has been convicted 5 times for saying relatively benign things about islam . 
  a mayor was recently convicted for saying there are too many muslims in france , which is a reasonable view any non-muslim should have . 
  muslims are also welcome to believe that there are too many non-muslims , and should not be criminally prosecuted for it ( of course france would n't prosecute muslims for doing the same thing ) , it 's absurd . 
  no because echr specifically defines marriage as between a man and a woman , and says that marriage is only allowed if its in accordance with the national laws . 
  echr is not a progressive text , it 's an outdated one that almost everyone would disapprove of if `` human rights '' was n't such a cult that you 're not allowed to disagree on . 
   the european convention on human rights . 
  have you read this one ? 
  i challenge anyone to read the whole thing and still think it 's a good thing . 
  it does n't represent real european values . 
  according to the echr , you have the right to hold opinions , unless those opinions conflict with public health or morals . 
  the echr says that men and women are allowed to marry , as long as its in accordance with the national laws . 
  so a country can ban anyone under 90 years old from marrying , and this does n't violate the echr . 
  why even bother writing it ? 
  a child can poke holes in it .
