  europe 's brief period of liberalism is coming to an end . 
  in recent years many people around europe have been arrested just for criticising a religion that says they deserve to be tortured for eternity . 
  when european liberals finally wake up it will be too late to do anything about it . 
  thanks for your great rebuttal . 
  do you deny that corbyn called fidel castro , a genocidal communist dictator , a `` champion of social justice '' , or are you going to argue that actually castro fed the hungry so therefore his horrific oppression and evil behaviour is ok ? 
  left wing = secular democracy & civil liberties . 
  cuba is not a democracy and has one of the worst civil liberties records in the world . 
  the cold war is over , communism = left wing no longer has much explanatory power and should be discarded . 
   yes , i 'm sure shia iran has funded all the sunni terrorist organizations that have attacked the west over the last 15 years . 
  iran was a main funder of hamas , a sunni terrorist organisation . 
  it 's indisputable that they were funding those killing our troops in afghanistan and iraq . 
  they had 3 factories developing the bombs that killed our troops , they paid thousands of dollars in bounties for every attack , and they supplied the weapons . 
  that 's despite the fact that the killers were sunnis . 
  [ please inform yourself ] ( http://jcpa.org/killing-americans-allies-irans-war/ ) . 
  it 's a great shame that you would laugh about this when you are so misinformed . 
  [ iran has been known to work with al qaeda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism#september_11 ) : the u.s. indictment of bin laden filed in 1998 stated that al-qaeda `` forged alliances ... with the government of iran and its associated terrorist group hezbollah for the purpose of working together against their perceived common enemies . 
  '' [ 54 ] on may 31 , 2001 , steven emerson and daniel pipes wrote in the wall street journal that `` officials of the iranian government helped arrange advanced weapons and explosives training for al-qaeda personnel in lebanon where they learned , for example , how to destroy large buildings . 
  '' [ 58 ] saudi arabia on the other hand is the main enemy of aq and isis and has bought very advanced weaponry from us to fight against terrorists . 
   you got ta drop the kool-aid for a bit no , it 's you who needs to open your mind and not just buying all the anti-saudi propaganda from russia and other anti-west media outlets like the guardian & the intercept . 
  bin laden was never trained by the us :  the story about bin laden and the cia -- that the cia funded bin laden or trained bin laden -- is simply a folk myth . 
  there 's no evidence of this . 
  in fact , there are very few things that bin laden , ayman al-zawahiri and the u.s. government agree on . 
  they all agree that they did n't have a relationship in the 1980s . 
  and they would n't have needed to . 
  bin laden had his own money , he was anti-american and he was operating secretly and independently . 
  the real story here is the cia did not understand who osama was until 1996 , when they set up a unit to really start tracking him . 
   it was always galling to the americans , and i can understand their point of view , that although they paid the piper they could not call the tune . 
  the cia supported the mujahideen by spending the taxpayers ' money , billions of dollars of it over the years , on buying arms , ammunition , and equipment . 
  it was their secret arms procurement branch that was kept busy . 
  it was , however , a cardinal rule of pakistan 's policy that no americans ever become involved with the distribution of funds or arms once they arrived in the country . 
  no americans ever trained or had direct contact with the mujahideen , and no american official ever went inside afghanistan . 
  it 's racist because saudi arabia was not behind 9/11 , and they are only linked with 9/11 because some of the hijackers were racially saudi arabian . 
  it would also be racist to have a photo of the boston bombing over russia , since the terrorists were originally russian . 
  no one would even dream of linking russia to it , and the fact that the vast majority of people think saudi is linked with 9/11 is clearly a racist double standard . 
   there 's lots of brown people across the middle east `` brown people '' that are actually just white people that you decide to call brown because you 're a racist ? 
  do you think steve jobs is a `` brown person '' ? 
  his biological parents are from syria . 
  arabs are not a `` brown '' race . 
  arabs are an ethnicity like jews , they can be any race but most are white . 
   is hating americans racist too ? 
  or the russians ? 
  yes : * the united nations use the definition of racial discrimination laid out in the international convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination , adopted in 1966 : * * ... any distinction , exclusion , restriction or preference based on race , color , descent , or national or ethnic origin that has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition , enjoyment or exercise , on an equal footing , of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political , economic , social , cultural or any other field of public life . 
  ( part 1 of article 1 of the u.n. international convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination ) [ 75 ] * national origin is something you are born with the same as race is . 
  it 's ok to hate american culture or politics , not to automatically hate a person that was born in america , unless you also hate all humans or something . 
  why would n't we take advantage of the horrible system as it 's been designed ? 
  do you pay more taxes than the government asks from you ? 
  no , you do whatever the system lets you do . 
  it 's absurd how people continue to defend the extremely undemocratic nature of the eu . 
  he clearly still supports them and is just saying that for the public . 
  he called them committed to peace and social justice and said it 's a historic mistake for them to be considered a terrorist group . 
  such an ignorant view , and consistent support of them over decades can not just be waved away as soon as he 's looking to be elected . 
   you do get that the dup are the political wing of militant terrorists , yeah they are not . 
  this is totally false . 
  dup & sinn fein are both legitimate political parties with no terrorist wing whatsoever . 
   even now , their non-militant policies are considerably to the far right of anyone else in the uk . 
  except labour . 
  supporting genocidal communists and anti-semitic terrorists is far further right than any view the dup have ever held . 
   the dup are a militant , extremist party , whose links with the irish terror movement are even greater than sinn fein 's . 
  absolutely false and anyone who knows anything about northern irish politics can tell you that . 
  none of the dups mps are linked with terrorism in their past , while most of sinn fein 's leaders are literally former terrorists , many having been convicted of terrorism . 
   cowardly and unfeeling it 's not unfeeling that corbyn supports genocidal communist dictators and islamic terrorists ? 
  what about their victims ? 
  theresa may is a much more feeling person than corbyn who only cares because the victims supported him . 
  he supports genocidal communists like ch\u00e9 guevara , and does the exact same things he spent years criticising the previous government for doing . 
  so how are the labour party able to run for parliament when they are anti-semitic , support islamist terrorists and genocidal communists ? 
  why do you assume that people in northern ireland being allowed the democratic right to have representatives join the government would put the peace process at risk ? 
  labour tried to make deals with the dup in 2010 and 2015 . 
  sinn fein also run in the republic of ireland . 
  there is no problem at all with the dup being in a coalition . 
  if anything a pro-ira labour government being elected would do a lot more damage to the peace process but you obviously do n't care about that . 
  there 's a clear double standard here . 
  dup are n't officially sectarian though . 
  and they are far less extreme than the current labour party . 
   an extremist right party from northern ireland dup are less extremist than the current labour party , the leader of which referred to fidel castro as a `` champion of social justice '' and supports hezbollah & hamas . 
  false . 
  may did go to the scene . 
  you think corbyn would show up to comfort the victims if the ira blew up an apartment building ? 
  the people there hate may and just want her to show up to attack her , as was shown during her recent church visit . 
  it 's totally understandable she does n't want to go , as the media would just use her negative reception against her . 
  that 's just stating a fact though is n't it . 
  the media narrative , even on reddit , was all blaming this on the tories even though the building was built under labour and labour mps supervised it . 
  how is it brainwashed to note that corbyn is a terrorist supporting communist who has dedicated his career to attacking the western world ? 
  if people are unaware of that the media is doing a terrible job . 
  if member states representing a small minority of the eu population veto it , the eu will be greatly damaged and shown as the extremely undemocratic institution that it is . 
  phytoplankton will all die off at 6 degrees of warming , they produce 2/3rds of our oxygen , we 'll all suffocate . 
  [ it 's not misleading at all ] ( http://www.euanmearns.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/germany_coal_renewables.png ) . 
  germany increased coal power plant usage since 2009 to make up for their closing nuclear plants . 
  why would you prefer humanity to extinct in 100 years time than have some nuclear waste lying around ? 
  it 's racist . 
  just because the hijackers were saudi does n't mean it had anything to do with saudi arabia . 
  [ iran actually trained al qaeda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism#september_11 ) . 
  the main goal of 9/11 was to get the us military out of saudi arabia , if saudi arabia was behind it they could just kick them out themselves , no need for terror . 
  they are taking over the world by exporting their religion around the world , terror is counter-productive to that goal . 
   one , full fledged federalization , and macron is making a good case for it with beefed up democratic systems and a removal of national vetos at the eu level if he proposes this , any state can veto it . 
  malta representing just 0.09 % of the population could veto it . 
  the rest of the states could respond by removing malta 's voting rights but that requires unanimity of all the other states , and the other half dozen small nations are unlikely to support it since they 'd be next . 
  why would they vote to give up their hugely disproportionate power in the eu system ? 
  the eu is fundamentally unreformable the way it was set up and macron is wasting his time . 
  why would jordan torture him ? 
  they 'd probably give him a parade .
