  corbyn would be the first prime minister in history to have espoused support for the murder of his own nation 's troops . 
  he has praised iran and received money working for their propaganda television outlet that is now banned in the uk . 
  he has come to the defense of anti-semites like [ stephen sizer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_sizer ) that deny the holocaust and blame jews for 9/11 , and said it was a `` pattern of demonising those who dare to stand up and speak out against zionism '' . 
  these are not left wing positions . 
  dumbing down our politics into left and right is very problematic . 
  every country has its own issues and every party has a different mixture of left wing and right wing positions . 
  people think oppressive dictatorships that ban christmas are left wing if they have socialist economic policies , but that 's not what the term is supposed to mean . 
  the cold war is over , communism lost , we do n't need to define left & right by economics anymore . 
  can we not compare brexit to trump ? 
  brexit is 0.0001 % as bad a decision . 
   isis is directly armed & funded by saudi & qatar false . 
  isis are an enemy of saudi arabia and have attacked the country . 
  saudi arabia have shut down mosques that support isis and jailed literally thousands of people that support them . 
  expressing sympathy for isis is one of the fastest ways to get sent to jail there . 
  isis 's main desire is to take over saudi arabia , but they obviously have more realistic goals in the short term . 
  the idea that the saudi government funds isis has no basis in evidence . 
  when you have an increasing islamist population , democracy does n't look so appealing anymore . 
  see how democracy works in islamic countries . 
  women get jailed for having sex outside of marriage . 
  so you 'll accept in a rich islamist but turn down a poor liberal ? 
  you are going to destroy the liberal values of the uk in the long term . 
  it 's already happening , with the uk becoming increasingly hostile to jews . 
   we have n't had a serious terrorist attack in 11 years , so we 're clearly doing much better in terms of immigration and integration than a lot of continental europe is at the moment . 
  why is your standard of extremism the number of terrorist attacks ? 
  they do n't have to ever commit a terrorist attack to get islamist mps into parliament . 
  it is anti-semitic when they target jews only . 
  arab illegal settlements get ignored . 
  in fact , [ the eu has spent millions funding illegal arab settlements in the west bank ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/as-i-see-it-the-eus-illegal-settlements-448359 ) . 
  in light of that , how can you deny the anti-semitic motive behind this ? 
   i see huge opposition to saudi arabia there is no movement to boycott saudi products or deny their right to exist ... 
  the eu does n't label western sahara or cyprus products . 
  it 's clearly anti-semitic to label jewish produced goods in a disputed territory . 
  calling them `` israeli '' settlements is wrong , they are only targeting the jewish ones . 
  jewish settlements . 
  arab israelis are n't called settlers . 
   maybe westminster would pay rent . 
  the new scottish government wont have to buy all the land off of the uk to get independence , so it 's only fair that the uk does n't have to pay rent during the transition ... 
  the us did n't have any problems starting coups in iran with uk . 
  there is one that is considered a coup , but it 's a misnomer . 
  it was done legally by the shah and was totally justified . 
  [ much more detail in this great comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5bmlfw/im_a_muslim_navy_veteran_who_saw_firsthand_what/d9pu9cs/ ) . 
   ni is extremely conservative in social attitudes and tribalistic when it comes to politics . 
  in northern ireland , 84 % said they would be comfortable with a family member marrying someone from a different religious background . 
  in the republic of ireland , that figure was slightly lower at 79 % . 
  in northern ireland , 86 % said they would be comfortable with someone from their family marrying someone with a different skin colour . 
  south of the border the corresponding figure was again slightly lower at 83 % . 
  ireland is the most conservative country in the eu when it comes to abortion rights . 
  northern irish people are pretty liberal , it 's the political parties which are religious and people have to keep voting for them because there is no alternative . 
   europe and its big ally with its habit of propping up dictatiorial regimes and funding extremist organisations , only to then go on military adventures against those ( and whatever civilian population happens to be around ) has everything to do with this situation . 
  no it has nothing to do with it . 
  middle eastern countries choose to be violent , the us has not forced them to be and has in fact kept them much less violent than they otherwise would be . 
  democracy does n't work out so well everywhere , look at iran . 
  they had a chance for democracy but instead 99 % of people voted for an oppressive theocratic dictatorship in the referendum . 
  the same would happen in other countries like jordan , egypt and saudi arabia if we did n't support their moderate dictators . 
  jordan is a country where a soldier that opened fire on a bunch of jewish school girls killing many of them is called a hero by over 90 % of the parliament , and it 's only the fact the country is a monarchy that the soldier is kept in jail . 
  the people of these countries consider hitler a hero , and you think its all the us 's fault that they have problems ... 
  it 's incredible how misguided you are . 
  if these were white christian nazis from the us i doubt you 'd want them coming to europe . 
  international law only applies if countries want it to . 
  the current situation shows it needs to be reworked as it does n't make any sense to have a law that says your country can be invaded and taken over and you ca n't defend yourself from it . 
  it 's their choice to drown . 
  europe 's open border policy encourages illegal immigration and creates more drowning deaths than a closed border policy would . 
  nations have a fundamental right to defend their borders and continue to exist . 
  by your logic , 50 million chinese refugees could enter south korea and then vote for china to annex the country and it would be wrong for south korea to try and defend itself . 
  that is what is happening to europe . 
  islamists now realise they do n't need to win a war against the west they can just get welcomed in and then become the majority in time . 
  there is no such thing as `` anti-human rights '' . 
  human rights are subjective . 
  the cairo declaration of human rights is very different from the european one . 
  if every eu country made their own human rights list , they would all be different . 
  the uk would have some that other countries do n't have , does that mean the rest of europe is anti-human rights ? 
  isis give jobs to people too , so they are pretty useful to some people . 
  well is n't that normal ? 
  if the usa does n't want to join the eu , surely it would n't want other countries to join ? 
  obama came here saying the uk should stay in , but he did n't want the us to join because he knows it is good to have sovereignty over your own country so he was really arguing in bad faith . 
  the problem with the eu is it carries too much risk . 
  any one state doing something bad can fuck up the rest of the states . 
  if greece decides to flood the eu with isis members , the eu cant stop it . 
  they decided to do it , and that 's why britain narrowly voted to leave . 
  if greece had n't elected syriza and destroyed european stability , britain would have stayed . 
  the rule is basically that people are whatever religion they say they are . 
  you can argue that mormons are not christians because joseph smith , like muhammad , was a new prophet with a new religious text . 
  and since muslims are n't christians then neither are mormons . 
  but mormons call themselves christians so they are . 
  muslims do n't call themselves christian ( even though they think jesus is the messiah ) , so they 're not . 
  simple . 
  by your logic , applying a strict rule , any christian who believes in the use of violence in self defense is not a christian because jesus said to turn the other cheek . 
  therefore there are pretty much no christians in the world . 
  islam will not disappear , it will dominate the world inevitably due to birth rates . 
  the best thing we can do is to modernise it like happened with christianity . 
  saying muslims who oppose shariah are infidels is not helping in that goal . 
  the problem is that even if none of the refugees are personally terrorists , the vast majority support terrorism and want to turn europe into an islamic state . 
  european civilization and liberal democracy is being existentially threatened . 
  what parts of history ? 
  tsipras is an atheist but loves russia so it ca n't be just about religion . 
  tsipras even named his son after a guy that wanted to nuke the usa to kill millions of people and hated the ussr for not letting him . 
  opinion polls show that you are wrong . 
  ~ 30 % of greeks have a favourable opinion of the us , compared to 60-70 % average in eu . 
  greece has by far the highest opinion of russia in any eu country , at 61 % favourable . 
  the rest of europe is in the 10-30 % range .
