  the very founder of hrw has criticised the organisation for furthering the goals of terrorists : * due to the organization 's failures , founder robert bernstein published an article in the new york times strongly criticizing the organization for ignoring severe human rights violations in closed societies , for its anti-israel bias , and for `` issuing reports ... that are helping those who wish to turn israel into a pariah state . '' *, 
  people are enjoying the most privileged period in human history in every western country . 
  even in a huge recession there is unprecedented prosperity even down to the poorest people . 
  we should be focused on more important issues that divide us , we do n't have much disagreement on economics anymore . 
  communism is dead . 
  the problem of poverty is all but solved . 
  name 1 western country with a significantly different economic system to the uk . 
  there is n't one , it 's all basically the same . 
  arguing over tiny differences when there are such huge differences in other areas of policy is a bad use of time . 
   the us is so far right of all of western europe in every single type of policy . 
  how could you possibly believe this ? 
  germany literally collects taxes from people based on what religion they are , and gives them to those religions . 
  america has separation of church and state . 
  secularism is one of the 2 foundations of leftism ( the other being democracy ) . 
  america is more secular than any european country , even if the people are more religious . 
  america has greater freedom of speech . 
  america is to the left of ireland on economics , i 'm not sure about other european countries but i 'm sure there are many others . 
  the only thing europeans think they are so great for is universal healthcare , but america is currently aiming for universal insurance coverage which is basically the same thing , and what many european countries already have rather than a government run health system . 
  what definition of left and right are you using exactly ? 
  even if you consider something like abortion rights to be a left wing issue , it is legal in every state in the us while there are european countries like ireland where abortions are illegal . 
  gun rights , statism , a strong military and things like that where america is different from europe are not left/right issues at all . 
   thats called prejudice , ad you still seem to think there is 1 generic muslim . 
  clearly you dont have a clue . 
  it 's prejudice to know that the vast majority of arabs are taught anti-semitism in their schools ? 
  if you show me an arab person , i will not judge them based on that alone , i will give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  they can be a liberal for all i know . 
  but if you are talking about a whole country , it is fair to judge them by the values that we know they teach and believe in . 
  i said islamists not muslims , because i recognise there are liberal muslims just like there are liberal christians . 
  [ i would welcome someone like this to the uk ] ( http://www.israelhayom.com/site/newsletter_article.php?id=5727 ) , because he has shown to have much better values than his people . 
  the uk has banned the westboro baptist church from entering , a group of christian pacifists , and everyone was pleased about that . 
  it is only fair we ban any foreign muslims that are less liberal than them , which is  90 % of them . 
  to not do so is extreme anti-christian prejudice . 
   so every immigrant damages you ? 
  couple of tens of thousdans will take over the uk ? 
  how did i say every immigrant damages us ? 
  you are creating a straw man because you have no argument . 
  i oppose illiberal immigration only . 
  i do n't care if we have a million immigrants a year , so long as they have similar political values to what we already have . 
  i do not want my country to go backwards into the dark ages . 
  a political party will want to let in immigrants who will vote for them in larger numbers than their opposition . 
  that is a huge conflict of interest . 
  the vast majority of the people oppose this immigration , and yet both major parties continue it . 
  it is why the tories won the last 2 elections and why ukip won the eu parliamentary election . 
   why/how/who has made you so scared and filled you with this crap ? 
  [ muslims have over 50 countries of their own ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world#middle_east_and_north_africa ) , and only a couple are remotely liberal . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  and what of palestinian crimes ? 
  there are hundreds of firebombings of israeli businesses a month . 
  these have the support of the palestinians and their government , unlike israeli terrorist attacks which are widely condemned by israelis . 
  it 's also irrelevant to the point - msf knowingly supports genocidally anti-semitic terrorist groups . 
  that some `` israeli '' settlers ( you mean jews , not israeli - israeli arabs are not considered settlers by msf ) are bad people does not excuse that . 
  education is a privilege . 
  how can you argue otherwise ? 
  as an adult , i have no right to a free education . 
  children only have the privilege of a free education in rich countries up to a certain age . 
  education of course should be a priority , but it 's not a right . 
  a failed state is n't inherently violating human rights . 
  services that you require other people to provide to you can not be human rights , or that will potentially require slavery to enforce . 
  there is a difference between `` legal rights '' , and `` human rights '' , the latter are things that must exist even if you are the last human on earth . 
  if it was the right to access education provided it is available and you can afford it , then that would be fine . 
  we can deny peoples basic human rights depending on the circumstances . 
  children are denied the right to not be enslaved . 
  prisoners are denied the right to freedom of movement . 
  we can deny child molesters the right to internet access . 
  this makes them very complex , and riddled with obvious exceptions . 
  it sort of denies the purpose of them . 
  when people hear `` human rights abuser '' , they think that 's a bad thing , but in the vast majority of cases it is n't . 
   the right to be tortured . 
  could you elaborate on that before i call you a saddist ? 
  i do n't have time to read that wall of text , but you should be able to give those examples where it 's `` justified '' fairly easily . 
  a group is about to launch an act of nuclear terrorism and a person you have captured has knowledge about it , will you be willing to threaten them with solitary confinement so that they will reveal the information to you ? 
  if not , you will be responsible for the deaths of millions . 
  when people hear torture , they think of causing extreme pain and bodily harm but that 's not what the vast majority of torture involves . 
  almost every police show or movie i watch there are examples of technical torture , and these are things the audience enjoys seeing and does not have a problem with . 
   human right groups often end up supporting terrorism . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  google the name of a human rights organisation , check their wikipedia page , and look at the criticism section . 
  for example , [ human rights watch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_human_rights_watch ) :  in february 2011 , hrw appointed shawan jabarin to their mideast advisory board . 
  jabarin has been called `` dr. jekyll and mr. hyde '' by the israeli supreme court for his roles in the militant popular front for the liberation of palestine and the human-rights organization al haq . 
  hrw 's decision to include jabarin on its mideast board evoked criticism from robert bernstein , stuart robinowitz ( a new york attorney who has made human-rights missions for the american bar association and helsinki watch in yugoslavia , bulgaria and el salvador ) and gerald steinberg , president of ngo monitor . 
  these groups regularly work in support of known terrorists . 
  the most well known israeli human rights group [ knowingly gives names over to the palestinian authority to be executed for the crime of selling land to jews ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/206141#.v2z0dljob4u ) . 
  the direction the eu is heading , with increasing tolerance for islamists and decreasing tolerance for jews is something i want to escape . 
  leaving the eu is necessary to change that , even if we are the worst for it . 
  we can not change other eu countries , we can change our own . 
  why do people only care about economics ? 
  every western country has a fine economic system , the details are n't so important when you look at the massive differences in other areas of policy . 
  a 30 % tax rate or a 40 % tax rate is hardly a significant difference when you compare it to electing a government that wants to work against climate change or one that denies it altogether . 
  or a government that wants to jail people for posting jokes on facebook and criminalise offending religions and one that supports freedom of expression . 
  parental leave is not purely left wing . 
  the nazis had it and saudi arabia loves it . 
  it 's obvious why ultra-religious people and nationalists would favour it - they want to increase their population and their power . 
  leftists and secularists should oppose that . 
  the us is far further left than europe in many regards . 
  freedom of expression is much more heavily curtailed in europe . 
  on economics there is really not that much difference , so it is mostly irrelevant . 
  on social issues it 's about the same . 
  on foreign policy again the us is further to the left of europe given the amount of money it spends helping out other peoples around the world . 
  i do n't know why europeans think the us is so far right . 
  the christian right are not the government .
