  for example , sweden receives extra points for discriminating by gender , and whoever designed this index thinks it 's good to discriminate by gender if it means more representation of women . 
  they mark greece down a lot for having high anti-semitism , but sweden does n't get marked down for it even though there is a hell of a lot of very extreme anti-semitism in sweden . 
  jewish teachers are told that they ca n't get a job because the students are too anti-semitic . 
  the mayor of malmo said jews bring attacks on themselves for not opposing israel . 
  the uk should n't be scoring so much higher than the us . 
  we 're less free than the usa in many respects ( freedom of expression in particular ) and i ca n't think of anything significant where the us laws are less free . 
  we have all the same surveillance state stuff the us has . 
  we have more state owned media and the press in general is much more tightly restricted than in the us . 
  the us gets marked down a lot because `` black and latino inmates account for a disproportionately large percentage of the prison population '' , but that 's not necessarily because the government is n't free enough . 
  the uk prison population is also racist - blacks are 6 times more likely to go to prison than whites . 
  the us happens to have much more racial diversity than finland , it 's unfair to punish the us for that when finland 's racism has n't really been tested . 
  basically what the index is saying is that if you believe in imprisoning criminals , this makes your country less free . 
  depends if jeremy corbyn wins election , he 's very pro-russia and anti-nato . 
   because the complexion of the people who shaped our civilization in the past should not inform our opinion on what makes up a good government . 
  he never claimed that though . 
  the other presenter demonised white people for no good reason , and he responded by pointing out white people have contributed a lot to our civilization , implying they do n't deserve to be sidelined completely in american politics . 
  the other guy literally said `` if you 're optimistic , you can believe this will be the last time old white people will command the republican party '' . 
  that 's horribly racist against white people and king was right to push back against it . 
  but the media left out that context so it looked like king just started praising the white race for no reason which would have been racist . 
  it 's amazing that if you say one race of people should n't be in politics , it 's not controversial and is considered a liberal viewpoint . 
  but if you simply say that race has contributed a lot to our society , you get called racist . 
  so why was steve king , republican congressman , called racist when he replied to a presenter at the republican national convention saying he 's sick of there being too many white people , that white people contributed most to western civilization ? 
  [ even supposedly non-biased media like vox was calling him racist for what is clearly 100 % fact ] ( http://www.vox.com/2016/7/18/12218672/steve-king-racist-ignorant ) , oh and they took out the context of the other guy demonising white people to make steve look worse . 
  but all countries discriminate by nationality . 
  the human rights laws are too broad and parts of them get ignored by everyone because they make no sense . 
  are n't all 3 pro-russia ? 
  yeah the uk invented the shia/sunni conflict , middle east would be peaceful liberal utopia if not for perfidious albion ... god forbid iraqis ever take the blame for their own behaviour . 
  if germany or japan turned into terrorist states after we occupied them after ww2 , would you blame us for that too ? 
  the solution is for greece to elect a pro-putin anti-american government that threatens to send isis members to berlin ... oh wait that did n't work , maybe try something else . 
  the us economy was always going to be the biggest . 
  they had a larger population than any european country by 1920 except the russian empire which was very poor . 
  in 1938 the whole of europe put together had only a 50 % higher gdp than the usa . 
  climate change will make humanity extinct in 100 years at the current rate , we need to make some drastic changes to try and avoid that do n't you think ? 
  at least those who deny climate change can explain why they do n't want to do anything about it . 
  those who know it is happening but are doing almost nothing are worse . 
  the nhs is one of the biggest contributors to climate change in the uk , it needs to be reformed . 
   her refugee approach was as christian as it can get . 
  but if she was truly christian , she would completely disband the military and police forces too , as jesus said `` do not resist an evil person [ but turn the other cheek ] '' . 
  welcoming refugees who want to kill christians , jews , gays & cartoonists is on the same level of evil as that , so why does she do 1 and not the other ? 
   germans are very humanitarian for obvious reasons it 's not very obvious . 
  the nazis were allied with muslim countries , and a lot of them still idolise hitler to this day . 
  merkel admitted that she had introduced a huge increase in anti-semitism into germany . 
  humanitarianism sometimes means opposing people who are against basic civil liberties , not just always supporting people because they are suffering . 
  welcoming islamofascist refugees is the opposite of humanitarian in the long run . 
  it 's just ignorance of them that makes people like them . 
  [ the snp literally endorsed an islamist candidate last election ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ) . 
  if they ran in the uk their deplorable views would be more widely known and they 'd lose badly . 
  what difference would that make ? 
  the tories would still win . 
  proportional voting would have given us a tory/dup/ukip coalition , better off without it . 
  do you really not understand how that 's totally different ? 
  crimea was ukrainian territory . 
  ukraine is a sovereign state . 
  there is no right to take any of their land without their permission . 
  palestine is not and never has been a country . 
  whatever their territory is to be has yet to be agreed . 
  there is no border yet . 
  if the palestinians would bother to come to negotiations ( which netanyahu has been asking for since 2014 ) they might get a state , in which they could ban jews from living in if they wanted . 
  this is nonsense . 
  israel has no intention of going to war with iran or having the us go to war with them and never had . 
  iran is not some weak little country like iraq or afghanistan . 
  the iranian people would not support an invasion like the iraqi people did , and even then it created a long-lasting civil war . 
  tens of millions of people would die in a war with iran . 
  israel simply pressures iran to get the best deal . 
  if israel supported the iran deal , iran would be very suspicious and likely try to get more out of it . 
  at the absolute most , israel had plans or a desire to bomb a few strategic targets in iran , and accept some kind of response from iran ( some missiles or terrorist attacks ) in return and that would be the end of it . 
  but the time for that has long since passed , iran can not be stopped by bombs anymore . 
  iran actually agreed to let israel land jets in iran in 1981 after they bombed iraq 's nuclear facility . 
  iraq responded to another nuclear site bombing in 1990 by sending 42 scud missiles into israel , destroying 4000 homes . 
  israel is n't preventing a palestinian state , it desires that . 
  it 's just impossible when the palestinians wont agree to it and instead want to destroy israel . 
   watch the vox videos on the settlements , they 're relatively unbiased . 
  not true at all , they are extremely biased you just are n't knowledgeable enough to spot their bias . 
  [ here 's one example ] ( http://www.dailywire.com/news/2907/voxsplain-vox-video-israeliarab-conflict-robert-kraychik ) , and [ another ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/53hkds/israeli_settlements_explained_by_vox/d7t4gh2/ ) . 
  these are indisputable factual inaccuracies in the video designed to push an anti-israel agenda . 
   ultra-right ( also ultra-religious ) government such as the israeli one netanyahu is secular . 
  he has a couple of small religious coalition partners and that 's it , and those parties are often considered left wing even though they are religious . 
  israel is by far the most left wing and liberal government in the middle east right now . 
  that you are painting them as such extremists shows an anti-semitic double standard . 
  germany aggressively invaded poland , it 's not the same at all . 
  israel and palestine do not have a border between them . 
  it 's a disputed territory . 
  the precise borders of what is the occupation are not known . 
  a green line was drawn after a ceasefire in 1949 , in which both sides agreed : [ the armistice demarcation line is not to be construed in any sense as a political or territorial boundary , and is delineated without prejudice to rights , claims and positions of either party to the armistice as regards ultimate settlement of the palestine question . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green_line_%28israel%29 ) the international community treats it as a national border when neither side ever agreed to it . 
  the formula for peace always states `` mutually agreed land swaps '' , no one expects israel to go back to the indefensible green line . 
  settlements take up only 3 % of the west bank . 
  israel is only 0.02 % of the middle east . 
  and yet you are presenting them as akin to the nazis trying to take over the whole of europe . 
   even members from left-wing parties said similar things ( both in pvda ( labour ) and the sp ( socialists ) ) . 
  so do these people just need to be informed about the views of the majority of people from mena , who would support the killing of wilders for insulting islam ? 
  because their policies make no sense otherwise . 
  it really seems there 's a huge lack of knowledge in europe , people think if we are just kind to islamists , they will become secular liberals . 
  do you support the arrest of obama if he steps foot in the eu ? 
  he has committed more war crimes than tzipi livni , who was never even pm . 
  israel can arrest any visiting european leader too , since they are funding terrorism through aid given to the palestinians . 
  greece seems to produce a lot more original music for its size than most countries , does the government fund it like in sweden ? 
  it was obvious what it was though . 
  how would they get data for which person is most followed by people from that country only ? 
  unless twitter themselves gave it out , which they do n't .
