  relying on the goodwill and understanding of 0.09 % of the population is not a risk worth having . 
  no national government would ever implement such a crazy system . 
  opposing refugees the majority of whom have the most right wing and illiberal views on earth , including supporting the death penalty for non-muslims , is pretty left wing i feel . 
  how is the eu led by germany ? 
  they have the same voting power in the council as malta . 
  ireland will be wishing they left as soon as we did when there are 500 million climate change refugees over the next decade and you have freedom of movement with all of the countries that will accept them in without you having a say in it . 
  the eu system is set up to be as ineffective as possible in dealing with crises as 0.09 % of the population of the eu can veto changes . 
  [ bbc uses different language when there 's a terrorist attack in the eu ] ( https://bbcwatch.org/2017/03/23/absurdity-of-bbcs-language-when-reporting-terrorism-guidance-on-display-again/ ) than when there 's one in israel . 
   leftwing parties can be very conservative like we have here in the netherlands with some hardline christian parties . 
  original definition of left wing is support for secularism & democracy . 
  conservative christians can be left wing if they support separation of church and state & democratic elections . 
  almost all parties in europe are left wing , but it becomes meaningless to have a left/right axis if everything is left wing , so we call the slightly less left wing parties right wing for convenience . 
  sometimes the left/right split is backwards , like in the uk at the minute where the previously left wing labour have become extremely right wing , and the previously right wing tories became more moderate . 
   youre confusing multiple things as well . 
  you did n't point out any of the `` multiple '' things i confused . 
  i never said christians ca n't be left wing or that the left ca n't be authoritarian . 
  the left might for example support extreme environmental regulations that could be considered authoritarian . 
  the ussr is right wing because it was 1 . a dictatorship and 2 . did n't have freedom of religion . 
  dictatorships can be considered left wing , if they share policies with other left wing political groups aside from the lack of democracy . 
  jordan 's dictatorship could be considered left wing for example , since the lack of democracy is the only thing stopping it turning into an extreme right wing islamist country , as happened to iran when the progressive secular shah was removed . 
  people see the ussr as left wing because it was ostensibly communist , but economics should not define left/right anymore since the argument over economics has been solved for decades . 
  every country is capitalist with variance in the precise tax rates and amount of regulations . 
  when `` radical left '' politicians are elected in europe , such as hollande or tsipras , their economic policies remain almost identical to what the right wing parties had been doing . 
  so it 's much more useful when left/right correspond with progressive secular values , and particularly relating with social issues and foreign policy issues ( e.g. 
  supporting russia & iran is not left wing , even though many european `` leftists '' do that ) . 
  imagine national parliaments had this system . 
  where every 0.09 % of the population could veto things . 
  or in the times where the eu only requires a `` qualified majority '' to pass a law , where you can have 70 % of the population agreed ( rarely happens in elections in democracies ) but still ca n't pass the law because you did n't get enough sparsely populated regions to agree . 
  it 's an extremely ineffective way to run a government and goes against the basic democratic values europeans are supposed to support . 
  and then there 's the problem that the eu has freedom of movement between members , but also each member state has its own immigration policy . 
  so imagine each state of the usa had their own immigration policy and could pass us citizenship to any foreigners they want , and then those people would have freedom to move to other states . 
  it would n't work at all . 
  freedom of movement inherently requires a joint foreign policy for stability . 
  but somehow the people of the eu let this catastrophe happen to our nations . 
  where any 1 member state of the eu has the legal power to threaten and destroy the rest . 
  like greece did in march 2015 when the greek defense minister threatened to flood europe with migrants including isis members if they were left in economic crisis . 
  why anyone wants to remain in the eu after that i can not understand . 
  anyone who cares about the environment should n't also care about the living conditions of the animals since it is terrible for the environment to give livestock nice living conditions , and animal suffering is a quadrillionth as significant a problem as climate change is . 
  killing the pigs `` humanely '' is 99.99 % as bad as what is in this video . 
  they are still highly intelligent animals that do n't want to die , and breeding them for meat causes a huge amount of damage to the environment . 
  greece has a small population , it can not afford to be overrun with turks if they are in the eu . 
  so turkey can just get 1/7th of their population to `` flee '' , and greece will turn into a majority turkish state that they can democratically annex , good idea . 
  iran was n't really a coup . 
  it was a legal removal ( coups are supposed to have to be illegal ) of a dictator prime minister ( he rigged multiple elections , indefinitely suspended parliament and gave himself power to pass any law ) by the shah , and a new prime minister was appointed from the parliament . 
  a year later , the pm directly preceding mosaddegh was in power again . 
  the us effectively pressured the shah to restore democracy , and greatly improve his country . 
  so few people get their facts right on this . 
   then one can see why we 're seen as the baddies . 
  iran went from complete economic meltdown , to experiencing an economic miracle with unprecedented growth and liberalisation . 
  the iranian people were infinitely better off . 
  only because jimmy carter was elected and stopped supporting the shah , instead pressuring him to release all religious extremists from jails because he cares so much about `` human rights '' , did the iranian revolution happen turning iran into an extremely oppressive theocracy . 
  the other examples of cia coups are so much more egregious i do n't know why you choose iran which is actually an example of very positive american foreign influence . 
  mosaddegh was n't under soviet influence , so his removal was purely legal and justified . 
  1:40 `` it is really a democratic body '' - says the guy about a council where a member representing 0.09 % of the population can veto . 
  where you can have a majority of member states with just 13 % of the population . 
  where a `` qualified majority '' vote ( the closest there is to democracy ) can deny the will of 85 % of the population because not enough small nations agreed . 
  so many times they reference things , give a biased conclusion about it and then give no detail for the viewer to learn anything or make their own mind up . 
  they talk around 10:00 of british exceptions being a huge mistake , but they give no detail what they are or why the uk wanted them . 
  britain was still a net contributor , so how were the exceptions so unfair on the rest of the eu ? 
  apparently the treaty of nice did n't go as well as hoped , but no specifics were given so i am unable to decide an opinion on it for myself . 
  32:30 eu wants to build a real functioning external border now apparently , but does n't give any details what that would entail . 
  will member states have to give up their right to control their own non-eu immigration ? 
  it 's very well made & cinematic , but should have been twice as long with more detail given . 
  i 've flicked through bits multiple times now and still remained totally confused . 
  the transcript does n't make much sense as is . 
  the bit about thatcher and papandreou never went anywhere . 
  is there really albanian and italic spoken in greece ? 
  [ this page has more detailed maps for greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_greece#ethnic_groups.2c_languages_and_religion ) . 
  looks like only 50,000 speak that albanian dialect , the map made it seem like it was the dominant language in that area around athens . 
  do you oppose the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki ? 
  that saved millions of lives by deliberately targeting innocent civilians in order to terrorise the nation into surrender . 
   what was absurd was a calling an internal uk civil war such a piffling trivial title like `` the troubles '' . 
  they made it sound like some sort of miasma in another room . 
  intifada just means shivering . 
  do you think they were trying to downplay that too ? 
  you 're reading way too much into it . 
  they could have called it `` irish-british conflict '' to be ultra-neutral but people would n't use that term , and it 's unfair to the nation of ireland to bring them into it when like you said it 's an internal uk civil war . 
  so it would have to be `` northern ireland civil war '' to be the most neutral . 
  newspapers probably do n't want to have to use such a long boring term . 
  death tolls do n't show you who the good or bad guys are . 
  america killed a hell of a lot more japanese in ww2 than the other way round . 
  israel kills way more palestinians than the other way round . 
  israel should not have to apologise for the fact that they protect their own lives . 
  american police killed 963 in 2016 , and 135 police were killed . 
  does that mean the police are the bad guys ? 
  death count does n't show how evil someone is . 
  hitler got really really lucky to be able to kill that many . 
  there are thousands of people in history who would have loved to , but they never had the opportunity . 
  ch\u00e9 guevara wanted to nuke the usa , and hated the ussr for not letting him . 
  if he had , it would have probably killed more people . 
  is he less evil than hitler just because khrushchev held him back ? 
   osama never visited sweden . 
  he did when he was young actually . 
  but it 's russia that invaded ukraine and annexed a large part of it , should n't they be the one that gets punished for it rather than ukraine which did nothing to deserve it ? 
  i do n't think you can be so sure of top 3 . 
  there are a lot of countries . 
  sweden has an extremely corrupt stated funded media , and government censorship , should n't that bring the score down ? 
  either we block refugees , and they will stop coming and thus lives will be saved and europe will remain liberal , or we give them visas to move to europe and lives will be saved and europe will turn into an islamist continent over time . 
  letting millions make a dangerous journey is the worst option if you care about human lives . 
   if we do n't value the life of a refugee the same as our own , then we do n't have any right to criticize erdogan .
