  it was estimated that 250,000 of the current refugees in europe would eventually move to the uk and that 's just the beginning . 
  the crisis is n't over , it will only get worse and worse over time . 
  the fact we can stop them in 2017 is just temporary , they will get citizenship in a few years , and their children will have citizenship , and they have many more children than native europeans . 
  the average syrian is 24 years old . 
  the average gazan is 18 . 
  the average german is 46 . 
  you do the math . 
  germany will be an islamic state in future , so long as we do enough to stop climate change wiping out the human species entirely . 
  does germany plan to give 0 refugees or their children german citizenship ? 
  stop being delusional . 
   i voted remain and i 've never heard that we 'd have to accept - millions - of refugees . 
  do we have the power to turn away eu citizens from entering the uk ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not aware of any limit on them , and [ this article says we can only limit non-eu immigrants ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10436228 ) . 
   or is this one of those statements where because technically it could happen ( though never would ) you can phrase it that way ? 
  are you a climate change denier ? 
  if not , you should be aware that most of the middle east and north africa will be uninhabitable in a few decades , and these are the countries with the highest population growth . 
  over 50 % in some places are under 18 years old currently . 
  they wont have enough water or food to provide for themselves . 
  there will be at least 500 million climate change refugees seeking to move to europe in the 21st century . 
  do you think not a single eu country will let any of them in ? 
  stop sticking your head in the sand about this . 
  the refugees are not some temporary one off , it will get worse and worse and we need to have the legal power to control our own borders to remain a liberal democracy . 
  sorry for the delay , i can spend 8 hours a day replying to reddit comments so sometimes i take a little break from it . 
  i 'd appreciate if you gave it a second thought . 
   he was talking about dropping from champions to league one , and you ca n't drop from uefa to efl . 
  where did he say you can drop from them ? 
  he 's talking about the drop in quality . 
  if i say it 's like going from the olympics to a primary school sports day , would you criticise the fact you ca n't drop from the olympics to a local sports day ? 
   both are which are the top national leagues . 
  not a particularly good comparison . 
  the comparison is about the quality of play . 
  most of the players in the irish league have to work other jobs to get by , they 're semi-pros . 
  league one is a much higher standard than that , even if it 's not a `` top national league '' . 
   she did n't kick her niece who holds the same views and says the same things is her niece a holocaust denying anti-semite like her father ? 
  anyway , it 's irrelevant as the poster was drawing on the genetic link between them which is not fair even if there is an ideological link . 
  it does n't even make sense as darth vader 's children were on the opposite side as him . 
   lol , sure , do you think people is stupid ? 
  what makes you think i 'm lying ? 
  i despise putin and was an extremely strong supporter of hillary during the us election . 
  you can find plenty of proof of that in my post history , for example [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4bzqd7/christopher_hitchens_speaking_honestly_about/d1dv7yz/ ) where i argue that christopher hitchens would have supported hillary even though he wrote an extremely negative book about the clintons . 
  macron was my pick out of all 5 candidates in the french election , as the only one that was n't anti-western nut job . 
  it 's just typical reddit smearing people and having a black and white view on everything . 
  the vast majority of british people who voted leave do not like trump or le pen , stop equating them . 
  she kicked him from the party . 
  she should be treated as an independent person with her own views . 
  i support macron just in case people think i 'm supporting her here , i simply think it 's unfair to attack politicians because of who their parents are . 
  i have very different political views from my parents and so do most politicians . 
   she has the exact same political role as her father . 
  so what ? 
  obama had the same political role as people that supported slavery and denied women the right to vote . 
  political views change over time and with the generations . 
  i did n't say it was racism . 
  it 's a similar logic to racism - you 're bad because of your skin colour , or you 're bad because of your genetic link to your parents . 
  pretty close to racism , judging a person for their genetics rather than their beliefs or behaviour . 
  merkel 's father was a troop leader in the hitler youth , but we do n't judge her for that . 
  amazon and facebook were not making profit a few years ago , and yet their market caps were huge because of the potential in the near future . 
  jeff bezos increased his wealth last year by $ 27 billion , yet amazon only made $ 2b in profit . 
  does that mean his wealth is fake ? 
  champions league always refers to the european competition in the uk . 
  it makes no sense for him to refer to the eu as a 2nd tier league to begin with . 
  uefa champions league is the top tier of football possible , so that 's what the eu is for him . 
  he then compares it to a much lower form of football , which league one in the uk is the most obvious example of for him . 
  why on earth would he start his comparison with the championship ? 
  he was establishing the quality of play , not whether it is possible to go directly from one to the other . 
  he could say one is the premier league and the other is the irish premiership . 
  that 's not implying you can get demoted from the pl to the irish league . 
  the eu has free trade deals with egypt , jordan and turkey . 
  you really think they wont want one with the uk ? 
  anyway , the us and australia do n't have 1 and they 're fine so i 'm sure the uk will be too . 
  they did n't say the eu would break up , only that other countries will leave . 
  do you really believe none of the 27 member states will leave in the next ~ 50 years ? 
  it 's inevitable that some will leave . 
  far right and far left governments are gaining power in many countries as moderate politics is losing ground . 
  malta leaving the eu does n't mean the eu has broken up , and if you think it does , then the eu has broken up already with the uk leaving . 
  that term `` full access to the single market '' is a bit confusing i think is all . 
  if you asked them more specifically if the uk would be leaving the eu but remaining in the single market like norway , the vast majority of leave voters would say no . 
  if you asked them if they want to retain freedom of movement for eu citizens , almost all would say no . 
  so it 's just a case of them not knowing what the term meant . 
  look at the first answer : only 72 % of leave voters think britain will get more national sovereignty . 
  it 's a fact that the uk will have more sovereignty so long as it actually leaves the eu . 
  so why did even 28 % of leave voters say no ? 
  because the people were confused by the poorly worded statements and did n't know what they were really answering . 
  there 's ignorance on all sides , and the statements they picked were not all possible statements . 
  it 's easy to come up with statements that would show remain voters to be extremely ignorant . 
  `` remaining in the eu means that we must accept millions of refugees '' - probably 90 % of remain voters would say false even though it 's true . 
  they are welcome to leave the eu if they believe that the eu becoming more democratic is a bad thing . 
  as it is , large nations will be leaving as they wont want to be subject to tyranny of the minority . 
  so whatever happens the eu is doomed . 
  this majority is expressed in terms of membership , which means 22 states if you consider a 28 member eu . 
  the 22 largest states have 98.58 % of the eu population . 
  so what were you saying no to ? 
  i guess you can argue that not everyone in those member states would agree with their government representative 's decision . 
  i should have said `` member states representing 98.58 % of the population '' to be less confusing . 
   my interpretation is that the member state potentially being sanctioned is not allowed a vote in this context . 
  yes i know , they say that in the article 354 that they link in your original link : * `` for the purposes of article 7 of the treaty on european union on the suspension of certain rights resulting from union membership , the member of the european council or of the council representing the member state in question shall not take part in the vote and the member state in question shall not be counted in the calculation of the one third or four fifths of member states referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 of that article . 
  '' * what is confusing to me , is whether it requires 80 % of member states plus parliamentary approval , or unanimity . 
  if any part of it requires unanimity then it seems the whole thing requires it . 
  `` the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states '' - why does the proposal have to be by 1 third , but the act itself by unanimity ? 
   any source on israel allowing organizations that are dedicated to its destruction ?
