  20 % for netherlands . 
  16 % for the irish leader . 
  people love to bash the uk and usa election systems and just assume that other countries are better when they are not . 
  they 're saying the us primaries are undemocratic , even though 16 million ( 5 % of population ) people voted for hillary clinton . 
  compare that to 134,446 voting for cameron to be conservative leader ( 0.2 % ) or just 14,000 ( 0.088 % ) voting for the leader of the netherlands in his party leadership election or 0 voting for merkel to be leader of her party . 
  we do n't want to leave the eu because of eastern europeans though , they can fit into our values just fine . 
  we must leave the eu because of culturally suicidal countries like germany and sweden who are accepting millions of the most illiberal people on the planet , and in ~ 8 years they will have the freedom to live anywhere in the eu . 
  it 's not acceptable that 1 eu country can decide to let anyone into the eu and the rest of the eu has to deal with the damage . 
   even though they only got 35 % of the vote , on a 64 % turnout with proportional representation you 'd have a coalition of tories , ukip and the dup . 
  much better to have the tories on their own . 
  with a 2 party system the tories would win easily , this way they get to have a functioning government and extremist parties are kept out . 
  countries with proportional representation like israel do not work as well - you get extremist ultra-orthodox parties in the coalition even though 70 % of people voted for secular parties . 
  every country has a similar turnout to 64 % . 
  it 's a large sample size and there 'd be little difference with 100 % turnout . 
  you 're deliberately trying to mislead people . 
  the uk government can be replaced , and will be in the event of a brexit . 
  politicians want to stay in power , they will not be doing something radical with turkey against the will of almost all british people . 
   preety easy to then ask for asylum in the uk in accordance to international law . 
  they have the right to seek asylum , not the right to be granted asylum . 
  we can keep migrants in camps at the border . 
  i 'd rather have a recession than have to take in a million people in a year the majority of whom want a second holocaust like germany has . 
  a game costing hundreds of millions to develop needs to make a profit . 
  the cost of games has been going down for the past 20 years and not keeping up with inflation . 
  n64 games cost the equivalent of $ 100 dollars today , and yet their budgets were less than $ 1m . 
  they were much more profitable than modern games . 
  battlefield and the dlc will cost less than that . 
  this way people who do n't want the dlc can get the game cheaper . 
  90 % of modern game releases lose money , so making more money out of the few games that actually make money seems reasonable . 
  that way ea can afford to take some risks funding smaller developers . 
  dozens and dozens of good developers have shut down in recent years and yet people still think developers are extremely greedy for wanting to make a profit . 
  so keira knightley and paula radcliffe wont be allowed to appear on any ads ? 
  film stars and athletes are way more influential than models are . 
  [ he 's a putin puppet ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2012/apr/17/world-tomorrow-julian-assange-wikileaks ) who pals around with hezbollah , just like [ snowden ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/04/the-lies-edward-snowden-tells/360893/ ) . 
  he decided not to release a leak about russia because he prefers to only damage the western world and not damage his close relationship with countries like russia . 
  him wanting britain ( what about scotland and northern ireland ? ), 
  to leave makes me consider voting remain . 
  there is not much evidence for the armenian genocide either . 
  certainly not compared with the holocaust . 
  it was mostly just a civil war in which civilians were massacred for being an enemy , not for their race . 
  i 've got to agree with you here . 
  a couple of incidents of assholes should n't be tarnishing the whole event that hundreds of thousands of people are visiting . 
  yeah if you argue us interests are a peaceful stable world full of prospering people , she is doing it because of us `` interests '' . 
  yeah you 're right , it 's an irrelevant side issue to leaving the eu . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.algemeiner.com/2016/04/05/swedish-jewish-activist-not-surprised-israeli-teacher-in-malmo-told-to-seek-employment-far-from-school-children-who-hate-jews/ ) . 
   so basically you are a neo nazi idiots ? 
  lol i do n't want people who want another holocaust to come into the eu , and you call me a nazi ? 
  [ green here is 3rd world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:cold_war_alliances_mid-1975.svg ) . 
  there is a correlation with poorer countries , maybe that 's what was meant , but poverty does n't matter for immigration either . 
  poor people can still have liberal values . 
  [ green countries here are full of mostly liberal people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2016_freedom_house_world_map.png ) , and immigrants from non-green countries ( with some exceptions ) should be avoided . 
  who has a clue what is the right tax number ? 
  if you ask 100 people what the tax brackets should be , they will all wildly disagree , and you will have labour supporters who want much lower taxes than tory supporters . 
  ask 100 british people what the number of immigrants a year should be and almost all will say less than the current numbers , and yet neither tory or labour governments will lower immigration . 
  labour want immigration because poor immigrants are more likely to vote labour , and tories want immigration because more low paid workers makes rich people a lot of money . 
   but in the us ? 
  is trump about nationalism ? 
  is he more of a nationalist than hillary ? 
  yes . 
  trump 's foreign policy is basically `` america first '' . 
  hillary is a liberal interventionist who believes in america making large sacrifices to improve the world and help their allies . 
  you basically just said `` i disagree '' but in more words . 
  liberal nationalism absolutely is a good thing . 
  a small minority of the world 's nations are liberal , and they should remain nationalistic lest they become illiberal , like sweden is currently doing . 
  now jewish teachers in sweden are discouraged from teaching because the young people are so anti-semitic . 
  if only sweden had embraced its own values and culture , instead of embracing anti-nationalism and welcoming hundreds of thousands of people who hate western civilization ... 
  multiculturalism means accepting shariah . 
  having some cultures viewed as acceptable and others as unacceptable is not multiculturalism , that 's just the norm . 
  pakistan is not a liberal country full of enlightened people . 
  we should n't have such high immigration from countries like that . 
  the minority of pakistanis who are liberal should be welcomed , but our pakistani immigrants have overwhelmingly come from the illiberal majority of pakistanis . 
   migration : you 'll limit migration from europe - ok , but the number of migrants from third world countries wo n't change and it may even increase to replace euros loss in the long run - was n't this the issue ? 
  it 's not 3rd world countries that are the issue . 
  we have little problem with immigrants from ireland or india . 
  we have a problem with islamist immigrants whom the eu has been accepting by their millions . 
  we want europe to become more liberal , not less . 
  currently the eu is on the path of extreme illiberalism and we need to get out . 
  it 's extremely illegal to deny the holocaust in germany , but a million who want a 2nd holocaust are welcomed in . 
  it 's totally backwards . 
  and we can limit 3rd world immigration if we want to , they are our borders and we can change parliament if they do n't want to . 
  we ca n't stop eu immigration except via this referendum . 
  true . 
  but there 's no real reason to unite . 
  if you identify as irish and live in northern ireland you can get an irish passport , you can speak irish , you can play irish sports , you can freely cross the border and identify as an eu citizen if you want to . 
  you get the benefits of both countries really . 
  what benefit is there to uniting the island ? 
  slightly lower taxes ? 
  the troubles would likely start up again even worse than before . 
  a lot of northern irish will absolutely not want to be part of ireland . 
  it would be better for the republic to rejoin the uk than ni to leave . 
  but the irish harbour an irrational hatred of the british due to ancient history so that is n't an option . 
  northern irish republicans tend to be more left wing , but the uk government is more left wing than the irish one ( on economics , immigration , foreign policy ) so it makes sense to remain in the uk politically , and continue to identify as irish culturally . 
  the economics for the uk do n't matter compared to the other reasons for leaving . 
  it will be + -2 % gdp difference at most either way and people will barely notice the difference . 
  there are mixed arguments about it ( though generally most experts think leave = bad for economy ) and it 'd be best if people just ignore the economics as it is too complex for ordinary folks to understand . 
  northern irish gdp is 1/3rd of ireland 's per capita , they wont want a united ireland because of that . 
  england massively subsidises ni and they are lucky to be a part of the uk . 
  economics do n't matter . 
  germany and sweden are destroying the eu with their insane refugee acceptance rates . 
  the uk does not want to be a part of that . 
  these people will have freedom to move to the uk in the future , and there will be millions more every year .
