  if there was proportional representation in the british parliament it 's likely the extremist parties in northern ireland would not win any seats as their voters would rather go for the large moderate british parties rather than the extremist nationalist ones we have here . 
   normal eu business is qmv not unanimity . 
  unanimity is only for the biggest issues like membership applications and foreign policy . 
  but i was n't talking about unanimity . 
  i was talking about the sqmv that is used for the brexit deal which allows 2.2 % of the population to veto it . 
  i do n't think you 've thought about what normal qmv actually means . 
  55 % of member states representing at least 65 % of the population sounds nice when you do n't think about it , but when you do you realise that the smallest 12 states are only ~ 7 % of the eu population , and they can block things . 
   states can have voting and representational rights withdrawn under article 7 . 
  very unlikely that croatia would lose its voting rights for blocking serbia , most countries would n't want to go to that extreme . 
  secondly , it requires an 80 % of member state majority to invoke a7 , i.e. 
  you need 23/28 member states . 
  the smallest 5 member states together are a mere 1 % of the population , and can band together to block it since they like to have power together . 
  even if that 's unlikely , it 's still a huge inherent flaw in the eu 's design . 
  it was designed with 6-10 states in mind . 
  every time a new member is admitted to the eu , especially ones with small populations , it becomes more and more unstable and inefficient and the larger nations will more and more want to leave . 
   wait why not though ? 
  if they win fair and square ( as said unlikely ) then you think we should just start ignoring the countries ? 
  that seems very un-democratic . 
  you ca n't just have democracy but only for people you agree with . 
  it 's undemocratic to not want golden dawn to have veto power in the european council ? 
  veto power for minorities is the complete opposite of democracy , how can you be calling it democracy ? 
  i did n't say we ignore them . 
  we give them the same right to participate in the democracy as every other country , not the right to completely block everything . 
   certainly france and germany you are likely to be very disappointment . 
  they 're way more popular in those 2 countries than in the uk . 
  far left/right parties are already in power in greece , croatia , poland and hungary that i know of and maybe more as i do n't know the politics of every eu country . 
  when there are 500m-1b climate change refugees over the next 2 decades the eu 's inability to come to any democratic decision about it will cause far more political extremism and countries leaving the eu . 
   though again i 'm confused how this is an argument of yours when in the first sentence you 're saying nothing can pass because anyone can stop anything . 
  it 's not that nothing can pass , of course some things pass . 
  look at how easy it was to keep adding new member states over and over again even though it is hugely crippling the power of the large member states . 
  it 's still a flaw in the system how easy it is for things to be blocked that will eventually cause its downfall . 
   what are are you an eu federalist wanting an undemocratic superstate now ? 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  i feel like you do n't really read what i write . 
  i want the eu to not require a 98 % consensus on things . 
  that does n't mean i want it to be less democratic , it 's you that wants it to be less democratic . 
  if the eu only needed a 60 % consensus , it would be a lot easier to get things done . 
  just because the eu 's design is awful , does n't mean i would support the eu even if they fixed it and made the eu more democratic . 
  the eu is an anti-semitic organisation that [ gave a standing ovation to anti-semitism ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/world/middleeast/mahmoud-abbas-claims-rabbis-urged-israel-to-poison-palestinians-water.html ) the day after the brexit referendum . 
  european countries will only become more anti-semitic and illiberal over time and we should thus be independent so that we can try to go in the opposite direction . 
   you would be a straight up moron for voting for somebody who wants to take your rights away every political party opposes some rights and supports others . 
  you have to make a choice about which rights are most important to you . 
   they can organize themselves into a movement that wants less immigration it 's very difficult to create new popular political parties . 
  people have to choose the lesser or evils . 
  name change is irrelevant , istanbul is a greek word too . 
  only 40 % of istanbul was muslim in 1917 and it 's now 99 % muslim . 
  the same thing will happen to sweden soon . 
  let 's hope it does n't happen to all of europe . 
  in some countries where refugees come from , 50 % or more of their population is under 18 years of age . 
  their population growth is insanely high , and yet their territory is becoming more and more uninhabitable due to climate change . 
  what 's the solution to this problem ? 
  obviously invade europe , pretending that it 's a refugee crisis but actually it 's the first step in a planned takeover . 
   which is pretty much the fault of our own immigration policy . 
  so what ? 
  this is such an illogical argument . 
  the people can vote in a new government if they do n't like its immigration policy . 
  they ca n't vote in a new eu , they are powerless to stop other eu countries giving eu citizenship to islamists , who then have the freedom of movement to come to the netherlands . 
  if you want to stop islamic takeover of europe , leaving the eu is just one step , but it 's an important one . 
  muslims were only 40 % of the lebanese population last century , now they are 55 % . 
  it will get less liberal over time . 
  there were many secular muslim movements in the 20th century , in turkey , pakistan etc. , and they all inevitably failed and got replaced with islamism because that is the natural state of islam . 
  jordan is a country where 110/120 members of parliament called a person a hero who had opened fire on a bus full of jewish school girls . 
  the only reason it 's remotely liberal is because it 's not a democracy . 
   essentially the last 40 years have resulted in the veto being removed almost completely countries do n't have much veto anymore , but small groups do and it 's still undemocratic . 
  the smallest 7 countries are together only 2 % of the eu population , but they together have veto power over any brexit deal which uses sqmv . 
  qmv on the other hand is more reasonable - you need to get 5 % of the population together to veto , not 2 % . 
  it 's possible this 2 % of the eu will use this extreme power as leverage in the brexit negotiations . 
  it 's like if there 's a great bill in parliament that is supported by 98 % of mps but it is one vote short of passing . 
  to get that extra vote , this person can make absolutely insane demands that no one else wants to approve of but they are forced to so that the rest of the bill can go through . 
  these 7 countries have an enormous amount of power over the rest of the eu . 
  as i understand it , they do n't really ever use that power , but there 's always the risk . 
  then there 's also the fact that every eu member state has power to grant eu citizenship to whoever they want , and then these eu citizens are free to move throughout the eu . 
  if malta want to give eu citizenship to all of the middle east , there 's nothing in the law that i know of ( and i 'd love if someone could prove me wrong on that ) to stop them . 
  that 's extremely undemocratic because obviously the other eu countries did n't approve of giving freedom of movement to the middle east , but malta has the de facto power to make it happen . 
   you need to read things before going off on excited rants especially when it 's a masive straw man of a position . 
  i do n't see how it 's a straw man . 
  you literally said yes to letting every 3 mps in parliament veto anything . 
  since golden dawn have more than 3 mps , they get to veto anything . 
  maybe slavery would still have gone away eventually , but it would have taken much longer . 
  how is it a straw man ? 
   as said there 's nothing to fear from democracy so why do you oppose democracy very strongly then ? 
  why ca n't we have the eu run more democratically ? 
  do you think every single democracy in the world is a decent liberal state ? 
  even though i think the eu should be more democratic , that does n't mean i think democracy functions well everywhere . 
  iran is proof it does n't . 
   unless you know your ideas wo n't convince other people and you 're just trying to ram things through in authoritarian manner . 
  it 's not authoritarian to want 97 % of the eu supporting something to mean that the eu should support it . 
  that 's democracy . 
   they 'll find themselves coming under pressure from other members if they genuinely have 0 concerns and are literally doing it just to be dicks . 
  but the eu can not kick them out , so what do they have to fear from `` pressure '' ? 
   they 're laws we consent to though not anymore . 
  we consented to the eu 's laws overall , we certainly did n't agree with every single one of them . 
   this is why you sound ridiculous as you seem to think the eu is somehow beamed down from space by aliens and just shits laws everywhere . 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
  that the eu has managed to pass many laws over the past 3 decades does n't mean that they wont be heavily curtailed from doing it in future . 
  as i said , it 's quite likely that far left and far right parties continue gaining power in europe , and we should n't want them to have veto power . 
  we have already seen how impotent the eu is in responding to crises due to the necessity of `` broad and deep consent '' . 
   you understand incorrectly commission writes bills i did n't say the parliament writes the bills though . 
  i said they have to pass them first . 
  then the council passes them after .
