  europe needs to decide if it wants to be a humanitarian dumping ground for islamofascism , or retain it 's liberal values . 
  i do n't have a specific solution . 
  when you know the majority of syrians support terrorism , there has to be some way to filter out those ones and accept the ones that do n't hate the western world . 
  they can lie on a questionnaire so it should be something more complex than that . 
  i 'm sure the british army has a way of vetting muslim applicants more accurately . 
  more british muslims have joined isis than the army so there is a need to be sure about their views before letting them have access to weapons . 
  [ someone like this guy would be very welcome ] ( http://www.israelhayom.com/site/newsletter_article.php?id=5727 ) . 
  support for israel is a good litmus test but it would be unpopular to use that since so many europeans hate israel for irrational reasons . 
  arabs are considered white on the us census . 
  stop trying to make this about race . 
  it is undeniable that the majority of arabs support terrorist attacks against jews . 
  arabs are racially indistinguishable from jews . 
  swedish people may find genocidal anti-semitism appealing , but i do not . 
  torture as punishment is wrong . 
  but as a means of gathering information it is acceptable in rare circumstances . 
  if your family were kidnapped and you found the perpetrator , who has them locked up somewhere and they will quickly die of heat exhaustion if you ca n't get to them , will you be willing to torture him to reveal their location ? 
  people say torture is wrong because it gives false information and people will say anything to get it to stop , but potentially false information is better than no information . 
  of course we mainly use other interrogation methods that have a higher efficacy , but torture is a necessary last resort . 
  you can verify information and come back to torture them more if it was wrong . 
  western soldiers have frequently given in to torture , it 's very wrong to say it does n't work . 
  and you do n't need to beat him to within an inch of his life , even merely threatening to slap him is considered torture . 
  subjecting people to solitary confinement is considered torture . 
  israel is criticised for using torture on terrorists :  sleep deprivation , psychological torture , stress positions , and were exposed to extreme heat or cold , the report said . 
  in some cases , israeli interrogators also verbally abused the family members of the detainees . 
  sometimes they were denied access to a shower for days or weeks , spat on , and were provided small amounts of substandard food . 
  oh no , they insulted their family members , how horrific !, 
  terrorists in israeli jails frequently beat and kill each other , and israel can not prevent this from happening because putting them in solitary confinement would be considered torture . 
  that 's why we must change the notion that torture is always wrong , and stop defining torture so broadly so as to include verbal insults . 
  if sweden decides to give citizenship to terrorists , they will have the freedom of movement to go to any other eu country , right ? 
  if 1 european country wants to commit cultural suicide , the rest should not have to go along with it . 
  russia is going to be extremely important in the future . 
  admittedly i do n't know much about this , but given that the largest population growths are in africa and asia , and global warming is going to impact them the hardest , russia 's huge landmass and cool climate is going to be very valuable . 
   she said that gta v shocked her , because of the torture scene the torture scene went really far out of its way to present torture as extremely horrific and wrong . 
  even the extremely evil character doing it was apologising for it and saying it was wrong afterwards . 
  meanwhile he stamps a guy 's head to death later in the game and it 's all a good laugh . 
  no one was bothered by that . 
  `` torture '' as a bad thing is massively exaggerated , people have a knee jerk response to it and do n't use their brain . 
  why is mild torture worse than murder ? 
  [ torture is not even wrong in all circumstances ] ( http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/torture/ ) , it 's morally obligatory in some . 
  just about every cop show or movie has a cop that does n't go by the book , and technically he is torturing suspects when he roughs them up a bit or threatens them , and the audience loves them for it . 
  i disagree with that . 
  if we elected a parliament that voted to get rid of parliament and install a military dictatorship instead i would disagree with that too . 
  that happened in iran twice - [ in 1953 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iranian_parliamentary_dissolution_referendum,_1953 ) 99 % ( obviously a fair vote ! ), 
  voted to give the prime minister absolute power and dissolve parliament . 
  in 1979 99 % again voted for a theocracy . 
  in bahrain the majority of women opposed being given the right to vote , but the king gave it to them anyway . 
  the politicians favour a referendum here simply so they can absolve themselves of responsibility . 
  it 's much more complex than just a yes/no answer . 
  many of the brexit supporters will be content with a remain vote while the remain voters wont be content with a brexit . 
  they should need a 60 % majority in a referendum to leave the eu since parliament so heavily disagrees with it . 
  30 % odds is a big chance for something so historically significant . 
  it 's scary . 
  what if 364 days a year the public is against it , but on the day of the vote they are for it ? 
  public opinion has been going up and down all the time so it 's all about timing . 
  we elect a parliament to make more informed decisions for us , if we want to leave the eu we should have to elect a parliament that will vote to leave the eu . 
  [ she 's a hypocritical fool ] ( https://youtu.be/sv9dusb2xii?t=80 ) . 
  criticising israel for killing 800 people in a war , meanwhile her husband kills hundreds of thousands . 
  reparations from germany were a large part of israel 's economy in the years after independence , comprising as high as 87.5 % of israel 's income in 1956 . 
  great idea to encourage overpopulation . 
  in the michael gove `` debate '' where he argued in favour of brexit , he said he wanted to leave so that he can increase immigration from countries like pakistan , and decrease it from other european countries . 
  obama has been easily the greatest president of the modern era . 
  to have such an unfavourable view of his leadership is indicative of a real moral failing on the part of most eu/nato populations . 
  i do n't want these populations having veto over my country 's laws and relations . 
  increasing measures by the eu to boycott the only liberal country in the middle east , and the funding of [ illegal arab settlements ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/199407#.v1kjovjob4u ) while at the same time criticising illegal jewish ones are indicative the eu is becoming increasingly anti-semitic . 
  in the past they did , but now they are importing millions of hitler admirers from the middle east , and turning into an anti-semitic state again . 
  because they love russia , and they elected a guy who named his son after a communist who wanted to nuke the usa and hated the ussr for not letting him . 
  another good reason for the uk to leave the eu . 
  most eu countries are disgustingly anti-american . 
  we should have an alliance with the us instead . 
  i did n't literally state that . 
  just a plain lie from you . 
  all you can do is hurl insults . 
  the eu cares about `` human rights '' and does n't see the long term consequences of what it is doing . 
  germany feels such guilt for being racist that they are letting nazi sympathisers take over their country because they are non-whites and therefore ca n't be bad people . 
  every country has a delicately balanced political ideology . 
  it can not survive if you are not controlling immigration . 
  one side of the spectrum will push for more immigration because they stand to benefit from it . 
  europe has been on a liberalising & secularising path for centuries but now it has turned around and is going backwards . 
  the left in europe have become far right . 
  [ jews are being discouraged to get teaching jobs in sweden because arab students will hate them ] ( http://www.algemeiner.com/2016/04/05/swedish-jewish-activist-not-surprised-israeli-teacher-in-malmo-told-to-seek-employment-far-from-school-children-who-hate-jews/ ) . 
  this is being tolerated . 
  [ the mayor of malmo does nothing about the massively increasing anti-semitism there and criticises the jewish community for supporting the only liberal country in the middle east ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilmar_reepalu#controversy ) . 
  a danish actor [ quit his job because he did n't feel safe as a jew filming in malmo ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sweden/12160003/anti-semitism-in-malmo-made-me-quit-says-the-bridge-actor.html ) . 
  sweden is supposed to be the most liberal country in the world , and this is what it has turned into . 
  you do n't see this as the destruction of europe ? 
  half of french soldiers are currently deployed in france , largely to protect jewish schools and businesses from muslim attacks . 
  it 's disgusting that [ afghan interpreters ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/mar/25/home-office-to-review-policy-on-returning-afghan-military-interpreters ) who worked with the coalition forces and were pro-west were denied asylum to the west when their lives were under a huge threat , but now any old terrorist supporter who hates the west can come in . 
  we should be very carefully vetting immigrants so that the decent liberal ones can be welcomed and those those criminals who force their way in can be expelled . 
  how is it a conspiracy video ? 
  it 's a channel dedicated to filming street interviews with average people , unedited and with no bias . 
  most palestinians support the murder of innocent people . 
  they [ despise atheists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azr_j6hrrr4 ) and this is very indicative that they wont get along with europeans . 
  a real discussion would involve pointing out an actual lie . 
  it should be easy to do , but no one has done that , they just insult me and revel in their ignorance . 
  [ have a look at this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qrnyv_swds ) to see how middle easterners think . 
  these people should not be welcomed to europe . 
   i 'm inclined to think that technology is more-responsible for causing a shift to what we 'd call liberal values today , on the contrary , the internet has led to increasing fundamentalism in the muslim world . 
  places like pakistan and indonesia , even turkey are becoming less liberal . 
  the internet gives people access to a wide range of views , but instead of being open minded people tend to become more fervent in their beliefs . 
  the migrant crisis is not going to end .
