  during this last four months of his exile he was courted by press and politicians . '', 
  and an interesting quote from the wikipedia page : `` even if salman rushdie repents and becomes the most pious man of all time , it is incumbent on every muslim to employ everything he has got , his life and wealth , to send him to hell . '', 
  who later admitted in an interview that she wanted israel to be destroyed . 
  agnosticism has nothing to do with beliefs . 
  christians and atheists are both mostly agnostics . 
  she has said that if the taliban came back to attack her that she would let them kill her rather than defend herself . 
  and yet , she is a coward who left pakistan and came to england where she is under the protection of men who stand ready to do violence on her behalf . 
  she has called bennazir bhutto her idol and even wore an item of her clothing at some speech iirc . 
  that 's the woman who helped north korea develop nuclear weapons , far from a pacifist . 
  malala is an ideological enigma , and just because she was a victim of a group that we all despise does not mean we should treat her as a hero . 
  hopefully in some years time she will look back at her teenage views with embarrassment as most of us do . 
  i 've discussed this so many times and people never answer my question , maybe you will be the first . 
  if malala 's mother were there when malala was attacked , and sat there doing nothing to help and later said in an interview later that to defend her daughter from the taliban would make her just as bad as them , would you think she was a moral and virtuous person ? 
  it 's one thing to sacrifice yourself , it 's another to let others be attacked and claim that not only do they not have the right to defend themselves , but if they do so then they are just as bad as a murderer . 
   i mean the taliban decided to try and murder a 15 year old girl for crying out loud , how can she possibly defend herself against that ? 
  it 's irrelevant that her defense may have been ineffective , i 'm not criticising her for her actions , i 'm criticising her for her belief that self defense is as immoral as murder . 
   for a kid she is incredibly brave . 
  the 9/11 hijackers were brave too . 
  bravery says nothing about morals . 
  supporting non-violent methods of conflict resolution and opposing self defense are 2 different things . 
  mlk was strongly in favour of self defense . 
  he did not believe in the dissolution of the military and police forces . 
  gandhi was lucky that the british were susceptible to non-violence , he was not a moral person . 
  what he said about the jews is deplorable :  hitler killed five million jews . 
  it is the greatest crime of our time . 
  but the jews should have offered themselves to the butcher 's knife . 
  they should have thrown themselves into the sea from cliffs . 
  as it is , they succumbed anyway in their millions . 
  sometimes immoral people like gandhi do great things . 
  malala is not one of those people . 
  that 's only 730,000 a year , sweden is large and can handle it . 
  at that rate in a few years they would be the majority in sweden so it 's important they are treated well , but the immigration is likely to decrease as the middle east and north africa is sure to become more stable and prosperous by 2016 . 
  the right to self defense is the most basic human right . 
  malala says that defending yourself with violence makes you just as bad as the attacker . 
  as such , she is probably the single worst nobel prize winner - at least the likes of arafat and kissinger support the right to self defense . 
  if governments listened to malala , women would be much worse off because men would be able to attack them with impunity . 
  just talking about how you want increased education does n't mean you are a good person if your other ideological views are so demonstrably evil . 
  malala said to obama that instead of sending soldiers to syria he should send teachers , because `` soldiers have never ended a war '' . 
  i 'm sure the most vulnerable syrians , like the women and children , would be really grateful for that ... you say obama did n't deserve the prize , but he won for a speech he gave encouraging nuclear non-proliferation , reducing of stockpiles between russia and the usa , and better relations with the muslim world . 
  not just for being elected . 
  giving a speech is all malala ever did but you think she deserved it , how come the different standard there ? 
  human rights are a nonsense anyway . 
  we have specific laws defining what is right and not . 
  if you look at the list of human rights almost every one of them has obvious exceptions , and some of them are outright unacceptable . 
  the un voted in favour of a resolution criminalizing offending religions for example . 
  if everyone wrote their own list of what human rights should be they would all differ significantly . 
  all countries in the world support violence in self defense . 
  it is absolutely morally superior than letting people get away with murder . 
  people that are into non-violence will still call the police to do the violence for them if they are threatened . 
  noteworthy you ignored the single question in my post . 
  i 'll take it you agree with me then that malala is evil . 
   inhuman understandings of islam , like salafism , are irreconcilable with a secular society . 
  that 's racism against salafists . 
  did you look at the context ? 
  she says that violence even in self defense is as bad as murder . 
  pacifism is not just a general opposition to violence , it is an absolute opposition . 
  every single nation on earth agrees with the right to self defense . 
  if a murderer attacks your loved ones , do you feel like malala does , that you can only try to discourage them in a non-violent way and to use violence against them would make you just as bad as they are ? 
  malala wants to allow the massacre of young girls and does n't want the adults to use violence to protect them . 
  violence is necessary to protect the most vulnerable in society . 
  i know you agree with me here , as every civilized person does , so why the downvotes and ridicule every time i bring this up in regards to people like malala and pope francis ? 
   it was always a joke . 
  ( giving it to henry `` cambodia '' kissinger ? 
  really ? ), 
  the people most deserving of the prize will often be evil people that did something for peace in the end . 
  you do n't have to be a saint to get it , you just have to do something significant to create peace and kissinger did that . 
  arafat deserved recognition for signing the oslo accords even though he was a lifelong terrorist and continued to be . 
  anwar sadat was a horrible war leader and menachem begin was a jewish terrorist who killed british soldiers and led massacres against arabs , but as leaders they made a historic and unprecedented peace with each other and they deserved recognition for it . 
  she opposes violence even in self defense , says that throwing a shoe at a taliban murderer is as immoral as shooting a little girl in the head for wanting to go to school , said that `` soldiers have never ended a war '' , and encouraged obama to send teachers to syria instead of soldiers . 
  she is the least deserving prize winner . 
  at least kissinger and arafat supported the right to self defense . 
  her pacifist ideology is a danger to the entire world , and no one should listen to her . 
  obama on the other hand is one of the most worthy winners . 
  he won for a speech he made in which he favoured reduction of nuclear stockpiles between the us and russia , which is a very worthy goal . 
  he pretty much won a 2nd one for pressuring syria to get rid of its chemical weapons . 
  he ended the war in iraq , he killed bin laden , and his drone strikes on terrorists have saved potentially hundreds of thousands of lives but people ignore that because they never get to see how many lives were saved and assume it is 0 . 
  the guy who recently blamed israel for anti-semitic terrorist attacks in jerusalem ? 
  so fruit and veg are unhealthy in your opinion ? 
  that 's exactly it . 
  he brought malik obama to the last debate , an islamist that supports hamas , just because he has said nice things about trump . 
  farage is irrelevant , it 's trump 's relationship with may that matters . 
  it 's not appropriate for the government to fine people like this because it leads to corruption . 
  look at how police departments go after motorists not because they want to enforce the law , but because they want money to fund their own departments . 
  you can jail her or give her community service instead of an outrageous fine . 
  that is the civilized thing to do . 
  asking for $ 30k is something a deeply corrupt 3rd world nation would do . 
  how about - saudi arabia loves the usa , and the western world generally , and even covertly works with israel , while isis hates everyone else and their main goal is to remove the saudi government & take over the rest of the world . 
  we do n't have enemies because of their domestic policies , we have enemies because of their foreign policy . 
  we should be much much more worried about trump 's anti-saudi stance than about western countries that are supporting the saudis . 
  so you support a ban of the guardian and bbc too ? 
  they spread many hateful lies , like the massacre of jenin which was made up to demonise israel . 
  meanwhile the guardian supports jihadists , lets them write articles , and spends a disproportionate amount of time demonising israel with lies ... 
  children do not deserve to be treated differently than adults . 
  they are fleeing war here so what does age matter ? 
  as we have seen in israel , where children are responsible for most of the terrorist attacks , they are not all innocent people who will love ireland and fit in just because of their age . 
  they are fully capable of hating the western world , probably moreso than the elderly . 
  according to your link 17 polls in the last month predicted a brexit win , 15 predicted a remain win . 
  1 was tied . 
  8 of the remain polls were with only a 1-2 % lead . 
  it 's not right to say polls predicted either side winning , but they predicted that it was too close to say and thus were quite accurate .
