  maybe because ireland did n't fight against the nazis like the british did . 
  the us constitution was set up based on 13 states of similar size , not based on 4 states where 1 has 85 % of the population . 
  scotland and northern ireland get much more say per capita than england does . 
  sport does not define international borders . 
  football was invented by the british so they decided to have 4 separate teams , it has nothing to do with the current political reality of the country . 
  would you also argue that northern ireland is part of the republic of ireland rather than the uk since [ they play international rugby as part of the republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland_national_rugby_union_team ) ? 
  it 's not for them to decide . 
  they are just a small part of a democracy . 
  it 's like saying if texas does n't like obama winning an election it 's up to them to decide whether to remain part of the usa or not . 
  do you never think about the fact that it might have been a lot worse had we not attacked libya ? 
  that it ended up bad was always going to be the case , there are only 2 or 3 remotely liberal democracies in the islamic world after all . 
  that does n't mean it was a mistake to go to war in libya . 
  islam strongly supports slavery , but no muslim countries accept that anymore . 
  so obviously islam has changed , and is currently changing still . 
  it does n't matter whether the british were right or wrong in the troubles . 
  they were not motivated by a desire to wipe out all the non-british in northern ireland . 
  they were more wrong in india , but the occupation of india is still not remotely comparable to isis . 
  they were provoked most of the time you talk about `` murder '' . 
  look at bloody sunday - they were attacked by protestors with nail bombs and stones , and they had a right to defend themselves from that . 
  i bet you 've never heard about that though because you do n't bother looking for unbiased accounts , you just want to read about how evil the british are . 
  `` oh stones are non-lethal though they should just sit there and get pelted '' . 
  wrong . 
  stones have killed people many times , including [ this father and his baby ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/static/resize/pictures/468x282/292327.jpg ) a few years ago . 
  maybe the british army went too far , but it 's massively exaggerated . 
  killing a few people is not a big deal in history , and the ira killed far more innocent people which is always glossed over . 
  the british army did a great job keeping the violence lower than it could have been , which required them to use violence and kill some civilians . 
  they did n't start the violence like you are claiming , and terrorist attacks just made life for catholics worse so how was it justified ? 
  i 've only seen british army guys walking around here a few times in my life , but if i were to start attacking them on the street i would expect to be killed for it and no one should feel bad for me . 
  that there was a security need for the british to use violence against the ira and it was inevitable some civilians would be killed . 
  it is not comparable to isis who deliberately target civilians . 
  the motivations matter , the british wanted peace and had to use violence to get it , isis want to dominate and oppress the whole world . 
  [ it 's not all about terrorism ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/facing-death-chants-and-hate-crimes-swedens-jews-live-in-a-climate-of-fear/ ) . 
  they can support islamisation through democracy without terrorism , and sweden is enabling it . 
  nato is the alliance for eu members that want to be in a military alliance . 
  we do n't need countries like sweden , switzerland and ireland which are n't in nato and did n't help fight the nazis having a say in our military operations . 
  junker disagrees with the idea of national borders . 
  if you dont want your country to have open borders to africa the middle east and asia , you have to leave the eu . 
  europe is massively overpopulated already , why should we try and out-procreate the uncivilized foreign invaders that have 8 children per couple rather than just securing our borders ? 
  but in what way is the uk hostile to left wing economics ? 
  we have a very high tax rate and high welfare spending compared to most of the world , and very strict regulations etc. . . what are some things that define left economics that the uk does n't support but sweden does ? 
  british army killed 299 in the troubles . 
  the ira killed 1696 . 
  what happens if the ira wins ? 
  the difference between being irish or british is negligible really . 
  what happens if islamic terrorists win ? 
  goodbye western civilization . 
  it 's the islamist invasion of the west that will be significant , not the relatively small number of people that are killed by terrorism . 
  saudi arabia is a good ally that clamps down on anti-west terrorism . 
  the independent is a very biased publication , even more anti-west than the guardian . 
   nice calling me an anti semite for expressing critique of some israeli policies , real classy mate . 
  you think it 's understandable that a rabbi in europe was stabbed , and said it 's because of israel . 
  you brought up israel and linked all jews with israel . 
  if you think that 's anti-semitism , logically you called yourself an anti-semite . 
  so do n't try and turn it on me . 
   they have publicly but netanyahu is not really being serious about it as the status quo benefits him . 
  no it does n't . 
  he would win the nobel prize and be remembered for centuries if he secured peace . 
  he made a very generous offer to the palestinians , and the americans were caught by surprise when abbas ended the 2014 negotiations prematurely and formed a unity government with hamas instead . 
  even the chief palestinian negotiator was caught by surprise . 
  israel freed over a hundredjailed terrorists just to have the palestinians come to the negotiating table . 
  `` the prisoners were responsible for killing , in all , 55 israeli civilians , 15 israeli security forces personnel , one french tourist and dozens of suspected palestinian collaborators . '', 
  and israel was willing to release a further 400 just to have negotiations continue , not even for a final deal . 
  so do n't say netanyahu does n't do anything for peace . 
  `` israeli national security adviser joseph cohen revealed a 65-page document that chief palestinian negotiator saeb erekat submitted to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas on 9 march , three weeks before israel was to release the final batch of palestinian prisoners . 
  in it , erekat proposed a strategy for the pa during the final month of negotiations and after 29 april , when the talks were originally scheduled to end before their premature collapse . 
  erekat recommended applying to join various international conventions , informing the u.s. and europe that the palestinians would n't extend the talks beyond 29 april , demanding that israel nevertheless release the final batch of prisoners , intensifying efforts to reconcile with hamas to thwart what he termed an israeli effort to sever the west bank from gaza politically , and various other diplomatic and public relations moves . 
  cohen concludes that even while the palestinians were talking with washington about the possibility of extending the peace talks , they were actually planning to blow them up , and had been planning to do so even before abbas met with u.s. president barack obama on 17 march . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013%e2%80%9314_israeli%e2%80%93palestinian_peace_talks ) still believe it 's israel that is n't interested in peace ? 
   i 'm not saying it should follow it one to one , but i 'd say it 's a pretty good starting point for negotiating a peace obviously . 
  that 's the position of israel , fatah and the rest of the world . 
  it 's very different saying `` 67 borders '' , and saying `` 67 borders with mutually agreed land swaps '' . 
   how did they punish europe exactly ? 
  syriza almost immediately removed border controls , shut down detention centers and fired border guards . 
  it is very clear what they were doing . 
  this caused an explosion in illegal migration . 
  `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too . '' - greek defense minister under syriza 's first government . 
   greece has a coast , the only option for them is to push the boats back into the ocean , an option i do n't think anyone would agree with . 
  then you think wrong . 
  greece has an obligation to prevent itself being invaded by uncivilized peoples . 
   you really think you would consider whether the immigrant would stay in greece or go to sweden when they are in danger of drowning ? 
  no you help them first and deal with the problem later . 
  when people are deliberately drowning so they will be saved , you are encouraging this behaviour if you save them and causing more suffering in the end . 
  if greece refused to be invaded , far fewer people would have made the journey and far fewer people would have died . 
   it might also have something to do with isreal not being interested in the peace process israel has been calling for negotiations for a year , anytime anywhere . 
  abbas has refused . 
  but of course palestinians can do anything and you will never blame them for it , it 's all the jews fault . 
  and abbas is n't even the real leader of palestine , he 's extended his term by 9 years because he knows hamas would win . 
  that 's the `` peace-loving '' abbas , that said `` i welcome every drop of blood spilled in jerusalem '' , and said jews praying at their holiest site is a declaration of war because they have no right to `` desecrate it with their filthy feet '' . 
   i support a two state solution with 1967 borders btw you mean the ceasefire line where both sides agreed `` the armistice demarcation line is not to be construed in any sense as a political or territorial boundary , and is delineated without prejudice to rights , claims and positions of either party to the armistice as regards ultimate settlement of the palestine question . '', 
  why should that be the border ? 
  and are you aware that killing of jews existed before 1967 ? 
  the settlements did not create terrorism , the existence of jews did . 
  after 1967 , the palestinians turned the result of their aggression into its cause . 
  and they fooled a lot of people . 
   and not accepting a single eu migrant no more that was never anyone 's position . 
  we want immigration , we just want to be able to control it ourselves and not be so vulnerable to the failure of other countries . 
  yeah the greeks are n't at all responsible for any of this . 
  they did n't choose to elect a radical leftist government that exacerbated the migrant crisis deliberately to punish europe , and threatened to pave a way for isis to berlin . 
  the greek people certainly did n't only help the refugees here because they knew the refugees would move on to other european countries and not stay in greece . 
   you would think they 'd start to readdress immigration concerns with the asia subcontinent immigrants who far outnumber eu born citizens currently in the uk .
