  if the irish had been treated equally as everyone else in the uk they would not have had the ( moral ) right to secede . 
  the majority of mps in northern ireland supported brexit , unlike scotland , wales or even england . 
  it 's the eu that wants to harm northern ireland , neither the british government nor the northern irish assembly want a hard border . 
   if it were up to the average voter we would be letting refugees drown in the sea and putting them in camps . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it 's what the neighbouring countries do . 
  palestinian refugees have been forced to live in camps in lebanon and jordan for 50 years . 
  there will be a billion refugees in the next few decades due to climate change , do you think the eu should let them all in and turn europe into the middle east ? 
  given that the overwhelming majority of refugees are anti-semitic , homophobic , misogynistic or support the death penalty for apostasy , we can not remain a continent of liberal democracies while accepting in refugees unless we segregate them and do n't allow them the right to vote . 
  would you accept in your parliament , a single mp being allowed to veto things ? 
  that 's how it is in the eu . 
  0.09 % of the population ( malta ) has veto power . 
  it 's outrageously undemocratic . 
  only china and the us are more major players than the uk and france . 
  germany has little foreign influence compared with us 2 , and russia is extremely poor . 
  you act like the uk is not even in the top 10 of influential countries . 
  what is your top 10 of `` major players '' ? 
  russia has literally banned some denominations of christianity from reading the bible in their own home . 
  they have a puppet in the usa and another is leading polls in the uk . 
  their anti-west propaganda has been very successful , very few young people think the us is a force for good anymore . 
  universities have become anti-west brainwashing centers . 
  these are hugely underestimating immigration . 
  by 2050 the middle east , north africa and southern asia will be barely habitable due to climate change . 
  there will be up to a billion refugees . 
  even if just malta gives citizenship to them , they then have freedom of movement to all of the eu . 
  i ca n't imagine the eu committing genocide to stop its population doubling . 
  the tory party is not further right wing than they were in the past . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  [ the tory manifesto ] ( https://www.spectator.co.uk/2017/05/red-theresas-manifesto/ ) was full of left wing policies : * energy price cap * worker representation on boards * wo n't rule out tax increases * means testing of winter fuel allowance * ending of pensions triple lock * house value counted in the calculation for whether you are eligible to contribute to the costs of care it was these left wing policies that alienated a lot of ignorant rich people and made them lose their majority . 
  do you agree with the european court of human rights ' decision that turkey was allowed to prosecute a person for insulting islam ? 
   ... the legitimate aims of preventing disorder and protecting morals and the rights of others . 
  as to deciding whether the interference had been necessary , this involved weighing up the conflicting interests relating to the exercise of two fundamental freedoms , namely the applicant 's right to impart his ideas on religion , on the one hand , and the right of others to respect for their freedom of thought , conscience and religion , on the other . 
  certain passages in the novel in question had attacked the prophet muhammad in an abusive manner . 
  therefore , the measure at issue had been intended to provide protection against offensive attacks on matters regarded as sacred by muslims and could reasonably be regarded as meeting a `` pressing social need '' . 
  how can you say a country has free speech if they jail critics of an ideology ? 
  in the uk 2 men were convicted for telling muslims that their god did n't exist . 
  bridget bardot has been convicted a half dozen times for criticising islam . 
  there 's a huge difference between prosecuting people for criticising religion , and prosecuting people for incitement to violence or slander . 
  just because germany has n't lost its culture yet does n't mean it will never lose its culture in future . 
  how is pro-immigration progressive when a large portion of the immigrants france has received in recent years are extremely illiberal and right wing ? 
  there 's a reason jews are fleeing france . 
  christians and atheists will be next if immigration continues this way . 
  if you want a progressive country , you have to control immigration . 
  how is democracy being defined here ? 
  i checked greece and it had many elections prior to this , including [ 1936 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_legislative_election,_1936 ) . 
  greek dictatorship was 67-74 . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong i 'd just like an explanation . 
  what qualifies as torture differs from person to person and the human rights laws are completely ambiguous about it . 
  it 's left entirely up to activist judges to interpret . 
  a prison sentence is a form of torture too . 
  the ecthr ruled that stripping a prisoner naked was torture , and i believe the un considers solitary confinement to be torture . 
  do you really trust the ecthr to decide what qualifies as torture ? 
  this is the institution that ruled that it was ok for turkey to prosecute an author for insulting islam . 
  that says it 's ok to restrict free expression `` in the interest of public morals '' . 
   there are countless good reasons why torture is forbidden and should always be . 
  so if you had to merely threaten to torture a captured terrorist to prevent an imminent act of nuclear terrorism , you would n't do it ? 
  torture has been unfairly maligned due to association with nazis etc. 
  [ a strong case can be made for it ] ( https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/torture/#casstubea ) . 
  wbc are ok with gays attending their church , with their children having gay teachers , and believe they are no less sinners than any gay person . 
  they simply preach that god hates gays and may choose to punish them . 
  even in the uk 52 % of muslims want it to be illegal to be gay , the numbers are much higher in muslim majority countries . 
  in pakistan , 67 % of people think you should get the death penalty if you become an atheist or christian . 
  in afghanistan it 's 78 % . 
  in iraq it 's lower , but the figures in places like iran or saudi arabia are probably similar ( they were n't polled ) . 
  the wbc are pacifists , would n't you agree that they are more liberal than the people who want you to be executed for your faith ? 
  you can go up to the wbc at a protest and show them a cartoon of jesus being raped , and they will not harm you they would just laugh and tell you to repent . 
  how do even `` moderate '' muslims react when cartoons are made of their prophet ? 
  religious groups are hate groups , they should be protected . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with hate , it 's who you hate that matters . 
  banning hate groups is itself an act of hate . 
  anti-hate groups are themselves hate groups . 
  wbc are pacifists who have a very logical interpretation of the bible . 
  the bible says that god hates all workers of iniquity , should we ban the bible as hate speech ? 
  the wbc say they are no less sinners than any homosexual , that gays can attend their church and will be treated with kindness , that they do n't mind their children having gay teachers and that they ca n't say for sure whether a gay individual will go to heaven or hell . 
  they 're arguably more liberal than catholics . 
  but because they also say `` thank god for dead soldiers '' , and `` god hates america '' , and because they are small in number , it 's considered ok to be bigoted against them . 
  do they respect the cairo declaration of human rights ? 
  human rights are subjective just like any other law . 
  germany has its own human rights standard , it 's not following some perfect objective human rights standard . 
  the vast majority of people would find it odd that you can be jailed ( which is way more of a degrading punishment than being threatened with torture ) for insulting a religion , but a child murderer ca n't be threatened to reveal the location of his victims to try and save their lives . 
  to save the life of a boy . 
  it 's absurd that a threat against a child murderer to potentially save a life is considered torture by the ecthr , but jailing someone for 20 years for insulting a religion is considered acceptable . 
  africa will be mostly uninhabitable due to climate change in the coming decades . 
  it 's going to quadruple in population to 4 billion by 2100 . 
  is europe really going to turn away the ~ 2-3 billion needy people of colour that will be moving to europe within the century ? 
   i find it hard to believe it will be a good place for women , gays , or non-muslims . 
  you left out cartoonists . 
   art . 
  3 , 4 gg forbid religious discrimination on constitutional level the uk got away with banning the westboro baptist church from entering the country even though they 're much more liberal than the vast majority of the world 's muslims . 
  the fact a few christian countries are anti-gay does n't mean islam is n't much worse . 
  there are 11 countries with the death penalty for homosexuality , all are muslim majority . 
  nigeria is technically half christian half muslim - but only the muslim regions have the death penalty for it so i count it as muslim . 
  there are 17 countries where it 's illegal to disseminate gay propaganda . 
  15 are muslim majority and 2 are christian . 
  there are 2 and a half times more christian countries than muslim ones too , so even if it was 50:50 that would indicate islam is worse . 
  you 're just scared to admit the truth because you 've been brainwashed into believing it 's racist to criticise a religious group . 
  ireland 's muslim population is one of the more extremist in europe . 
  there are posters up all around dublin calling for islamist terrorists who killed hundreds of innocent people to be released from jail . 
  it just happens that a large amount of the irish people share their anti-semitism and hatred of the western world , so there 's no need for them to launch terrorist attacks in ireland . 
  are you referring to clonskeagh mosque , where the leader , hussein halawa , [ supports the death penalty for homosexuals ] ( http://markhumphrys.com/clonskeagh.html#rasmussen ) ?
