  that 's absurd . 
  there are extremist minorities with all sorts of horrible views . 
  1 % of brits probably want to gas the jews . 
  that 's why we allow 50 % +1 to rule , and do n't allow tyranny of the minority . 
  sure sometimes the majority also have bad views , but it 's a lot less likely and it 's the only way we can have a functioning government . 
   politics had to be in everyones benefit ? 
  how is it in everyone 's benefit if tiny minorities can block everything the government tries to do ? 
  i ca n't believe redditors are really arguing with me against the benefits of democracy . 
  almost no government bills pass without dissent . 
   scots who have no realistic chance of making their voice heard 2 of the last 4 prime ministers were scottish . 
  scottish mps were a large part of the government for the 13 years until 2010 . 
  a person in scotland has just as much say in the uk as a person in england . 
  england is bigger so it 's irrational to compare the whole region of scotland to england . 
  compare scotland to the west midlands . 
  in germany , a person in saarland has no realistic chance of making their voice heard short of independence . 
  so clearly germany is undemocratic !, 
  do you support saarland getting a veto over all changes made in the bundestag ? 
  according to you , this is what democracy should be . 
   the idea is to make sure no one is forced into things against their will . 
  except that it means you can force 99.91 % of the eu population into things against their will , as i just stated . 
  how are you ignoring this ? 
   fucks sake man you do n't even understand how the eu works yes i do , it 's you that does n't . 
   eu requires masses of consensus both on countries and by population and it ca n't just be vetoed like you 're imagining . 
  super qualified majority voting as will be used on any brexit deal means that 2 % of the eu population can veto it , and force britain out of the eu with no deal . 
  fact or not ? 
  if it is a fact , i clearly understand the eu better than you do . 
   point of the eu is one institution is population based and one is country based . 
  european parliament is not really population based . 
  malta 's citizens get 16 times more representatives per person than germany 's . 
  it 's just not so bad as the 200 times less representation they get in the european council . 
   how after all of this stuff people can still be so completely clueless on this is mind boggling . 
  how am i clueless ? 
  it 's pretty funny you use the term mind boggling when you 're the one that is confused here . 
  if allowing 0.09 % of the eu population to veto changes is such a great democratic system , why do no national governments function like that ? 
  why ca n't every mp in your national government veto everything ? 
  because it 's a pathetically inefficient system that allows tiny minorities to destroy things for everyone else . 
   might not be perfect but its certainly a better system than allowing the 52 % to screw over the 48 % of society . 
  what are you on about ? 
  in the eu you only need 0.09 % to screw over the rest of society !, 
  look at greece - march 2015 , the defense minister states : `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too . '' and what does the eu do ? 
  nothing . 
  just lets greece threaten to destroy european civilization , because there is no way for the eu to remove a member state or to get around their veto power . 
  wait , you support northern ireland and scotland having a veto over british foreign policy ? 
  that 's extremely anti-demoratic , you could call it tyranny of the minority . 
  this is the kind of thing / r/europe upvotes ? 
   for a start may has had the human rights act in her sights for a while . 
  it wo n't be an issue for long . 
  and rightly so . 
  the human rights act is an absolute joke that few people would agree with . 
  it needs to be rewritten to make sense and not just be a bunch of vague stuff that leaves everything up to activist judges to interpret . 
  it needs to actually guarantee free speech , instead of having an article that says `` you get free speech , unless we decide that speech is bad , then you do n't get it '' . 
  the right to move around within your own country is one of the rights that will obviously be kept . 
   and i said if only they were because new communities from outside of ni 's unionist protestant or catholic nationalist divide can only be helpful for the region . 
  the majority of people in the world are extremely illiberal compared to northern irish . 
  sure some immigration from western europe would n't do any harm , but immigration from the middle east , africa and asia , where the vast majority of humans live , could do a lot of harm . 
  europe should be trying to become more liberal , not going backwards due to immigration from illiberal places . 
  you think it 's democratic that 0.09 % of the population has veto power ? 
  you guys are totally delusional . 
  if that 's democracy , why do n't any national governments have anything like that ? 
  and irish continue to refer to their country as ireland despite it not being the island of ireland . 
  it 's the exact same thing as calling ireland one of the british isles . 
   i do n't see an issue with maintaining free movement on the island with the border checkpoints being in gb . 
  it violates the human rights act . 
  `` article 2 provides for a right to freely move within a country once lawfully there and for a right to leave any country . '', 
  it would also be strongly objected to by people in northern ireland . 
  there 's no need for it . 
  visa free travel exists with many non-eu nations . 
  if eu immigrants want to move to the uk illegally they will lack basic rights anyway so there wont be many doing it and they can already get into britain illegally fairly easily . 
   if only they were why would you care one way or the other about that ? 
  pretty sure the germans dont want an eu where they have 1/200th the power of a person in malta , but that 's what they got . 
  sooner or later they will realise their mistake . 
  maybe if the brexit deal is vetoed by 2 % of the eu 's population , the larger nations will realise the eu is dysfunctional and undemocratic . 
  so if 26/27 member states approve , but malta ( 0.09 % of eu population ) objects , malta gets their way ? 
  the eu is a great democratic institution . 
   secondly it was a coup and not legal how was it illegal ? 
  the shah had the power to remove a prime minister , and he did it . 
  he did n't make himself prime minister , he appointed a new one just like he had appointed mosaddegh the dictator . 
  do you agree that mosaddegh was a dictator ? 
  you skipped out on that part . 
  he was not some democratic hero . 
  he was a tyrant . 
  he was not popular at the time of his removal , his replacement was much more popular . 
   pretty horrific human rights abuses during his time with dissenters far less than was the standard of the time and the region . 
  mosaddegh turned himself in after trying to use the army to stage a coup and the army turned against him . 
  he was treated completely reasonably as a prisoner . 
  the shah did not execute more than a handful of political prisoners a year , and these were mostly islamist extremists . 
  the ayatollahs executed more than 1000 political prisoners a year , for crimes like being non-muslim . 
  the shah was a far lesser evil than the ayatollahs or mosaddegh . 
   it is because of the overthrow that iran is not a full democracy today there is no evidence for that , just wishful thinking from people that want the west to be blamed for everything bad in the world . 
   the shah as a puppet giving away oil did you not read my post ? 
  the oil remained nationalised under the shah , and there was a 50/50 split with bp , without whom iran would n't have been able to operate the refineries . 
   there is no freedom of movement for non-eu citizens to the uk or ireland each eu member state has the power to grant eu citizenship to those 500 million people . 
  the recent refugees were n't often given citizenship yet , but they can apply for it in 8 years time in germany , earlier in other countries . 
  malta has the legal power to give eu citizenship to every non-eu citizen in the world if they want to . 
  when the uk gives british citizenship to indians , the indians then have freedom of movement to go to ireland . 
  the uk could give eu citizenship to all billion of them if they want to , and ireland has no power to stop them moving to ireland except by leaving the eu . 
   almost a year later and you still do n't get it . 
  you 're the one that is wrong here , and yet you act like a condescending know-it-all . 
   the 1953 iranian coup d'\u00e9tat , known in iran as the 28 mordad coup ( persian : \u06a9\u0648\u062f\u062a\u0627\u06cc \u06f2\u06f8 \u0645\u0631\u062f\u0627\u062f ) , was the overthrow of the democratically elected prime minister mohammad mosaddegh in favour of strengthening the monarchical rule of mohammad reza pahlavi on 19 august 1953 , orchestrated by the united kingdom ( under the name `` operation boot '' ) and the united states ( under the name tpajax project , or `` operation ajax '' ) read your own website :  in august 1953 , the shah ... formally dismissed the prime minister in a written decree , an act that had been made part of the constitution during the constitution assembly of 1949 , convened under martial law , at which time the power of the monarchy was increased in various ways by the shah himself . 
  it was legal , thus not a coup by definition :  a sudden , violent , and illegal seizure of power from a government .
