  the problem here is not terrorist attacks , it 's giving votes in our liberal democracies to extremely illiberal peoples . 
  the leader of turkey [ is an islamist ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/columnists/candidly-speaking-turkeys-erdogan-an-autocratic-islamist-bigot-330005 ) and an [ anti-semite ] ( https://www.algemeiner.com/2014/05/15/turkeys-erdogan-shouts-anti-israel-slur-while-slapping-mine-disaster-protester-video/ ) , but albania has always supported israel and protected jews from the nazis . 
  israel also took in albanian refugees during the kosovo war . 
  we should certainly be willing to accept turks as a lot of them hate erdogan , but we must be able to vet them to ensure they are not islamists so visa free travel is not acceptable . 
  we should have had a united states of europe when we were on the path of liberalism and secularism , but now that countries like sweden and germany are hell-bent on turning into islamic states in the near future that is a very bad idea . 
  it 's a good thing then that torture is not the first resort of interrogators . 
  torture should n't be a loss of face when it is used so mildly ( e.g. 
  a slap or solitary confinement = torture ) on extremely bad people to prevent massive loss of life . 
  the public are only opposed to torture because of a knee-jerk emotional reaction , they largely support torture when it is used in specific circumstances . 
  just look at the latest episode of game of thrones , pretty much no one is bothered that a prisoner of war was tortured to death in the most horrific way possible . 
  he was a bad guy so he deserved it !, 
  but why would you want to embrace the globe [ 60 % of which are unfree countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world ) , and move away from europe which contains pretty much the world 's greatest countries ? 
  what foreign countries exactly are you wishing to be closer to ? 
  other than the americas , south africa , australia , india , israel , taiwan , japan and south korea , almost all of the countries are horribly immoral . 
  europe is an exceptional part of the world and it is right that european countries should be closer to each other than to china , pakistan or egypt . 
  i oppose the eu for the opposite reason you do . 
  countries like germany and sweden have abandoned their values and become too sympathetic to the least liberal peoples around the world . 
  if we wish to remain a liberal country we must go it alone and hope that the sane people left in europe can take over their respective countries and join us in independence . 
  i agree with you . 
  i hope the eu collapses so that those countries which wish to remain liberal secular countries can distance themselves from the likes of sweden and germany who have collectively lost their minds . 
  everyone has an accent . 
  amnesty literally just hired as their communications director osama saeed . 
  a guy who is part of the muslim brotherhood , wants to restore a caliphate , referred to suicide bombings against jews as `` martyrdom operations '' . 
  he said of the al qaeda member : `` imam anwar al-awlaki was originally hounded in the us because two of the 9/11 bombers happened to pray at his mosque . 
  many of my muslim readers will either know him personally or have heard his lectures . 
  he preached nothing but peace , and i pray he will be able to do so again . '', 
  `` in 2009 , [ the quilliam foundation ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ) , a counter-extremism think-tank , issued an ` alert ' which stated that saeed 's scottish islamic foundation , since its foundation , had acted to provide a platform for extremist islamists and advocated muslim brotherhood-style policies . 
  the quilliam foundation further noted that , in 2008 , the scottish islamic foundation had arranged for mohammed sawalha , a fugitive hamas commander , to meet with the scottish culture minister , linda fabiani . '', 
  he was part of the notoriously terrorist supporting and anti-west stop the war coalition . 
  why do you think amnesty hired a person like that ? 
  because he shares their hatred of israel . 
  open your eyes . 
   it says something about amnesty supporting non-terrorists who might have clicked `` like '' on a few facebook articles that can be interpreted in many ways . 
  they have given huge amount of support to one particular family ( even touring them round the us ) , that openly calls for a third intifada . 
  you are doing everything you can to try and hide the truth from yourself . 
   hate is too strong a word , they criticize . 
  maybe they might be critical because israel is disrespecting human rights ? 
  no it 's not . 
  [ have you read any of the tweets ? 
  ] ( http://www.ngo-monitor.org/reports/ken_roth_s_immoral_anti_israel_obsession_and_the_gaza_war_/ ) it 's obsessive demented hatred . 
   this is like americans saying amnesty criticizes human rights abuses by the us `` because they hate our freedoms '' . 
  no it 's not !, 
  it 's nothing like that . 
  it 's a fact , and amnesty themselves admitted it . 
  they disproportionately cover free societies because they are simply banned from doing any research in closed societies . 
  human rights groups would get jailed and executed in the likes of iran . 
  nowhere else in the middle east has such a free society and a free press as israel does . 
  one of the largest newspapers openly opposes the existence of the country and continually writes in support of the palestinians . 
  it 's not because they hate our freedom , it 's because they need our freedom to do their work . 
   yes it does . 
  you really think a group that condemns one terrorist group , is opposed to all terrorism ? 
  most terrorist groups oppose each other . 
   are you comparing saudi arabia , where there is proof that certain elements within the regime have financially and logistically supported terrorists , with msf or amnesty ? 
  this is completely unproven . 
  smear tactic based on nothing . 
  i was showing that the fact you condemned a specific terrorist group does n't mean you oppose all terrorism . 
  i see now you are immune to reason so i wont bother arguing with you any longer . 
   i think our values are overall much better ( caring for people ) unless they are jews being attacked by muslims of course . 
  or people who cause offence to religions . 
  it 's absurd you think americans do n't care for people . 
  the eu was progressing well , but your country and others decided liberalism was n't for them anymore , and they had to have multiculturalism and invite huge amounts of the most illiberal peoples on the planet into europe . 
  it is you that has doomed the eu with your lack of nationalism , not the uk . 
  europe was an exceptional place , and sweden an exceptional country , but they do not want to be anymore . 
  you 've become so irrationally `` anti-racist '' , that you will [ accept anti-semitism ] ( https://www.algemeiner.com/2016/04/05/swedish-jewish-activist-not-surprised-israeli-teacher-in-malmo-told-to-seek-employment-far-from-school-children-who-hate-jews/ ) rather than oppress your muslim citizens . 
  no valid arguments , so resort to name calling . 
  i am not into torture . 
  i am against the knee jerk irrational opposition to torture in all circumstances , and the extremely broad definition where mere threats are considered torture . 
  99 % of people would support torture if you put them in a specific scenario . 
  they are not unfounded accusations . 
  they glorify terrorists in their shows . 
  [ amnesty international also supports terrorists ] ( http://www.thetower.org/article/how-a-family-became-a-propaganda-machine/ ) . 
  it 's not a smear , they do it openly . 
  all the major human rights groups focus on hating israel , the least human rights abusing country in the middle east , because it is an open society that allows criticism . 
  in becoming so obesesssively and irrationally hateful towards israel , they inevitably end up working with anti-israel terrorists . 
  condemning hamas does not disprove that , just as saudi arabia condemning hezbollah does not disprove their support of terrorism . 
   in reality that situation would n't exist , and more importantly torture has been found over and over again to be a very inefficient method of extracting information . 
  if i had said `` torture should be the main way we extract information '' you might have a valid argument . 
  of course other methods are better . 
  that does n't mean torture can never ever be effective or morally necessary . 
  you can replace a nuclear attack with a simple kidnapping . 
  you have captured the kidnapper , and without him revealing the location soon the victims will die . 
  he is not revealing anything under normal interrogation methods . 
  are you willing to threaten to slap him to save the victims ? 
  [ this happened in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_david_lukas_olsen ) , it 's not an extreme scenario . 
  torture has been proven to be effective many times in history . 
  you know when you are torturing someone they will say anything to make it stop , so the information is potentially unreliable . 
  that does not mean it is never going to be accurate . 
  some information that may be wrong is better than no information . 
  captured prisoners have given away vital military information . 
  russia famously got hostages released by torturing the families of the hostage takers : `` the soviet secret police last year secured the release of three kidnaped soviet diplomats in beirut by castrating a relative of a radical lebanese shia muslim leader , sending him the severed organs '' . 
  iran continues to use torture on a large number of people very effectively . 
  i 'm not saying that 's morally right , it 's just proof torture can be effective . 
  if it was totally ineffective then it would indeed be immoral . 
  as of now , the immorality must depend on the circumstances . 
  torture is simply a form of terrorism . 
  terrorism is often ineffective , but sometimes it has been very effective . 
  hamas are able to cause billions of dollars in damage to israel by using rockets that cost mere thousands . 
   that is very misleading at best , manipulating in my opinion . 
  that 's just one example , it does n't have to be correct . 
  the other example you did n't dispute , so clearly human rights groups do sometimes support terrorism .
