  it 's not a fair trial . 
  to talk about one point he raised - no one ever claimed the eu would be creating an army without the support of eu governments . 
  our government is not a direct democracy . 
  the uk people ( presumably ) do n't want an eu army , but who is to say whether our government would support it or not . 
  it 's quite possible they would even if the public did n't . 
  once they did , we could n't do anything to stop it . 
  it would be too late . 
  if our government does something we do n't like in our country , we can vote them out and reverse the law . 
  we ca n't get rid of ever expanding eu legislation that our government agrees to implement against the will of our people . 
  the only option was for us to leave the eu . 
  just because the leave campaign were dishonest does not mean that leaving was a mistake . 
  just as remain being dishonest would n't mean remaining was a mistake . 
  ted cruz is one of the most erudite and experienced lawyers in history . 
  and yet he 's still an ignoramus and i would n't respect his verdict on any issue . 
  it 's not that the eu has been bad for us so far , it 's that they have the massive potential to be bad for us in future and we would have no legal recourse if we do n't get out now . 
  so pointing out statistics on past immigration is not relevant . 
  it 's like pointing out that europe has never been nuked before , so we might as well not worry about nuclear proliferation and we should let every country have nukes . 
  past events do n't dictate the future . 
  we can use common sense and see that the nature of immigration has now changed . 
  it 's not about the numbers of immigrants , it 's about the ideology of immigrants . 
  we can not prevent it if greece wants to send a million islamists into the uk . 
  all they need to do is give them greek citizenship and they are free to move here . 
  the greek defense minister already said last year that if western europe leaves them in the crisis they will pave a path to berlin for isis . 
  we can not accept freedom of movement under the current conditions . 
  we have to be able to vet who we let into our country . 
  we do not want freedom of movement with islamic countries . 
  at the current rate it wont be long before sweden is one . 
  being able to vet immigrants is something every other country in the world outside of the eu enjoys . 
  it is not racist to want to do this . 
  we only agreed to freedom of movement with the eu because the eu countries matched our political ideology very closely at the time . 
  with the way the eu has changed in the past 20 years , and with the recent acceptance by some states of millions of genocidally anti-semitic islamist refugees , we can not continue with freedom of movement . 
  we no longer share european ideology in general and immigration from the eu would strongly corrupt the politics of the uk . 
  we have a delicately balanced political system and we have a right to retain it . 
  the election of jeremy corbyn shows how dangerous the anti-west sentiment is and we can not let it keep growing . 
  the eu had mahmoud abbas give a speech in the eu parliament on the day of the uk eu referendum , where he received a standing ovation after making anti-semitic statements which he retracted days later . 
  when you can get a standing ovation for anti-semitism in the eu parliament , and no one spoke out against it , all of these arguments about economics become irrelevant . 
  anyone who wants to stay in the eu is akin to neville chamberlain . 
  it 's extremely easy and convenient to stop eating meat , it 's not convenient at all to stop having a smartphone . 
  there are examples of your prime minister and foreign minister saying sexist , racist and anti-semitic things . 
  your laws are extremely sexist against men . 
  so do n't try and scapegoat some small politician . 
  sweden is an extreme human rights abuser and many of the laws in place violate the european convention on human rights but nothing is done about it because it 's considered ok to discriminate against men and white people and jews . 
  even assuming a meat diet is healthier , why should we destroy the planet just to slightly improve our health ? 
  we are living too long anyway . 
  the health of our species should be more important to us than the health of individuals . 
  did you mean to say you ate meat in 50 % of your meals ? 
  a big mac is only 20 % meat by weight . 
  a meat feast pizza is only 15 % meat . 
  not worth watching , he does n't really make any points in the full 20 minutes except repeating his bias over and over . 
  does n't attack the main arguments for leaving . 
  not every possible moment of silence is going to be done . 
  cherry picking the ones that are done around the world does n't mean uefa was trying to insult turkey . 
  most sporting events did n't have one . 
  it 's rare to have minutes of silence and there are terrorist attacks all the time . 
  [ 192 in june ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents,_january%e2%80%93june_2016#june ) , 10 of them in uefa countries , how many got a moments silence ? 
  it 's far more important to have good relations with the uk than it is to have abortion rights or gay marriage . 
  any atheist who votes for sinn fein is a moron . 
  they are a party full of terrorists who hate the western world , sought arms from the nazis , from gaddafi , and from other islamic terrorist groups . 
  [ they literally call for the release of thousands of jailed terrorists ] ( http://www.sinnfein.ie/contents/39479 , responsible for thousands of civilian deaths , for no discernible reason except solidarity with terrorists . 
  it 's unfortunate we have this situation , but until the tories establish themselves properly here we will continue to have to vote dup to prevent an abhorrent anti-uk terrorist government forming . 
  [ it 's been widely ] ( http://www.businessforscotland.co.uk/10-signs-that-point-to-a-new-uk-recession-in-201617/ ) predicted for [ months/years now ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/03/the-next-recession/ ) that there was recession coming . 
  the pound was down 19 % against the dollar over the 18 months up to february this year . 
   mainly because the north is full of religious nuts and out of work terrorists . 
  it 's strange how both main northern irish parties are way more extreme than the governments they support in westminster and dublin . 
  and way more extreme than their own supporters too . 
  atheists here who support the uk have basically no choice but to support the dup even though they 're anti-gay , anti-abortion and so on . 
  to not support them means an anti-uk party will be the largest and that 's clearly worse . 
  most people support gay marriage and abortion rights but the dup keep blocking it . 
  i think the people themselves are n't any more religious in the north if you look at that recent large survey of public attitudes . 
  84 % in the north are fine with their children marrying a person of a different religion compared with only 79 % in the south . 
  on the other hand , 20 % of ni compared with 14 % of roi oppose abortions in all circumstances . 
  the uk parliament has complete sovereignty over the whole of the uk and the devolved powers can be overruled . 
  why ca n't they amend the scotland act ? 
  the scottish people will regret it hugely if they leave the uk and rejoin the eu . 
  all the illiberal migrants from asia , the middle east and north africa that wanted to illegally come to england will go to scotland instead . 
  scotland does n't have much illiberal immigration at the minute so they do n't realise what a problem it can be . 
  expect to see [ more islamists ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ) running for scottish parliament . 
  ireland should have a referendum to leave the eu and rejoin the uk . 
   what 's gon na happen ? 
  the uk is powerless lol the uk has legal sovereignty over scotland . 
  no other country can recognise an independent scottish state without the permission of the uk . 
   ( our employees are fucking morons , because they all voted to leave ... even though we do a lot of our business with the eu or maybe they selflessly voted against their own economic interests for the good of the future of the country . 
  the eu is on a downward trend , accepting in millions of extremely illiberal migrants despite the vast majority of european people wanting lower immigration . 
  with climate change this will rise into the tens of millions a year and the eu is not going to do anything to stop it because of nonsensical international laws and human rights agreements . 
  sweden pays imams to preach islam , and jews cant get jobs as teachers because the students are so anti-semitic . 
  a danish jewish actor quit his tv show ( the bridge ) because he did n't want to film in malmo anymore due to it not being safe for jews . 
  the mayor of malmo even said that jews bring it on themselves for supporting the only liberal democracy in the middle east . 
  sweden funds illegal arab settlements in palestine and groups like islamic relief which helps hamas . 
  it may seem like hyperbole but this is the path sweden has chosen . 
  anyone who cares about the treatment of jews and gays should be very worried by sweden 's embrace of islam . 
  i believed a few years ago that europe would get more and more secular , and religion would play less of a role . 
  how unfortunate the opposite is happening . 
  polls always reveal people are dumb on any side . 
  there are lots of pro-trump videos on youtube showing how ignorant anti-trump people are . 
  it does n't mean they are on the wrong side . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  germany can decide to give citizenship to all turkish people if they want , and the uk can do nothing to stop it . 
  we will certainly need to leave the eu soon given the illiberal and fascist direction it is heading , why not get it over with now ? 
  turkey is a sponsor of terror . 
  albania is a much more liberal country than turkey and it would n't be as much of an ideological problem having them in the eu .
