  mosaddegh was also not democratically elected at the time of his removal . 
  he had been appointed by the shah , rigged multiple elections , and resigned his democratic post , later being reinstated by the shah . 
  he indefinitely suspended parliament and gave himself sole power to make any law . 
   upon the refusal of the aioc to co-operate with the iranian government , the parliament ( majlis ) voted to nationalize iran 's oil industry and to expel foreign corporate representatives from the country . 
  the parliament , which was rigged by mosaddegh , voted to steal british property , and were then widely boycotted because of it as you would expect . 
  saudi arabia nationalised their oil industry without any problem , because they did it legally by buying out the shares from the americans . 
   it 's cute how you grasp at the last straw to whitewash your government 's appalling record in foreign affairs . 
  it 's not whitewashing . 
  it was in hindsight absolutely the right thing to do . 
  iran under the shah was much more progressive , prosperous and civilized than under mosaddegh . 
  britain is a hero of history for what they did . 
  iran became more democratic after the coup - a new prime minister was appointed from the parliament by the shah , and they went back to normal parliamentary business instead of a 1 man dictatorship as it had become under mosaddegh . 
  the oil industry remained nationalised . 
  i do n't know how anyone can defend mosaddegh 's actions . 
  gamma comes from the back of the mouth almost closing with the back of the tongue , w comes from the lips opening from an almost closed position . 
  ps ca n't be pronounced in english ? 
  what about maps ? 
  pn what about hypno ? 
  gn what about signify ? 
  just because we do n't start words with them does n't mean we can not pronounce them , they 're not new phonemes like a rolled r , [ gamma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiced_velar_fricative ) or chi which are hard for english speakers to pronounce . 
   or mossadeq 's attempted renegotiation of the oil royalties the anglo iranian oil company enjoyed in 1950s iran you mean when britain had already renegotiated the original deal 2 times in recent years and mosaddegh then stole british property when britain did n't agree to his terrible deal ? 
  he was then legally removed by the shah , who then negotiated from a 90/10 split to a 50/50 split . 
  britain was not the unreasonable actor in this period of history . 
  you ca n't say that for sure . 
  trump lost ny and california by huge popular vote margins because there was no point in him trying to contest them . 
  i still think hillary would have won , but i thought she would win anyway so i ca n't be trusted . 
  a majority of polls in the month leading up to brexit had leave winning , and almost all were within 2 % of a tie so it 's wrong to say the polls were wrong . 
  polls were way off in the 2015 general election - predicting a tie when it was a 6 % lead for the tories . 
  i do n't know why people do n't bring that up instead of brexit . 
  polls were way off in the [ 2015 israeli election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_israeli_legislative_election,_2015 ) too , with a 10 % swing to the right . 
  but that 's just cherry picking , there are examples of [ the left being under-rated too ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/the-polls-were-bad-in-greece-the-conventional-wisdom-was-worse/ ) . 
  if you look at polls from the 80s and 90s they seem pretty accurate compared to today , so it probably just got way harder to poll people . 
   a balanced union of nations , not one dominated by germany and a few other countries . 
  how is the eu dominated by germany ? 
  germany gets the same vote as malta , a country 200 times smaller , in the european council , which has the final say on all decisions . 
  in the parliament , they get only 16 times as many meps as malta , which gives small nations hugely disproportionate power there too . 
  france , germany , the uk and italy are together 54 % of the eu population , yet they get only 42 % of meps . 
  and meps are basically worthless anyway , that 's why it does n't matter that extremist parties like ukip win the most seats . 
  the reform the eu actually needs is to take away the hugely excessive power that small countries have . 
  1 member state with less than 1 % of the population should not be able to totally screw over all the rest , but that is how the eu is set up . 
  it 's like if alabama had the power to screw over the rest of the usa . 
  eu is built on massive risks with no ability whatsoever to mitigate them . 
  i do n't understand how people think lying is this big crime . 
  it 's totally reasonable to lie in many circumstances . 
  i would lie about my religious beliefs if i felt i was being threatened because of them . 
   and it 's written in such a way as to not offend religious freedoms according to ecthr . 
  i do n't see how that is a thing . 
  the ecthr does n't go into any detail , it leaves it totally up to a judge to interpret whether something is in violation or not . 
   everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief , in worship , teaching , practice and observance . 
   freedom to manifest one 's religion or beliefs shall be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of public safety , for the protection of public order , health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others . 
  so you can restrict freedom of religion for `` morals '' , which means you can do anything . 
  do you not have any positions different from the government of france ? 
  there are other good reasons to leave the eu , but the horrible design which allows any 1 member state to destroy all of the others is one of the best reasons . 
  allowing a nation to veto does n't mean spain and the uk have all the power . 
  this is how the eu operates - tyranny of the minority . 
  outsourcing much of your pollution to china will do that . 
  so it 's ok with you if 27 member states believe serbia should join the eu , but 1 member state ( croatia ) with less than 1 % of the eu population opposes it , it 's ok for it to be blocked ? 
  why does croatia get to have its sovereignty but the other 27 nations do n't ? 
  it 's a totally broken ineffective system that allows an extremist minority to tyrannise the rest . 
  that 's very undemocratic , but they do n't get to have their own foreign policy . 
  and you only need 51 % votes to pass things . 
  in the eu you can fail to pass things with over 90 % of the votes in favour , and each state can choose a foreign policy that all other states are totally opposed to . 
   we have a handy word in english , it is called `` prejudice '' . 
  very ambiguous word , racism is much closer in definition . 
   `` racial discrimination '' is another word we have , as is `` bigotry '' `` racial discrimination '' is a lexeme , not a word . 
  bigotry is a terrible word . 
  it means intolerance towards people who have a different opinion . 
  if you hate nazis , you 're a bigot . 
  everyone is a bigot . 
  being a bigot is neither good or bad . 
   and actually no , it is n't racist to hate jews , that would be anti-semitic . 
  anti-semitism is a more specific term , that does n't mean racism is incorrect . 
  hitler was specifically racist against jews . 
  muslim anti-semitism is generally not race-based . 
   `` racial discrimination '' is not the same as racism , hence why it is specifically called something else by the un racism does n't have to lead to discrimination , you can treat people equally while being racist against them , hence why they used the term `` racial discrimination '' rather than racism . 
  if they had used the term racism , they would be punishing thought crimes . 
  many racists are not guilty of actual racial discrimination . 
  the list of groups that can be victims of racial discrimination is still applicable to racism generally . 
   it is n't . 
  it is anti-semitic ( the nazis were quite famous for that you know ? 
  not sure if you 've heard of them ) `` hitler and other nazi leaders viewed the jews not as a religious group , but as a poisonous `` race , '' which `` lived off '' the other races and weakened them . '', 
  hitler used racial terminology when talking about jews . 
  it does n't matter if jews are n't a race , there 's no real such thing as race anyway . 
   some people might just dislike the idea of mixed babies so you 're saying that opposing inter-racial marriage is not inherently racist . 
  this is the hill you 're choosing to die on ? 
   were * yeah , and so were americans and australians . 
  you do n't seem to notice when you contradict yourself , strange . 
   english culture belongs to the english people . 
  what does it even mean , `` belongs '' ? 
   old english evolved . 
  we speak a heavily edited , but still related version . 
  every language has done so . 
  modern english evolved around the world and so it belongs to all of the places where it evolved including america and australia . 
  english as used in england and ireland both share a common ancestor with english used in historical england , and it therefore belongs to them equally . 
  there are regions of england that did n't speak english at first , why do they get to `` own '' english , but scotland/wales/ireland do n't even though it 's the same thing ? 
  the boundary between england and the other countries of the british isles are arbitrary political boundaries , not lingual boundaries . 
   because you ca n't force people to believe things . 
  speaking another language is only ever a good thing . 
  laughably wrong . 
  forcing kids to spend years of their life learning a language no other humans speak is a good thing ?
