  if you put today 's radical right back in 1930 , they would no longer be radical right . 
  the creator of the graphs considered [ the government of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_and_justice ) to be radical right for example and they do n't seem much worse than american republicans . 
  most likely he considers a party radical right if there is already a large more moderate right wing party . 
  that 's nothing to do with actual ideology . 
  likewise , the radical left is not that radical . 
  syriza for example turned out to be more moderate than expected , and the [ `` radical '' side of the party left ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/popular_unity_%28greece%29 ) forcing an early election . 
  but i 'm sure he is still counting syriza as radical left , since there is a more moderate left wing party in the parliament . 
  golden dawn are the only party in europe i can think of that are actually radical right by 1930s standards , but i do n't know all the small parties . 
  if you 're doing europe as a whole , you ca n't use each country 's internal political axis . 
  the left in one country might be more right wing than the right in another country . 
  that 's because the definition of left and right are : the 50 % most left in this country and the 50 % most right in this country . 
  in reality , almost all european politics is very left wing , even the right wing parties . 
  defining what parties are lefter and righter is subjective . 
  in my opinion a lot of the left wing parties are now more right wing than the right wing parties in their countries . 
  david cameron was way to the left of jeremy corbyn on foreign policy for example . 
  good thing none of us live in vatican city and are n't defending its practices then . 
  the eu is really such an ineffective organisation that one small rogue member state can screw everything up . 
  it 's not a coincidence that the `` full democracies '' average 0.24 % of the world 's population while the `` flawed democracies '' average 0.79 % of the world 's population . 
  it 's a lot easier to stand out when you have a small population . 
   '' [ full democracies are ] countries in which not only basic political freedoms and civil liberties are respected , but which also tend to be underpinned by a political culture conducive to the flourishing of democracy . 
  media are independent and diverse ... '' most of the top countries severely restrict what political opinions are allowed and severely restrict freedom of expression in particular . 
  some of them heavily brainwash their citizens with state owned media outlets and in the schools . 
  this index is extremely subjective and the economist is obviously very biased in how it decides to answer all the questions . 
  they count state owned propaganda outlets and media monopolies as the same thing but they 're not . 
  i 'd bet that there are more media monopolies in the likes of norway and iceland than there are in the us , if only because they have far fewer media outlets . 
  the index counts states that use torture as undemocratic , even though it has nothing to do with democracy . 
  any rational moral thinking person would agree that torture can be used in rare circumstances . 
  many other things totally unrelated to democracy are counted , due to the economist 's bias . 
  the us has much less government brainwashing of the people and much more freedom of expression than the countries above it on this index . 
  for example , the uk and canada both banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries but us courts have consistently found in their favour . 
  in not a single one of the 5 measures is the us above canada or the uk , which is obviously erroneous . 
  you ca n't really quantify all the different things they are trying to measure . 
  some are much much more important than others . 
  the uk moved up in the index because of high turnout in the referendum , but the us never had an opportunity for such a major referendum so why should it get punished for that ? 
  and why is high turnout good ? 
  if people are so satisfied with their government that they do n't worry about who wins , election turnout might be very low . 
  is n't forcing people to vote like australia does undemocratic and a violation of civil liberties ? 
  the us should be stricter on illegal immigration so that human trafficking is n't a billion dollar industry . 
  it 's unfair on the good people that want to come to the us but are n't willing to break the law to do it , while the rapists can come in easily because they obviously are willing to break the law . 
  we have to be able to vet the people that come in , that is n't racist . 
  j used to be i in english too until the 1600s when it changed . 
  hundreds of foreign imported words have been mispronounced for centuries , but people only seem to complain when it 's food that we more recently became introduced to . 
  we can say gyroscope , but we ca n't say gyros . 
  so why is it you do n't stand up for your secular liberal values ? 
  why does sweden believe that islamic values are just as good and that any criticism of them is racism ? 
   people have shitty beliefs , but thought crime is not actually a valid category of crime they are not being arrested for a crime . 
  they are being denied entry into the country because their `` thoughts '' are incompatible with our values . 
   not a valid category by which they can be denied entry on grounds of asylum absolutely it is . 
  by your logic , you ca n't deny asylum to an isis supporter whose life is endangered in isis held territory due to the fact that they support isis and are under constant bombardment . 
  the right to seek asylum is bogus anyway and the us should pull out of any international agreements that take away us sovereignty over its borders . 
   liberalism can not lose in this ideological battleground yes it can and it is losing . 
  the western world is becoming less liberal . 
  bridget bardot has faced nearly a dozen convictions in france for merely criticising islam . 
  it 's basically illegal for atheists to share their beliefs , but it 's ok for muslims to want atheists to be killed and tortured for eternity because that 's a sacred belief that has protection from discrimination in human rights . 
  only a small minority of the world are liberals . 
  we must discriminate so that our countries can remain liberal . 
   ultimately , there will always be many more people who want personal freedom than those who do not , no matter where they come from . 
  wrong . 
  as a non-religious person you completely fail to understand that religious people do indeed believe in their own religion and are n't just faking it . 
  i was n't being sarcastic there if that 's what you thought . 
  the qu ` ran is very clear that jews and christians are to be treated civilly , and says specifically they can be invited into mosques to pray , and yet the palestinians think it 's a cause for war if jews merely pray near their own holiest site . 
  so yes muslims can have conflicts that go against islamic teaching , but the tribalism that fuels the conflict originates with religious identity . 
  i bet over 90 % of people who think kellyanne made up bowling green do n't know there was actually a terrorist plot there that was stopped . 
  [ wikipedia is a good resource ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bowling_green_massacre ) as the media deliberately leaves out a lot of important information . 
  she misspoke and it was n't that big a deal . 
  obama misspoke many times , like when he said `` my muslim faith '' , and the media was really mad that republicans jumped all over that and yet here they are doing the same thing . 
  so you 're saying anti-islam = nazi , even though hitler was an ally with many muslim leaders and said positive things about their religion ? 
  anti-illegal immigration is nazi too ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you implied that there is no way iran would sponsor aq simply because they are sunni , which is disproven by iran 's sponsoring of hamas . 
  if it was bullshit , your argument was bullshit originally . 
   the u.s. indictment of bin laden filed in 1998 stated that al-qaeda `` forged alliances . 
  with the government of iran and its associated terrorist group hezbollah for the purpose of working together against their perceived common enemies . 
  '' [ 53 ] on may 31 , 2001 , steven emerson and daniel pipes wrote in the wall street journal that `` officials of the iranian government helped arrange advanced weapons and explosives training for al-qaeda personnel in lebanon where they learned , for example , how to destroy large buildings . 
  '' [ 60 ]  the 9/11 commission report stated that 8 to 10 of the hijackers on 9/11 previously passed through iran and their travel was facilitated by iranian border guards . 
  [ 53 ] [ 61 ] the report also found `` circumstantial evidence that senior hezbollah operatives were closely tracking the travel of some of these future muscle hijackers into iran in november 2000 . 
  '' [ 61 ] after the commission called for `` further investigation '' into a possible iranian role in the attacks , president george w. bush demanded that iran sever its ties with al-qaeda , while saying that in his view , `` there was no direct connection between iran and the attacks of september 11 . 
  '' [ 62 ]  judge george b. daniels ruled in a federal district court in manhattan that iran bears legal responsibility for providing `` material support '' to the 9/11 plotters and hijackers in havlish , et al. 
  [ 63 ] [ 64 ] included in judge daniels ' findings was that iran `` used front companies to obtain a boeing 757-767-777 flight simulator for training the terrorists '' , ramzi bin al-shibh traveled to iran in january 2001 , and an iranian government memorandum from may 14 , 2001 demonstrates iranian culpability in planning the attacks . 
  [ 63 ] two defectors from iran 's intelligence service testified that iranian officials had `` foreknowledge of the 9/11 attacks . 
  '' [ 65 ] by contrast , the 9/11 commission `` found no evidence that iran or hezbollah was aware of the planning for later became the 9/11 attack . 
  at the time of their travel through iran , the al qaeda operatives themselves were probably not aware of the specific details of their future operation . '', 
  it 's pretty clear here that iran , while maybe not a primary funder of aq , was at least knowingly helping them in some ways due to a shared hatred of the west . 
   as saddam 's wmds there was never any evidence that saddam had wmds , it was that he was trying to make them and he was . 
  he stopped making them sometime in the bush administration as the sanctions against iraq were harming him too much . 
  there is a mountain of evidence showing iran helping al qaeda . 
  you say chocolate and not shocola ? 
  except most of the refugees are white too . 
  it 's about cultural compatability , not race . 
  [ there are blonde haired blue eyed arabs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4fm9wgrwdq ) . 
  steve job 's parents were syrian , do you think he was n't white ? 
  tolerance towards jews , gays , cartoonists and atheists . 
  [ 80 % of central american women , girls are raped crossing into the u.s. ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/12/central-america-migrants-rape_n_5806972.html ) , but who cares because they 're not citizens of the usa !, 
  and the huffington post is just a right wing propaganda outlet !, 
  except people do n't think it 's collapsing due to violence , but due to the deterioration of western culture . 
  when you visit dublin and see posters all around the city calling for the release of terrorists who were responsible for the deaths of hundreds of civilians , there has been an extreme collapse in moral values . 
  when the president of ireland is currently in cuba praising the cuban regime , it is a sign that the eu has become a home for anti-western ideology of all kinds . 
   another right-wing myth is that many of these kids are islamists . 
  but in fact , many kids in these immigrant suburbs are christians or minority-islamic sects like yazidis . 
  very interesting that you do n't give any numbers here .
