  should irish nationalists have been happy being a part of the uk ? 
  should palestinian nationalists be happy being stateless ? 
  nationalism is required so that different peoples can have their own laws to suit their ideology and prevents constant conflicts . 
  having a country that 's half islamists and half liberals does n't work too well . 
  nationalism protects minorities by giving them self determination . 
  the eu is effectively a nationalistic organisation - hence why they are n't letting non-european countries in . 
  most people do not live in liberal democracies . 
  thankfully , we have nationalism so that the ~ 30 % of people that do live in liberal democracies can continue to do so . 
  [ wikipedia 's page on catalans calls them an ethnic group in the very first sentence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalans ) . 
  and you think i 'm the troll here ? 
  saddam and gaddafi were 2 of the largest state sponsors of terror in history . 
  saddam harboured the future leader of al qaeda in baghdad in 2002 . 
  he paid a huge monetary reward to any palestinians that committed terrorist attacks against jews . 
  he fired 42 scud missiles at israeli civilians in 1990 destroying thousands of homes . 
  trump clearly does n't inform himself about topics before forming strong opinions . 
  and trump was the only person willing to host gaddafi in new york after all other hotels refused to have him . 
  he had business dealings with him . 
  there 's a reason the hamas loving malik obama is a strong trump supporter , and many other muslim extremists are . 
  trump has business dealings with lots of extremist terrorist sponsoring countries , there is evidence that he donated to the ira in the 90s and he recently called pakistan a `` terrific '' country even though it 's probably the worst of all . 
  how is it not borderline racist that you would decide who gets the right to vote based on their ethnicity and not their residence or citizenship ? 
  i 'm not aware of any election that uses ethnicity to decide who gets to vote . 
   also that comparison to israel , which is a country defined on religion and ethnicity is just absurd . 
  how is it absurd ? 
  israel is a secular nation founded by atheists . 
  and it gives arabs the right to vote . 
  catalonia must do the same for its ethnic minority residents or it 's effectively apartheid . 
  that 's false . 
  there are many independent countries that got independence legally . 
  india and pakistan , greece and turkey , israel , the list goes on . 
  you did n't really answer any of the questions . 
  if catalonia gets independence , can barcelona then become independent from it ? 
  and can individual streets in barcelona decide to become independent from that ? 
  at some point nations must have a right to their territory . 
  because he admired saddam and gaddafi , not because he is anti-war . 
  all land in a country is owned by the government of the country . 
  to take away their land you need their permission . 
  a people have a right to self determination but they must find land they can legally do it on . 
  catalans can go purchase some land in siberia for their country , thus fulfilling their right to self determination . 
  they do not have a right to take away part of spain that currently all spanish people have equal right to . 
  that 's undemocratic . 
   catalans who were outside catalonia at the day of the referendum were not allowed to vote what if a person is half catalan and lives in madrid , do you think they should be allowed to vote ? 
  how will you define who is catalan or not ? 
  it 's borderline racist . 
  it 's like if israel allowed american jews to vote in their elections , but not israeli arabs . 
   scotland is a lot more progressive [ the snp 's endorsement of sharia law does n't bother you ? 
  ] ( http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/press/quilliam-alert-scottish-national-party-to-endorse-islamist-candidate/ ), 
  why do they have that right ? 
  do you think texas has the right to independence too ? 
  is any region of any country allowed to vote for independence ? 
  do you think the rich regions of a country have a right to become `` independent '' , effectively kicking out the poor regions ? 
  it 's not such a simple issue as saying everyone has a right to independence . 
  catalonia belongs to everyone in spain equally by law . 
  anyone in spain can move there and live there and vote in its regional elections . 
  discriminating against voters by what their ethnicity is is wrong , as is discriminating by where they live . 
  the only legitimate option is that every spanish citizen gets to vote . 
  the way they are doing it afaik they are even allowing foreigners who live in catalonia to vote which is absurd . 
  the us is n't in either . 
  the uk is divorcing itself from european politics , it needs its own human rights . 
  we can do much better than the echr which is riddled with horrible exceptions . 
  there might as well be no right to freedom of expression in the echr given how full of holes it is : '' [ freedom of expression ] may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . '', 
  if he was so abusive , she could have made a self defense case by timing the shooting at a time he was threatening her and got 0 years in jail for it . 
  as it is , from the description it sounds like she is a murderer who got only 4 years in jail . 
   according to the prosecution , lieberman assaulted two youths who had previously attacked lieberman 's son in nokdim . 
  at the time of the filing of charges , the parents of one of the youths appeared in the israeli media and stated that , in his opinion , lieberman was innocent , but that the police decided to pursue the case in any event . 
  lots of parents `` assault '' children that bully their kids . 
  assault is not always as serious an offense as it sounds . 
  just grabbing them to shout at is assault . 
  [ especially in egypt ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/12/egypt-copts-muslim-christian-isis/511007/?utm_source=atltw ) . 
   the very definition of marriage makes it absolutely impossible to get married with someone with same sex . 
  by traditional values it 's ok to marry a 9 year old , or 13 different women , or to force a woman to marry her rapist , or to take your enemies ' women as spoils of war . 
  these definitions of marriage are abhorrent and no longer allowed , while lgbt marriages are not remotely abhorrent so are allowed . 
  how is it provocative to promote lgbt rights ? 
  we can not have equality for all , we have to have some restrictions such as on polygamy , incest , beastiality and paedophilia . 
  there is a balance between equality and liberty . 
  it 's ridiculously naive to think it 's so simple you can just say `` equality for all '' . 
   what would happen if a german leader asked a crowd of his supporters whether they want more or less jews in this country , and say `` we 'll make that happen '' ? 
  what would happen if a german politician wanted to ethnically cleanse 700,000 jews from the west bank ? 
  nothing , that 's a popular opinion . 
  by your logic , it is also racist that the eu targets israelis , criticises jews that live in the west bank and forcefully applies labels to products they produce . 
  you could convict probably more than 1/3rd of europe 's politicians of racism if you consistently applied your logic . 
  on the very day of brexit the eu parliament gave a standing ovation to anti-semitism , when mahmoud abbas gave a speech in which he accused rabbis of poisoning palestinian water wells . 
  everyone who clapped should get convicted of racism !, 
  what you just said is hate speech . 
  likud are a moderate secular party , far more moderate than any other government in the middle east . 
  netanyahu is widely believed to have supported hillary and he got on very well with the previous 3 british prime ministers so trying to link him and farage is deeply unfair . 
  so how come ireland 's gdp is 25 % larger than the uks , and yet has no dark red areas like the uk does ? 
  and using purchasing power parity , ireland 's is over 30 % larger than the uk 's yet looks poorer on this map . 
  northern irish gdp per capita is less than half of ireland 's so there should be a big difference but the colours are almost the same . 
  compare it to greek gdp which is only 20 % below northern ireland 's and is a full 2-3 colours off . 
  the rich living in a small area of the country would n't explain it . 
  your organs will be used to help overpopulate the world and contribute to climate change . 
  if you want the best chance of survival for humanity in the long term you should n't donate your organs . 
  it 's more harmful to the environment than eating meat even . 
  it 's understandable you think it 's a kindness but it 's really not , the quadrillion unborn humans deserve your compassion more than the current generations . 
  so long as you are in the eu you ca n't do anything about it . 
  germany can accept 100m refugees , give them eu citizenship and then they can move to austria . 
  as long as the government is paying a license fee to the copyright holder of the books then it 's great . 
  greeks prefer russia over the us , and the people that hate jews tend to also hate the us . 
  i strongly dispute what parties are considered left and right wing . 
  i bet they are considering sinn fein and labour left wing even though they are currently far right on foreign policy .
