  111/120 members of jordanian parliament called a terrorist a hero and demanded his release , after opening fire on a bus full of jewish school girls killing 7 of them . 
  probably because you have n't looked into some of the decisions against the uk . 
  for example there was a 10-9 decision which ruled the uk violated human rights when they killed ira terrorists that were in the middle of bombing a police station , and made the uk pay thousands to the families of the terrorists . 
  they blocked us from deporting terrorists . 
  they also ruled that we are in violation of human rights for giving criminals life sentences , which is extreme considering some of the stuff they let countries get away with . 
  for example , they ruled that turkey was not in breach when it prosecuted someone for insulting islam . 
  the echr also allows russia to get away with anti-lgbt legislation since free speech can be restricted `` for the protection of public health or morals '' , and even lets russia get away with banning people from reading the bible in their own home . 
  it 's absurd how poorly written the echr is and how biased the activist judged on the ecthr are . 
  according to the echr , deporting a terrorist or giving them a life sentence is a breach of their human rights , but jailing someone for insulting islam is not . 
  just to illustrate how nonsensically written the echr is , check the article for the right to marry . 
  it literally says you have the right to marry as long as it conforms to the national laws . 
  so if your national law says gays cant marry , tough luck . 
  if your national law says you have to be 50 years old to marry , that 's not a violation of human rights . 
  what is the point in a human right if it 's beneath the national law ? 
  the people who wrote the echr ( yes i know they were british , that does n't mean i should support it ) were not logical . 
  people now treat the echr as a religious text , nobody actually reads the thing but you 're not allowed to criticise it or you 're an evil monster . 
  women certainly are discriminated against , but why should they get to be 50 % of politicians just because of that ? 
  the discrimination does n't account for the whole gap , only a part of it . 
  so the law should encourage a greater number of women politicians without forcing them to 50 % which is a discrimination against men who make up more than 50 % of those who want to be politicians . 
  in ireland for example , the parties are required to field no less than 30 % of either gender . 
  that 's much more reasonable . 
  but it would also be problematic because small parties may not have enough candidates , and some parties have policies that are n't attractive to women so are n't necessarily discriminating if they dont have as many women candidates . 
  for example republicans dont have as many black members of congress since 90 % of black people support democrats , that does n't mean they are n't giving the few black candidates they do get a fair shot . 
  oh , so you do n't feel discriminated against so it 's ok that other people are ? 
  gingers are heavily under-represented and discriminated against , should n't there be fines for parties that do n't field ginger candidates ? 
  short people are too , it does n't matter if you feel you 're not discriminated against because of it . 
  it 's very hard to tell when you 're being discriminated against but there is plenty of evidence that short people are heavily discriminated against , especially in politics . 
  the taller us presidential candidate has won the popular vote 67 % of the time , and some of the times they lost it was because both candidates were tall ( romney lost to a tall obama & gore lost to a tall bush ) . 
  hillary clearly had a big disadvantage due to her height , in the debates trump was towering over her and that made him look more powerful . 
   while women suffer less from the pression of being manly , confident , provide money for his family , being career-successful your examples of male discrimination are pretty weak . 
  how about the fact males cant be victims of rape by a female in uk law , males get longer prison sentences for the same crime , domestic violence laws privilege women , male genital mutilation is considered no big deal , males are doing much worse in education due to a lack of male teachers and other factors that people would care about if it was the other way around , males do n't have the same right to abandon their child ( abortion/adoption ) that females have but are still expected to pay for that child 's upbringing while females can absolve themselves of any responsibility , females get custody the vast majority of the time , and males are discriminated against in the divorce courts . 
  it is a hiring process , for the most important job in the country . 
  there is no reason that people should be represented by irrelevant factors that people are born with . 
  they should be represented by political opinions . 
   i would n't feel represented by an assembly that features 75 % of women . 
  you 're a misogynist then . 
  what about minority men , do n't they deserve better representation too ? 
  due to the desire to increase female representation , minority males are being overlooked . 
  labour had 8 new black candidates in the uk election , and none were male . 
  the statistics are being manipulated and it 's causing even more discrimination . 
  what about the government cabinet , should it be 50/50 too ? 
  if you want a finance minister , and your top 5 candidates are all men , would you pick the 6th best candidate so as to meet gender parity ? 
   totally agree  how can you agree with that ? 
  `` privileged '' people are naturally better at the job of being politicians . 
  why would you want someone who failed at life to control the country ? 
  should we have quotas for people with learning disabilities too ? 
  a parliament that is 100 % people that do n't have alzheimers or down syndrome does n't represent the population !, 
  the fact that you do n't get the best people elected every time does n't mean you should n't at least try . 
  if you 're not trying to have the best possible candidates , you 're admitting that the future of the country is not your priority . 
  why even have elections at all if you do n't want to try and have the best candidates ? 
  why not just have people selected randomly if it 's all about representing the population ? 
   there is also racism and many forms of discrimination ( like against fat people , and i 'm thin ) did n't france pass a law recently that heavily discriminates against thin people ? 
  no such law would be allowed if it was discriminating against fat people , there would be outrage , so why is it ok to discriminate against thin people , or whites , or males , or jews ? 
  just because some groups are seen as privileged does n't make it ok to discriminate against them . 
  the constituency based system is the problem then , not the lack of forced quotas . 
  if there is a minority that is 5 % of france 's population spread throughout the country they will never get their candidates elected anywhere . 
  this can either be solved by proportional representation , having forced quotas is ridiculous . 
  do you support parties being forced to have 10 % of their candidates muslim ? 
  an election to the most important job in the country , so it 's even more important to not discriminate and to pick solely based on merit . 
  do you think there are too many jews in the us congress ? 
  should we put a quota on jews , so that congress can be more representative of the general population ? 
  if you were hiring for a job , and you had 1 woman and 10 men apply , do you think there 'd be a 50/50 chance you 'd pick the woman ? 
  but may 's not going to do anything about those 28k suspected jihadis is she ? 
  she 's not going to deport or lock them all up . 
  and nothing will be done about the millions of people that support the , and other terrorist groups , they will continue to grow and heavily influence our democracy . 
  one of them is the leader of the opposition . 
  corbyn has said hamas fight for peace and social justice . 
  they kill gays and jews . 
  how can it be ok to support hamas , who are an enemy of the state that kills innocent people , but you can be arrested for burning a qu ` ran which hurts no one ? 
  instead of confronting this , may is increasing hate speech laws which protect the terrorists and their religion from criticism . 
  the ecthr ruled 10-9 that the uk violated human rights by shooting ira terrorists who were in the middle of bombing a police station . 
  the uk had to pay thousands to the terrorists ' families . 
  let 's not pretend human rights are some sacred thing that can never be wrong , they 're just laws like any other and it 's totally reasonable to want to change laws . 
  are you sure ? 
  the uk arrested someone for burning a qu ` ran , so causing such a huge threat to national security and causing huge public disorder by holding a fake referendum should surely be punishable ? 
  the echr allows for the restriction of free speech on these grounds . 
  are any of their players even really saudis ? 
  saudi arabia is a reliable ally that co-operates with us in the war on terror . 
  they sent condolences after the attack : `` as we strongly condemn this terrorist act , we , on behalf of the people and government of the kingdom of saudi arabia , offer our deepest condolences to your excellency , the families of the victims and friendly british people . 
  we re-confirm the firm position of the kingdom of saudi arabia on rejecting such terrorist acts in all their forms and manifestations , re-emphasizing the importance of international efforts to confront and eradicate them . '' - king salman `` i have received with deep sorrow the news of the terrorist attack that took place in front of the british parliament which resulted in deaths and injuries . 
  as i strongly condemn such criminal acts , i offer my deepest condolences to your excellency , the families of the victims and the friendly british people , '' crown prince mohammed this is just the typical anti-saudi propaganda from the guardian/independent/etc , who are really just attacking the tories for being allies with them . 
  iran is the real state sponsor of terror against us but you wont see propaganda articles like this against them because corbyn is a close ally of them . 
   you definition of support is bollocks , wanting to talk to people to reach diplomatic solutions = / = support . 
  `` hamas are committed to peace and social justice [ and should not be considered a terrorist group ] '' = / = `` wanting to talk to people '' . 
   you say we did n't explain but it got explained in this very reddit conversation i 'm referring to the `` bring mine enemies hither '' quote . 
  if you read the full parable , there is no context that explains it away . 
  it 's fairly straight forwardly evil . 
  labour and sf do n't put their more unsavoury views in their manifestos , but it 's easy to find speeches they have made . 
  jeremy corbyn is a close ally of cuba and iran , 2 of the most oppressive and right wing countries on earth . 
  his foreign policy is extremely right wing and anti-west . 
  and you still have n't explained what you think it means , because there 's no explaining it away . 
  even if there 's some convoluted way for you to explain it away , this is supposed to be the divine word of god , it should not be so easy to misinterpret that it inspires wars . 
  i 've been commenting about corbyn 's anti-semitism since before he was elected labour leader , but you just assume i know little about it because it 's more convenient for you . 
  [ there is video proof of corbyn supporting hamas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgj1phewifq ) . 
  it has nothing to do with biased headlines . 
  the only bias is from corbyn apologists who do n't care about the truth and would rather assume every criticism of corbyn is automatically a lie and a smear . 
  those are n't official dup policies either , they 're personal beliefs of some of their mps . 
  the tories also have a few mps that have similar views . 
  joe biden is anti-abortion , but the democrats do n't support laws against it . 
   if a group of extremist muslims were about to sit in parliament and have a big say on the way this country will be ran then i think everyone would have a fucking problem but the ones hating on the dup mostly had no problem with jeremy corbyn , who is a supporter of hamas , hezbollah & iran .
