  if not why not ? 
  journalists are n't automatically innocent , and other countries punish journalists too . 
  the uk has extreme libel laws that allow journalists to be sued for very insignificant things . 
  katie hopkins recently had to pay # 300k for tweeting `` scrawl on any war memorials lately ? '', 
  to the wrong person . 
  that 's equivalent to 10 years in jail for an average person . 
  should n't the uk score low because of that ? 
  but freedom house ignores it . 
  the eu is a nationalistic organisation , hence why the vast majority of nations are not allowed into it . 
  preaching `` hate '' is a protected human right . 
  politicians preach hate constantly . 
  human rights groups preach hate . 
  anti-hate groups preach hate . 
  the wbc are pacifists . 
  they believe all humans deserve to die because we 're all sinners . 
  they 've never harmed anyone . 
  we do n't ban all muslim preachers , why do we ban pacifist christian preachers ? 
  clearly there is a racist double standard here . 
   are the jordanians and egyptians calling for drafting laws about death penalty for their non-muslims or making increasingly discriminatory steps toward their non-muslim minorities ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  yes they are . 
  in jordan and egypt , apostasy is punished by years in prison . 
  in jordan , 110 out of 120 members of parliament called for a terrorist who [ opened fire on jewish school girls killing 7 of them ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/jordanian-who-killed-7-israeli-schoolgirls-in-1997-set-for-release/ ) to be released , and called him a hero for his actions . 
  the king prevented his release . 
  jordan as a democracy would be much worse for minorities . 
   jordan does n't curtails christian rights at all it absolutely does . 
  if a muslim converts to christianity they go to jail , and they can receive other extreme punishments such as having their marriage and inheritance revoked . 
  where are the human rights groups on this issue ? 
  they seem to only care when islamists are arrested . 
  in a democracy , what people think has real consequences . 
  these people can soon vote for political parties that favour the death penalty for non-muslims . 
  if they are already citizens there is nothing you can do , but discriminating against foreigners based on their beliefs is perfectly reasonable . 
  the uk and canada have both banned the westboro baptist church from entering . 
  they are pacifist preachers and more liberal than the vast majority of muslims . 
  sweden opens its doors to islamists who want a second holocaust , but [ turns away muslims who have converted to christianity , even though they get the death penalty for it in their home country . 
  ] ( http://www.charismanews.com/world/38808-sweden-denies-asylum-to-christians-facing-persecution ) . 
  `` best '' is subjective . 
  most of the countries on this list oppress atheists and free speech , so they are only the `` best '' if you keep your mouth shut . 
  the us should be # 1 as it is the only country that actually values free speech and freedom of religion . 
  even with trump as president they remain the least fascist state on the list though that could change . 
  this is so short-sighted . 
  crime is not a good reason to expel refugees . 
  probably 60 % of refugees support having the death penalty for non-muslims , but since they do n't commit a crime , they are ok to stay ? 
  that is worse than rape . 
  cutting the state 's budget is a vague goal . 
  you can do it many different ways , and by different amounts . 
  source ? 
  greece opened its borders deliberately . 
  syriza could easily have continued to stop refugees coming in , as new democracy had . 
  `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too . '' - greek defense minister march 2015 . 
  the majority of refugees are white . 
  no such thing as `` brown people '' , that 's a term used by racists to describe a variety of different groups . 
  the fact is that over 60 % in many countries where the refugees are from support the death penalty for non-muslims . 
  such people should not be welcome in europe , but the eu is too blind and ignorant to care about that , all they care about is helping people that are suffering , even if these people suffer because of their own extremist religious values . 
   after the war , a large proportion of the community emigrated to israel including [ the second chief rabbi of israel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yitzhak_halevi_herzog ) , a fluent speaker of the irish language . 
  known as `` the sinn f\u00e9in rabbi '' for his support of the first d\u00e1il and the irish republican cause during the irish war of independence . 
  his son later became president of israel , and grandson is currently leader of the opposition . 
  [ israel 's third longest serving prime minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yitzhak_shamir ) was n't irish , but he `` sought to emulate the anti-british struggle of the irish republicans and took the nickname `` michael '' after irish republican leader michael collins . '', 
  germany could have stopped brexit with this decision . 
  if the beast has a human brain , i do n't think it 's beastiality anymore , it 's just a deformed human . 
  the break up of the eu is unfortunately inevitable . 
  there will be a billion refugees in mena/asia from climate change trying to move to the eu within a few decades , and each country will want to have their own border controls because of it . 
  eu freedom of movement is a fundamental principle and it wont be the eu any longer if they get rid of that . 
  the uk would have voted remain if there was no freedom of movement . 
  you ca n't draw this conclusion without more data . 
  it 's like saying trump 's victory is proof that americans love putin when actually most americans still hate putin but voted trump for other reasons . 
  certainly some switched because of brexit , but there were other reasons too . 
  the dup are horribly corrupt and incompetent , and they still managed to beat sinn fein . 
  there is no party for left wing unionists , so they can safely vote for the left wing nationalist parties given that they have no authority on foreign policy . 
  your comparison would be fair if derek wilford was the british prime minister . 
  but he 's not . 
  they got 13.8 % of the vote in ireland and 28 % in northern ireland . 
  520,000 votes all together . 
  fine gael got 540,000 votes in last year 's election , and they do n't even run in northern ireland . 
   if you have troops fighting in other countries you 're not very peaceful . 
  well then the index is bogus . 
  being neutral and letting other countries be invaded by aggressors is not very moral , even if it is technically `` peaceful '' . 
  pacifism is n't truly peaceful , it is delivering society up to the most evil members . 
  the only reason you can sleep peaceably in your bed at night is because rough men stand ready to do violence on your behalf . 
  the issue is that the law is not applied 99.99 % of the time , and it is written so broadly and ambiguous that they can prosecute 90 % of french people . 
   i can say that if this had been a uk citizen doing this - we 'd be acting the same way france is . 
  or rather we 'd be compelled to , due to our own laws . 
  no we would n't . 
  literally millions of british people have published images that qualify for conviction , and yet they do n't get convicted . 
  we let newspapers get away with actively supporting terrorist groups ( e.g. 
  the guardian ) , but you think we would jail someone for posting a screenshot of an isis video in an anti-isis context ? 
  a quick google shows there are tons of isis-taken images on british news websites , and [ many photos of people killed by terrorists ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/22/libya-gaddafi-dead-body-treatment ) , how come none of these media outlets have been convicted ? 
  wikipedia is full of such images , how have they not been convicted ? 
  [ the bbc published images of terrorists displaying body parts of israeli soldiers they ripped apart ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/olmedia/965000/images/_969335_pal_blood_handsafp150.jpg ) . 
  it 's absurd that this is considered illegal and i ca n't believe anyone is defending it . 
  if the law is against publish violent images , you would have millions of french people in jail for it . 
  thousands of french people posted these very same images , everyone who retweeted her counts as publishing it even , and that 's just 1 of millions of violent images . 
  why is it only le pen that gets prosecuted ? 
  french law is clearly written so broadly that they can prosecute whoever the government or police dislike . 
  government does n't like bridget bardot ? 
  let 's convict her 5 different times for criticising islam since that 's somehow illegal but almost everyone else who does it gets away with it . 
  hollande himself has said similar things and got away with it . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  you can have 20 million people say something , but if someone lodges a complaint about 1 particular individual , that individual is the only one that gets arrested for it . 
  `` hate speech '' is a crime that almost everyone in the country is guilty of , but only a handful of people get arrested for .
