what 's embarrassing about it ? 
  [ they encourage the killing of jewish babies ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/186507#.vekihsjbg-o ) . 
  they even have the death penalty for selling land to a jew . 
  and ireland supports them unconditionally . 
   nowadays , the jewish in western europe are n't persecuted . 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/a-new-anti-semitism-why-thousands-of-jewish-citizens-are-leaving-france/ ), 
   this is because our island is proof that it works but only if both sides agree as equals . 
  why would you compare the situation in ireland with israel ? 
  it 's not remotely similar . 
  a 2 state solution will never work because the palestinians dont want it . 
   80 % in polls oppose the minimum concessions that could ever be feasible ( sharing jerusalem , giving up right of return for financial compensation ) . 
  if ireland recognises a palestinian state it makes the 2 state solution less likely , by encouraging the palestinians to be even less willing to make concessions . 
   ireland also in no way supports hamas false . 
  the president of ireland has tried multiple times to get hamas taken off the eu list of terrorist groups . 
  [ nice comparison there ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world#middle_east_and_north_africa ) . 
   the british did n't respond by firing mortars and missiles at random housing estates in belfast . 
  and israel does n't respond by firing random missiles at gaza , wtf ? 
  gaza is one of the most densely populated areas on the planet , with a population that is 50 % children , and israel attacked over 5000 targets during the recent war . 
  a mere 2000 people died , and most of them were adults . 
  fatah and hamas both praised a baby killing terrorist recently . 
  supporting them is disgusting . 
   tens of millions of soviets died to defeat the brunt of the nazi force and the least we could do is to acknowledge it . 
  it is acknowledged . 
  there is no obligation to make films about the eastern front . 
  the russians are more likely to make films about their own part in the war , it 's not an attempt at propaganda . 
  hollywood 's job is to entertain not to teach history . 
  looking at casualty figures is misleading because the ussr was accomplishing less for every dead soldier . 
  the ussr had 28m deaths compared with 1.5 m for uk , france & usa put together , but they certainly did n't have 18 times as big an impact on the allied victory . 
  total troop deployment is more indicative of the size of the fronts - ussr 34.5 m , usa , france & uk 26.5 m. 
  the ussr would not have defeated the germans alone , only the usa could have done that as their economy was larger than the ussr and germany 's put together . 
  why do you care so much only about the current generations of animals ? 
  there are quadrillions of unborn animals whose ecosystem has been destroyed that should be a much higher priority . 
  it 's morally better in the long term to torture livestock to death if it is more environmentally friendly . 
   greece is the only country outside of middle east to have a state religion til that the united kingdom is in the middle east . 
  [ here 's a map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map_of_state_religions.svg ) of state religions . 
  there are 17 of them outside of the middle east . 
  britain does have more in common with the us . 
  these questions are stupidly biased . 
  nobody in need versus freedom - did none of the people answering think about what a lack of freedom to pursue your goals means ? 
  the only thing it can mean is slavery . 
  even communists are free to pursue goals . 
  and what does people in need mean ? 
  it 's impossible for an intelligent person to answer this question . 
  success in life determined by forces outside control - that sounds quite like a religious attitude to me ( der mentsh trakht un got lakht ) . 
  it 's obviously easy to see answering either way . 
  it is partly up to you ( unless you want to argue there is no free will which is technically correct ) , and partly up to the circumstances you are given . 
  us - isolationism . 
  and yet the us gives twice as much foreign aid as any other country , and is the most willing to liberate allies from invasion . 
  culture - even as a brit i would say us culture is superior to any other . 
  it 's the melting pot of the world , and it 's where the majority of great film , television , music and games are made . 
  britain has produced some good music but it 's not even close in overall cultural output . 
  the us has won almost 3 times as many nobel prizes as any other country . 
  they gave us the internet . 
  of course their culture is the greatest in the world . 
  importance of religion - who expected such a low figure for the us ? 
  normally we hear about how 90 % of americans are christian , and as much as 50 % are the crazies that believe jesus is coming back in their lifetime . 
  necessary/not necessary to believe in god - like most of these questions , it 's left up to interpretation precisely what this means . 
  does it mean the death penalty for those who dont ? 
  if i was a christian i 'm sure i would believe it necessary to be one to be a moral person , otherwise why be a christian at all ? 
  sometimes necessary to use military force to maintain order in the world - i 'm flabberghasted at the number of people who did n't answer agree . 
  it shows how much people have been brainwashed by anti-war propaganda . 
  just because the wars in recent history have n't been legitimate does n't mean it is never going to be necessary to have a military . 
  how can anyone argue against the liberation of kuwait or south korea ? 
  un approval - the un would not approve of the liberation of south korea , because russia & china are on the security council . 
  europeans are not as aware of the un 's politics , and think it 's some liberal group of peace lovers . 
  a resolution was passed removing protection for gays a few years ago ( south africa has since had one past reinstating it ) . 
  a lot of countries jail and even execute gays , and the un does nothing at all to stop it . 
  the un has been particularly biased in the [ israeli-palestinian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israel,_palestine,_and_the_united_nations ) conflict due to there being 51 muslim states and only 1 jewish state :  on august 16 , 2013 , un secretary-general ban ki-moon admitted that the un was biased against israel , stating in a meeting with israeli students that there was a biased attitude towards the israeli people and israeli government at the un . 
  he described this as `` an unfortunate situation . 
  you can not say it is the will of the people when the rest of spanish did not get to vote . 
  you are saying that a minority has a right to split from the majority against their will . 
  by that logic , the minority in catalonia who did n't vote in favour of independence also have a right to remain part of spain on the property that they own since that is their will . 
  but they 're not even a minority since less than 50 % of people voted either way . 
  what about the rest of spain , do they not get to take part in democracy which decides the sovereignty of their territory ? 
   scotland gets shortchanged by the uk , they give more than they receive , and it 's the same in catalonia - catalans give more to spain than they get in return . 
  so what you 're saying is that catalan independence is a right wing movement about making the rich richer and not the leftist `` freedom '' movement it 's portrayed as ? 
   anyway , there is no international law which forbids seccession , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  because international law is about relationships between 2 or more nations , and secession is about relationships between the people in one nation . 
  [ here 's one example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_accords ) where countries agreed that a country 's territory shall not be stolen , which applies to annexation from a foreign power but also can reasonably be applied to a minority group within a country . 
  international law is ambiguous and contradictory though , so it 's more about whatever the un security council agrees to support . 
   or we just have sympathy for anyone who aspires freedom and independence what about jews living in the west bank ? 
  should they be allowed to take the land and make their own state there despite the last sovereignty claim being the british who agreed for the land to be given to the arabs ? 
  it 's not so simple just to say freedom , all the people of a nation own the land and they have a right to keep it democratically . 
   another point is that catalans ' opinion on independence is split almost 50-50 , which is not clearly enough . 
  effectively , half of the population would stand against . 
  what if 50 % really really do n't want to be independent , and would go to war over it , and the other 50 % are fine either way ( which is clearly the case given it 's the status quo ) but are slightly positive about independence ? 
  it 's not right just to ask a binary question . 
  people can speak more than one language , it 's not a big problem . 
  it 's not a good enough justification . 
  the only good justification would be if catalans are heavily oppressed compared with the rest of the spanish people . 
  like the irish or jews were oppressed and got self determination so they did n't have to live as second class citizens anymore . 
  anything other than that the motive is probably right wing nationalism which we should be discouraging . 
  catalonia and scotland both think they will be richer if independent , and that seems to be the main motivation . 
  northern ireland has a better case for independence than scotland does , but they would be much much poorer so independence is extremely unpopular . 
   so independence is okay for scotland because the uk government allows it but not for catalonia because spains wont ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  the people of the whole of the uk have a right to decide who remains sovereign over scotland . 
  that 's democracy . 
  they elected a party that agreed to give scotland a referendum .
