  it 's the greeks that exacerbated the migrant crisis to take revenge on germany . 
  an example of the j-curve effect is seen in economics when a country 's trade balance initially worsens following a devaluation or depreciation of its currency . 
  the higher exchange rate first corresponds to more costly imports and less valuable exports , leading to a bigger initial deficit or a smaller surplus . 
  due to the competitive , relatively low-priced exports , the affected country 's exports of the goods in question start to increase as outside demand for the lower-priced option increases . 
  local consumers also purchase less of the more expensive imports and focus on local goods as the exchange rate makes certain locally produced items more affordable than the imported counterpart . 
  the trade balance eventually improves to better levels compared to before devaluation . 
  press freedom index is subjectively judged and very biased . 
  notice that the uk is higher than the us , even though it 's well known that we have much stricter restrictions on the press and freedom of expression than the us has . 
  we have banned the westboro baptist church from entering our country just because they peacefully preach their religion , while in america the supreme court has defended their right to do it . 
   it spends less on its military , which is in large part highly outdated and depends almost solely on high manpower , than most major western nations . 
  no it does n't ?!, 
  [ it spends less than the usa , but more than every other western nation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) . 
   he failed to turn greece away from the west syriza are very pro-russia , and they greatly exacerbated the migrant crisis to damage the eu as revenge when they came to power . 
  their defense minister even said : `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too . '', 
  israel has arabic as 1 of 2 official languages , and recognises the legality of sharia courts . 
  it 's a good thing if there are muslims who reject terror and anti-semitism . 
  muslim countries now reject slavery , so it 's clear they are willing to reform some parts of their beliefs . 
  there is 1.6 b of them , they 're going to be the majority of the world 's population eventually , encouraging reform is the only option . 
  [ not an arab country but i remember reading this a couple of years ago ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/23/malaysia-highest-court-allah-bible-ban ) . 
  the uk should be renamed england . 
  other countries do n't change their names when they absorb new territories . 
  china absorbed tibet and did n't rename itself the people 's republic of china and tibet . 
  the other borders in europe are radically different than they were in 1700 when the uk was created . 
  germany did n't exist at all , but they decided to make it after the fall of the holy roman empire , and call it germany rather than `` the united kingdom of hanover , bavaria , prussia , saxony and w\u00fcrttemberg '' , because they all spoke german . 
  greece was n't called the united kingdom of crete , greece , thessaly , macedonia and thrace - they all spoke greek ( ellinika ) so it was called greece ( ellinika ) . 
  we speak english in the uk and it would make the most sense if we were just called england . 
  many foreign countries refer to the country as england in their own language anyway because it 's more convenient . 
  in german they mostly call us great britain rather than the uk , but that excludes northern ireland and british is n't a language . 
  it creates confusion having both the uk & ( great ) britain . 
  it 's a bit odd to be called a kingdom when we do n't currently have a king . 
  and do we really want to draw attention to the monarchy ? 
  we are a democracy , our monarchy is just for show and should n't be in our name . 
  it 's unfair that the english get hated by the rest ( and by ireland/europe ) just for being the largest . 
  the northern irish , scottish and welsh deserve to be hated just as much as people from the west midlands or yorkshire . 
  we all have equal vote , but they love to pretend they are some kind of oppressed minority . 
  having different countries within the uk just unnecessarily divides us . 
   there 's a reason why only the countries attacking muslim countries get targeted and not countries like iceland or brazil . 
  the coptic christians did n't invade any muslim country . 
   just treat other people how you want to be treated . 
  this is such terrible advice . 
  i would like other people to give me lots of money , therefore i should give all my money away . 
  i would like to have sex with chris evans , therefore i should rape chris evans . 
  i would like a doctor to treat my illness , therefore i should give out unqualified medical advice . 
  i would like to not be imprisoned , therefore i should free all prisoners no matter their crime . 
  there are only 100,000 jews in germany , and germany has by far the highest immigration overall in the eu . 
  in 2015 it had almost 3 times as many immigrants as any other eu country . 
  you have to account for those facts before you judge it . 
  ethnicity : `` a social group that has a common national or cultural tradition . '', 
  is he mistaking ethnicity for race ( biological ) ? 
   i mean the negative bias of muslims against jews is n't too different from what the far right says about muslims the difference is that jews are generally very liberal , and are only 1 % of the muslim population . 
  they have no potential to take over countries or dominate the world in future . 
  so hatred of jews is irrational . 
  the muslim population is growing rapidly almost everywhere and they generally hold very illiberal views . 
  jews are an ethnic group not just a religion . 
  it 's fine to hate ultra-orthodox jews or conservative muslims for their ideology , it 's not fine to hate ethnic jews or arabs because they are born that way . 
  [ this map seems to ignore climate change ] ( http://starphoenixbase.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/26971701.jpg ) . 
  you can post pornography on twitter but if you go display it on the street you 'll be arrested . 
  do you want to ban porn ? 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  soon saying `` oppose gay marriage '' is considered hate speech . 
  many european countries prosecute people for merely criticising religion , with no violent element at all . 
  bridget bardot has been convicted a half dozen times in france for opposing islam . 
  if `` hate speech '' is to be banned , then religious texts must be banned also , as they include incitement to violence . 
  [ there 's a case in canada where an imam was charged with hate speech for quoting islamic holy texts ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-40634993 ) . 
  when the bbc puts something in quotation marks , it 's because those were words used by somebody else and they are quoting it . 
  i counted once , and there were about 40 national flags that are red white and blue . 
  if anything the eu is much tougher on american companies . 
  google was recently fined and microsoft was fined hundreds of millions for having windows media player free with windows which was absurd . 
  meanwhile vw emissions scandal has received $ 0 fine from the eu or germany , but like $ 20b fine from the us . 
  2 christians were convicted in the uk for going to a mall and preaching , and telling muslims that they believe in the wrong god . 
  it was something like a `` religiously aggravated offense '' . 
  as an actually rational human being , i do n't get off on calling people babies like you do when you have no actual argument to make . 
  we were united in the united kingdom . 
  it 's a dumb explanation . 
  how do islands look better as a whole ? 
  why not have the iberian peninsula as a whole ? 
  or the scandinavian peninsula ? 
  they look way better as a whole , yet he divided them because he knew it would be offensive . 
  including northern ireland as part of ireland is as offensive as including northern cyprus as part of turkey . 
  but he did n't do that . 
  europeans are extremely insensitive to northern ireland 's position in the uk . 
  likewise it 's odd that people go to jail for murder for punching someone once and getting unlucky that the person happens to die from it , but if they do n't die then you get away with little to no punishment at all . 
   as polls taken between 2011 and 2015 showed , between a third and half of germans view israel as the moral equivalent of nazi germany . 
  the palestinians , by their telling , are the new jews . 
  likewise , a large majority of germans is sick of hearing about the holocaust . 
  and an even larger majority says that israel is behaving unjustly toward the palestinians . 
  breaking the silence 's work not only legitimizes these views , shielding them from condemnation as indications of the growing virulence of german jew-hatred . 
  it also , to a degree , justifies the holocaust . 
  after all , if the jews are as evil as the nazis , then they are illegitimate actors who deserve to be defeated . 
   this programme [ killing jews ] was begun informally by nazi armies in 1941 , and only took organised form after the wannsee conference in january 1942 . 
  thus was born one of the most satanic operations in world history , in which millions of jews were murdered . 
  to be sure , you can use the term holocaust to describe these events , but only as a metaphor . 
   however , to turn that metaphor into a political dogma , a denial of which can result in imprisonment , is to create a religio-penal code of which torquemada would have approved . 
   across europe , there are countless islamic madrasahs , in which imams regularly preach hatred for jews , and where the holocaust is routinely denied . 
  which member-state of the eu will pursue such conveyors of hate , or seek the extradition of an imam who says that the holocaust was a zionist hoax ? 
  none of them . 
  we know this . 
  for the eu has tolerated the creation of an informal historiographical apartheid . 
  so , on the one hand , a single , eccentric ( and possibly deranged ) christian bishop may be hounded for his demented historical beliefs : but on the other , there is a deafening silence over the widespread and virulent distortion of the ` holocaust ' by islamic preachers . 
   if bishop williamson has an agenda , it is so bonkers as to rank alongside that of the lunar cheese society .
