  terrorists are a huge threat to them , isis 's main goal is to take over their country . 
  the saudis support the western world and want stability . 
  iran wants to destroy the western world . 
  there 's no comparison here . 
  only the extremely ignorant think saudi arabia sponsors more anti-west terrorism than iran . 
  saudi arabia has been a strong ally in the war on terror , co-operating heavily with us on security and even covertly co-operates with israel . 
  you probably ignored the rest of my post where i addressed how iran sponsors anti-west terror , you can find no similar examples for saudi arabia . 
  the worst they do is fund conservative mosques , not terrorist attacks . 
  it is the largest state sponsor of terrorism against the west . 
  it is responsible for the killing of a thousand american troops in the war on terror by paying bounties for every american killed and providing weapons and [ ieds ] ( http://www.defenseone.com/news/2015/09/how-many-us-troops-were-killed-iranian-ieds-iraq/120524/ ) to terrorists . 
  in 2007 , american troops discovered over 100 austrian-made steyr hs50 .50 caliber sniper rifles in iraq . 
  these high-powered rifles , which fire iranian bullets , can pierce all in-service body armor from up to a mile and penetrate u.s. armored humvee troop carriers . 
  the rifles were part of a larger shipment legally purchased from the austrian manufacturer under the justification that they would be used by iranian police to combat drug smugglers . 
  iran paid taliban fighters $ 1,000 for each u.s. soldier they killed in afghanistan . 
  the sunday times reported that a taliban operative received $ 18,000 from an iranian firm in kabul as reward for an attack in 2010 that killed several afghan government troops and destroyed an american armored vehicle . 
  in 2006 , the british telegraph revealed that three iranian factories were `` mass producing '' the roadside efp bombs used to kill soldiers in iraq . 
  [ iran plotted a terrorist attack against the saudi ambassador on american soil in 2011 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_iran_assassination_plot ) most importantly iran does not share information on its citizens for them to be vetted . 
  there is a reason that pakistan & afghanistan were not on the list despite being 2 of the most common countries for terrorism - we have information on their citizens so we can vet them . 
  we ca n't vet people from iran . 
   as this ban is being implemented , the secretary of homeland security , along with the secretary of state and director of national intelligence , is instructed to evaluate which countries do and do n't provide enough information about visa applicants for the us to vet them for terrorism risk . 
  any countries that do n't provide enough information , according to the secretary of homeland security , will be given 60 days to start doing so . 
  after those 60 days , the secretary of homeland security will provide to the president a list of any countries still judged to not be providing enough information . 
  the president will then issue a proclamation prohibiting nationals of those countries from entering the united states . 
  this list will replace the one based on the 2015 law . 
  he might not be a russian agent , but he has a love for tyrants like putin . 
  he has praised gaddafi , saddam , duterte and others . 
  he praised china 's handling of tiananmen square . 
  his cabinet is mostly pro-russian people ( except mike pence and reince priebus ) and they will have a huge influence over him . 
  he has repeatedly lied about knowing putin . 
  his secretary of state had made hundreds of billions of dollar deals with russia . 
  there are a dozen more reasons to be suspicious . 
  you could do all those things and still support islamic terrorism so i think your steps fail . 
  the extremism of sharia law does n't mean they 're going to poison the vaccines or anything , so is there anything to worry about ? 
  the eu is failing to address climate change due to the even greater failure of the us/china . 
  we feel good we are doing a bit more than them , but we should be doing much much more . 
  there should be trillions in funding for environmentally friendly energy ( not necessarily renewable - biodiesel is renewable and nuclear is n't ) . 
  unfortunately politicians are elected for short term progress and addressing climate change requires much longer term solutions that will greatly harm us in the short term . 
  [ you should have a look at this ] ( http://shrinkthatfootprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/foodkcal1.gif ) . 
  cereals , bread & rice are the way to go for a low footprint . 
  sugars and oils are actually the best , but they 're unhealthy . 
  it 's a bit too generalised though . 
  some vegetables are terrible ( e.g. 
  lettuce ) and others are great so you ca n't just go by grouping . 
  ok some people have explained the defining differences between the law systems , but can anyone explain what the advantages and disadvantages are ? 
  civil law seems more modern , should all countries move to it or is there a reason common law is good too ? 
  they are not diverse when it comes to reporting on the us , uk or israel ; only negative . 
  qatar ( which controls al jazeera ) is a primary sponsor of hamas . 
  even the palestinian government complains about al jazeera 's bias :  officials of palestinian president mahmoud abbas ' fatah party also accuse al-jazeera of being biased in favour of hamas , with which it is at political loggerheads , and prominent fatah official and former gaza strongman mohammed dahlan has organized a lawsuit against the broadcaster . 
   most of them are nice people and pretty much like anyone else being friendly does n't make them good people . 
  iranians are possibly the friendliest people in the world , yet they still hate the west and hang gays on the street . 
  culture is too broad . 
  language and food are pretty much comparable with gender and race - it 's unfair to judge someone by them . 
  ideology and social behaviour on the other hand it is fair to judge people by , but all of these are part of a people 's culture . 
   it 's the government that is being inappropriate yeah the government should n't be allowed to support the leader of our biggest ally , totally inappropriate of them . 
  ok so he can ban jeremy corbyn from speaking due to his calling of hamas his friends ( much worse than anything trump has done ) , and that 'd be ok with you ? 
   every single person triggered by this is a leaver . 
  what a coinkidink . 
  i despise trump and think he 's a fascist . 
  i oppose bercow giving his opinion on trump because it is inappropriate for his position . 
  the pm , the government , or the majority of mps are who should have the power in our democracy . 
  the speaker , who runs unopposed , should not have such a disproportionate political power . 
  he is there just to make people keep to the rules , not to have political power . 
  yes he would . 
  the majority of mps and the majority of the current government supported remain . 
  it 's like people think that ukip are in charge since the referendum or something . 
   is n't allowed to exercise his democratic right to vote in a referendum ? 
  no one said he could n't vote , just not make his vote public . 
  it 's the same with the queen . 
  if she had come out for one side it would have been scandalous . 
  bercow is an unelected ( he runs unopposed ) figurehead , he should not be having political opinions . 
  in the english speaking world , almost anyone who uses that phrase is just referring to the fact they 're in poland , not at all implying that the polish people were directly responsible for them . 
  to have 3 years in jail for that is absurd and i ca n't believe anyone would support it . 
  maybe in polish the grammar means it implies responsibility , but not in english . 
  are there really people that think the polish are responsible for the holocaust and not the germans/nazis ? 
  i find it very hard to believe anyone would be that ignorant , but perhaps a fuss is necessary to stop the idea rising in future . 
  there 's no way german and english are 0.56 the same , how is that score calculated ? 
  if i look at a german sentence i 'm lucky to understand a single word . 
  here 's a random article , i 'll highlight the words i think are basically the same as english , excluding place names :  am wochenende konnte man donald trump ** golfen ** sehen . 
  where do you draw the line in these numbers between dialect and language , 0.8 ? 
  there are no-go zones in belfast , i find it hard to believe there are none in paris . 
  is there really no neighbourhood where it would be unsafe to wear an israeli flag t-shirt for example ? 
  that does n't mean guaranteed to be assaulted , only that the risk is much greater and it 's recommended to avoid this area . 
  wikipedia says : `` la courneuve and other districts in paris were described by police as no-go zones . '', 
  and yet , french people get found guilty of `` inciting racial hatred '' for [ criticising inhumane islamic slaughtering of animals ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-bardot-muslims-idusl1584799120080415 ) . 
  whatever they do they better not threaten him with solitary confinement to make him speak as that is considered torture . 
   so , every people around the world have right to self determination . 
  yes , but not the right to steal another country 's territory . 
  the russian estonians have a right to go self determine on some land that they own , not estonian land . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  i did n't deny that east jerusalem is disputed territory . 
  only pointing out that building homes for israeli arabs = fine , building homes for israeli jews = international outrage . 
  that 's inarguably anti-semitic . 
  it should n't matter what ethnicity the people are . 
  there were thousands of jews living in east jerusalem prior to 1948 , and they were ethnically cleansed by jordan . 
  why is the international community intent on keeping east jerusalem jew free just because it was for 19 years when jordan illegally occupied it ? 
   if some one maintains that two and two are five , or that iceland is on the equator , you feel pity rather than anger because those beliefs do n't matter at all . 
  nazi-like political beliefs do matter , and rightfully inspire anger . 
  russell is effectively saying if you get angry at nazis , it means you know subconsciously that the nazis are right . 
  this is not an objective measure of freedom .
