  so , far from seeing a settlement surge , there 's actually been a decline in construction . 
  i raise that because this is raised again and again and again . 
  the palestinians are protesting because of a surge in settlement activity . 
  sorry , not true . 
  and i put the facts forward before the world . 
  some surge . 
  *  israel destroying eu build homes in palestinian territory of course does n't exactly help our relations . 
  they were built illegally . 
  israel has a strong judiciary . 
  [ houses built illegally by jews are destroyed too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrbbz6-khd8 ) . 
  it 's strange that the eu protests jews illegally building homes for themselves but actually helps build them for arabs . 
  i hesitate to use the term , but that 's clearly anti-semitic . 
  it 's obviously not unconditional . 
  i do n't know why people are using that word here . 
  germany has criticised israel many times , and they constantly vote against israel at the un . 
  only really america , canada and a few other small countries always support israel at the un . 
  here 's one example of many , where germany votes to condemn the security fence israel has built : `` the right of the palestinian people to self-determination '' ( a/res/70 / 141 ) extract : `` recalling the conclusion of the court ... that the construction of the wall by israel , the occupying power , in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , along with measures previously taken , severely impedes the right of the palestinian people to self-determination . '' 177 yes ( france , germany , uk , rest of eu ) 7 no ( canada , israel , marshall islands , micronesia , nauru , palau , united states ) 4 abstain ( cameroon , honduras , tonga , south sudan ) [ this is really indicative of the toothlessness of the un ] ( http://www.unwatch.org/un-to-adopt-20-resolutions-against-israel-3-on-rest-of-the-world/ ) , they constantly condemn israel and ignore everything else in the world . 
  jobs were always going to move overseas , no one can stop that . 
  the crime bill was supported by the black community and sanders voted for it . 
  it 's only now becoming an issue people [ wrongly ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/crime/2016/02/michelle_alexander_blames_hillary_clinton_for_mass_incarceration_she_shouldn.html ) blame for mass incarceration because of the hatred of clinton . 
  they try to fling any shit that will stick , but none of it is legitimate . 
  she 's not a hawk . 
  she 's a liberal interventionist . 
  syria may have been in a better state if she got her way , we simply do not know . 
  it 's certainly not something to worry europeans that she might try and help out middle eastern countries and stop genocides . 
  how will it be worse with clinton ? 
  her congress voting record is to the left of obama and the 8 years under bill were very good . 
  i ca n't think of a single thing about her europeans would be worried about , reddit is just very biased against her . 
  blaming libya on her is even more laughable than blaming 9/11 on bush . 
  it 's sanders and trump that should worry europeans , given their opposition to nato and trade deals , and general foreign policy ignorance . 
  `` my father was almost entirely absent from my childhood , having been divorced from my mother when i was 2 years old ; in any event , although my father had been raised a muslim , by the time he met my mother he was a confirmed atheist , thinking religion to be so much superstition . '', 
  - obama, 
  no i am not . 
  if israel has accepted over a million arabs and treats them equally , why ca n't `` palestine '' accept 700,000 jews ? 
  both jews and arabs are indigenous peoples to palestine , and both lived throughout the land . 
  when jordan invaded in 1948 they kicked all of the jews out of the west bank . 
  israel only kicked out the majority of arabs from israel , they left a large minority which has grown ever since and is now 20 % of the population . 
  after jordan left in 67 , the jews started to move back to the west bank . 
  the partition plan was always that there would be 1 jewish state with an arab minority and 1 arab state with a jewish minority . 
  mahmoud abbas has the death penalty for selling land to a jew , meanwhile netanyahu welcomes arabs into his party and gives them preferential treatment by giving them extra funding for their schools that the jews do n't get , and infrastructure spending since they are less financially well off . 
  so tell me , how is it not anti-semitic to want to ethnically cleanse all of the jews from palestine ? 
  if israel wanted to ethnically cleanse their arab citizens they would get condemned for it . 
  there 's a clear double standard here . 
  but arab settlements are ok with you ? 
  there are no borders between israel and the west bank . 
  why is it that over a million arabs are free to live in israel with equal rights , but when some jews live in the west bank ( where many lived before jordan kicked them out in 1948 ) , which is not a country and thus does not have power to prevent immigration , it 's suddenly a problem ? 
  calling jews settlers but not arabs is anti-semitic . 
  netanyahu has expanded settlements slower than any of his predecessors except 1 . 
  there are 700,000 people living in settlements , their population is naturally going to grow and they need new homes . 
  there 's a lot of hatred for him , but not much actual substance to it . 
  when arab populations grow and expand within israel there is no international outrage . 
  the eu would not forbid israeli arabs from living in their illegaly constructed houses . 
  likewise , there are hundreds of thousands of jews who have been born in palestine and are just as much palestinian as anyone else . 
  the eu would discriminate against them living in these houses . 
  the policy is plainly anti-semitic , it 's not based on national origin but on ethnicity . 
  israel bulldozes arab settlements built illegally by the eu . 
  of course they know their viewership will decrease , but they 're making no money from people with ad block so it just saves them in hosting costs to block them all . 
  if even 1 % turn off ad block it 's extra money for them . 
  ads are a great way for poor people to get good quality content for free . 
  content creators deserve to be paid . 
   it 's colonial possessions you know squat about the falkland islands . 
  they are sovereign british territory and have been since 1833 . 
  argentina has no claim at all to them , except that they are the closest other country . 
  argentina never had sovereignty over the falklands . 
  the french had for a few years in the 1700s , and the british too . 
  and spain held them for a few years as well . 
  a precursor to argentina held them for a few years ( less time than spain or uk had ) but britain ultimately took sovereignty since 1833 . 
  argentina is also a colonial country , only 1 % of the population are natives . 
  the falkland islanders want to remain british and there is no justification whatsoever for the islands going to argentina . 
  supporting argentina here is no different than supporting iraq 's invasion of kuwait . 
  by your logic , the us must also give up its colony of texas . 
  the right to territorial integrity is supreme in international law . 
  argentina violated it , without any justification at all , and was lucky that the british did n't exact revenge for causing the needless loss of life and waste of billions of dollars . 
  as for reagan - he armed the uk during the war and was effectively on our side . 
  if argentina invaded tomorrow i have no doubt obama would not just side with the uk but actively join our coalition to defeat argentina . 
  so why does n't the us join the eu ? 
  or share sovereignty with canada and mexico ? 
  there 's a huge difference sharing sovereignty with different states of your own country and sharing it with foreign states . 
  and if we take your logic to it 's conclusion , you are asking for the eu to become a new country called the united states of europe , and then eventually the united states of earth will be the sole country . 
  most of what you said is wrong , and strangely you left out by far the worst thing - he sided with argentina over the falklands . 
  it 's understandable he did it because he wants to get along with every country , but britain is clearly the good guy in the conflict and that america is not willing to stand strong with us against evil sends a strong message . 
  he probably does n't look at the historical facts on the matter and thinks britain is being colonial by retaining our foreign territories , but i 'd expect america to sympathise with us not letting aggressive military dictatorships steal our territory . 
  what has israel got to do with it ? 
  trump is also pro-israel . 
  ksa does n't prefer western politicians to be pro-israel ... 
  i 'm not against eu immigrants in general . 
  the problem is the eu forcing us to open our borders to islamists . 
  i do n't want britain ending up like sweden , where now jews ca n't get jobs working with children because [ the children hate jews ] ( http://www.algemeiner.com/2016/04/05/swedish-jewish-activist-not-surprised-israeli-teacher-in-malmo-told-to-seek-employment-far-from-school-children-who-hate-jews/ ) . 
  it 's already happening in the uk , especially when the 2nd biggest party leader in the country is a supporter of hezbollah and hamas and there 's very little controversy about it . 
  leaving the eu is just one of many things we need to do , another is making sure labour never win another election and that the conservatives start to block the immigration of peoples that hate jews & gays , oppose women 's rights and think it 's heroic to murder cartoonists . 
  it 's not about the past , it 's about the future . 
  with the increasing conflicts in the middle east and north africa , and their exploding populations which will be extremely adversely affected by climate change , there will be a billion people wanting to come to europe soon . 
  the eu has decided we must let them all in . 
  british people do n't want to , hence we need to leave the eu . 
  it 's not that the other 87 % are decent liberals , most of them probably support the killing of jews . 
  the jordanian parliament is a good indicator - [ 110/120 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/island_of_peace_massacre#jordan.e2.80.99s_justice_minister.27s_call_for_daqamseh.27s_release ) members of parliament voted to release a soldier who opened fire on visiting jewish school girls . 
  he 's widely considered a hero . 
  there have been christian and atheists on both sides of the conflict . 
  there are n't many jews in libya or syria but they still have conflicts . 
  i doubt it would really end .
