  yet he , and other christian cranks like him , could even be imprisoned for their stated beliefs , as other ` men of god ' , working to an infinitely more sinister and far more politically inspired agenda , are simultaneously ignored . 
  this disparity is now effectively an eu policy . 
   you can reasonably call such double-standards many things , but the words ` rational ' , ` wise ' or ` consistent ' are not among them . 
  ` suicidal ' and ` insane ' , however , certainly are . 
  - irish journalist kevin myers . 
  there are far too many categories that ca n't be compared with each other . 
  if one country is better in political innovation and another country is better in science innovation , how do you quantify them ? 
  israel is # 3 in wikipedia edits . 
  i do n't think that should be considered innovative as they are mostly political and not scientific . 
  israel is near last for terrorism/violence , but israel has 1.36 murders per 100k , us has 4.88 , france has 1.58 . 
  even on terrorism , [ israel ranks close to the us and uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_terrorism_index ) , and lower than france . 
  yet this index places israel 67 places below france and 81 places below the us . 
  why ? 
  due to reputation ? 
  on education spending , a lot of extremely poor countries top the list because they spend a high percentage of their gdp per capita . 
  that 's not a good way to measure innovation and it 's inconsistent with other categories . 
  `` ecological sustainability '' has developing countries all at the bottom even though they pollute the least . 
  that said , it 's a fascinating index and ca n't be expected to be perfectly accurate . 
  maybe you 're not aware that the [ ecthr made us pay thousands to ira terrorists ' families that were killed in the middle of bombing a police station ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1329193/fury-as-european-court-awards-10000-to-ira-mens-families.html ) . 
  the judges were split 10-9 which is indicative that it was n't a legitimate decision . 
  i do n't see how it is n't comparable . 
  borders are arbitrary . 
  they do n't have to follow coast lines . 
  peninsulas and enclaves exist all over the place . 
  the people of northern ireland overwhelmingly want to remain in the uk , and the uk is sovereign over this part of the island . 
  thus no country can claim it 's `` their island '' . 
  just like no country can claim the whole of the iberian peninsula . 
  what tabloid has ever made the same argument i just did . 
  please find me a source . 
  i 've never seen anything like it in the media . 
   go back to reading the sun . 
  i do n't read the sun , and anytime i check the tabloids all they have is articles about celebrities , not politics . 
   you do know varadkar is gay himself ? 
  but he 's all for guys who support the death penalty for gay people ? 
  that 's what you 're saying ? 
  no that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  of course varadkar did n't support the death penalty for gays , but he 's a pro-islam bigot who is willing to overlook it in the name of diversity since muslims are considered superior to gays in the oppression heirarchy . 
  it does if they have eu citizenship , and we have no say in whether other eu countries give them citizenship . 
  sweden and germany decided to open their borders to the middle east , and this changed the spirit of freedom of movement that we had signed up for . 
   you voted dup to stop the shinners . 
  i did n't vote for them in the local elections . 
  i want a functioning government . 
  voting for a party that refuses to take their seats seems pointless . 
  sf currently are blocking the formation of government to try to push through an act that the people do n't want . 
  i do n't understand how that does n't lose them support . 
  if the dup were doing the same , they would lose tons of support and the media would be united in opposition to them . 
  i would even want their party to be banned from running , but of course sf are untouchable and can get away with anything . 
   they assumed a rate of greenhouse gas emissions that would lead to average global warming of 3c ( 5.4 f ) by the end of the century from levels in 1990 , a pessimistic forecast well above targets set by the paris agreement on tackling climate change . 
  i 've seen other articles saying 4 or 6 degrees by 2100 . 
  i think 3 is optimistic , assuming that they 're all using the `` since 1990 '' standard . 
   my point is that those 2 countries are n't the only ones that rewrite history so mention another current regime doing it instead of going to one from 2000 years ago . 
  kushner has been given an extremely powerful position in government . 
  hiring a family member as basically a secretary or assistant is fine . 
  members of parliament from a rich background will have an advantage now as their family members will work for them without pay , assisting their campaigns . 
  you ca n't ban family members from helping you . 
  macron 's own wife has helped him extensively and did n't need to be paid for it . 
  i think this policy rewards rich people who can afford to have their relatives work for them for free . 
  mps from poorer backgrounds need a little help , and often family members will be the most suitable person for the job . 
  they can be trusted and they may be willing to work harder than anyone else . 
  hiring a stranger comes with far more risk . 
  this reform sounds good on paper but in practise it could cause great damage to the government . 
  1 in 5 mps in the uk employs a family member and they are scrutinised heavily enough that there 's not much room to take advantage of it . 
  they are not usually paid excessively , sometimes even less than minimum wage . 
  i think it 's borderline a violation of human rights to discriminate against someone because of who they are related to . 
  can they just get around this like [ the labour party does in the uk ] ( https://order-order.com/2017/07/27/seb-corbyn-embarrassed-by-momentum-video-mocking-nepotism/ ) by hiring the children of their party friends instead of their own ? 
  still 17 % of irish people dont know they are a citizen of the eu ? 
  the question does n't make much sense . 
  i feel less of an eu citizen than a british citizen , but i ca n't quantify how much less , so how am i supposed to know how to answer this question ? 
  obviously i feel 100 % an eu citizen as that 's simply a fact . 
  but they want to know if i strongly identify with the eu as part of my identity , and i ca n't know at what level of strength i 'm supposed to give what answer . 
  people who want to stay in the eu , but answer no to this ( ~ 6 % of irish people ) , what is their reasoning ? 
  yes parliament could always go against eu law , but then we 'd have our voting rights in the eu removed . 
  we decided it was best just to leave the eu rather than stay in the eu and ignore eu law . 
  ok it was n't 6 % in 1 year , it was by 2020 . 
  they did predict recessions in both 2016 and 2017 though which did n't materialise . 
  almost all of the remain campaigns predictions turned out to be wrong . 
  and yet people still believe that only the leave campaign was dishonest . 
  losing economic growth wont be disastrous if our population lowers . 
  it will be great for the climate and great for our liberal values . 
  he wrote in support of a mosque that advocates the death penalty for gays , and shook the hand of the lead imam . 
  i assumed by `` their hardline stance '' you meant them refusing to form the assembly government with the dup unless they get to make irish an official language . 
  i do n't think that won or lost them many votes . 
  people just decided that they had to bunch their votes together into the 2 largest parties because 3rd parties were no longer viable , and it did n't really matter what sinn fein or the dup did . 
  i 'd have liked to vote for the uup but it was not worth risking letting sf in to power where they may have aided the terrorist supporting communist jeremy corbyn . 
   on the other hand , some people think there are simply too many foreigners walking around , which does n't really leave a lot of room for interpretation , does it now ? 
  so in your opinion , wanting 100,000 foreigners to come to the uk a year is xenophobia , but wanting 200,000 is not ? 
  they should n't be banned . 
  they are liberal free speech activists who fought against racism , and say they are no less sinners than any homosexual . 
  they simply have a harsh calvinist interpretation of christianity , but it 's their right to believe in that way . 
  they even say they do n't mind if their children have gay teachers and that a gay person attending their church would be treated with kindness . 
  they 're more liberal than even catholics , and yet canada and the uk have banned them from entering , because they are n't hypocrites who ignore the bad parts of the bible for their convenience like other christians . 
  look at the leader of ireland . 
  writes letter in support of a mosque in dublin that advocates death penalty for gays ( even though he is gay ) . 
  extensively criticises moderate christians who oppose gay marriage . 
  if a bishop had advocated the death penalty for gays , do you think the leader of ireland would write in support of them ? 
  tim farron was forced out as leader of the lib dems for calling gays sinners , even though he supported gay marriage . 
  but the leader of the labour party openly supported hamas ( who have the death penalty for gays and support a genocide of jews ) and it was n't a problem for him to stay on as leader . 
  in the usa , [ bernie sanders says that christians should not be allowed to hold public office if they believe muslims do n't go to heaven ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/06/bernie-sanders-chris-van-hollen-russell-vought/529614/ ) . 
  obviously he 'd never hold muslims seeking public office to that standard . 
  after a nominee wrote that muslims wont get to heaven because they reject christianity , sanders said to him at his confirmation hearing : `` in my view , the statement made by mr. vought is indefensible , it is hateful , it is islamophobic , and it is an insult to over a billion muslims throughout the world . '' sanders ( who is clearly guilty of anti-christian bigotry ) refused to admit to being an atheist when asked by jake tapper , instead calling socialism his religion .
