   all reputable places gave remain a comfortable lead . 
  17 polls in june favoured leave , 15 favoured remain . 
  why do n't you actually go check the polls instead of just believing what everyone says ? 
  none gave either side a comfortable lead . 
   when ? 
  why do n't you just google `` bernie sanders alternative medicine '' or `` bernie sanders gmos '' ? 
   where did he say that ? 
  `` vermont senator and democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders once said that he was `` physically nauseated '' by a speech made by president john f. kennedy when sanders was a young man , because kennedy 's `` hatred for the cuban revolution [ ... ] was so strong . '' '' - buzzfeed there is no earlier source online for this but i doubt they made it up . 
   what 's wrong with this ? 
  isis killed exponentially fewer people than assad , the media just focused only on them . 
  [ have a look at assad 's own wife saying how horrible it is to be killing civilians ] ( https://youtu.be/sv9dusb2xii?t=77 ) . 
  her husband killed more than 100 times more though !, 
   hezbollah and hamas are actually moderate groups in comparison to what the us is currently propping up on syrians no they are not . 
  the us is not supporting any terrorists in syria right now so i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  there is no way hamas can be considered moderates , they support isis . 
  they would be conquering areas if they could too , they 're just heavily blockaded by israel and ca n't do anything . 
  they do know . 
  the dnc hack was a russian job . 
  trump knows that because of security briefings , and yet he still denies it . 
  snowden and assange have been well known as being putin puppets for years now . 
  she was loved as secretary of state though . 
  the nasty primary campaign really hurt her with sanders constantly accusing her of being bribed because of speeches , even though they are standard fees for very important people . 
  bush also gets huge speaking fees , despite having little political influence left , which proves there is no bribery involved . 
  and trump got paid $ 2.5 m to give a speech 10 years ago . 
  sanders shared a lot in common with trump - anti-establishment , anti-trade , anti-nato , anti-science . 
  cannibalising her support with his regressive ideas and constant populist attacks on her character certainly cost hillary a few points . 
  i do n't know anything about those parties except that they are far right . 
  but recently in europe far right has gone away from being anti-semitic and become anti-islam instead . 
  so i wonder how they feel about putin 's cosy relationship with iran , giving nuclear material to them and his support of the palestinians at the un ? 
   we live in totally different reality - one where the end of the world is coming trump denies climate change , so you seem to have that in common with him . 
  the dup got 1 seat for every 23,000 votes . 
  the snp got 1 per 26,000 . 
  tories 1 per 34,000 . 
  it 's not really fair to extrapolate though . 
  if we had proportional representation people would vote differently . 
  more would vote for the 2 largest parties in regions where they did n't win , and less would vote for them in regions they did win . 
  a coalition between dup/ukip/conservatives got over 50 % of the vote , and would get well more than 50 % with proportional representation . 
  that would be a significant downgrade in the stability and quality of our government . 
  last election the lib dem coalition was pretty good . 
  i think the system has been working well . 
  it keeps out the crazies quite well . 
  countries with proportional representation like israel and greece have had to accept extremists in their coalition . 
  an ultra-orthodox party controls the israeli ministry of health ( despite  70 % voting for secular parties ) , and a far right party in greece whose leader said he wanted to pave a path for isis to berlin controls the ministry of defense . 
  they are not . 
  lots of political opinions are banned in germany . 
  freedom of expression is severely curtailed much more than in the usa . 
  no gay marriage either , unlike the usa . 
  and how many votes exactly did merkel get to be the leader of her party ? 
  i ca n't find any info about her being elected . 
  trump at least got over 10m votes . 
  the pirate party support open borders , problem solved !, 
  trump has praised saddam , gaddafi & putin . 
  he brought hamas supporting malik obama to the debate . 
  even israelis overwhelmingly prefer clinton , despite usually preferring republicans . 
  trump is the noam chomsky of the right and his foreign policy would greatly damage america 's place in the world . 
  sanders was terrible , people just never had a chance to find out about it . 
  he voted against almost every science funding bill . 
  he 's a crackpot in favour of alternative medicine and against gmos . 
  does n't have a clue about foreign policy and admitted he is n't interested in it , yet wants to have complete control over the us 's foreign policy . 
  never voted for anyone in politics before 40 years of age , where he voted for himself . 
  boasted that he felt physically sick that jfk and nixon did n't love cuba . 
  said just a few years ago that venezuela was a model for the usa to follow . 
  endorsed hezbollah/hamas/assad supporting jeremy corbyn to be leader of the uk . 
  he only got 1 endorsement from his colleagues in the senate because he 's a fool that no one likes working with . 
  he 'd have lost in a landslide . 
  their influence has been growing steadily in the republic and they 're now the 3rd largest party . 
  the election before this year 's they were the 4th largest , the election before that the 5th largest , and the election before that the 6th largest . 
  before that they had n't won a seat since 1957 . 
  they are the 2nd largest in the north . 
  `` on 9 june 2015 , mps voted by 544 to 53 in favour of the principle of holding a referendum with only the scottish national party opposing the bill . '', 
  you really think that the majority of refugees do n't want the death penalty for cartoonists to use one example ? 
  `` i so understand why moderate muslims are fleeing their homelands but the answer ca n't really be that we empty out the middle east of all the moderates , and leave it to the isis and the extremists . 
  if they just come to moderate and tolerant europe , to some day make it less moderate and tolerant , that is n't the answer , right ? '', 
  - bill maher, 
  so you do n't consider hezbollah or hamas to be terrorist organisations ? 
  [ polls of neighbouring countries can be used as a rough estimate for how syrians would poll , since there have been no polls of syrians ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-z06c0zjpuqw/uyg5sc3hd_i/aaaaaaaaxxo/z8bnhotnhs0/s1600/fanatic3.png ) . 
  there is a bias in the question , most who said it was not justified to kill civilians will say that all israelis are combatants and its justified to kill them . 
  if you ask about a specific terrorist that killed jews , palestinians overwhelmingly consider them a hero , like marwan barghouti . 
  isis are obviously not the only terrorist group . 
  the vast majority do support hezbollah , hamas or the muslim brotherhood . 
  just look at jordan - almost all of their parliament consider [ the soldier who opened fire on a bus full of israeli school girls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/island_of_peace_massacre ) a hero . 
  it 's insane to deny that support for terrorism is nowhere near as high in syria as it is in jordan . 
  it 's most likely lower in jordan . 
  there are many polls available of palestinian public opinion unlike syria , so we can use them as a stand in . 
  in palestine 70 % supported the stabbing attacks against jews a year ago . 
  and many of the 30 % probably opposed due to them being counter-productive not because they oppose all terrorism . 
  it 's so sad to see europeans being so ignorant about this . 
  you can not say that opposing isis means they are compatible with western civilization . 
  syrian school textbooks teach holocaust denial and anti-semitism . 
  these are people that riot and murder over a cartoon . 
  their presence will obviously make germany a much less liberal country . 
   i \u00b4 m not saying there are no terrorists in germany , the recent arrests have shown otherwise , but your numbers are way off to what we can reasonably assume . 
  there is a huge difference between being a terrorist and supporting other terrorist groups . 
  of course few of the refugees in germany have any intention to commit acts of terrorism themselves . 
  but to deny that the vast majority want terrorist attacks performed against israel is incredibly naive . 
  they will do great damage to germany not via terrorist attacks , but by corrupting germany 's liberal democracy and favouring islamist candidates . 
  we have already seen a number of islamists standing for election in the uk , and even receiving endorsements from major parties . 
  we have hamas/hezbollah supporting jeremy corbyn as leader of the opposition . 
  this will soon happen to germany . 
  so if you hear someone from thessaloniki speaking , you wont know that they 're not from athens ?
