  the author of this article wants this very thing . 
  if only we would let another holocaust happen then the terrorists would stop hating us !, 
  how can you not feel ashamed to post this kind of thing here ? 
  osama went on and on about hating the usa for their lack of islamic moral values :  what are we calling you to , and what do we want from you ? 
   ( 1 ) the first thing that we are calling you to is islam . 
   ( a ) the religion of the unification of god ; of freedom from associating partners with him , and rejection of this ; of complete love of him , the exalted ; of complete submission to his laws ; and of the discarding of all the opinions , orders , theories and religions which contradict with the religion he sent down to his prophet muhammad ( peace be upon him ) . 
  islam is the religion of all the prophets , and makes no distinction between them - peace be upon them all . 
   it is to this religion that we call you ; the seal of all the previous religions . 
  it is the religion of unification of god , sincerity , the best of manners , righteousness , mercy , honour , purity , and piety . 
  it is the religion of showing kindness to others , establishing justice between them , granting them their rights , and defending the oppressed and the persecuted . 
  it is the religion of enjoining the good and forbidding the evil with the hand , tongue and heart . 
  it is the religion of jihad in the way of allah so that allah 's word and religion reign supreme . 
  and it is the religion of unity and agreement on the obedience to allah , and total equality between all people , without regarding their colour , sex , or language . 
   ( b ) it is the religion whose book - the quran - will remained preserved and unchanged , after the other divine books and messages have been changed . 
  the quran is the miracle until the day of judgment . 
  allah has challenged anyone to bring a book like the quran or even ten verses like it . 
   ( 2 ) the second thing we call you to , is to stop your oppression , lies , immorality and debauchery that has spread among you . 
   ( a ) we call you to be a people of manners , principles , honour , and purity ; to reject the immoral acts of fornication , homosexuality , intoxicants , gambling 's , and trading with interest . 
   we call you to all of this that you may be freed from that which you have become caught up in ; that you may be freed from the deceptive lies that you are a great nation , that your leaders spread amongst you to conceal from you the despicable state to which you have reached . 
   ( b ) it is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization witnessed by the history of mankind :  ( i ) you are the nation who , rather than ruling by the shariah of allah in its constitution and laws , choose to invent your own laws as you will and desire . 
  you separate religion from your policies , contradicting the pure nature which affirms absolute authority to the lord and your creator . 
  you flee from the embarrassing question posed to you : how is it possible for allah the almighty to create his creation , grant them power over all the creatures and land , grant them all the amenities of life , and then deny them that which they are most in need of : knowledge of the laws which govern their lives ? 
   ( ii ) you are the nation that permits usury , which has been forbidden by all the religions . 
  yet you build your economy and investments on usury . 
  as a result of this , in all its different forms and guises , the jews have taken control of your economy , through which they have then taken control of your media , and now control all aspects of your life making you their servants and achieving their aims at your expense ; precisely what benjamin franklin warned you against . 
   ( iii ) you are a nation that permits the production , trading and usage of intoxicants . 
  you also permit drugs , and only forbid the trade of them , even though your nation is the largest consumer of them . 
   ( iv ) you are a nation that permits acts of immorality , and you consider them to be pillars of personal freedom . 
  you have continued to sink down this abyss from level to level until incest has spread amongst you , in the face of which neither your sense of honour nor your laws object . 
   who can forget your president clinton 's immoral acts committed in the official oval office ? 
  after that you did not even bring him to account , other than that he ` made a mistake ' , after which everything passed with no punishment . 
  is there a worse kind of event for which your name will go down in history and remembered by nations ? 
   ( v ) you are a nation that permits gambling in its all forms . 
  the companies practice this as well , resulting in the investments becoming active and the criminals becoming rich . 
   ( vi ) you are a nation that exploits women like consumer products or advertising tools calling upon customers to purchase them . 
  you use women to serve passengers , visitors , and strangers to increase your profit margins . 
  you then rant that you support the liberation of women . 
   ( vii ) you are a nation that practices the trade of sex in all its forms , directly and indirectly . 
  giant corporations and establishments are established on this , under the name of art , entertainment , tourism and freedom , and other deceptive names you attribute to it . 
   ( viii ) and because of all this , you have been described in history as a nation that spreads diseases that were unknown to man in the past . 
  go ahead and boast to the nations of man , that you brought them aids as a satanic american invention . 
  do you really believe that the terrorists do n't hate our way of life ? 
  our way of life is not about having iphones like your article implies ( cos those muslims who support bin laden enjoy western technology ) . 
  it is about support for women 's rights , the rights of gays and jews , freedom of religion and freedom of speech . 
  things that all islamic terrorists reject . 
  is there something specifically racist in the lyrics ? 
  arab countries are racially diverse , it 's not racist to criticise their politics and culture . 
  it seems a fair point that french/western european culture is superior and that countries like saudi arabia have nothing to offer culturally to the rest of the world except oil . 
  but what if the other nation does n't want them either , whoever strips them of citizenship first gets to get rid of them and the last has to keep them ? 
  english is certainly not the only language where spelling does n't correspond exactly to sounds . 
  french is full of silent letters and the same sounds have multiple spellings depending on the word . 
  [ related wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phonemic_orthography ), 
   when greece is in trouble it could choke on it 's own misery according to many germans . 
  germany has done a lot to help greece . 
  they 've lost billions doing so . 
  they just do n't see a point in continuing to `` help '' greece get away with reckless spending with no chance of turning the situation around . 
  greece did more to open the floodgates than germany did . 
  tsipras closed migrant detention centers and prevented the police , coast guard or military from taking any action against invasion . 
  in fact , the defense minister of greece specifically said : `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too . '', 
   while liberals should be the ones pointing the way beyond this iron age madness , they are rendering themselves increasingly irrelevant . 
  being generally reasonable and tolerant of diversity , liberals should be especially sensitive to the dangers of religious literalism . 
  but they are n't . 
   the same failure of liberalism is evident in western europe , where the dogma of multiculturalism has left a secular europe very slow to address the looming problem of religious extremism among its immigrants . 
  the people who speak most sensibly about the threat that islam poses to europe are actually fascists . 
  to say that this does not bode well for liberalism is an understatement : it does not bode well for the future of civilization . 
  - sam harris, 
  why trump ? 
  sanders endorsed corbyn and has similar views minus the anti-semitism . 
  they are the reason for the migrant crisis . 
  [ they stopped policing their borders , they closed detainment camps and prevented police from doing anything to stop illegal immigration ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/166923/article/ekathimerini/news/greece-to-ditch-xenios-zeus-operations-governments-immigration-chief-says ) . 
  the defense minister under syriza said [ if germany did n't renegotiate the debt he 'd pave a path for isis to berlin ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/greece-threatens-to-unleash-wave-of-migrants-on-the-rest-of-europe-including-isis-jihadists-10097432.html ) . 
  that is causing the destruction of europe as a liberal paradise . 
  we will now get far right parties being elected , and while their opposition to islamist immigrants is good they also come with hugely problematic policies like climate change denial . 
  this is what syriza has done to europe . 
  with new democracy the invasion of europe by islamists would not have happened , we would have continued to get left wing governments that want to fight against climate change . 
  the economic matters are really insignificant in the long term compared with climate change and immigration , but they would have also continued the growth that was beginning while syriza prefer the economy to collapse . 
  syriza will be remembered as the party that destroyed greece and europe . 
   who happen to work in the west bank settlements . 
  and how are `` settlements '' defined ? 
  there are no national borders in palestine . 
  tel aviv is as much a `` settlement '' as any other place in palestine . 
  settlements are clearly being defined as the places that the jews live past the ceasefire line of a war with jordan , agreed to on the condition that it would not be considered a national border . 
  so yes , it is about affecting products made by jews . 
  it 's holding israel to a standard other countries are n't put under , just because it is the jewish state . 
  until the arabs make a peace agreement , there is no such thing as a settlement . 
  jews are allowed to of their own free will choose to live in the west bank since it is a territory not currently under a sovereign power that can prevent them doing so . 
  this decision greatly harms the peace process by emboldening the arabs and entrenching them in a position ( that all of the west bank and east jerusalem is theirs ) that will not result in peace . 
  it 's long been the position of the international community and particularly the usa , that israel is expected to keep the majority of settlements ( ~ 1.7 % of the land in the west bank ) in return for mutually agreed land of israel going to the palestinian side . 
  another reason for the uk to leave the eu if it 's being forced to be a party to blatant anti-semitism like this . 
  the only way you can define `` settlements '' is by the fact that they are jewish . 
  arabs are allowed to live anywhere . 
   constantine sued greece at the european court of human rights for $ 500 million in compensation for the seized property . 
  he won a much smaller amount , receiving a monetary compensation of $ 12 million for the lost property , with a far smaller sum awarded to his unmarried younger sister , princess irene of greece and denmark , and his aunt princess ekaterini of greece and denmark . 
  the greek government chose to pay out of the `` extraordinary natural disasters '' fund , but was not obliged by the court 's decision to return any lands ( the court of human rights only awards monetary compensation ) . 
   constantine , in turn , announced the creation of the anna maria foundation , to allocate the funds in question back to the greek people for use in `` extraordinary natural disasters '' and charitable causes . 
  the court decision also ruled that constantine 's human rights were not violated by the greek state 's decision not to grant him greek citizenship and passport until he acquires a surname , which constantine does not possess . 
  additionally , he uses his royal title , citing international protocol . 
  you do n't think that is a shameful part of greece 's history ? 
  constantine supported the referendum where the greek people decided to become a republic , there was no justification for stealing his personal property and revoking his citizenship . 
  it is at least as bad as the removal of the marbles , so are greeks scraping the bottom of the barrel when they complain about that ?
