  he 's a swindler who got rich because of being the lucky sperm and cronyism . 
  pacifism is dumb , japan should be able to defend itself from the increasing threat of china . 
  the us is n't going to be there forever . 
  japan contributed a lot to the funding of the gulf war , you ca n't really claim to be pacifist if you are funding a war . 
  [ one example ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/as-i-see-it-the-eus-illegal-settlements-448359 ) - the eu deliberately funds illegal settlements in the west bank . 
  another example - article 14 of the eu convention on human rights bans discrimination based on `` sex , race , colour , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , association with a national minority , property , birth or other status '' . 
  it 's not hard to think of examples were discriminations based on these things are perfectly accepted in every eu country . 
  human rights laws in general are so broadly written and nonsensical that they end up getting applied on a completely subjective basis . 
  exceptions are granted for some things and not others based on opinions and not the actual laws . 
  that 's fine for a country to decide for itself democratically , but it 's not fine for human rights where every country has to abide by them . 
  international law pretty much says every country has to have open borders . 
  international law is ignored constantly by every eu country . 
  there are no punishments in place for breaking international law , only ones that other countries choose to enact when it 's convenient for them . 
  no country is going to punish greece for sending back turkish soldiers . 
  turkey is n't going to say `` send us back the soldiers so we can execute them '' . 
  greece will have plausible deniability . 
  we all know greece is going to send them back no matter what . 
  it 's stupid to deny it . 
  turkey is a much more powerful country with a crazy terrorist leader , greece is n't going to do anything to poke the madman . 
  tsipras is a chicken shit who wants to gut his own military . 
  obama did n't choose his own name . 
  tsipras did choose his son 's name . 
  obama 's father did n't name him after a terrorist , he picked a common name . 
  tsipras specifically chose to name his son after ch\u00e9 guevara , because he idolises him . 
  so it 's a false comparison . 
  you ca n't test children of immigrants . 
  the right to be a citizen of a country is a core human right . 
  once a person has citizenship you pretty much ca n't take it away unless they gain citizenship of a foreign country or join a foreign army . 
  but foreigners do not have the right to citizenship , we can slow the flow of immigration from incompatible countries . 
  the politics of open arms always wants good but creates evil . 
  merkel has said : `` we can try to reason again and again but it should also be clear : ( anti-semitism ) has no place in our society ... we must simply put clear limits . '' there is nothing that can be done to dampen the anti-semitism of islamic immigrants , once you accept them in then you are accepting their values . 
  believing you can change them by being kind and tolerant is delusional . 
   as someone long-term resident in germany and in berlin all everyone else wants is people to not be pricks . 
  what people want is immigrants that have roughly the same values as themselves . 
  [ people who see hitler as a hero ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_turkey#the_mood_in_turkish_society ) ( common view in turkey ) may not be `` pricks '' , and can be perfectly friendly and hard working , but giving them the right to vote is extremely dangerous . 
  economic benefits are totally irrelevant to immigration from islamist countries . 
  tsipras named his son after [ a guy known for enjoying executing people without trial ] ( http://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/che-guevara-cia-cuba-killing/2013/10/08/id/529906/ ) , and is estimated to have done so about 200 times . 
  i do n't think tsipras will have a problem sending them back to be executed . 
  he 's not mixing anything up . 
  there has to be some punishment to serve as a deterrent . 
  people still go to jail even when there is 0 % chance of them re-offending and no need for rehabilitation . 
  suppose a guy rapes a child then cuts his dick and hands off , do we give him no jail time since he is no longer capable of rape or molestation ? 
  a very small percentage of us prisoners are in private prisons . 
  and you are basically being racist , attacking him just because of his flag when he may disagree with his own country 's judicial system . 
  it 's strange considering when i was in dublin there are posters up everywhere asking for all convicted terrorists who murdered jews to be released from israeli jails . 
  surely anyone who supports such a poster is a jihadist . 
   ome coach crying about a tshirt has nothing to do with our conversation it does because there is a consensus of irish people that it is wrong to take northern ireland out of a map if it 's called ireland . 
  but that ca n't be the case if you are claiming your country is called ireland . 
  countries have borders , and northern ireland is n't part of yours . 
   an area of `` southern ireland '' more northern than northern ireland . 
  it 's not an official name , it 's simply a necessity to refer to it as something else than ireland , to differentiate from the north . 
  technically not the whole territory is southern but so what ? 
  technically alaska is further up than vancouver , but people in vancouver would refer to the usa as their southern neighbour . 
  when talking about cyprus , people will refer to southern cyprus to differentiate it from northern cyprus , even though there 's no such thing as southern cyprus . 
  we have to have words we can use to differentiate . 
  up here everyone refers to irish citizens as southerners . 
  we ca n't call them irish , since we are also irish and it would be confusing . 
  if they are southerners , and `` down south '' refers to the country of ireland , then it is colloquially acceptable to refer to it as southern ireland . 
  likewise , they call us northerners , which does n't make sense to you since donegal is further north !, 
  and do n't you have a problem with the name northern ireland too ? 
  but no one would complain about that since that 's the normal name . 
  saying southern ireland creates a uniformity with northern and southern irelands and it is perfectly understood by everyone unlike just referring to the south as ireland . 
  [ even irish newspapers commonly refer to ireland as `` southern '' , in a context that requires differentiation from northern ireland . 
  ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/viewpoints/yourview/southern-media-arent-giving-northern-politics-fair-coverage-362103.html ) it really is a case of people getting offended over nothing . 
  you ca n't just take the name for yourself when you 're not the whole region , it 's confusing . 
  there 's a reason fyrom is not allowed the name macedonia , because macedonia is a region across multiple other countries . 
  roi is used to avoid this confusion and it 's perfectly acceptable to do so . 
  southern ireland is also acceptable . 
  [ it makes no sense to think you are the whole of ireland , and then complain when your nation 's borders are shown accurately on a map labeled ireland ] ( http://www.mmamania.com/2015/10/21/9582972/conor-mcgregor-coach-threatens-to-terminate-reebok-deal-over-stupid-ireland-t-shirt-ufc ) . 
  there are already huge limits on freedom in europe . 
  pacifist christian preachers like the westboro baptist church are banned from entering because europeans do n't like hearing the truth of the bible . 
  freedom has to be restricted . 
  europe should not be giving freedom to islamists , we will lose our important freedoms in the end because we decided to be too tolerant . 
  the very foundation of society is limiting freedom to improve group security . 
  almost every law is designed to limit freedom and increase security . 
  it 's a different situation entirely . 
  unless spain votes to leave the eu and the catalans voted to remain , they ca n't push for independence due to scotland . 
  spain opposed negotiations with scotland only because they are not yet independent so they do n't have the authority . 
  you will in a few years when we 're being forced to accept millions of islamists because european bleeding hearts could n't bear to turn them away . 
  if you had a referendum on `` stay in the eu or norway solution '' , staying in the eu would win in a landslide , so how can we go for the norway solution ? 
  it pleases neither side . 
  if we had proportional representation , the voting would be very different . 
  there would be no more tactical voting . 
  the tories would undoubtedly get way more votes because people would feel they have to pick between one of the top 2 . 
  we 'd likely end up with a 2 party system after some years . 
  the way it is now encourages smaller parties , because they can campaign in some small areas to get seats rather than having to win a lot nationwide . 
  with proportional representation the snp and northern irish parties would die out . 
  the tories would still end up with a majority of seats because they 'd suck up all of the ukip and dup votes . 
  if not , we 'd have them in a coalition with the tories which is waaaaay worse than just having the tories on their own . 
  coalitions can be very bad . 
  look at israel - 70 % of people vote for the 2 big secular parties , and yet they have to bring in small extremist parties to form a government . 
  very important ministries ( like [ health ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yaakov_litzman ) or education ) go to these theocratic parties that got less than 5 % of the vote . 
  it 's horribly undemocratic . 
  it would make way more sense ideologically for the 2 largest parties to be in coalition together but the way politics is all about winning elections , you do n't go and unite with your main rival . 
  the voters would feel betrayed and vote for someone else next election ( like happened to the lib dems ) . 
  why the hell would he need a personal barber ? 
  his hairstyle is simple and does n't need constant attention . 
  $ 100 a month would be plenty . 
  $ 10k a month is outrageous . 
  hillary was criticised for spending $ 600 on a haircut which itself was outrageous , but at least she has a complex hairstyle that warrants that level of spending , and it was her own money .
