  the current syrian civil war is just a small fraction of what is to come . 
  african/middle eastern/asian countries have exploding populations and they can not sustain them . 
  they will be hit hard by global warming and hundreds of millions of people will be trying to come to europe . 
  we should not be expected to take them when it is their own fault they have overpopulated their land and the majority of them do not fit into our way of life . 
   these are ordinary people like you and me , who lost their house in war , or whose country is so disfunctional that they can not find a job to live to feed themselves or their families . 
  they are not like me . 
  i do not hate the western world . 
  i am not genocidally anti-semitic . 
  europe is only a great place to be because europeans have liberal values . 
  opening borders to all the people from the least liberal countries changes that . 
  it 's a fact that most syrians admire hitler . 
  you say these people are just like you ? 
  what a surprisingly intelligent argument from xnicolex as usual . 
  she officially opposes it now and has for quite some time . 
  keep up . 
  this is a good time to hold it . 
  the polls show brexit is very unlikely . 
  europe is only going to get worse from here and more and more people will want to leave from across the political spectrum . 
  europe wants to import millions of people who have been raised from the crib to hate the western world . 
  there is no benefit for europeans and it destroys our liberal values in the long run . 
  europe wants to censor anyone who opposes them . 
  europe wants to have islamic preaching and education funded by the taxpayers . 
  his opinion on it is irrelevant , he will never be pm and all 3 us presidential candidates oppose it . 
  the uk is one of the richest countries in the world . 
  it 's absolutely fair they should pay more so that the poorer eu countries can be better off . 
  just like how rich areas of england pay more in taxes so poor areas of england can afford basic services . 
  there are many great reasons to leave eu , economics is not one of them . 
   germany managed to integrate 15m new citizens from the east after unification , where the economy had been completely run to the ground . 
  they 'll manage to give shelter to 1m refugees from syria they were almost all atheists who did n't idolise hitler , unlike the syrians . 
  stop comparing the two . 
  if it were refugees from any western country there would be no fuss about it . 
  the fuss is because they are from a backwards hellhole and are bringing their genocidal ideology with them . 
  and do n't pretend it will only be 1m . 
  it will increase every year with climate change and the fact that the least civilized countries have extreme unsustainable population growth . 
  reddit already has banned many subreddits they do n't like and there have been alternatives springing up . 
  a lot of the refugees favourite books are mein kampf and the protocols of the elders of zion . 
  jews are fleeing europe due to the mass immigration of islamists . 
  jew hatred was n't wrong because hating a group is inherently wrong , but because jews did not deserve hatred . 
  they were liberals and intellectuals . 
  other groups do deserve hatred . 
  syrians make golden dawn look moderate . 
  the direction it is headed the majority will want to leave in a couple of years , but we wont get another referendum . 
   `` all conduct publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race , colour , religion , descent or national or ethnic origin '' . 
  this is self-contradictory . 
  the qu ` ran preaches hatred and violence against non-believers in hundreds of different verses , so is it banned or not ? 
  hatred is * not * wrong . 
  it is just as justified as love . 
  hating evil people and groups is the greatest good you can do for your fellow man . 
  white pacifist christian preachers who believe in the bible - banned because they 're spreading hate speech . 
  people who support hitler and want to finish the job he started but are a racial minority - welcome to europe !, 
  there are a lot of highly literate people from syria whose favourite books are [ mein kampf and the protocols of the elders of zion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mein_kampf_in_arabic#role_in_nazi_propaganda ) . 
  the illiterate people are probably easier to assimilate . 
  it 's time we stopped calling illiberal left wing parties left wing . 
  they have become the far right . 
  greece passed a bill allowing atheists rights in february of this year , i did n't know about that so my mistake , good job tsipras . 
   no , actually this is the number 1 reason why many greeks , including myself , express negative views of the usa . 
  you did n't address the actual argument i made . 
  i said `` it ca n't be that , because '' . 
  it does n't matter if the us did something evil decades ago , the current government and people of the usa are not responsible for that . 
  the vietnamese understand this and that 's why they have one of the highest supports for the us of any country . 
  the us did a lot worse to vietnam than they 've ever done to any other country , and the vietnamese got over it and their economy is growing rapidly . 
  the us co-operated with the junta because of nato and to keep the ussr out . 
  greece benefited from that in the long run , we have seen how evil the ussr was and former ussr countries are shitholes . 
  if only the military had launched a coup against tsipras too the economy might not be so fucked up right now . 
  the us did n't try to stop the junta being overthrown either . 
  the us also did n't support them in the beginning , it only supported the army 's clamp down on communists : `` although there have been persistent rumors about an active support of the coup by the u.s. government , there is no evidence to support such claims . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] the timing of the coup apparently caught the cia by surprise . 
  [ 6 ] '' do you still hate germany for the nazis ? 
  the current us government has nothing to do with what happened in 67 . 
  tsipras is the leader of greece * now * , and americans should despise greece because of that , since he thinks it 's suitable to name his son after a guy that wanted to kill millions of americans in an unprovoked nuclear attack that the ussr had to stop him launching . 
  it 's the equivalent of naming your son adolf , the only difference being guevara lacked the power to commit his genocide . 
  tsipras is a neo-nazi of the left . 
  he also supports anti-british terrorists like [ martina anderson ] ( http://www.derryjournal.com/news/kerry-to-derry-we-stand-with-greece-anderson-1-6839623 ) who was jailed for terrorism for many years . 
  and he is a friend to jeremy corbyn , a british politician that [ supports hezbollah and hamas ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11749043/andrew-gilligan-jeremy-corbyn-friend-to-hamas-iran-and-extremists.html ) . 
  greeks hate the uk as much as the usa , why is that if it 's all about the junta ? 
  the uk had nothing to do with the junta , they supported the king who rebelled against the junta and had to flee for his life to england . 
  oh , it 's because of some marbles ? 
  poor humiliated greeks , lost their marbles . 
  if greece had some ancient british artifacts i would not care , i do n't base my self worth and the worth of my country on ancient history like greeks do . 
   ended greece 's monarchic tradition the greek people narrowly voted to end it and take away poor king constantine 's basic rights and stole all of his property and revoked his citizenship . 
  then they lost a court case at the european court for stealing his property , and they paid the loss out of an emergency fund to try and make the king look bad . 
  very shameful part of greek history . 
  why would you blame this on the us ? 
   was very close to dragging us to all-out war with turkey !, 
  turkish people hate america even more than greeks do , but the us has managed to give us the most peaceful period in human history through its many alliances . 
  if it were n't for us dominance , war would have been much more likely in europe . 
  the us did not support a war with turkey , and the threat of it was what caused the junta to fall . 
   because we dared have a free and fair election in which a centrist coalition of parties entered parliament and had good prospects of forming a coalition government with democratic socialists . 
  [ one of which was a front for the banned communist party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_democratic_left ) . 
  tough measures were necessary to stop the spread of communism . 
  and what did you want the us to do about this anyway , go to war against the military coup and restore democracy ? 
  you would hate the us just as much and blame them for all of greece 's problems today if they had done that . 
  it 's like how the us was blamed for all the sectarian violence in iraq after 2003 , and were told that they must leave the country so that the violence will stop , and then they leave the country and the violence gets worse !, 
  turned out the us was there keeping the peace and being an all around good guy making huge sacrifices to protect people . 
  greece currently supports dozens of dictatorships around the world , is n't it a bit hypocritical ? 
   it 's actually fucking amazing how you think i can easily get over that !, 
  what are you , 70 years old ? 
  get over it . 
  you are being racist to hate the usa for this . 
  you would n't hold other countries to this standard , and you would n't find it fair if other countries held you to this standard .
