  they are just as hateful of the western world as sunni terrorists . 
  they may not be as interested in oppressing women or whatever but that is n't relevant to their threat to us and our allies . 
  hezbollah killed far more westerners than the taliban . 
   only americans believe iran is supporting sunni extremist meme . 
  so you believe that iran was n't the main funder of hamas ? 
  it 's amazing how willfully ignorant people will be just because they hate america . 
   aq is sunni and they hate shia-muslims . 
  there is no way in hell that iran is supporting aq . 
  why is dumb shit like this upvoted ? 
  please reddit , learn some basic facts . 
  iran was for years the main funder of hamas , the military wing of the muslim brotherhood , which is a sunni organisation that is even banned in some sunni countries because of how extreme it is . 
  iran 's links to al qaeda are beyond proven , including training them how to blow up large buildings . 
  why do n't you actually check if what you 're saying is true before you spout such ignorant bullshit ? 
  or maybe it comes from the fact that iran itself calls america the great satan , and israel only the little satan . 
  maybe the fact iran has killed literally thousands of us troops and is the main reason for all of the conflicts in the middle east . 
  in all of these places iran is funding anti-american activities which prevent the countries from having a stable democracy . 
  iraq would be stable by now after all the us troops sacrificed for the iraqi people , but for iran 's funding of terrorism there . 
   iran backed groups let 's be clear here since that sounds ambiguous . 
  iran not only gave them their weapons , and had 3 large factories manufacturing the ieds used to kill us troops in iraq , they also paid huge bounties of up to tens of thousands of dollars to those who managed to successfully kill coalition forces , whether iraqi army or us army . 
  it 's absolutely infuriating how ignorantly pro-iran reddit is . 
  interesting video but he 's too obsessed with the negative economic effect of uncontrolled immigration . 
  everyone should already know that refugees will greatly harm european economies , what few seem to realise is that the refugees bring their uncivilized values with them and resist adapting to the moral values of the host nation . 
  60-80 % in many mena countries support punishments including the death penalty for atheists as just one example . 
  such views are incompatible with a western democracy and yet no one in the media ever talks about this . 
  if the refugees were economically productive it would still be bad to accept them because of this . 
  and if the refugees were from a compatible culture ( like if there was a natural disaster destroying norway ) we would be willing to accept extreme economic hardship in order to help them . 
  the point is , she has a realistic shot at winning simply because the major european parties prefer to ignore that the vast majority of europeans do not support open borders with mena . 
  she should n't be getting to the final round . 
  `` the same failure of liberalism is evident in western europe , where the dogma of multiculturalism has left a secular europe very slow to address the looming problem of religious extremism among its immigrants . 
  the people who speak most sensibly about the threat that islam poses to europe are actually fascists . '', 
  - [ sam harris , 2006 ] ( https://www.samharris.org/blog/item/the-end-of-liberalism ), 
  le pen might be able to win under the american election system , but france has a really fair presidential voting system so she 's screwed . 
  how do they know you 're gay ? 
  some islamic countries treat lesbians differently than gays , since lesbians are considered incapable of sex . 
  in kuwait they have 6 years in jail for gay men , but it 's legal to be a lesbian . 
  in gaza it 's legal to be a lesbian , but they have the death penalty for gay men . 
  would you be willing to go to every neighbourhood in sweden wearing a yarmulke or an israeli flag tshirt ? 
  [ it 's tough for jews in sweden ] ( https://youtu.be/x4q-ptsjonk?t=63 ) . 
  the mayor of malmo said they bring attacks on themselves . 
  a teacher was told not to apply for a job as the students would be so anti-semitic . 
   the saudi king actually funded fucking terrorists , it was literally in the fucking video . 
  a saudi funded charity in bosnia was linked with terrorism but that 's not direct from the saudi regime . 
  the us has funded `` charity '' groups with strong links to terrorism in palestine and other countries . 
  there is no doubt that saudi arabia supports the western world . 
  they are extremely co-operative with us on the war on terror , more than any other muslim country . 
  saudi individuals that fund terrorism are jailed and executed regularly . 
  in the video he blames iran for the argentinian synagogue bombing , then blames saudi arabia rather than iran for 9/11 . 
  there is much more evidence tying iran to 9/11 than to the synagogue bombing , and less tying saudi arabia to 9/11 . 
  so he is being inconsistent with his judging of evidence . 
  just because al qaeda are sunni does n't mean that they are supported by saudi arabia . 
  the video tries to link the killing of apostates in bangladesh with the fact that saudi charities are active in bangladesh . 
  it 's clearly a stretch , unless there 's some more evidence he did n't go over for brevity 's sake . 
  we all know saudi arabia supports the death penalty for apostasy , that is a very different thing than sponsoring terrorism against the west . 
  do n't go to saudi arabia or other islamic states and you have nothing to worry about . 
  that is not a threat to the western world . 
  hence why i keep using the term `` terrorism against the west '' , and not just terrorism in general . 
  the saudis love the western world , and iran despises it and wants to destroy it . 
  we ca n't do much about saudi religious oppression of their own people , we can do a lot about iranian attempts to damage the western world . 
  iran and various other islamic countries also have the death penalty for apostasy . 
  he says in the video `` it 's obvious that all sunni islamist terror that we encounter throughout the world comes from saudi arabia '' , but this is false : * `` about half of hamas 's funding came from states in the persian gulf down to the mid 2000s . 
  saudi arabia supplied half of the hamas budget of $ 50 million in the early 2000s , [ 112 ] but , under u.s. pressure , began cut its funding by cracking down on islamic charities and private donor transfers to hamas in 2004 , [ 108 ] which by 2006 drastically reduced the flow of money from that area . 
  iran and syria , in the aftermath of hamas 's 2006 electoral victory , stepped in to fill the shortfall . 
  '' * there , saudi was helping hamas but then they stopped because they like the west and we have influence over them . 
  i will agree that the conflict between iran and saudi arabia , and the cold war pressures , harmed the prospects of the muslim world as all secular movements in pakistan , turkey , egypt etc that were popular in the early to mid 20th century disappeared and every muslim country became increasingly conservative aside from maybe tunisia and senegal . 
  but there 's not much we can do to stop that , and remaining an ally of saudi arabia is vital for our security . 
   i also liked how you did n't provide a link for those quotes it was obvious with all the references like '' [ 56 ] '' that it was from wikipedia and you could quote any sentence and google it to find the page its on . 
   they were n't about attacks on civillians , like the ones perpetrated by saudi funded terrorists attacks on us troops , destabilising iraq , destabilising yemen , syria , afghanistan and palestine are all way worse geopolitical actions than the odd bombing of civilians . 
  islamic terrorism is about destroying the western world , whether they do it by killing western troops so they can take over potentially allied states like iraq or by killing civilians does n't matter . 
  we need to fight against islamist political domination of the world . 
  the small number of civilians killed by terrorists is not the main problem of islamic terrorism . 
  they are winning the war on terror much more through overpopulation and immigration than by terrorist attacks which do n't really do much to harm the west . 
  he argues for a confrontation with saudi arabia which is insane . 
  the regime are more liberal than the people of saudi arabia , what good is confrontation going to do ? 
  it will just make things worse . 
  saudi arabia has the 3rd highest military spending in the world , we have to be pragmatic and remain a good ally with them . 
  they would be an insanely dangerous enemy to make . 
  we would also immediately destroy our relationships with other sunni countries . 
  people like the guy in the video just have no clue about the real world . 
   what relatively little iran has been doing . 
  did you not read my post ? 
  iran has been the main supporter of anti-west terrorism and killing of us troops . 
  they have been found guilty of helping the 9/11 hijackers . 
  i do not have to like saudi arabia to know iran is far worse :  the u.s. indictment of bin laden filed in 1998 stated that al-qaeda `` forged alliances . 
  with the government of iran and its associated terrorist group hezbollah for the purpose of working together against their perceived common enemies . 
  '' [ 53 ] on may 31 , 2001 , steven emerson and daniel pipes wrote in the wall street journal that `` officials of the iranian government helped arrange advanced weapons and explosives training for al-qaeda personnel in lebanon where they learned , for example , how to destroy large buildings . '' [ 60 ] ... 
   the 9/11 commission report stated that 8 to 10 of the hijackers on 9/11 previously passed through iran and their travel was facilitated by iranian border guards . 
  [ 53 ] [ 61 ] the report also found `` circumstantial evidence that senior hezbollah operatives were closely tracking the travel of some of these future muscle hijackers into iran in november 2000 . '', 
   judge george b. daniels ruled in a federal district court in manhattan that iran bears legal responsibility for providing `` material support '' to the 9/11 plotters and hijackers in havlish , et al. 
  [ 63 ] [ 64 ] included in judge daniels ' findings was that iran `` used front companies to obtain a boeing 757-767-777 flight simulator for training the terrorists '' , ramzi bin al-shibh traveled to iran in january 2001 , and an iranian government memorandum from may 14 , 2001 demonstrates iranian culpability in planning the attacks . 
  [ 63 ] two defectors from iran 's intelligence service testified that iranian officials had `` foreknowledge of the 9/11 attacks . 
  '' [ 65 ] your video is just nonsense . 
  the fact some terrorist attacks were committed by saudis does n't make the saudi government responsible . 
  the government is not a state sponsor of anti-west terrorism like iran is . 
  they execute plenty of saudi terrorists . 
  bin laden was saudi , but he was exiled from the country and enemy # 1 of the regime . 
  they did not fund him . 
  al qaeda are anti-us and anti-saudi both . 
  iran has been found guilty in us court of aiding the 9/11 hijackers . 
  saudi arabia has n't . 
  they executed 50 terrorists last month .
