  everyone has a different opinion of what human rights should be , so how can we keep pretending they are self-evident basic principles every country has to follow ? 
  you can like someone for one thing they did . 
  i do n't think british like him for the genocide of irish people , they like him for what he did in england . 
  just like thomas jefferson is n't loved for having slaves but for being a founding father . 
  just like jesus christ is n't loved because he sends most humans to hell , but because he offers them salvation . 
  the irish were pretty much just as savage back then too anyway , they just had less power to achieve dominance . 
  do you think ireland was a liberal utopia before the english screwed them over ? 
  i agree on its own it does n't prove anything but it 's important info along with the fact that they have equal rights . 
  in my experience people calling israel an apartheid state do n't realise that only 70 % are jewish and the minority have equal rights . 
  the fact that [ this woman serves in israeli parliament ] ( http://www.jpost.com/arab-israeli-conflict/zoabi-put-security-forces-who-killed-tel-aviv-shooter-on-trial-441241 ) is a good indicator israel is not an apartheid state . 
  she repeatedly openly incites terrorism against her own country . 
  even jimmy carter says israel is not an apartheid state , and he wrote the book `` peace not apartheid '' about the situation in the west bank . 
  if you want to argue about apartheid there fine , but it 's on the palestinian side too . 
  the palestinian authority gives the death penalty for any arab that sells land to a jew . 
  israel does n't do anything remotely like that , arabs are free to live wherever they want . 
  the only discriminations from the government are in the marriage laws , mandatory military service and immigration laws . 
  israel is far less of an apartheid state than iran . 
  iran is 98.4 % muslim , israel is only 70 % jewish . 
  and israel has a very better civil liberties and political rights record . 
  we do n't oppose iran because of their domestic policy we oppose them because of their foreign policy . 
  saudi arabia does n't fund terrorist attacks against us on 4 continents or have national holidays for shouting death to america . 
  it 's a stable ally that co-operates heavily with us in the war on terror . 
  yeah it 's religiously nuts but if they had democracy they 'd be even worse so it 's to our benefit to keep the regime and encourage slow liberal reforms . 
  that 's not the case with iran , which would be far better off with real democracy and is by far the biggest threat to global stability . 
  israel is worse than iran ? 
  you 're [ nuts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world#middle_east_and_north_africa ) . 
  israel is a secular western liberal country , iran is a conservative islamic theocracy . 
   are being oppressed by israel yes , and isis is being oppressed by the usa too . 
  what does oppressed have to do with anything ? 
   your own bigotry is clear , since you claim oppressing an entire people is a just punishment for a war that happened decades ago what war decades ago ? 
  attacks are continuing . 
  there have been over 2000 terrorist attacks in the past year . 
  if the `` palestinians '' wanted peace and accepted the existence of israel rather than constantly trying to destroy it , there 'd be no oppression . 
  israel has no choice whatsoever here . 
  either they `` oppress '' the palestinians , or they commit suicide . 
   and the actions of individuals from within that community ( terrorist attacks on israel ) justifies oppressing the entire population . 
  israel does n't oppress its arab citizens . 
  it 's not collective punishment . 
  it `` oppresses '' foreign arabs who are not citizens of israel that actively try to kill jews . 
  every country `` oppresses '' people who are not citizens , and every country `` oppresses '' people that are violently attacking others . 
  that 's not real oppression . 
  look at the last war . 
  completely needless , but hamas dug 30 tunnels into israel and fired thousands of rockets just to provoke a war and gain the world 's sympathy . 
  israel has an absolute right to prevent rockets being fired at it and infiltration tunnels being used by terrorists to attack . 
  [ ~ 160 kids died digging those tunnels ] ( http://www.jpost.com/diplomacy-and-politics/at-least-160-children-died-digging-tunnels-for-hamas-369138 ) . 
  they were the reason israel had to invade gaza . 
  it 's absolutely laughable based on their actions to think israel has any interest in oppressing another people , they clearly just want to defend themselves . 
  if palestinians do n't attack , then they do n't get oppressed . 
   israel as an expansive , yeah having 0.2 % of the land in the middle east , so [ expansive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xrndpb7.jpg ) !, 
   merkel is famous for driving policy based on polls , right ? 
  any examples of her having done that in the past ? 
  this is really stupid . 
  we 've had evidence all along that the vast majority of refugees hold opinions that are incompatible with a liberal western democracy . 
  things like wanting to execute cartoonists or supporting terrorism against jews . 
  it 's an extreme danger to our fragile democracies to let many of them into europe . 
  that a small number of the immigrants are sex offenders should have a negligible impact on whether or not you support letting in millions of illiberal immigrants from countries where they still adore hitler . 
  palestinians are n't liberal like americans though , you ignored the point completely . 
  israel was considered the david against the goliath arab regimes in all of the israeli-arab wars up until the 90s . 
  now the arabs have re-framed it as the israeli-palestinian conflict so that they can be the underdog , and western liberals have switched to supporting the palestinians . 
  despite the fact the palestinians are completely opposite of their own values . 
  in reality it is still israel who is the one jewish country in the world , with 0.2 % of the land in the middle east , up against 50 islamic states that want to destroy them . 
  just because they have the us to back them up and keep them from being genocided does n't mean they are the oppressors . 
  palestinians are oppressed in the same way that a murderer is oppressed when you put him in prison . 
  not commenting on the event , but to make the same point , 82 % of america catholics think it 's acceptable to use birth control that catholicism prohibits . 
   many irish people see the israeli - palestinian conflict as a conflict of the oppressor and the oppressed well they 've done a good job of reframing it since 1993 . 
  before then it was the arab-israeli conflict , and israel was the oppressed . 
  now the arabs have become some small little group so that they can pretend to be the oppressed side . 
  i do n't support a side because they are oppressed , i support them because i agree with their values . 
  israel is a liberal democracy just like ireland , palestine is a `` country '' where women get jailed for 5 years if they have a child out of wedlock . 
  the nazis were heavily oppressed in 1944 , did the irish support them too ? 
  [ oh ] ( http://www.historyireland.com/20th-century-contemporary-history/new-evidence-on-iranazi-links/ ) ... 
  i 've been pleasantly surprised by his foreign policy actions like recognising jerusalem as the capital of israel , but this is still a guy that named his son after ch\u00e9 guevara - the man who admitted he would have nuked the usa if they 'd been under his control and hated the ussr for not doing it . 
  tsipras thus can not be trusted . 
  he 's just using the usa for economic benefit . 
  there are posters all over dublin asking for the release of [ a convicted terrorist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marwan_barghouti ) who is responsible for the deliberate killing of thousands of civilians . 
  [ the president of ireland is a huge fan of hezbollah and hamas ] ( http://markhumphrys.com/michael.d.israel.html ) . 
  it 's not a surprise irish people would join terrorist groups when they 've actively supported islamic terrorism for decades . 
  how are new democracy not liberal ? 
  they want a strong relationship with the western world , which is the liberal side of the world . 
  syriza want a strong relationship with russia which is far less liberal ... 
   the argument that in that situation the eu would not defend the falklands is void because you ca n't pretend international politics would be the same in aforementioned situation and intra-eu politics would not really be ` international ' politics any more . 
  even the opposition leader of the uk would not defend the falklands . 
  it 's not hard to believe the eu would n't either . 
  margaret thatcher was widely condemned for attacking the belgrano which we now know was a legitimate and legal act of war due to intelligence not available to the general public . 
  european countries [ sided with argentina ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/world-news/falkland-islands/45704/bbc-finds-evidence-french-helped-argentines-sink-our-ships ) and supplied them with weapons used to illegally kill british people . 
  they have never paid reparations . 
   besides , the people of the falklands themselves decided that they wish to stay british , so yes , the argentinians have to stfu about it . 
  the eu does n't care about that . 
  eu officially supports the ethnic cleansing of 700,000 jews in israel , and products produced on their land can not be called produce of israel anymore despite the democratic will of the people producing it to be part of israel . 
   pretending that in this context europeans would not defend the falklands is disingenuous . 
  why would the rest of the eu care ? 
  even the usa , which is a larger foreign policy ally of the uk than the rest of the eu is , did not take the uk 's side in the falklands dispute . 
  reagan opposed the uk military operation & wanted argentinian sovereignty . 
  [ obama has called the islands by the argentinian name and asked for a resolution ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/nilegardiner/100206526/the-obama-administrations-response-to-the-falklands-referendum-is-insulting-wrong-and-mean-spirited/ ) , when it 's already been resolved and argentina needs to stfu about it . 
  `` remaining neutral '' is a huge insult to the uk which has the only remotely legitimate claim . 
  the problem is they have huge potential to kill more people . 
  traffic accidents are a known quantity and we do a lot to try to prevent them but everyone knows the risk of it . 
  it 's not inconceivable that if terrorism is to go unchecked the terrorists may soon have devastating weapons , biological weapons and maybe even nuclear weapons . 
  terrorism is an existential threat to the western world . 
  we spend way more on healthcare than we do fighting terrorism , we obviously do worry a lot more about it than terrorism , but it still makes sense in the question to say terrorism is more important since we 're already doing enough on healthcare and terrorism is much harder to fight .
