  the mosque was built by dubai , a country where [ it 's illegal to be gay ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_united_arab_emirates#dubai ) . 
  the mosque has publicly supported yusuf al qaradawi who calls for the genocide of jews . 
  just because they are friendly to you does not mean they have acceptable political views . 
   homosexuals are far more likely to be attacked by kids in the inner city . 
  the westboro baptist church would never attack a gay person either , they are in fact very friendly and welcoming to strangers , so i suppose that means they must be ideologically sound ? 
  minus 16 does n't sound right , more like `` 16 and under '' . 
   another truism , you are claiming the eu is undemocratic without offering an argument . 
  can you back it up without resorting to the empty slogans the daily mail offers you ? 
  the few times i 've visited the daily mail , all i saw there was celebritiy gossip . 
  you 're simply trying to justify your own ignorant opinion by assuming that i am a daily mail reader and thus must be wrong . 
  the eu is undeniably undemocratic . 
  you said i did n't offer an argument for it and that it 's propaganda and not true , and yet you went on to admit that the eu is undemocratic !, 
  the cognitive dissonance is amazing . 
  that a person from malta has 200 times the voting power of a german is clearly undemocratic . 
   each eu member is given a vote and a veto . 
  it 's a system most scottish , welsh and northern irish can only dream about . 
  the uk is a nation of equals . 
  if minority regions had a veto it would n't be a democracy . 
  if ni gets a veto , why should n't cornwall and the west midlands ? 
  the historical borders between the 4 countries of the uk are arbitrary and should n't give the people there any extra rights over any other british citizens . 
   instead they need to bow to the dictatorship of england . 
  it 's mind boggling how biased you can be , that you 're actually arguing against democracy . 
  by your logic , the eu is a dictatorship of the national governments , since the opposition parties around europe do n't get a veto . 
  how is that fair ? 
  why should malta get a veto , but labour or le pen supporters do n't get a say even though there are more than 10 times as many of them ? 
  it 's not ironic at all . 
  i just said that terrorism is n't the problem . 
  the uk does not want an open border with the middle east , which germany and sweden do . 
   i love people like you . 
  so completely partisan nah it 's you that 's completely partisan as is clear from your post . 
   if a lefty said the water was wet you would manage to convince yourself that it was actually dry . 
  i am left wing , it 's the labour party that is now the far right . 
  supporting genocidally anti-semitic terrorists is not a left wing position . 
   everything you have just said is not simply wrong , it is fractally wrong . 
  i made 7 specific statements , and literally every one of them was factually true . 
  it is a fact you did not dispute that the n.i. 
  economy is 1/3rd of ireland 's . 
  it is a fact you did not dispute that ni was the richer part of the island in the past . 
  it 's a fact that you did not dispute that labour tried to make deals in 2010 and 2015 . 
   there is a very quick/simple video on the article that could help inform you . 
  it 's not a bribe . 
  the independent is as bad as the dailymail , it has no journalistic integrity whatsoever . 
  if you think it 's a bribe , you think almost every government in europe is being bribed as they almost all make compromises and promises to junior partners to form governments . 
  it 's a completely normal situation outside of the uk and usa . 
  it 's amazing that pseudo-lefties are against increased infrastructure , healthcare and education spending for the poorest region of the uk . 
  it 's clearly partisan , if labour were doing it you 'd be defending it . 
  it 's not even a big increase . 
  if it was # 10b maybe it would be worth criticising , but # 1b is a small amount that will see it still remain the poorest region of the uk . 
   why on earth would they exist as a party if they were the same as the torys in every way i did n't say they were what are you on about ? 
  you clearly lack reading comprehension . 
  the key issues are the ones that will keep corbyn out of government , and the dup will absolutely back the tories on those . 
   there will now be no hard boarder in ireland now , this is because of the dup . 
  theresa may has said all along that she does not want a hard border . 
  it was in the tory manifesto . 
  it was in her article 50 letter : `` the republic of ireland is the only eu member state with a land border with the united kingdom . 
  we want to avoid a return to a hard border between our two countries . '', 
  so you 're clearly misinformed and displaying extreme partisan bias , unlike me who only stated basic facts that any informed person would agree with . 
   do you grasp the irony in hating jc for trying to foster civil conversation during the troubles while at the same time seeing nothing wrong with the torys creating a power imbalance in ni in defiance of the good friday agreement ( that ended the violence in ni ) ? 
  more laughably extreme bias from you . 
  jc was never interested in `` fostering civil conversation '' . 
  he sided with the ira and played no role in the peace process . 
  please show me where corbyn has ever met with and talked to unionists or israeli leaders . 
  he only ever meets the side he already agrees with , to encourage their terrorism . 
  the tories are not forming a coalition with the dup , it 's an informal pragmatic agreement and there 's nothing wrong with that and it absolutely does not violate the gfa . 
  if it did , the gfa would be an undemocratic agreement that disenfranchises ni voters . 
  the dup are not remotely comparable to the ira , their mps were never involved with terrorism unlike sinn fein 's . 
  corbyn did not even vote in favour of the gfa . 
  it 's absolute nonsense from a biased media that 's looking for any illegitimate excuse to attack the tories . 
   there are non so blind as those who keep their eyes shut u/valleyshrew such civil conversation you are fostering . 
  corbyn 's supporters behave just like trump supporters , extremely nasty and delusional , while projecting all of their own faults onto the opposition . 
  it 's not a bribe at all . 
  dup would vote with the tories on key issues regardless . 
  ni deserves extra infrastructure spending given how much corbyn 's pals in the ira devastated the economy there , so that it 's now 1/3rd of the gdp of the republic even though it was the richer part of ireland in the past . 
  labour in 2010 and 2015 tried to make deals with the dup too and promised extra spending in ni . 
   i am a card carrying corbynista do you also believe that hamas and fidel castro are champions of social justice ? 
  [ this is an example of leftists becoming the new far right ] ( https://twitter.com/avimayer/status/878913417494630400 ) . 
  a country that has experienced genocidal anti-semitism should be wise enough not to import millions of extremist anti-semites . 
  it 's not just anti-semitism that will be a problem , the majority of people in countries the refugees come from support the death penalty for apostasy and many other abhorrent things . 
  jews were liberal and perfectly assimilated into european values . 
  the refugees are not . 
  it 's completely bogus to compare them . 
  germany is going back to the 1930s due to people like you that think it 's racist to not want extreme anti-semites immigrating to your country :  as polls taken between 2011 and 2015 showed , between a third and half of germans view israel as the moral equivalent of nazi germany . 
  the palestinians , by their telling , are the new jews . 
  likewise , a large majority of germans is sick of hearing about the holocaust . 
  and an even larger majority says that israel is behaving unjustly toward the palestinians . 
  breaking the silence 's work not only legitimizes these views , shielding them from condemnation as indications of the growing virulence of german jew-hatred . 
  it also , to a degree , justifies the holocaust . 
  after all , if the jews are as evil as the nazis , then they are illegitimate actors who deserve to be defeated . 
  europe 's rapidly escalating campaign against israel can be viewed through its rapidly escalating embrace of these groups . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/netanyahus-bold-move-against-europe-489221 ), 
  corbyn will though . 
  the eu is so corrupt . 
  they love to fine american companies for bs reasons , like hundreds of millions for microsoft bundling wmp with windows . 
  meanwhile volkswagen has been fined $ 0 despite their emissions scandal which got them fined $ 16b in the us . 
  they clearly play favourites with eu companies . 
  there are big record numbers of tourists in italy , greece & israel this year , and those are the only 3 countries i checked . 
  so it could be that turkish tourism has increased but at a much lower rate than it should have when compared to its neighbours . 
  if it was just terrorism we can easily cope with it . 
  islamism is the real problem . 
  germany , sweden , france and other countries will slowly turn into islamic states over the next century .
