  she is more liberal than merkel on many issues . 
  merkel is a conservative christian who opposes gay marriage ( [ may consistently voted for it ] ( https://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/10426/theresa_may/maidenhead/divisions?policy=6686 ) ) , and has one of the worst climate change records - building lots of new coal power plants and getting rid of nuclear power plants , with by far the highest emissions in the eu . 
  the uk has much lower emissions and has been getting rid of coal for decades . 
   she fits in with duterte , erdogan and putin all 3 are tyrants . 
  may is nothing like them and you really should open your eyes a little . 
  why did you chuckle ? 
  his campaign manager is a communist who praised north korea . 
  his communication director is a stalinist . 
  he has said fidel castro was a `` champion of social justice '' . 
  corbyn has hated nato and the eu all of his career , and even supported russian annexation of crimea . 
  i thought / r/europe was pretty keen on the moderate liberal values of people like merkel , may & macron ? 
  it makes no sense for them to support corbyn the extremist communist , except out of hatred for the uk . 
   our laws can not deal with this threat . 
  if france can convict bridget bardot 5 times for criticising islam , why ca n't people be convicted for supporting isis ? 
  the echr says it 's ok to restrict free speech in the interest of national security or `` morals '' . 
  because europeans do n't agree on what that army should do . 
  swedes will want it to invade israel for example and they will veto any other action . 
  why would they start a war which they would lose when they can just take over europe slowly via immigration ? 
  they can exist because their members joined up voluntarily . 
  the eu member states didnt sign up to have a joint army . 
  countries like ireland and sweden drastically oppose the foreign policy of other eu member states , they ca n't be part of the same military alliance or it will be toothless . 
  you 're obviously very misinformed if you think all eu member states share the same foreign policy . 
   i do n't know anyone that 's in geopoliticals that would n't love to see nato dramatically downsized from the us side of things with eu taking things over the eu has many anti-nato countries like ireland and sweden . 
  ireland is not part of the first world . 
  the president of ireland is an ally of hezbollah and hamas . 
  an eu army will not work so long as ireland and sweden are in the eu . 
  this is perfectly compliant with the echr , and yet the people of / r/europe do n't seem to realise how horrible the echr is in enabling oppression . 
  it 's amazing how redditors never have any arguments against any of my comments , they just resort to insults . 
  everything i said is a fact that can be backed up with evidence . 
  they are all easy facts to google , you do n't have the intelligence to dispute any of them , and yet you call me dumb ? 
  there are many shia terrorists . 
  iran sponsored the killing of our troops in iraq and afghanistan . 
  the nonsense that its only saudi arabia that sponsors terrorism is anti-west propaganda spread by the likes of the independent , the guardian and the intercept which have no credibility . 
   all this surveillance and cutting civil rights really working out well . 
  how do you know it 's not ? 
  there have been many stopped attacks . 
  just because police are unable to prevent 100 % of crime before it happens does n't mean it 's a bad idea to have police . 
  just because the police ca n't prevent all crime does n't mean it 's a bad idea to have police . 
  39 % of the british public according to a recent poll want a prime minister that has said that hamas is `` a movement for social justice '' . 
  corbyn also said that fidel castro and hugo chavez were dedicated to social justice . 
  the public , especially the young , have become brainwashed into hating the western world and sympathising with its enemies , the islamic extremists and communist tyrants . 
  isis are the biggest enemy of saudi arabia . 
  if you hate them so much , how do you feel about ibrahim halawa who calls for the execution of gays and is widely glorified by the irish media ? 
  terror would only increase if we stopped being an ally to saudi arabia . 
  if the terrorists only attack us because of our foreign policy , why have the coptic christians been the biggest victims so far this year ? 
  they do n't have a foreign policy . 
  you 're calling for appeasement . 
   the gfa was an affront to democracy - as is the existence of the six county state . 
  why do you think a geographical border is not an affront to democracy ? 
  should n't all citizens of the uk have got to vote on irish secession by your logic ? 
  there are dozens of cases of a single punch killing a person , it should be counted as attempted murder . 
  the same irish media and public that praises ibraham halawa who says gays should be executed , hate their gay prime minister . 
  it 's amazing how the left and right have switched places . 
  that 's exactly what syriza did when they were in opposition . 
  they got elected because they got to look good criticising all the failures of the government , but they make the same failures and even worse ones . 
  protest movements do n't make good governments . 
  often the very best possible employee for a politician is a family member that knows them best , can be fully trusted and who will work long hours for them . 
  rich people whose family members can work for free will have a big advantage in french politics . 
  corbyn is anti-nato and pro-putin . 
  he has appeared on iranian propaganda television , opposed sanctions on iran even before the iran deal , and supported russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  he described fidel castro , hamas and hugo chavez all as fighters for social justice . 
  the sensible commenters of / r/europe tend not to support such evil as corbyn , trump or le pen . 
  they 're all anti-establishment loonies that are destroying the future of western politics . 
   wesst bank ... burned , killed and terrorised by western support of terrorists i do n't think this subreddit existed the last time israel was bombing the west bank . 
  israel has close security co-operation with the palestinian authority that controls the west bank . 
   when it 's russian or assad propaganda . 
  corbyn has defended putin and assad many times . 
  he 's a friend to any dictator that hates the western world . 
  his campaign leader literally supports north korea , and his communication director is a stalinist . 
  tories are little different than previous labour governments or any other current eu government . 
  the current labour party would be the biggest change in british politics since before ww2 . 
  people that support genocidal communist dictators , support russia annexing crimea , supporting terrorist attacks on jews and refer to it as `` fighting for social justice '' , praise the economy of venezuela , opposed sanctions on iran even before the nuclear deal was achieved , received money to appear on iranian television to criticise the western world , oppose bombing isis , the list of their evil is never ending . 
  why are n't the qu ` ran and bible illegal in germany if they 're so opposed to hate speech ? 
   he was a proponent of a european turkey and a turkish accession in the eu . 
  so he wanted greece to have freedom of movement with turkey , and thus greece would be destroyed since it 's massively outnumbered ? 
   ruthless neo liberals a a la thatcher the person that shut down the coal mines ? 
  meanwhile germany has loads of new coal power plants built and got rid of their nuclear plants . 
  i sense you 're a little biased . 
   that 's why they have courted the fishermen and want to throw out the common fisheries policies other countries should not be fishing in our waters , how is that good for the ecosystem of the oceans ? 
   ot to mention that their norwegian and icelandic neighbours , who they praised until yesterday , have even more stringent environmental policies source please . 
  norway did n't want to join the eu largely to protect its overfishing . 
   and it 's not like the uk has stellar records right now since 1990 , the uk has reduced its emissions more than almost any other european country . 
  we have much lower emissions per capita than germany , which has gone backwards since 2008 . 
  merkel is one of the worst people the eu could have leading their climate change policies . 
  the tories are not climate change deniers like trump , there are some pro-environment policies in their manifesto , though obviously they 're not strong enough . 
  it 's sad to see this subreddit increasingly becoming an anti-british circlejerk . 
  spain has been one of the worst offenders on climate change in the eu , where are the articles demonising them ? 
  this subreddit only ever seems to attack the uk out of all eu countries . 
  the us fined volkswagen $ 18b for their emissions cheating , how much has germany or the eu fined them ? 
  and yet the eu will happily fine american tech companies for ridiculous reasons , like bundling a media player with their operating system . 
  the precedent of allowing chemical weapons to be used endangers us all . 
  it 's not really about saving syrians . 
  are you serious ? 
  aj is worse than rt in terms of its propaganda and lies . 
  for example recently they said palestinian hunger strikers ended their hunger strike due to a deal with israel , when in fact israel did n't make any deal . 
  aj also lied about the prisoner 's demands . 
  they never miss an opportunity to unfairly demonise the west . 
  it should be banned in every western country . 
  [ i hate to link to them , but here 's a good example of their atrocious propaganda ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/05/israel-laptop-ban-mideast-airlines-170517013320611.html ) , blaming israel for a us airline ban on laptops which makes no sense whatsoever . 
  russia also deserves a lot of credit for not using their nuclear weapons .
