  hollande is just like sanders . 
  they make a big fuss about how much they love the poor and hate money being wasted but when they get a chance they waste plenty for themselves . 
  sanders refused to release his tax returns over the past 10 years , releasing only 1 year 's worth which showed he paid less tax than mitt romney . 
  he paid his own family over $ 150k from campaign funds which is technically legal but clearly unethical . 
  he bought thousands of copies of his own book with campaign funds too . 
  he spent $ 600k on a private jet to the vatican with lobster dinners to ambush the pope for 5 minutes to pander to catholics . 
  socialists are just as greedy as everyone else when they get some power . 
  and they are just as image conscious . 
  cheap suits and not wearing a tie ( ala tsipras and corbyn ) are deliberate choices to mislead the public into thinking these guys do n't like to waste money . 
  what 's your point ? 
  we have the power to change that as we have a democracy and can make our own laws . 
  we can not change eu immigration except by leaving the eu . 
  why on earth would you think that me opposing freedom of movement with the eu means i would support letting in millions of people from islamic countries ? 
   why do you need to vet european citizens ? 
  most of them are secular white atheists or christians that integrate pretty well into any western society . 
  that 's the case in the past . 
  not the case any longer when european countries are letting in millions of islamists , and defense ministers of eu countries have been threatening to send isis into other countries if they do n't get debt renegotiation . 
  in sweden it is not safe to be jewish any more , you ca n't get a job as a teacher , jewish actors quit their shows because it 's not safe to film in sweden and mayors say the jews bring the attacks on themselves by supporting israel . 
  i do n't want the uk to become like sweden . 
   he fled greece years later , by that time the junta had become unpopular and he had riots on his hands . 
  years later , after the republic was established he told ert that his way of `` protesting '' the junta is by not smiling when he swore them in as government . 
  i swear to god , this is what he said . 
  well done leaving out that he fled greece after trying to mount a coup against the junta . 
  and when the junta tried to bring him back and negotiate terms with him , he refused to come back until democracy was restored . 
  and when he was voted out in the referendum he accepted it without fuss despite not having been allowed to campaign . 
  you ca n't expect him to single handedly stop a military coup . 
  i would n't expect queen elizabeth to do that , it 'd be unfair to scapegoat her for the failure of the british people and government to prevent it . 
  he had to accept the junta initially because he was incapable of fighting them . 
  he was not a conqueror he was just a figure head . 
   there is a thing called google and you can spend your time doing research on the matter . 
  i wo n't do that for you . 
  the top 1 is a . docx so ca n't be viewed , the next couple do n't mention rigged , and the first to do so does n't give any extra detail other than saying it was rigged . 
  the next one is about the 1973 referendum rigged against the monarchy . 
  obviously i can read `` it was rigged '' , that is n't proof . 
  just because it 's in a book does n't make it a legitimate source . 
  in 1953 iranian prime minister mohammad mosaddegh set up a referendum to dissolve parliament and give himself power to make any law , and there were separate polling stations for yes and no . 
  it ended up 99.9 % in favour of dissolving parliament ( something that should n't be very popular ) . 
  that is proof it was rigged . 
  the vote total for constantine ii 's right to be king was 68.4 % , which is not particularly suspicious . 
  i think queen elizabeth would easily get 80 % in a referendum . 
  wikipedia says :  the official report of the allied mission to observe the greek elections [ amfoge ] acknowledged the existence of voter fraud , despite its vested interest in legitimizing the election , that `` there is no doubt in our minds that the party representing the government view exercised undue influence in securing votes in support of the return of the king . '', 
  ** they however claimed that without said influence , the monarchy would still have prevailed in the election . 
  ** so it seems to have been minor influence , not totally rigging the result . 
  and you said yourself , it was the norm in europe . 
  where is the evidence that constantine was `` never wanted here '' which is what we were arguing about ? 
  what makes you think i approve of that ? 
  the british public have the power to vet immigrants from the commonwealth if we want . 
  we do n't have open borders with any of those countries . 
  we did not have the power to vet eu immigrants so we had no choice but to leave . 
  do you think the millions of refugees in europe are not going to get european citizenship in the near future ? 
   was allowed to take ownership of all of his belongings minus the land they stole his house that was privately owned !, 
  it was not government property . 
  he won the case when he sued them for a reason . 
  it took decades until the greek government agreed to partially return his property . 
  you are proud of this ? 
   remember , we are talking about a king who blatantly legitimated a coup source please . 
  the king opposed the junta and tried to stop them . 
  he had to flee the country and live in exile . 
   a royal family who was never wanted here , one that rigged multiple republican referendums for a century to stay heads of state evidence that they rigged referendums ? 
  they were very popular . 
  everyone old enough that i know in greece voted to have him remain in 1963 . 
  the referendum to become a republic was undemocratic as they did n't allow the king to campaign and the wording was biased in favour of a republic . 
  even still , 30 % voted to not become a republic so how can you say they were not wanted ? 
  if they were so bad they would not be getting 30 % . 
  unlike in the uk , the greek royal family were democratically chosen . 
   hearing pro monarchy shit like this from a brit makes me wish cromwell was still around . 
  i am not pro monarchy . 
  when prince charles becomes king i will want a referendum . 
  the queen would pass it easily , charles wont . 
  what i wont advocate is stealing all of charles 's private property and violating his basic human rights . 
   the english do n't own what happened to ancient britain 3000 years ago , all of europe owns it . 
  what point are you making here ? 
  why would you think i have a problem with this ? 
  absolutely i agree that i do n't own any cultural artifacts from 100s of years ago if they have long since been removed from the country . 
  i do n't go claiming london bridge back from america . 
   just because modern english ( descendants of germanic invaders , usurpers of celtic land ) live in the same area does not mean that they 're the owners of stonehedge . 
  each rock should be transferred to a european country so that all european people may appreciate their common european heritage . 
  i said specifically that it is owned by whatever country it currently resides in . 
  stonehenge is owned by us because it resides here , not because we have any special link with the people that built it . 
  you have very poor reading comprehension . 
   someone who supports israel but condemns poland he just gave israel the exact same criticism he gave poland you fool . 
  if it were n't for the refugees we 'd have stayed in the eu . 
  freedom of movement means we 'd have to give that right also to the millions of islamists other eu countries let in . 
  greeks do n't own what happened in ancient greece 2500 years ago , all of europe owns it . 
  whatever remains in greece the greeks own , whatever remains elsewhere in europe is owned by the respective country in which it resides . 
  just because modern greeks live in the same area does not mean they are the owners of all ancient greek culture . 
  if greece had n't treated their king so poorly , stole his property and violated his human rights after he honourably agreed to the result of the referendum for greece to become a republic , then maybe british people would be more sympathetic . 
  a lot of people did support saddam though . 
  george galloway for example . 
  he encouraged the killing of british troops and advised the iraqi government :  the only war that can be fought against a superpower is a war of movement . 
  i brought tariq aziz all the writings of che guevara and mao tse tung on the arts of revolutionary war and he had them translated into arabic . 
  fight a war of movement , take the uniforms off , swim among the iraqi people and whatever their views on the regime , they will undoubtedly provide deep aquifers of support for a patriotic resistance . 
  - george galloway and his friends ken livingstone and jeremy corbyn were n't much better . 
  the fact saddam did n't have wmd at the time made the case for war even clearer . 
  people forget that one of the main arguments against the war was that saddam might retaliate with his wmd and it was n't worth the risk . 
  as we now know , there was no risk , and we had a great opportunity to replace a tyrant who terrorised his people for decades and invaded multiple foreign countries without cause . 
  [ and let 's not scapegoat the invasion for all of the current problems with iraq ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jul/06/iraq-war-saddam-monster-chaos-britain-chilcot-report ) , the invasion gave iraqis a great opportunity and they squandered it . 
  they must take the majority of the blame . 
  because he 's aspiring to be a leader of the uk , not iran . 
  we are allies of israel and the usa and they are 2 of the most civilized and liberal countries in the world .
