  i always thought that israel has fairly strict anti-terror laws . 
  there are plenty of anti-zionist organisations . 
  one is the third largest party in the knesset . 
  israel has let terrorists away with no punishment after stabbing people , they certainly also let people away for opposing the state with words . 
  the lack of a meeting is not simply for meeting with ngos . 
  [ read up on some israeli media accounts of this ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/netanyahus-bold-move-against-europe-489221 ) , it 's a lot less simplistic than the headline here . 
   gabriel 's british colleague , boris johnson , met with peace now while on a trip to israel , and us president donald trump 's special envoy jason greenblatt spent several hours with palestinian organizations that have an equally negative view of israeli policies in the west bank . 
  neither got the netanyahu boycott treatment . 
  the prime minister has determined that breaking the silence belongs in a different category because it targets israeli soldiers ; his deputy foreign minister , tzipi hotovely , had no hesitation in branding breaking the silence an `` enemy '' in a wednesday interview on army radio , and in differentiating it from other left-wing israeli ngos , because , she said , it seeks to get israel 's soldiers prosecuted for war crimes at the hague . 
  so the german fm was conspiring with an anti-israel ngo that specifically targets israeli soldiers and tries to get them convicted of war crimes . 
  that 's very different than meeting with pro-palestinian activists . 
  gabriel stated 5 years ago that '' [ israel ] is an apartheid regime , for which there is no justification '' . 
  this is as bad as russia intervening in the us election , which all of the west is outraged about . 
  other western countries should not be interfering so belligerently in israel 's democracy . 
  it 's a huge double standard . 
  obama sent a campaign team in 2015 to help netanyahu 's opposition for example . 
   after the plo abandoned the peace process with israel at the july 2000 camp david summit and initiated its terrorist war against israel two months later , the europeans began massively funding radical leftist groups registered as ngos in israel . 
  the collapse of the peace process and the initiation of the palestinian terrorist war all but dried up domestic support for groups like peace now , b\u2019tselem and rabbis for human rights . 
  but with millions of euros in their pockets and the unconditional diplomatic support of europe , these groups were able to become players in israel 's domestic politics and cause massive harm to israel 's international standing . 
  as for the europeans , their israeli contractors gave them the ability to fend off allegations that they were antisemites engaged in systematic and prejudicial discrimination against the jewish state . 
   ... in 2013 , then-minister bennie begin convinced the government to bow to european pressure -- exerted through its israel-registered nonprofits -- to legalize beduin settlements in the negev built on stolen state land . 
  far from placating the europeans and their israeli contractors , these actions convinced them to escalate their pressure against israel and to adopt ever more prejudicial positions against the jewish state . 
   breaking the silence , which was formed in 2002 , is a group dedicated to libeling the idf and its soldiers and officers by constantly accusing them of carrying out war crimes . 
  since its inception , breaking the silence 's budget has come almost entirely from european governments . 
  germany is a major backer . 
  germany 's interest in breaking the silence is understandable . 
  as polls taken between 2011 and 2015 showed , between a third and half of germans view israel as the moral equivalent of nazi germany . 
  the palestinians , by their telling , are the new jews . 
  likewise , a large majority of germans is sick of hearing about the holocaust . 
  and an even larger majority says that israel is behaving unjustly toward the palestinians . 
  breaking the silence 's work not only legitimizes these views , shielding them from condemnation as indications of the growing virulence of german jew-hatred . 
  it also , to a degree , justifies the holocaust . 
  after all , if the jews are as evil as the nazis , then they are illegitimate actors who deserve to be defeated . 
  `` the council , acting by a majority of four fifths of its members after obtaining the consent of the european parliament '' that can be as much as 98.58 % of the eu population that is required to remove the voting rights . 
  plus the consent of parliament , which presumably just means a simple majority . 
  that could be hard to achieve . 
  `` the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament '' that 's a little confusing . 
  the council has to act by unanimity ? 
  so if even the smallest member state objects the whole process is cancelled ? 
  this is like if a vote of no confidence in the prime minister required 100 % of mps except the pm to support it . 
  in reality they only require 50 % +1 , a much more doable task . 
  we are giving a huge amount of aid to middle easterners in the form of financial , humanitarian and military assistance . 
  we are not just letting them die . 
  they have no right to takeover our countries . 
  just because they are suffering does n't mean we have to suffer too . 
  i enjoy living in a liberal democracy where i have the right to be a non-muslim . 
  likely 60 % of refugees support the death penalty for apostasy . 
  it 's over 80 % in pakistan , 60 % in egypt and palestine , so i 'm guessing about 60 % for refugees overall . 
  might only be 40 % , or might be higher , the precise figure is n't important . 
  it 's a very large amount of them . 
  do you want to let the atheists of your country be executed rather than turn away refugees ? 
  what are you going to do in the near future when there are 500 million climate change refugees from mena/asia ? 
  these will be much much more justified than the current refugees , who are mostly just looking to live in a nicer country because they made their own countries shit and want to take advantage of our success . 
  do you think ireland for example , should have to accept in 30 million refugees which will turn the country into an islamic state ? 
  the refugees will be suffering , you ca n't be a nazi and turn them away , you 've got to let them all in !, 
  just because people suffer does n't make them good people . 
  this is one of the evil ideas in christianity . 
  i judge people based on their beliefs and actions , not how much they are suffering . 
  isis members are some of the most oppressed people on earth right now , do i want to help them because of that ? 
  almost all refugees support one of isis , hamas or hezbollah . 
   first , being a nazi is not illegal . 
  if a white christian american tried to emigrate to germany , and in the process it was revealed they were a nazi , you do n't think their immigration application would be turned down ? 
   second , denying the holocaust in public is illegal . 
  so as long as immigrants hide their love of hitler and wish for a second holocaust , it will be fine if they take over the country ? 
  once they become a bigger part of the population , you think they will continue hiding it ? 
  politicians will need to win their votes , and the jews , gays , atheists , cartoonists and liberal values will be sacrificed . 
  you think germany will continue to be a safe place for jews ? 
  already close to half of germans are anti-israel . 
  the refugees will tip the balance , once they receive the right to vote . 
  look at how the eu parliament gave a standing ovation to anti-semitism on the day after brexit . 
  israel , the most secular and liberal state in the middle east is now hated because liberals have decided that the most right wing and illiberal people on the planet are victims that we need to side with . 
   they tried to enter explicitly to try to attend something clearly against democratic values how so ? 
  they entered to try and use the right to freedom of religion , and the right to peacefully protest . 
  this was denied to them . 
  they are more liberal than most muslims , but it 's ok to hate them and not ok to hate muslims which is stupid . 
  they say that they are no less sinners than any homosexual and that they would welcome gay people to attend their sermons and would treat them with kindness . 
  they even say it 's not a problem if their children have gay teachers at school , which makes them arguably more liberal than catholics , as many catholic schools still fire teachers that come out of the closet . 
  they simply read both the good and bad parts of the bible , and dont cherry pick like most other christians . 
  when the bible says gays are an abomination and that god hates the world , they believe it , but they are very kind and tolerant people in reality . 
  how are they not true ? 
  please explain . 
  any eu member state has the legal right to pass eu citizenship onto anyone in the world with no delay . 
  once they have eu citizenship , they are free to move to any eu member state . 
  the eu system is set up to give small member states hugely disproportionate powers , which is anti-democratic . 
  malta has the same voting right as germany despite having 1/200th of the population . 
  the brexit deal requires that 72 % of member states vote in favour of it . 
  this means that 2.2 % of the eu population can block it , as the smallest 28 % of states are only 2.2 % of the population . 
  how is that not anti-democratic ? 
  you pro-eu people love to accuse others of lying , but then when i actually post the facts , you disappear and stop arguing . 
  it 's frustrating how delusional the eu has made people . 
  edit - i think i 've now read that i was in fact wrong on this . 
  it 's not 2.2 % that can block the brexit deal , it 's member states representing 28 % of the parliament ( possibly including a minimum of 3 or 4 member states ) , or 50 % +1 of meps . 
  the eu voting system is very confusing and most people obviously do n't understand it since i 've been saying this for months on here with hundreds of replies , and no one ever corrected my figure of 2.2 % . 
  i 've also read that while unanimity is n't required for the brexit deal , it is to extend the talks and it will be required for any subsequent deal the uk makes with the eu , and that spain and possibly ireland will have veto power over the brexit deal too . 
  `` a trade agreement would probably require unanimity in the council , a majority in the european parliament , and also ratification in national parliaments as well as in some regional parliaments -- for example , those of flanders and wallonia . 
  that involves 36 legislatures , each of which has a veto . '', 
  so i was right that the eu is undemocratic since a member state representing just 0.09 % of eu population can veto a trade deal with the uk , i just got the details wrong . 
  what country are you from ? 
  does it have an open border with the whole world ? 
  if not , you are also a xenophobe by your own logic .
