   yes holy shit i did n't believe you would actually admit it . 
  we 'd still have slavery and women would n't have the right to vote under your system !, 
  you would let golden dawn have a veto in the greek parliament ? 
  every government in the world would be paralysed . 
  why stop there ? 
  if you need unanimity to pass bills in parliament , why not require unanimity to form a government ? 
  if the tories only get 98 % of the vote in a national election , that 's not quite good enough , they should have to get 99.99 % to form a government !, 
   your serbia croatia thing , yes absolutely they should if serbia can not prove itself a good enough neighbour to croatia that croatia agrees to its accession then it 's not going to improve when it is inside the eu . 
  serbia has to prove a hell of a lot to the other 99 % of the eu , that should be enough . 
  you 're just assuming that croatia is being fair . 
  what if croatia is just racist against serbia ? 
   choose one thing to be outraged by , eu has too much control or eu has too little control . 
  you can not be outraged by both and still be coherent i do n't understand how you do n't get it . 
  the eu has too much control over our laws . 
  the eu also has too little ability to reform along with the majority opinion . 
  there is no contradiction there . 
  the eu being unreformable does n't mean the eu has too little control . 
  it means the majority of the eu has too little control over the minority that can veto things . 
   your definition of an effective system is one where someone does something and then everyone else has to follow it and shut the fuck up . 
  nope . 
  you are talking complete shit and refusing to engage with anything that i actually say . 
   as said a government should be doing as minimum as possible with the agreement of the most people . 
  how can a government do `` as minimum as possible '' ? 
  the minimum is anarchy . 
  the government needs to do a lot . 
  every good country in the world has a hugely powerful government with a large amount of taxes for the benefit of society . 
  there is still much to go in every country . 
  i do n't know anyone that wants the laws to all stay the same as they are now , that 's a pretty weird thing in a democracy . 
   not doing as much as possible while ignoring everyone who does n't agree , that 's authoritarianism . 
  where did i say the government should do as much as possible ? 
  are you capable of thinking without going to nonsensical extremes ? 
   am i high or something ? 
  what the hell am i reading here ? 
  we voted to leave . 
  we gave in the notice and now you 're outraged that we ca n't just pause it and start again as a delaying tactic ? 
  i do n't want the uk to pull back . 
  i want the eu to let us pull back if we , and 97 % of the rest of the eu population , want to . 
  i do n't only support my own interests , that would be selfish . 
  if brexit had lost 97-3 % in the referendum , i would n't want us to be pushing through with brexit , even though i personally voted for it . 
  why do you oppose us merely having the ability to pull back with the consent of 99 % of the rest of the eu population ? 
  please actually answer instead of talking shit this time . 
   it 's not just the european parliament though is it it 's the council and the european parliament . 
  the council has final say . 
  parliament just passes bills to them , as i understand it . 
   this is incorrect unaninimity is only required on the most important issues . 
  it 's not incorrect , it 's about the title of this post which implies consent of all countries . 
  that 's why i 'm saying 0.09 % and not the 2.2 % that can veto a final brexit deal . 
  do you think it 's a good thing to let every 3 mps together have veto power over everything in the british parliament ? 
  yes or no please . 
   the eu is a supranational state and should be massively constrained when there is n't wide consensus it 's not just `` wide consensus '' , it 's incredibly extreme consensus . 
  why should croatia ( 1 % of eu population ) have power to block serbia joining the eu forever even if every other member state wants them to join ? 
  they can block every other member ever from joining , not just serbia . 
  do you support that ? 
  why does the eu not have the capability to kick a member out of the eu if they are going against the will of all the other members ? 
  if the prime minister was going against the will of 100 % of everyone else in parliament they would get removed from office . 
  yet the eu has no such power to mitigate the behaviour of rogue actors . 
   what 's so bad about broad consensus ? 
  if broad consensus is so good , why do you not want mps to have veto power in parliament ? 
  why do you refuse to answer about it ? 
   also i thought the whole problem was the eu supposedly has `` too much '' control , but apparently now it is paralysed as well while imposing laws everywhere ? 
  which is it ? 
  totally false dichotomy . 
  the eu has too much control as it stands , and it 's extremely difficult for the eu to reform or change its laws . 
  there is no contradiction there . 
  even if the small eu states have never used their power in a bad way so far , it 's inevitable that it will happen . 
  the eu has been lucky that most of europe shared the same liberal values until recently . 
  far left and far right parties are increasing in europe . 
  the far left government in greece , which hates the western world , and idolises a genocidal communist , does not deserve a veto over the rest of the eu . 
   you can not simueltaneously attack a system that ensures it represents the majority of people in europe and claim to be defending democracy . 
  the eu does not represent the majority !, 
  how have you come up with this nonsense ? 
  the thread title is literally saying that 0.09 % of the eu population can veto the uk 's desire to pull back from the article 50 process . 
   what you are arguing for is the right of a minority to shit on the majority of people that 's exactly what you are arguing for not me !, 
  how can you be this dishonest ? 
  i said 50 % +1 of northern irish should get to force through a united ireland , and you are arguing against it and in favour of 0.1 % of northern irish being able to veto it . 
  you are the one wanting to shit on the majority here . 
  did you even read my post ? 
   and not to compromise and come to the most representative outcome . 
  a compromise based system is undemocratic . 
  you ca n't say the eu requires compromise/consensus , and is democratic . 
  stop the dishonesty . 
   as said the only reason to be afraid of a consensus based system is that you are scared of actually having to make other people agree and compromise rather than just rolling over them . 
  allowing every single member of parliament a veto over changes makes the government totally dysfunctional and ineffective . 
  i really can not believe you are continuing to argue about this . 
   perhaps at best if it 's deemed to be about joining leaving and not just an ongoing procedural then it goes to actual unanimity vote wait , you 're still arguing about it ? 
  the smallest 7 countries can band together and block it , because you wont have gotten 72 % of member states without them . 
  their population total is 10 million , or 2.2 % of the eu population . 
  i asked you a simple question and you refused to answer it because you do n't want to have to admit i was right . 
   i thought we wanted to leave anyway ? 
  why the horror at this ? 
  just because we want to leave does n't mean we do n't want to have good relations with the eu . 
  the problem is n't that we might not get a deal , we will get one , the problem is that the small eu nations have a huge amount of leverage that they do n't deserve due to the voting system . 
  even if 97.7 % of the eu supports giving us a certain kind of deal , the small countries can force the final deal to be much worse for all of us . 
   why so afraid of it ? 
  because it 's extremely dysfunctional . 
  foreign policy requires the ability to actually do things . 
  if everyone gets a veto then you ca n't do anything . 
  look at the united ireland issue for example . 
  if 50 % +1 of northern irish vote for it they can get it . 
  by your system , they need to get 99.9 % before they get a united ireland ?
