  why not hate greece for the junta ? 
  greeks had a much bigger hand in it than americans did . 
  if you want to hate the usa it 's only fair to hate them for their current government and policies . 
  i strongly dislike obama having such a good relationship with tsipras and encouraging the eu to bail greece out when he is so anti-american . 
  greece voting for syriza destroyed the positive economic recovery they were experiencing in 2014 so they could put in this [ inexperienced & incompetent fool ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2015/07/02/news/economy/greece-crisis-prime-minister-economy/ ) whose damage to greece has only been limited by the eu forcing him to compromise on his radically anti-capitalist ideology . 
  america and the uk must avoid the same fate as greece by rejecting sanders and corbyn . 
   and the us has n't even apologized , not even for supporting and recognizing the junta !, 
  so it is exactly as i thought . 
  it 's all about how humiliated you feel because you never got an apology . 
  all of greece 's problems must be the fault of the usa , never mind that countries like germany and japan which were much more fucked up by the us military are thriving today . 
  you ca n't possibly accept any responsibility for your own situation as greeks are a strong and proud people . 
  should the us also apologise for supporting stalin in the 40s ? 
  i do n't give a shit about honour or being humiliated , i care about doing what is best for the country and for the world . 
  that means supporting the west and opposing people that hate the west . 
  greece is very lucky that the western world has felt sorry for them and treated them well . 
  you did not deserve it . 
  when [ the defense minister of greece says he will pave a path for isis to berlin ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11459675/greeces-defence-minister-threatens-to-send-migrants-including-jihadists-to-western-europe.html ) , and the media and foreign leaders are silent on it , you know greece is being treated with kid gloves . 
   the western world is my county 's greatest achievement . 
  so it goes without saying we do n't hate the west . 
  your country had nothing to do with it . 
  your country is barely 40 years old . 
  ancient greece was long before the modern western world and has little to do with it . 
  modern greece is not the same culture as ancient greece just the same as modern egypt is not the same culture as ancient egypt , why do you take ownership of it ? 
  it 's demonstrably true that greeks are hostile to the west and pro-russian . 
  proportionately more greeks hate the usa than lebanese , chinese & tunisians hate the usa . 
  they have by far the most favourable [ view of russia of any of the countries polled . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2014/07/pg-2014-07-09-russia-favorability-02.png ) obama has been extremely kind to greece , what is the reason for greeks ' hatred of the usa ? 
  it ca n't be the us support for the junta because even vietnam loves the usa now . 
  it is because greeks feel humiliated by their low status in the world and find ways to blame others for it instead of themselves . 
  who better to blame than the us ? 
  the right and left in greece share a lot in common - they both hate the west and [ hate jews ] ( http://global100.adl.org/#country/greece/2014 ) . 
  tsipras is an atheist and yet he lets tax payer money go to funding religion and the religion has special privileges in law . 
  greece discriminates against atheists more than any other european country i can think of . 
  what has marxism got to do with this ? 
  marxism is not anti-west . 
  economics is mainly irrelevant in global politics , every country has roughly the same regulated capitalistic system . 
  the west should be supported because it is the source of most of the good that happens in the world , economics does n't matter . 
  ** are you associated with a militia , aryan nation , nazi , kkk , or any other similar group ? 
  we do n't believe in physical violence of any kind , and the scripture does n't support racism . 
  * they preach the bible . 
  i could go up to them at a protest and tell them i fucked jesus up the ass last night and feel no fear . 
  they are more liberal and ethical than most christians . 
  they believe in predetermination and that all humans are evil and deserve to die . 
  `` if any man says he has not sinned he 's a liar . 
  i am no better than any homosexual '' . 
  they deserve respect , and it 's disgusting that countries like the uk and canada have banned them while they allow islamic terrorists in because they 're scared to be called racist . 
  it 's nothing like that . 
  the wbc have no political ambitions . 
  they are pacifists . 
  why would atheists support them , other than in their right to peacefully protest ? 
  if you do n't think there are atheists out there that hate the usa and support iran/hezbollah/hamas , then you [ should have a look at this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11749043/andrew-gilligan-jeremy-corbyn-friend-to-hamas-iran-and-extremists.html ) . 
  [ here 's another example of a useful idiot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vittorio_arrigoni ) atheist supporter of islamic terrorism . 
  you even have well known atheist entertainers like [ iain banks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iain_banks#politics ) and roger waters publicly side with terrorists and reject israel 's right to defend itself . 
  so you 'll prefer a rich atheist who supports hezbollah and hamas and hates the western world ( not too uncommon amongst atheists - look at tsipras & corbyn ) , over a poor atheist that loves the west and hates islamic terrorism ? 
  tsipras named his son after ch\u00e9 guevara , whose wikipedia page says :  guevara , who was practically the architect of the soviet-cuban relationship , [ 155 ] then played a key role in bringing to cuba the soviet nuclear-armed ballistic missiles that precipitated the cuban missile crisis in october 1962 and brought the world to the brink of nuclear war . 
  [ 156 ] a few weeks after the crisis , during an interview with the british communist newspaper the daily worker , guevara was still fuming over the perceived soviet betrayal and told correspondent sam russell that , ** if the missiles had been under cuban control , they would have fired them off . 
  ** [ 157 ] while expounding on the incident later , guevara reiterated that the cause of socialist liberation against global `` imperialist aggression '' would ultimately have been worth the possibility of `` millions of atomic war victims '' . 
  [ 158 ] the missile crisis further convinced guevara that the world 's two superpowers ( the united states and the soviet union ) used cuba as a pawn in their own global strategies . 
  afterward , he denounced the soviets almost as frequently as he denounced the americans . 
  [ 159 ] tsipras is a fool . 
  the greek 's hatred towards the western world is really shameful . 
  movies made in america are n't taxed any extra by the uk , where did you get that idea from ? 
  they pay taxes to the us , which already provides massive tax incentives , probably more than the uk . 
  if the uk had an extra tax on the consumer specifically for content made in foreign countries that would be absolutely outrageous . 
  they charge the same tax on all movies , where they are made is irrelevant . 
  when amazon sells you a dvd , the tax rate does n't depend on where the movie was produced . 
  and even if this system did exist , as a british person i 'd want american/australian/canadian films to be exempt while the rest of europe would not . 
  there 's no reason why the uk should want to subsidise the film industry in sweden and hurt it in the us . 
  you want to ban youtube , facebook , google , twitter and so on ? 
  just pull the plug on the internet all together since it was invented by the big evil america . 
  there 's a huge difference between a positive incentive to make content in a country , and fining or criminalising the production of content in another country . 
  what the eu is doing is disgustingly xenophobic . 
  if europeans want to watch content produced from around the world they should be able to . 
  it makes as much sense as having youtube block videos produced outside of europe . 
  this is the kind of thing that pakistan and china do , not civilized western countries . 
  if america tried to do something like this , and put a quota on the amount of spanish language content american websites are allowed to provide , there would be massive outrage . 
   the us has no left-wing . 
  you do n't know the definition of the word . 
  hillary will be one of the most left wing leaders in the whole world and in human history . 
  that republicans will support her in droves is because trump is batshit crazy , not because hillary is right wing . 
  i ca n't think of any current european leaders who are significantly more left wing than hillary . 
  most of them have issues where they are extremely right wing compared to her , like opposing basic rights to free speech and banning pacifist religious groups because the public hate them . 
   again bigotry has a precise definition : prejudice . 
  you just made this up . 
  there is nothing in the definition about whether people deserve it or not , that is up to each individual to have to decide . 
   if someone says he or she is a nazi , then that 's not bigotry on your part to hate them because nazi is an ideology that demands racial purity and other bullshit . 
  in your opinion racial purity is bad . 
  other people disagree . 
  where in the definition of bigotry is this decided ? 
  it 's not there . 
  i think people who oppose gay marriage are bigoted , they think i am bigoted for being anti-christian or whatever , both of us are correct about that . 
  everyone has their own interpretation . 
  if i want to argue with them , i ca n't just say `` bigotry '' and think i have won the argument . 
  i have to show why they are wrong to be christian . 
   if someone is a muslim you can not automatically assume they bad or evil or homophobes . 
  islam is an ideology , like nazism , or christianity or secularism . 
  you have a right to support or oppose them based on your own opinions . 
   there is no prejudice on my part to assume that a nazi is a hateful despicable person . 
   the is prejudice to assume that all muslims are terrorists and they dance around when there 's a terrorist attack . 
  there is prejudice to assume that all nazis are terrorists and they dance around when there 's a terrorist attack .
