  we draw many lines . 
  we can tolerate some `` extreme '' people like the westboro baptist church who never hurt anyone but simply say mean things . 
  islamist extremists should be a line for us , we should not tolerate these people . 
  the uk did n't even allow the wbc in , so why would they allow millions of muslims who are far less liberal than them in ? 
  they are pacifists who support gay rights and say they are just as sinful as gay people . 
  they actually improve gay rights in the world by making religious people look bad by association . 
  it is logically contradictory to tolerate the intolerant . 
  if you are tolerating people who believe in the death penalty for gays , and practiced that in their own nations , you are complicit in intolerance of gays . 
  how will these people impact our liberal democracies if they are allowed to vote ? 
  you probably hate the `` right wing '' politicians in your own country , but you want to invite in these people who are infinitely more right wing than any european leader ? 
  the cornerstone value of the modern western civilization is the right to defend yourself and your loved ones from evil , whether it be the evil of attempted murder or attempts to turn your nation into an islamic state . 
  failure to defend your people from evil is a value of christianity which is a faith where weakness is considered virtuous and we must reject its suicidal ideology . 
   lets collectively judge people by anecdotal evidence and statistics that you are clearly to dumb to even properly understand nor educate yourself with . 
  you are judging them too , you are assuming they are all liberals despite the evidence that the vast majority of muslims in the middle east are sectarian bigots . 
  how do you propose we judge ten million immigrants on whether they support liberal values ? 
  it 's impossible , so unfortunately we can not accept them . 
  just like you would n't accept convicted criminals even though 1-5 % of people are wrongly convicted , because you ca n't know which is which . 
   vladimir putin has said he would meet with high profile gay campaigners such as sir ian mckellan and sir elton john to discuss russia 's ban on gay `` propaganda '' . 
   he said : `` i am not prejudiced in any way ... 
  i would definitely talk to them . '', 
  [ - putin in jan 2014 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25800163 ) . 
  it seems that russia 's homophobia is just part of their culture and not something that putin personally supports . 
  like how hilary and obama were anti-gay marriage until american culture started to support it more . 
  people forget that putin is a strongly religious christian as are 80 % of russians :  first and foremost we should be governed by common sense . 
  but common sense should be based on moral principles first . 
  and it is not possible today to have morality separated from religious values . 
  you 're one of those people who would have called mitt romney anti-immigrant despite saying he wanted to accept 1 million legal immigrants a year ( more than any other country ) , and just wanted to clamp down on illegal immigration . 
  immigration is important , but you must be able to pick the people you want . 
  some people do not deserve to live in a western liberal country . 
  [ 64 % of egyptians support the death penalty for atheists ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) , should we let these people in just because egypt is not a nice country to live in compared with ours ? 
  they made their own countries , they should fix them if they have a problem instead of corrupting ours . 
  in syria they massively overpopulated their land and then experienced a drought , such stupidity should not be rewarded by us or we are encouraging huge environmental destruction . 
  the middle east and africa are going to experience much worse droughts in future caused by overpopulation and it 's their own fault . 
  it has nothing to do with money . 
  if the netherlands was flooded and uninhabitable , the rest of europe would happily absorb the people . 
  it is to do with cultural values , and the vast majority of syrian immigrants do not fit with european values such as freedom of speech , freedom of religion and freedom of sexuality . 
  the minority that are liberal and secular should be welcomed , but the rest should not . 
  people love to say `` not all muslims are terrorists '' , but opinion polls show that a majority in islamic majority countries support terrorist attacks against jews for example . 
  why do you want to welcome people like this ? 
  what kind of leftist works for iranian and russian state television ? 
  a leftist would be an ally of left wing ( secular , liberal , democratic ) regimes like israel and the usa , not right wing ones like iran and russia . 
   if he makes a concerted effort to move to the centre he might survive . 
  has n't his whole campaign and support been about him being a principled consistent person who wont flip on issues to get public support ? 
  the right to territorial integrity comes before the right to self determination . 
  if the catalans vote in favour of independence , they are welcome to make an independent state on a territory that they own . 
  currently spain owns the territory they live on , so without agreement from the rest of spain they have no right to steal it . 
  otherwise the wealthier regions of every country in europe are going to start favouring independence so that they do n't have to pay taxes to subsidise the poorer regions . 
  catalan independence is a really right wing nationalist movement that opposes equality and democracy for spain while pretending to be left wing to get support . 
  pacific is correct actually , the ocean was named after ... pacific p\u0259\u02c8s\u026af\u026ak / 1 . peaceful in character or intent . 
  `` a pacific gesture '' 2 . relating to the pacific ocean . 
  `` the pacific war '', 
   if they had radical tendencies , or were susceptible to radical ideology if ? 
  you act like the vast majority of syrians do n't support terrorist attacks against jews . 
  sinn fein should not be allowed to run terrorists for election . 
  the [ current eu mp from sinn fein is a despicable convicted terrorist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martina_anderson ) that wants to [ ethnically cleanse jews ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/opinion/international-community-failing-tackle-israels-persistent-violation-international ) . 
  are there so few people in northern ireland that there 's nobody else who can run for office than terrorists ? 
  most of the sinn fein people i found on their wikipedia page are `` former '' terrorists . 
  republicans should have a sensible party like fine gael that they can vote for , and unionists should be voting for parties like conservative/labor/libdem rather than the extremist dup . 
   people would do better to look at the countries that actually caused the mess in iraq but do nothing for their refugees right now . 
  and yes , i 'm directly looking at you usa and britain . 
  the usa gave iraqis a chance for a liberal democracy , but they could n't take it and preferred to blow each other up . 
  you ca n't comprehend that underprivileged muslims could have the power to cause any problems , so you blame it all on the west instead . 
  if iran had n't spread terror throughout the region maybe iraq could have had a stable democracy . 
  what good would that do ? 
  the saudi royal family is actually more liberal than the saudi people are and has to be very careful about the changes they make . 
  the current king 's brother was assassinated for introducing televisions to the kingdom . 
  so bush would have had to kill all of the saudi people for things to get better , what kind of monster would that have made him ? 
  saudi arabia maintains peace and stability in the region and it is better for the world if we keep them as an ally . 
  iran is spreading terror in iraq , syria , lebanon , palestine and yemen and yet there is no talk of invading them , we 've instead just given them a $ 150b boost to spread more terror . 
  iraq was weak and saddam had no allies left in the region so it 's not comparable to saudi arabia or iran which have powerful militaries and influence . 
  china could break up into 60,000 different states that would all have a greater population than palau . 
  the plo [ continues to deny it ] ( http://palwatch.org/main.aspx?fi=433 ) in their media . 
  they say something different to the international media . 
  show me where he has talked to the side he disagrees with here . 
  he only talks to the palestinians . 
  he 's not promoting peace , he 's discouraging it . 
  northern ireland is not comparable , he was an ira supporter and the actual political leaders are the ones that get to talk to the enemy . 
  he is n't a political leader , he 's a leader of a minority party that has no power to negotiate anything . 
  obama and the eu get to go negotiate with iran . 
  corbyn goes and works for their propaganda television channel , and gives speeches in favour of their theocratic leader . 
  there 's a huge difference between those . 
   `` he has met many people with whom he profoundly disagrees in order to promote peace and reconciliation processes , including in south africa , latin american , ireland and the middle east . 
  i ca n't find a single example of him meeting with jewish israeli politicians . 
  it 's obvious he 's meeting with people he likes and using minor disagreements with them as a justification . 
  it 's very interesting that everyone he meets with share his hatred of the western world . 
  he 's also not in a position to represent the uk or take part in negotiations , so what kind of `` talks '' is he doing ? 
  he 's not being a journalist and publishing information . 
  he 's not negotiating peace . 
  he 's clearly meeting people to give them support . 
   netanyahu is actively working against a two-state solution right now ( note that i did n't say anything about the palestinian efforts here ) . 
  he has constantly invited abbas for negotiations , and he was willing to make a very reasonable deal a few years ago , that john kerry and obama backed , but instead abbas abruptly pulled out of the negotiations and formed a unity government with hamas . 
  netanyahu had just before released 400 convicted terrorists * just * to have abbas come to the negotiations at all . 
  here 's what netanyahu said about the `` surge '' of settlement growth : * in my first term in office , we built an average of 3,000 units annually in judea and samaria . 
  in barak 's single year , he built 5,000 . 
  in sharon , it was down to 1,900 . 
  in olmert , it was down to 1,700 . 
  and given the circumstances , in my successive terms it 's down to 1,500 . 
  there are reasons for that . 
  we can discuss that some other time but facts are facts . 
  these numbers are exact .
