  human rights should be things that should still apply even if you are alone on a spaceship . 
  the right to your own body , the right to freedom of expression and the right to not be a slave for example . 
  they should n't be services provided to you by other people . 
  things like the right to education ( a privilege rich countries can afford to provide ) makes them lose the original intention of rights that are universal . 
  most human rights are very ambiguous and up to interpretation . 
  the right to not be tortured sounds good , but it has [ obvious moral exceptions ] ( http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/torture/ ) and depending how broadly you define torture ( the un considers solitary confinement torture ) then it becomes commonplace . 
  every country is violating human rights on a daily basis and there 's no power of outrage in saying someone has had their human rights violated . 
  they 've become a joke . 
  human rights groups sound like such a noble idea , but they often end up supporting terrorism and use human rights as a cover for it . 
  i think he means contiguous . 
  [ maybe you should n't respect them so much ] ( http://www.ngo-monitor.org/ngos/medecins_sans_frontieres_doctors_without_borders_/ ) . 
  this is par for the course , they side with the `` oppressed '' , even if they are terrorists and deserve to be oppressed . 
  [ they have run art shows glorifying terrorists ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/paris-rejects-jewish-call-to-block-exhibit-that-glorifies-palestinian-terrorism/ ) , referring to them as `` icons symbolizing the struggle of the palestinian people against the israeli occupation . '', 
   its actually down in 2016 did i say it was up in 2016 ? 
  are you a climate change denier ? 
  if you accept climate change , it is a certainty there will be a huge increase in refugees to europe in the near future . 
  it would be unfair of us to have open borders now , when the arabs created their own problems by being unable to live in peace , but close our borders for climate change which is much more the west 's fault . 
   funny how you seem to know of hundreds of millions of people what values they have . 
  i do n't know individual values . 
  i know as a whole what their values are . 
  what they are teaching in the schools , what laws they favour and what they think of the western world . 
  i know that arabs widely celebrate when jews are murdered . 
   if the uk culture cant handle a couple of thousands of refugees , its already lost . 
  every little bit damages us . 
  the opposition leader in the uk right now is a supporter of hezbollah and hamas . 
  islamist immigrants are more likely to support him and it could totally change our government . 
  we would go from having an extremely pro-west government to having a pro-russia/iran government . 
   if some states that they want the holocaust again , it does not mean that everyone wants it . 
  i said the vast majority . 
  obviously a small percentage of refugees are decent liberal people and we should welcome them . 
  germany is not selecting them though , it 's letting anyone in . 
   moreover germany has a population of 80 + million , since when a minority governs over the majority ? 
  there are also many germans who share their anti-semitism , and along with them they can become a majority in the near future . 
  muslims in germany have a much larger number of children and it is inevitable . 
  [ already 48 % of germans falsely believe israel is committing genocide against palestinians ] ( http://www.jpost.com/international/47-percent-of-germans-think-israel-exterminating-palestinians ) . 
  it 's very clear that the german people are much more anti-semitic than their government . 
  you only need to look at the uk , where the 2nd largest party is now full of anti-semites who hate the state of israel above every other country and actively support hezbollah and hamas . 
  a very small percentage increase in immigration to the uk might swing the political balance and turn the uk into a terrorist supporting state . 
  it does n't matter what race immigrants are , it matters what their beliefs are . 
  people who believe in killing jews do not belong in europe . 
   it is likely that many of them do not give a shit about jews as long as they have a good life . 
  not very many at all . 
  hating the jews is a core part of the arab identity . 
  the whole of europe did get more than that in a year . 
  and it will be growing . 
  maybe not this year , but climate change is going to have a massive impact on africa , the middle east and asia in the very near future and many of the countries there are massively overpopulating their land already knowing they can send off any excess to europe . 
  europe is a place for liberal values and if they do n't share our values they should not be welcomed . 
   easily manageable for the uk of course it 's not a question of whether we can manage it . 
  it 's a question of whether we want to keep our values or become an islamic state . 
  we have never experienced millions of `` refugees '' wanting to come to our country . 
  countries that have done , have put them in camps . 
  there are millions of palestinian `` refugees '' in camps in jordan and lebanon to this day . 
   this would also mean that the lib dems would finally get a large number of seats , but also the greens and other small parties would get a decent representation also . 
  why would lib dems get more seats ? 
  they might get less for all you know . 
  greens are extremely unpopular and they do not deserve to have representation . 
  people do n't even support the party 's actual policies , they just vote based on the name wrongly assuming it 's an environmentalist party when they actually have extremely anti-environment policies ( anti-nuclear , anti-gmo , pro-massive expansion of urban sprawl to give free houses to poor people , i 'm sure there are many more examples ) . 
   why should we keep out smaller parties ? 
  that is a ridiculous argument - that is , if you actually value a true democracy , and not a neutered one . 
  because a party that gets 5 % of the vote does not deserve to be in government . 
  in israel the orthodox party has the ministry of health , they have real power even though the vast majority of people are strongly opposed to their beliefs . 
  i 'm not cherry picking them , they 're just a well known country with proportional representation . 
  in greece with proportional representation syriza ( extreme left ) had to form a coalition with anel ( extreme right ) . 
  they had to give important jobs like defence minister to anel , the defence minister then said : `` if europe leaves us in the crisis , we will flood it with migrants , and it will be even worse for berlin if in that wave of millions of economic migrants there will be some jihadists of the islamic state too '' . 
  multi party proportional representation creates weak governments that have to call for new elections every 1 or 2 years . 
  a british style system would not create shitty governments like this . 
  the dup are a christian fundamentalist party and the vast majority of people in the uk do not want them anywhere near a government . 
  but they would be in it right now with your system . 
  it encourages extremism . 
  the 2 party system encourages 2 moderate parties to compete against each other towards the center , and gives you the government that the average person deserves . 
  multiparty system does not and is a much greater risk . 
   i 'm not misleading anyone - just saying that a minority of the country got to indirectly decide 100 % of who runs the government for 5 years . 
  pointing out the turnout reduces the conservatives ' vote share even more you are because you 're ignoring that it 's the same in every democracy . 
  the conservatives got a higher percentage of votes than almost every other leading european party that i checked . 
  most get around 20 % . 
  they then have to form crappy coalitions that nobody voted for . 
  if the option was given for the public to vote for who they want in the governing coalition it would be different , but they do n't get that option . 
  how are the wars caused by israel ? 
  iraq decided to invade another country , and it 's that country 's fault ? 
   what i see is that iraq could have celebrated 20 years of peace this year if not for us/uk imperialism . 
  and there would be no daech , and way less refugees in europe . 
  you 're extremely ignorant . 
  saddam killed more people per day than died under us occupation . 
  iraq was always a violent and sectarian country and isis would still exist and be even stronger without the western military fight against them . 
  just because isis came after the war in iraq does n't mean it was created by it . 
  islamic terrorism existed before and after and is not caused by western foreign policy . 
  do you think the 75 % of people who did n't vote for the tories agree exactly with all of your political opinions ? 
  they are not a united anti-tory party . 
  many of them would have tories as their second choice ahead of the 2nd largest party . 
  this is how it works when you have more than 2 parties . 
  a coalition of ukip/tory/dup would have 51 % of the votes . 
  they would actually likely have more if we did n't have to vote for a regional representative , since they do n't bother to run in a lot of regions where they would n't stand a chance . 
  they could still get 10-20 % of the vote there . 
  can you name a european country where more than 50 % of the people voted for the government ? 
  30 % of german 's eligible to vote voted for merkel 's party . 
  only 23 % voted for hollande . 
  27 % voted for the swedish prime minister . 
  20 % voted for the spanish prime minister . 
  16 % voted for the greek prime minister . 
  22 % for the italian prime minister .
