  that 's the very nature of a nation , your citizens come before foreigners . 
  we absolutely retain a right to criticise erdogan even if we do n't have open borders with the middle east . 
  your ignorant bleeding heart view will destroy europe and make it unsafe to be an atheist or jewish or gay again . 
   why do all lefties love putin ? 
  he is a right wing autocrat . 
  because to leftists the us is the great satan , so naturally that means iran , venezuela , cuba and russia must be great . 
  the king of greece was removed via referendum in 1974 , but is still alive and living in a small town in greece after being exiled to the uk for many years . 
  the greek royal family are descendants of queen victoria and christian ix of denmark ( as are many other european royals ) , and were chosen via referendum multiple times in the 18 and 1900s . 
  the king of greece 's great aunt sheltered jewish refugees during the holocaust . 
  greece 's second largest city [ used to be majority jewish ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/saloniki_population_graph.png ) but most were killed by the nazis . 
  the current prime minister of greece is a radical leftist who named his son after ch\u00e9 guevara , who openly wanted to nuke the usa and hated the ussr for not doing it . 
   songs of pure excellence that stand as current reference despite their age please provide some examples !, 
  there 's an instrument in some greek music that sounds a lot like a bagpipe . 
  [ it 's in this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trsrivpzmqk ) . 
  would love to hear more with it , it 's really marvellous . 
   its reformability and development how can the eu reform when 0.1 % of the eu population has veto power ? 
  the other methods for voting include a majority of member states ( which can be as little as 10 % of the population ) , and qualified majority ( where 70 % of the population can fail to make a qualified majority ) . 
  eu is fundamentally restrictive of reform and extremely inefficient at making progress , and that 's by deliberate design . 
  no nation would want to be a part of the eu if it just needed a simple majority of the population , as they would be at risk of being screwed over with no way to stop it . 
  there is no possibility of reform ever being passed . 
  the eu has been doomed to fail from the start . 
  the only reason the eu worked at all was because the members had roughly the same political ideologies . 
  but that changed when greece elected the radical left and threatened to send millions of migrants into europe as revenge for their economic crisis . 
  why would you want to be in a union with a country like that , where they have veto power over you ? 
  and it will change more greatly in the future . 
  why would you want to be in the eu when a single country can pass freedom of movement to all of the middle east and north africa ? 
  if he explained what was wrong with the eu ( undemocratic , 1 tiny nation can veto what all the rest want , huge risk allowing unlimited immigration , etc ) then he would have started a discussion . 
  as it is , he did not contribute to discussion here and that is the most appropriate time to downvote . 
   if anything freedom of travel ... is rightwing . 
  absolutely not . 
  restricting travel is very typically right wing . 
  freedom of travel is left wing . 
  left wing is about equality , and that includes equal right to travel . 
  i suppose you think the ussr was left wing even though it was one of the most extreme right wing states in history ? 
  and that 's a disgrace . 
  it creates a swing towards conservative parties as people are subconsciously influenced by their surroundings . 
  i personally wont vote at all if it 's in a church as i do n't feel comfortable entering one . 
  choice of polling location is one of numerous ways for people to rig elections in a democracy . 
  they would n't get that approval . 
  many countries would want to leave the eu if it meant open borders with turkey . 
  greece for 1 . 
  60 % of people in muslim countries support the execution of non-muslims . 
  what % of christians do you think support the execution of non-christians ? 
  you have no argument at all . 
  just love falsely accusing people of racism due to your ignorance . 
   valleyshrew does n't realize it , but it 's because he only really thinks of white people as people . 
  where did race come into it ? 
  i talked about beliefs . 
  i do n't care what race an immigrant is , i care what their beliefs are . 
  if a non-white person has liberal values i much prefer them over a white person that wants a second holocaust . 
  do n't you ? 
  if so , you are discriminating against the white person because of their beliefs . 
  not only trump would agree . 
  the uk and canada have both banned the westboro baptist church from entering their countries due to their homophobia and anti-semitism . 
  if we can ban liberal pacifist christian preachers who won awards for fighting against racism , why ca n't we ban nazis and islamists ? 
  so you refuse to respond to the majority of my post ? 
  please tell me , do you support the eu letting in all countries ? 
  if not , you are a nationalist who is too ignorant to admit it . 
  i asked a question , did n't assume i was certain in my assumption . 
  it 's not pettiness . 
  muslims can reform , it will just take more time . 
  i hate islam , but there is no other option . 
  muslims will dominate the world in future and there is nothing we can do about that aside from genocide , so the only thing we can actually do is encourage reform . 
  almost no christians support the pacifism of jesus . 
  jehovah 's witnesses being one of the only ones . 
  all ~ 120 christian countries support self defense , and disagree with jesus on it . 
  so it seems that being a christian is n't much of a barrier to violence . 
  even the pope , despite saying `` christianity requires the renunciation of all violence '' and `` forgiveness is necessary in all circumstances even domestic abuse '' , said he would punch his friend in the face if he insulted his mother . 
  opposing self defense is not at all virtuous . 
  that means getting rid of your police force , and not intervening to stop vulnerable people being dominated by evil people . 
  self defense is not aggression . 
  do you support the right to self defense ? 
  if so , you disagree with jesus . 
  the context of turn the other cheek is `` do not resist an evil person '' . 
   north of ireland donegal ? 
   they are really non-violent violence against property can be worse than violence against people . 
  if the us bombed a hospital in afghanistan , even if there was nobody inside , it could still be a major war crime way worse than killing a couple of innocent people . 
   even as a non-christian i fully approve of jesus , try to explain where he is particularly misleading please ? 
  `` do not resist an evil person [ but turn the other cheek ] '' . 
  do you support the existence of a police force and the right to self defense ? 
  if so , you 're against jesus . 
  hell even the command `` do unto others as you would have them do unto you '' is infantile and totally wrong . 
  relationships are not all equal and should n't be , and it allows for people to justify rape by it . 
  except islam is very pro-slavery , and all the muslim countries have outlawed slavery , so clearly some reform is allowed . 
  the answer is not obvious . 
  jesus encourages suffering and praises weakness . 
  he encourages self harm and letting people hurt you . 
  that 's not virtue to modern moral thinking . 
  being powerful so you can protect others is a virtue , and at least muhammad supported self defense . 
  do n't forget pacifist . 
  jesus says if an evil person comes to kill you , you are not to resist . 
  greece already had stringent border controls . 
  syriza removed them in 2015 to take revenge on europe for their economic crisis . 
  because people who support the union often identify as northern irish , just as people in england identify as english rather than british . 
  how is it inevitable ? 
  by that logic , is ireland rejoining the uk inevitable ? 
  you mean in northern ireland . 
  ireland is a country . 
  you never have any rational arguments , just insults . 
  if you think nationalism is a cancer , surely you want the eu to tomorrow let in all nations since they all must be equal ?
