  north korea or the vatican probably have fewer . 
  the poll does n't ask `` do you hate this nation and want to kill them all '' . 
  an unfavourable opinion is not necessarily such a strong thing . 
  30 % of canadians have an unfavourable opinion of the us , but it 's obviously just moderate dislike . 
  working hard does n't mean it has to be at a job . 
  they can work hard in studying the qu ` ran for 16 hours a day . 
  it 's not `` emotions for people '' in this case . 
  he was raised by atheists and he does n't hate gays or jews . 
  he 's one of the tiny minority of syrians that can fit in well into western society . 
  of course we have to have a quota for people like that since there are hundreds of millions of great foreigners around the world and we ca n't let them all in , but we can certainly afford to let in some , assimilate them , and then let in some more . 
   i maintain that the only people who should stay are orphans that seems much more of an emotional argument . 
  orphans can have fully developed islamist views that are incompatible with western society , but you 'll accept them over a secular liberal kurd ? 
  they can send a hundred million children on their own into europe and you will accept them all ? 
  i do n't like to discriminate based on things like age , which a person did n't choose . 
  a 30 year old deserves just as much chance as a 15 year old . 
   syria will need rebuilding , it ca n't rebuild when it 's best people and kids are in europe . 
  the syrian people have to rebuild syria themselves . 
  nice sentiment but it 's not going to happen . 
  syria , iran , afghanistan are forever lost from what they once were . 
  hardcore islamic values are too evolutionarily successful . 
  every country is becoming more islamic , none are becoming less . 
  it 's a strong trend , muslims chase out non-muslims from their countries ( e.g. 
  istanbul was minority muslim in 1920 with lots of christians & jews , now it 's 99 % muslim ) , but non-muslims welcome muslims to theirs . 
  [ would you let this guy stay ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3kos3j/iama_syrian_immigrant_in_germany_ama/ ) ? 
  saddam 's invasion of kuwait was never called an islamic holy war . 
  there is no double standard here . 
  islamic terrorists are largely motivated by religion so it is relevant to define them by it . 
  christian countries all ignore the basic values of their religion . 
  even so , there are conflicts where the actions are attributed to christianity , such as in northern ireland , even though the terrorists there are n't motivated by religion . 
  the ira did n't listen to the pope who condemned them and told them to turn from violence . 
  proportional representation would mean a coalition with conservatives , ukip and the dup - two much more right wing parties . 
  would you really prefer that ? 
  you ca n't really extrapolate to another system since the voting patterns would change if it was proportionate . 
  the conservatives do n't need to win a lot of votes in the current system so their tactics are n't to win a lot of votes but to win a lot of seats . 
  lots of people live in a safe seat area and do n't bother voting for the opposition so the vote totals in the current system are not representative of the true votes . 
  i 'm sure a lot of scottish people would vote for conservatives , but in the current system they had to tactically pick between labour and the snp . 
  muslims are probably more charitable than christians ( it 's mandatory in islam ) , they work hard , value honour and family and so on . 
  here 's a more detailed list of christian values : give up all your money , do n't defend yourself from violence , forgive criminals if they repent , do n't ever seek revenge , love your enemies , condemn the sin but not the sinner , pay your taxes , looking at another woman lustfully is adultery , do n't be vain , do n't be a liar or a hypocrite , do n't judge by appearance but judge righteously . 
  i do n't think any christian nation lives by all those values . 
  even hardcore christians do n't mind a bit of vanity or self defense . 
  i 'd prefer if he said britain must proudly defend it 's secular liberal values . 
  we did n't get women 's suffrage or gay rights from our christian values . 
  the most important liberal value is to strive to improve on the values of the past . 
  do you think those in northern ireland who identify as british are interested in irish language , culture and history ? 
  irish ethnicity pretty much means you are catholic . 
   they are taliban levels of fundamentalism , they just do n't really have the opportunity to get violent about it . 
  `` we do n't believe in physical violence of any kind , and the scripture does n't support racism . '', 
  `` all have sinned and come short of the glory of god , and if any man says he has not sinned he 's a liar . 
  i am no better than any homosexual . '', 
  `` if [ a gay teacher ] could and would go about their business in a professional , mature and responsible manner it would never be a problem with their conduct . '', 
  * what would you do if a homosexual attended your church ? 
  * `` we would share the gospel ( good news ) with them , and we would treat them like we would treat any other person on this earth . 
  we would treat them with kindness , and follow those scriptural injunctions that require that we preach the gospel to every creature . '', 
  calling them the taliban is ignorant . 
  as a gay atheist you could go up to them in public and know they are completely harmless . 
  [ watch this to see their logic ] ( https://youtu.be/lqwe6yhbnko?t=102 ) , they think everyone who dies is at the hands of an angry god and they have to celebrate it . 
  there are no innocent people . 
  so you believe if the us had n't invaded iraq , there would be no conflict in the middle east ? 
  if anything it is obama leaving iraq that led to the massively increased terrorism . 
  the us was not there killing random innocents , it was there holding back the terrorists and protecting the people , and now they 've left the people are no longer safe . 
  somehow people still find a way to blame the us for all the world 's problems ... 
  what about copyright infringement , false advertising , obscenity ( e.g. 
  child porn ) and slander ? 
  i tend to side with free speech but there are obvious limits . 
  that the westboro baptist church ( more liberal than vast majority of muslims ) are banned from the uk is a sad statement on how inconsistent the uk is about freedom of speech . 
  they will basically go with popular public opinion rather than rules . 
  the likes of george galloway and jeremy corbyn should be banned before the wbc , since they actually encourage support for terrorists while the wbc are pacifists . 
  muslims do n't believe jesus was crucified though , and easter is a celebration of the crucifixion . 
  jews and christians are tolerated in islam because they are older than islam and have n't inherently rejected muhammad . 
  ahmadiyya are not tolerated though , because they worship a new messiah that is not accepted by other muslims and are considered apostates . 
   read a little about who saved the jews of zakynthos during the german occupation in wwii . 
  it 's perfectly possible for christians to love jews but hate muslims and gays . 
  look at the republican party for an example . 
  saving jews during the holocaust does not mean you 're not anti-semitic . 
  dostoyevsky advocated for legal equality for jews even though he was openly anti-semitic in his writings . 
  yeah i 'll take a decent person who is a christian like obama , over a terrorist supporter who is an atheist like michael d higgins . 
  these terms are not on the same scale . 
  you can be an agnostic christian or an agnostic atheist . 
  the inclusion of agnostic makes the data less useful . 
  is it assumed that the agnostics are all actually atheists that do n't feel comfortable using the term atheism ? 
  opinion polls showed something like 80 % of germans supported the immigration policy , so i do n't think it 's fair of foreigners to scapegoat merkel for it . 
  it feels good to have 1 person to blame for everything , and feels almost racist to instead blame the german people for it but that 's how democracy works . 
  people are responsible for their government . 
   it offered autonomy for 26 of 32 counties , not all of them . 
  that was the problem . 
  if autonomy should be extended to 32 counties rather than just 26 , why not extend it to the whole of the uk ? 
  is n't that more democratic ? 
  then you 'd have a united ireland under british rule . 
  that he 's guilty does n't mean it was right to put him in guantanamo . 
  if the us wanted to arrest all guilty terrorists they 'd have to put tens of millions in jail . 
  there must be an exceptional reason for detaining them beyond what is just a normal part of their culture . 
  26.9 % of us gdp is taxes . 
  it 's 30.8 % in ireland . 
  not that much of a difference . 
  the uk is 39 % for comparison , quite a lot higher . 
  [ source here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_revenue_as_percentage_of_gdp ) though i would n't be surprised if it 's wrong . 
   you really do n't see the problem with a bunch of americans [ there are n't many americans in israel . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_israel#jews ) there are 149,200 from usa , canada , australia & new zealand combined . 
  there are almost a million from africa and over 600k from asia . 
  [ arabs are also from various countries ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cibhkgnnejk ) .
