  whataboutery . 
  we can be bothered by both things , but we have the power to change immigration from outside the eu whenever we want . 
  we have no one to blame but ourselves for it . 
  to change eu immigration , which lately includes open borders with most of the middle east , we can not do anything except leave the eu . 
  i do n't get why it 's just fine to jail homegrown nazi supporters , but european leaders do n't have a problem with importing a million syrians , who largely have similar views to the nazis . 
  these people have as much right to vote as anyone else , and they will be the majority of the country in the near future . 
  being tolerant is impossible in the long term . 
  human rights are self defeating . 
  it is why the pacifist branch of christianity ( which is what jesus preached ) all but died out , because it can not survive to replicate itself . 
  it 's not children only , you can pass your assets to whoever you want . 
  the government taking all of your assets after your death would be ridiculous . 
  not sure why you 're on the fence . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  vegans on average have healthier diets than the average meat eater . 
  a well crafted meat based diet would be healthier , but most people eat junk . 
  if you want to criminalise imposing a vegan diet on your children , you should make junk food illegal and jail obese people too or you are not being consistent . 
  you are discriminating against vegans with a double standard . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  most parents feed their kids junk , having some meat in it does n't mean it 's healthy . 
  did you forget the first post ? 
  we do not give legal rights to foreigners . 
  syrians have no right to vote in our elections . 
  given their beliefs are generally incompatible with western civilization , we should not be allowing many to immigrate without extreme vetting . 
  you then implied we can only deny immigration to those who have been convicted of crimes in syria . 
  i strongly disagree , we can also deny those who are guilty of `` thought crimes '' . 
  denying them entry to our country is not the same as imprisoning them . 
  the uk has banned the westboro baptist church from entering the country , despite them being vastly more liberal than the average syrian . 
  but political correctness means we ca n't be consistent in our immigration policy . 
  we can strongly discriminate against christians and no one cares , but discriminate against syrians and it 's racism against an oppressed people . 
   i thought we were talking about giving people the right to vote ? 
  since when are we giving the right to vote to foreign criminals ? 
  beliefs are n't crimes . 
  most people from syria believe in all sorts of horrible things , but they have n't been jailed for it . 
  that does n't mean giving them the right to vote in the uk is acceptable . 
  save them and keep them in massive camps with poor living conditions and deprived of rights . 
  that 's what arab countries do . 
  no because taking citizenship away is unacceptable , but not giving citizenship to foreigners is completely acceptable and every country denies citizenship to foreigners . 
  i agree with you liberal does n't mean anything on its own but everyone knows the sort of thing i mean by it here on reddit . 
  the kind of people that do n't want to decapitate cartoonists or throw gays off roof tops . 
  it 's not a key point at all . 
  it 's totally irrelevant . 
  what matters is whether the refugees support liberal values that will make them compatible with the western world . 
  if they do not , it does not matter if they are fleeing oppression . 
  every member of isis can legitimately claim to be fleeing from oppression , and everyone in the entire middle east outside of maybe israel can legitimately claim that too . 
  left wing is about equality . 
  people think this is a far left thing to do , but actually it 's a right wing thing to do . 
  not that left/right mean much anyway . 
  the worst thing about this is that people think terrorism is the only problem . 
  the real problem is giving the right to vote to millions of the most right wing illiberal peoples on the planet . 
  european liberal democracies can not survive this . 
  these values you talk about are self defeating though . 
  if we want to retain such values , we need to have closed borders and not let in millions of the world 's most illiberal peoples . 
  why would he want a visa free agreement , would n't that lead to massive emigration of intellectuals ? 
  you only avoid it very temporarily . 
  the million refugees in germany can have citizenship in 8 years time or perhaps less if the laws are changed , and then they will be free to move anywhere in the eu . 
  certainly if europe continues accepting refugees then the numbers will keep increasing and their birth rates are much higher . 
  global warming will devastate the middle east and north africa within 50 years . 
  today almost 50 % of the people in some of the countries are under 18 years old , and their populations are continuing to grow exponentially . 
  there will be at least half a billion wanting to enter europe , do you think europe will have the balls to keep them out ? 
  you make great points and i have nothing more to add . 
  why stay in turkey when they can turn holland into a new islamic society in ~ 50 years . 
  the west cared very much about iraq , it dominated the news coverage for over a decade and both those for and against the war wanted a stable peaceful iraq . 
  it 's a pity iraqis did n't . 
  christianity does n't approve of fighting evil , it says let evil win because it is a blessing to suffer and be persecuted . 
  but ireland itself is a gerrymandered entity . 
  you ca n't just demand the border be the whole island , that 's arbitrary . 
  an island does n't automatically have to be a single country . 
  the local district councils were also arbitrarily mapped out . 
  you 'd end up with a completely infeasible [ spotty territory ] ( http://i.imgur.com/srxkusy.png ) if you excluded nationalist areas . 
  [ something like the red areas of this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b7/religion_or_religion_brought_up_in_northern_ireland_census_2011.png/1280px-religion_or_religion_brought_up_in_northern_ireland_census_2011.png ) - you think that would be a fairer border ? 
  east germany was in significant need of help so west german 's felt very sympathetic towards them . 
  if the british were oppressing the northern irish then sure , the irish would feel good to make some tax sacrifice to get a united ireland but they do n't need help as is . 
   if you had to ask me why most unionists voted to leave despite our region getting , by far , the most subsidies from the european union , i could n't tell you . 
  because of the refugee crisis obviously . 
  that was the only real reason to vote leave . 
  so we do n't have to accept an islamic invasion just because some other eu country decides to accept it . 
  find me articles that paint a dark picture of hillary . 
  i do n't think you read the article , i do n't see how you could defend it . 
  i 'm very interested in reading negatives about hillary . 
  so far what i 've read is not very significant . 
  she hid her emails because she wanted privacy , not that big a deal . 
  all of the supposed scandals have reasonable explanations . 
  what you will never find is that hillary lied about writing her autobiography , and someone else wrote it for her entirely , and she 's never read a book in her adult life . 
  sorry but you should not be president if you never read books . 
  trump is totally ignorant of politics and that is far more dangerous than a little corruption . 
  the actual impact on the country of hillary 's corruption will be very very small . 
  would you rather have putin or hillary ? 
  that 's basically the option you have this election . 
  do n't british white people do the same ? 
  i identify far more with american culture than british . 
  they produce superior entertainment and their politics is much more interesting and significant to the world . 
  [ he was ashamed of his german heritage and pretended to be swedish ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/03/25/donald-trump-even-lies-about-being-swedish-he-s-actually-german.html ) . 
  and he has the gall to call elizabeth warren pocahontas . 
  [ have you read this ? 
  ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/07/25/donald-trumps-ghostwriter-tells-all ) i do n't know how you could continue supporting trump afterwards . 
  he 's not a good businessman , he 's not intelligent , he lies about everything , he massively exaggerates his achievements and he 's dangerously ignorant about basic elements of global politics . 
  yeah it 's weird that hillary supports illegal immigration , but that 's just one issue . 
  obama has clearly been great for the economy and hillary will be more of the same . 
  trump would be an absolute disaster . 
  he 's not interested in doing hard work , he 's certainly not interested in informing himself in depth about anything .
