  60 % of palestinians support the death penalty for atheists , and it 's likely similar or higher in other countries where the refugees come from . 
  how has sweden managed to exclude these people , who are the majority , when it does n't do any vetting and simply has an open border for anyone to come who can make it ? 
  the us , which does have heavy vetting , muslims made up the majority of refugees , and from syria in particular they were 99 % of the refugees . 
  sweden received a * lot * of syrians . 
   another myth he destroys is that immigrants `` hate sweden '' . 
  in fact , most surveys show that they are quite patriotic , often more than native sweden . 
  of course this is wrecking the `` they come to us to destroy us '' meme which many want to push . 
  it does n't wreck that `` meme '' though , because when people say `` destroy us '' , they mean western values not terrorism . 
  the refugees love sweden because it is a country that is ashamed of its own culture , so they do n't have to put away their islamist views when they get there , sweden will be very tolerant towards it . 
  they can relate strongly with sweden 's hatred of israel . 
   many of these riots are not islam-related etc etc yeah it 's not related to islam when they have riots in malmo about wanting to kill jews , because the non-muslim swedes agree with them on that and think israel should be destroyed too . 
  there is a huge difference between the potential threat and the likely threat . 
  the us could destroy the world , but it obviously does n't want to . 
  i guess many people thought of the question as `` who will start world war 3 '' , but i view it more as `` who does the most to reduce peace in the world '' . 
  iran is much more likely to be fueling conflicts around the world , which the us is trying to stop , so they are a much larger actual threat to peace in the world . 
  russia is n't going to start any more wars anywhere . 
  ukraine is a one off . 
  they wont be invading finland or turkey . 
  iran on the other hand , has been meddling in multiple countries , fueling conflicts in iraq , syria , yemen , afghanistan and many others . 
  without iran 's evil influence , the world would be a much more peaceful place . 
  the iraq war would have ended successfully . 
  without the us influence , the world would be much less peaceful , and russia barely makes a difference to world peace . 
  it does n't mean they are a threat to us , it means they are the most likely cause of wars in other parts of the world and that 's basically indisputable . 
  people only say the us because it has more power , but with great power comes great restraint . 
  the us is not interested in starting wars , it 's interested in ending them and bringing peace and stability to the whole world . 
  iran is the primary destabiliser in the middle east . 
  syria , iraq , afghanistan , yemen , it 's all caused by iran . 
  if iran had stayed out of other countries , iraq would have turned into a peaceful stable democracy . 
  iran was the main funder of those killing us troops in iraq , and turned iraq into another shia theocracy which inevitably meant the sunni iraqis would rebel . 
  iran is the primary state funder of terrorism in the world and has for decades been seeking nuclear weapons . 
  the current president of iran was the head of their nuclear program in the past and boasted about misleading the world . 
  there is no country of greater threat to peace than iran . 
  pakistan is possibly a larger potential threat , but their threat has n't actually materialised in the world yet like iran 's . 
  the arab countries get along ok with israel , it 's iran that has been the cause of all wars involving israel since the 80s . 
  we would have had peace there , and an independent palestinian state , if not for iran 's funding of hamas and hezbollah . 
   apparently deposing a democratically elected government the prime minister literally rigged multiple elections and indefinitely suspended parliament , giving himself power to pass any law . 
  he resigned his original democratic post , and was re-appointed by the shah . 
  iran had been plunged deeply into poverty with his disastrous policies . 
  after he was legally removed by written decree , the shah appointed a new pm from the parliament , just like he had re-appointed mosaddegh after his resignation . 
  how do you view the former as undemocratic but the latter as democratic ? 
  iran became more of a democracy after his removal , that 's a fact . 
  it also experienced incredible economic growth and development , and iran never had better civil liberties than in the period after mosaddegh 's legal removal . 
   remember everyone , when the yanks remove your democratically elected government , that you can not fight back it was 26 years earlier , and the ayatollahs had hated secularist mosaddegh . 
  in no way was the iranian revolution caused by the removal of that corrupt election rigging socialist who destroyed iran 's economy . 
  you just want to find some reason to blame america for all of the problems in the world . 
  iran has to take the responsibility for their own evil country . 
  he did more to deserve it than most past winners . 
  he made a great speech in cairo and made a deal with russia to lower the number of weapons each state had . 
  what did malala yousafzai do to deserve hers ? 
  get shot by the taliban ? 
  how does that deserve a peace prize ? 
  and after it happened , she discouraged other people from defending themselves and said that using violence to defend yourself from a taliban murderer makes you just as bad as him . 
  she said that soldiers have never ended a war so it 's wrong to send soldiers to syria and the usa should instead send teachers to defeat isis . 
  people actually applaud the stupid things she says , it 's unbelievable . 
  look at people like yasser arafat and mairead maguire who did nothing for peace and actually were supporting terrorism . 
  few people complain about them getting the peace prize . 
  people just love to complain about obama getting it because more is expected from a us president . 
  that 's not being objective though . 
  the us president indeed does more for peace than anyone else on the planet , so why should n't they win the award ? 
   extremely qualified people you think ben carson is qualified or betsy devos ? 
  many of his cabinet are qualified , but many are n't . 
  obama 's were without exception all highly qualified . 
   that 's the second time you claim iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world in this thread . 
  any sources on that or are you just repeating the phrase ? 
  what other state is a large sponsor of terrorism ? 
  there is n't one now that saddam and gaddafi are gone . 
  maybe pakistan but it 's nowhere near as bad as iran . 
  saudi arabia is n't a large state sponsor , it has rich individuals that fund terrorism not the regime itself . 
  the regime is an ally of the west and does n't want to destroy us like iran does . 
  a very powerful bargaining chip . 
  iran would be able to bully any other countries to get what they want . 
  they would have control over the world 's biggest shipping route , the strait of hormuz . 
  they would destroy any stability in the region by forcing the arab countries to also seek nukes . 
  saudi arabia basically has a deal that if iran gets nuclear weapons then pakistan will help them get them too . 
  pakistan also helped north korea get them in the past . 
  and it 's foolish to say iran would never use its nukes . 
  of course its unlikely , but fidel castro and ch\u00e9 guevara both said they would have used nukes on the usa if they had been under their control . 
  and they were n't religious fanatics . 
  hezbollah support suicide bombings , so it 's not a stretch that they might favour a nuclear holocaust . 
  we have come very close to nuclear wear in the past , and iran would put us far closer than we ever have been before . 
  there is also the chance their terrorist proxies would get them , how can you trust them to safeguard them properly ? 
  they made a contract with the british . 
  the british were actually regretting the contract in the early years as it was n't paying off . 
  look at how saudi arabia nationalised its oil which was owned and operated by american companies - they bought all of the stock legally until they owned the majority . 
  iran just went in and stole the refineries and kicked the british out , which meant they no longer could operate them as they lacked the technicians . 
  they were not benefiting from their resources , they were plunged into extreme poverty . 
  it was an insanely foolish decision , and it 's no wonder that after the shah of iran legally removed the prime minister and appointed a new one from the parliament , that iran experienced an economic miracle as it could actually start to benefit from its natural resources . 
  [ if you want the truth about iran read this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5bmlfw/im_a_muslim_navy_veteran_who_saw_firsthand_what/d9pu9cs/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) . 
  there are far too many lies out there . 
  they support suicide bombing of civilians , they are very similar to aq . 
  it 's really frustrating people here give such strong opinions without ever backing any of them up . 
  how are they not comparable to aq or the taliban ? 
  `` i was not the one who launched the idea of so-called suicide bombings ... but i have certainly argued in favour of them . '', 
  - sayyed mohammed hussein fadlallah , founder of hezbollah ali akbar mohtashamipur ( another founder and leader of hezbollah ) is thought to have played an active role , with the pasdaran and syrian military intelligence , in the supervision of hezbollah 's suicide bomb attacks against the american embassy in beirut in april 1983 , the american and french contingents of the mnf in october 1983 and the american embassy annex in september 1984 and to have been instrumental in the killing of lt. col. william r. higgins , the american chief of the united nations truce supervision organization 's ( untso ) observer group in lebanon who was taken hostage on 17 february 1988 by lebanese pro-iranian shia radicals . 
  the killing of higgins is said to have come `` from orders issued by iranian radicals , most notably mohtashemi , '' in an effort to prevent `` improvement in the u.s. -- iranian relationship . '', 
  so they kidnapped , tortured and killed an american diplomat that was upholding the truce in the region , to try and prevent america having improved relations with iran . 
  it 's incredible you are trying to hard to downplay their actions . 
  they kidnapped and tortured western diplomats from multiple countries , and not the kind of mild tortures that the us did . 
  there is no western country threatened by al qaeda or the taliban . 
  there is a western country extremely threatened by hezbollah .
