  ~ ~ i automated most of the downloading , if you want i can try to write an how-to ~ ~, 
  scrap that , i 'll pm my gfriend collection to you , 
  the other members : http://blog.naver.com/skdaksrhaxod/20157419364, 
  ( removed rocco 's report , wanted to see pretty kitty ), 
  hips . 
  \u00ccnglish . 
  neil degrasse tyson, 
  we killed it , reddit !, 
  the third axis is in the complex plane . 
  mette una tristezza ... 
  better die as a virgin pandoro than to live a second in the vicinity of a panettonwhore !, 
  philly cheesesteak con funghi ? 
  abiti in un condominio ? 
  commento distinto . 
  ( simplifying here , and the situation is evolving as we speak ) : since no won nothing changed , renzi resigned and we 're in a government crisis with an interim government for urgent reforms that 'll be appointed in the next hours . 
  next elections are likely to happen in spring/early summer . 
  do n't listen to him , he 's just a dirty mole . 
  \\ # 2 h-hello ... 
  rules are rules, 
  ftfy, 
  ~ ~ to be perfectly fair there 's a lot of regionalism on most matters , and food is not excluded from that . 
  the northernmost regions use a lot of butter , be it for french or austrian influence . ~ ~, 
  most likely bs ^, 
  if this can be of any consolation most prime time tv and most popular foreign shows have the option for original language . 
  any kind of edible mushrooms , for both . 
  from april of past year . 
  really like this look tho . 
  you must really like meat lol . 
  anyway : from the top of my head i ca n't think about any recipe with minced meat where a specific combination is `` forbidden '' , at most some specific recipes would traditionally call for x type , but on the day to day cooking i douby anyone will care about the combination at all . 
  ... the rest of the set : https://imgur.com/a/5otdt, 
  stage makeup and lightning help with that . 
  american style/s probably yes . 
  `` original '' , as in margherita , is traditionally dated in the late 1800s . 
  topping a fat-less pizza bread with tomato and cheese dates at least in the early 1700s . 
  26 months and a different sub , dude ... 
    you must be frustrated that the euro is area is stumbling from one crisis to another . 
  why is that ? 
   [ ... ] quite a few countries -- including ireland , italy and greece -- behaved as though they could still devalue their currencies . 
  of course , there is a problem if wages rise by more than productivity . 
    what was the real driver for european monetary union ? 
  is there any truth to the theory doing the rounds that germany 's leaders gave up german monetary authority and the bundesbank in exchange for competitive advantage in europe ? 
   [ ... ] the story that this was an intelligent and insidious idea by the germans to get a competitive advantage in the emu is one of the strangest ideas i have ever heard . 
  it is ridiculous because what really happened is that germany entered the euro with an overvalued currency , and it took six or seven difficult years featuring high unemployment in germany for the country to regain its competitiveness . 
   other countries failed to grasp that opportunity , yet now they make germany a scapegoat for their own failures . 
  take italy , for one . 
  it was the candidate that stood to benefit most from joining the euro . 
  by joining the euro , italians enjoyed the lowest real interest rate they had seen for a very long time . 
   they missed a tremendous opportunity and emerged as the worst performer in growth terms in the euro area . 
  yet irresponsible politicians have made up this story it was all part of a plan by germany . 
   let me be blunt : we would n't even have had the economic intelligence to design such a plan . 
  everyone was concerned germany would suffer from the monetary union and the loss of the deutschmark . 
  it was others that hoped to gain stability from a new currency -- it was their dream !, 
    was it a mistake to give banking supervisory powers to the ecb ? 
   conflicts with monetary policy and the problems in italy to implement a new resolution mechanism demonstrate that our concerns were justified . 
    what specific issues are showing up in italy ? 
   the ecb is taking decisions on collateral , but at the same time it is the banking supervisor . 
  how can you separate monetary policy from effort that supports the weak banks to ensure they survive ? 
  the decline in the quality of eligible collateral is a grave problem . 
   the ecb is now buying corporate bonds that are close to junk , and the haircuts can barely deal with a one-notch credit downgrade . 
  the reputational risk of such actions by a central bank would have been unthinkable in the past . 
  too big or too connected to fail is the main source of moral hazard behaviour of banks . 
   taxpayer money should not be used any more to save banks -- this was one of the central lessons from the financial crisis . 
  how convincing is the new regime if this lesson is ignored ? 
  mbc music core 20160430, 
  sangu $ !, 
  sangu $ !, 
  sangu $ !, 
  / r/osha would probably be pleased by the adequate measures she has taken to operate safely . 
  1 second after you posted i deleted lol, 
  resubmit due to 4 hours rule, 
  il [ removed ] sari tu , v\u00e0 . 
  from ufotown app , fan cafe is the closest tag there is to it . 
  she 's really blooming lately . 
  not sure of the source . 
  looks like a concert backstage . 
  [ there there . 
  evacuate immediately . 
  there 's no hope for humanity in there . 
  evacuate immediately . 
  00:15 due paragrafi , dati imprecisi . 
  e pace . 
  160227 no playboy performance . 
  here 's the fancam : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdjkxtpakqg, 
  eunha time . 
  r/talesfromthejob is a decentish size subreddit about job story stuff . 
  codename mother oskar ? 
  mods that listen to the community . 
  this is madness . 
   some of my subreddits keep disappearing . 
  why ? 
   reddit picks 50 subreddits at random ( or 100 if you have reddit gold ) , and displays those on your frontpage . 
  every 30 minutes , it picks a new random 50 subreddits . 
  that 's why some subreddits come and go . 
   when you view the ` my subreddits ' dropdown or the ` your front page subreddits ' list , you are seeing only the current 50 selected . 
  the top bar also only displays the current 50 subreddits , along with some additional padding subreddits . 
  the only place to see all the subreddits you are subscribed to is here . 
  at the top of your list of subscribed subreddits in the sidebar ` multireddit of your subscriptions ' , click that to see a multilink of all of you subscriptions . 
   if you wish to shrink your front page consider creating multis and unsubscribing from a few subreddits . 
  well , if you search by idol name it 's one full page at most , if you set to show 100 results . 
  tried with seolhyun and it 's less than that .
