okay , but that 's beside the point . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  the guy i was responding to said that persecution of the jews stems from the jewish community being `` unwilling '' to assimilate . 
  i pointed to the fact that as soon as jews were granted some political rights following the french revolution in various german states , they took full advantage , and assmilated rapidly , and with a lot of success . 
  in contrast , native germans adapted to modernity much slower than jews did , on average . 
  the jews succeeded so well at assimilating into german culture and society that it caused a backlash . 
  that was my point . 
  no , the trends i cited started post french revolution, 
  and eastern europe is loving every second of it . 
  that was the whole point behind maidan . 
  i 'm not a fan of his views , but robert kagan predicted the russians would be involved in a conflict in ukraine , specifically citing crimea back in 2009 . 
  the fact is , a lot of people knew about the threat to eastern europe from russia , but back then if you argued that point you were being paranoid . 
   iraq was so unprepared it was because maliki gutted the isf as soon as the americans left to favor loyal shiites . 
  when the americans left , iraq was a largely peaceful place with an effective military . 
  maliki 's ethnic power consolidation and marginalization of the sunnis as soon as the us left ruined all of that . 
  the army was and still largely is run by shiites . 
  mosul is a sunni city . 
  they abandoned it so quickly as a result of that too . 
  that was 100 percent maliki . 
  oh please, 
  because new york city is the most exciting , vibrant , ecstatically optimistic , sophisticated , sumptuous , and cultured place on planet earth , without equal ... because every demographic is represented in mass quantities , and contributes everything great about who they are to the great melting pot . 
  all cultures contribute something very special to this world , and when given a chance , and when mixed into a culture that values tolerance as a pragmatic virtue , amazing things can happen . 
  like rock music . 
  like jazz . 
  like beat poetry . 
  like a 1/8 jew 1/8 spaniard 1/8 german 1/8 african 1/8 korean 1/8 indian 1/8 lebanese 1/8 scot beautiful girl who is an atheist who likes to cook chinese food , and spends time with her friends during ramadan , and loves going to the swedish fairy festival in the park . 
  ( i 'm talking about a real person ) or how about a half persian , half brazilian man who loves both countries , and also loves his home country , and could n't have a stronger new york accent if you told him to imitate humphrey bogart . 
  i 'm talking about the jew and the arab laughing and eating sandwiches together in a park and talking about baseball . 
  multiculturalism wins every time . 
  the answer is more , not less . 
  we have people in this country that hate nyc because of that . 
  it 's okay if you do too . 
  i just do n't agree . 
  yes , but prior to the assimilation , jews were heavily persecuted and massacred and marginalized to such an extreme that they were either forced to , or chose separation as a form of survival . 
  that was about religion , not about resentment for not assimilating . 
  ( unless you are saying the unwillingness to convert is evidence of unwillingness to assimilate , and hence an impetus for hatred . 
  that i would agree with , as it is evidenced in many forms throughout european history ) the proof that there was no direct intention to separate from society comes with the immediate and overwhelming assimilation once jews were allowed rights . 
   actually , historically seen incorrect . 
  one of the main reasons jews and roma/sintis have been targeted for centuries in europe comes from the fact that they preferred to segragate themselves and not integrate/assimilate into the countries they live in . 
  ironically , these are some of the same problems with have with certain immigrant groups today . 
  im not so sure about that . 
  there was a kind of lopsided and incremental emancipation of jews across the various fragments of germany in the 18th and 19th centuries , pushed by elites and opposed by the general population . 
  the jews have a culture of education , and without restrictions , the newly emancipated jews seized the economic opportunities of urbanization and industrialization , which was particularly prevalent in germany . 
  uneducated germans across the various states were nostalgically tied to traditional lifestyles , and moved into the cities to find jobs very reluctantly . 
  so , while the jews advanced spectacularly , and took full advantage of german society and economics ( as far as they were allowed to ) , there was a sharp contrast with german lethargy , resentment , and disorientation , which gave way to an envy of jewish wealth and success as well as fear and a sense of inferiority . 
  in short , the jews were targeted because of * how well * they assimilated to modernity , not vice versa . 
   they preferred to segragate themselves we know it was n't out of preference , come on now . 
  the left is n't ignoring any trends ( there are no negative trends regarding immigrants other than the ones pointed out by racists ) , the people who think we need to kick out all mooslims and maybe all other brown folk to `` purify '' european culture ... are crypto-fascists . 
  those people will always be filled with hate and stupidity , and ca n't voice how much hate they are filled with because full on fascism is still largely unaccepted . 
  so they tone it down a little , and say shit like : `` we need to figure out which are the worst races , and kick them out , right guys ? '', 
  crypto-eugenics ... and you ca n't fix stupid . 
  you have to drown out stupid in a tidal wave of mockery . 
  i 'm also not calling you stupid , unless you think we should be profiling races based on what `` scientific analysis '' tells us to expect from them . 
  occupation ... ... ... what, 
  oh please , yeah the russian system is so similar to the american system , just with worse propaganda . 
  total nonsense . 
  i eat and breathe nonstop criticism of the united states and constantly shit on the government . 
  i have political heroes who do the same . 
  none of us are in danger of being thrown in a gulag or shot on capitol hill . 
  haha april fools just kidding you guys there 's no other source for gas we have no hope oh god why, 
  yeah ? 
  you want to say that to my face ? 
  huh ? 
  well now i know where the best kebab house is . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm pretty sure that has been eliminated as a possibility via various failsafe methods . 
  anything less could possibly invite a first strike . 
  though of course , it is possible . 
  two minutes more like . 
  they would have enough time to text their families goodbye before there was a white flash outside their window . 
  the good news is , neither of those are true . 
  haha ha ha ... :(, 
  they do n't ? 
  a republican nominee has a chance to win the nomination if the tea party is against them ? 
  yeah actually , i worked in a personal injury law firm and watched happily as dozens of our clients picked up health insurance through the state exchanges . 
  what you , and many republicans fail to grasp is that anecdotal evidence is totally not convincing , nor are wild claims like `` 47 percent of americans pay no income tax '' . 
  everyone knows you 're full of shit when you say that . 
  not to mention , the \u00fcber wealthy are the ones who on average pay less in taxes than everybody else . 
  remember how before you said you were n't brainwashed ? 
  there are staggering amounts of data in the public domain that fully contradict you . 
  i do n't have the time or willpower right now to point them out to you . 
  have fun watching as your brainwashed dinosaur politics slowly wither away as your party fails to retake the whitehouse for the next decade . 
  not paying into the system ? 
  paying taxes is paying into the system , and increased health insurance coverage leads to a lower overall cost due to increased preventive care . 
  you 're saying they 're not `` paying into it '' as if people over the age of 65 `` pay into '' medicare . 
  for the record , you cited the va , but how about medicare ? 
  aka the extremely efficient and popular single payer government health insurance program that is more efficient than private insurance companies ? 
  also , there are no left wing equivalents to fox news . 
  msbc may be heavily biased , but they can not be accurately accused of being a fear-mongering dog whistle cult of pathological liars and deeply misinformed sociopaths . 
  did you see the article i posted ? 
  35 percent less ? 
  that is millions of people versus a handful of dubious anecdotal incidents . 
  while i strongly disagree with almost all of what the other guy said , in a historical context , the evolution of the us as a multicultural , multiracial , and isolated power made it possible for a uniquely american `` melting pot '' to arise and take root . 
  of course , there are other countries with similar trajectories , like australia , or canada , but in the end , they did not receive the same stimuli of mass immigration as the us . 
  that guy is brainwashed . 
  he actually still thinks the affordable care act is n't working . 
  he avoids all the information that contradicts him . 
  http://www.vox.com/2015/3/16/8225253/obamacare-uninsured-medicare yeah , what an unmitigated disaster . 
  you 're welcome . 
  http://www.governing.com/blogs/politics/gov-political-demographic-trends-brighter-for-democrats.html basically , the old white people that still believe in conservative values are dying off , formerly guaranteed red states like virginia , north carolina , and soon , texas , will be up for grabs in every election due to demographic shifts , and the youth vote overwhelmingly sides with the democrats on social issues .
