  all of those cold , hard realities do n't even mention the fact that to win the republican nomination , you have to be approved by the tea party , which basically means you have to be certifiably insane , which means they will not have another well run campaign for the foreseeable future . 
  the democrats just need to put up candidates that are intelligent , sane , and appeal to minorities and the youth vote , and the republicans are going to be perennial losers . 
  whoops . 
  i can almost hear myself being stereotyped now . 
  since the republicans wo n't be in the white house for the next twenty years at least , you can rest assured i am right . 
  in fact , smart money is on the republican party as we know it today never getting the white house ever again . 
  the republican party as we know it today is a dinosaur , and like all dinosaurs , they go extinct . 
   the us would make far more money arming , destroying and rebuilding europe than selling levi 's and big macs . 
  21st century war in europe = the destruction of human civilization soooooooo ... your argument rests on bullshit . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/26/world/europe/russia-ukraine-crimea-annexation.html i know it 's not ironclad proof , but i do n't think assuming that the leaked memo is the tip of an iceberg is too outlandish . 
  he has little to no influence whatsoever . 
  the big independent think tank is the council on foreign relations . 
  foreign affairs is basically their policy sheet , and it gives a lot of insight into what the big influencers in dc are thinking . 
   also i must say that the theory , that all the wars the usa had fought in europe over the last century were to prevent this union in the first place , is something i hear for the first time and it 's very interesting . 
  i agree , hyperactive paranoia and wild speculation is very interesting . 
   the u.s. could use a good overseas war right about now . 
  hate to break it to you , but that 's not going to happen . 
  that is total bullshit . 
  what about china/japan ? 
  china was in the midst of a civil war and imperial japan decided to take full advantage of the situation . 
  germany/ussr was about stalling tactics , and smokescreens for invasion plans . 
  the us china relationship is nothing like that . 
  it is real , and it has been growing over a long period of time . 
  who was russia 's biggest trade partner ? 
  the eu . 
  will russia go to war with the eu ? 
  is the eu using their massive amounts of trade with russia as leverage in terms of sanctions ? 
  yes . 
  the ukraine represented about 10billion euros worth of annual trade for the russians . 
  that 's a fair amount , but it 's nothing compared to their trade with the eu or china , and it 's nothing they ca n't get from somewhere else . 
  like china for example , which they are in the process of doing . 
  my point rests on the observable trend that the more trade happens between two countries , and the more they rely on each other for trade , the less likely it is that they will go to war . 
  while ukraine relied heavily on russian trade , the situation was not mutual . 
  trade with the us amounts to nearly 20 percent of chinese exports . 
  the us and china are also very intertwined financially . 
  it is a symbiotic relationship , with some sparring over avenues of regional control . 
  neither side has it in their interest to escalate the situation into open war . 
  nope, 
  exactly . 
  outside of domestic economic issues , the most important factor for the us economy is whether or not our trading partners have strong economies . 
  at this point , the relationship is symbiotic , in a similar way that china and the us will never actually go to war . 
   if you believe the us defense think tank stratfor i do n't . 
  they 're not very credible . 
  it was recently revealed they planned to take over before maidan happened . 
  so indonesia is in the eu customs union . 
  who knew ? 
  ooh wow gawker has a cia source , i 'm surprised they were able to fit in that interview between their hourly visits to the local hipster salon and all those hours they need to spend scrolling through blurred images of anthony wieners cock, 
  so i guess pakistan is a superpower ? 
  i grexave to grexay , the grexition grexoffered by the grexerman grexinance grexinister is a grextastrophe grexaiting to grexappen . 
  i for one would apply for dual citizenship . 
  well if a super powerful united europe said fuck off with the bases , we would fuck right off with the bases . 
  in a passive aggressive way , making as much noise as possible or something . 
  if eurobros are ready to bomb whatever jihadi shit needs to be bombed in the middle east , it 's all good anyway . 
  stop that, 
  yeah . 
  i mean still , that 's a lot of passports . 
  well i 'm pretty sure i read somewhere recently that the not owning a passport thing is largely a myth . 
  something like 150 million americans own a passport . 
  the lack of travel is most likely about being tied down to a shitty job and tough financial situation . 
  i always thought it was because everyone burped really loudly all at once after enjoying their daily feast . 
  how 'd they make those massive nuclear explosions then ? 
  everyone knows nato is just a bunch of gay nerds , and north korea throws cool parties all the time . 
  as if . 
  so a free bradley fighting vehicle with built in dvd player ? 
  yeah thales might be good and all , but will they also throw in a free dvd player ? 
  no i havent . 
  ive travelled extensively there though and spent long periods of time with people who live in italy . 
  from everything i know about the place , it is extremely conscious of the evil it has caused in the past , and much more worldly and informed in its general outlook . 
  for those reasons , i trust certain europen countries to do the right thing . 
  why do you say that ? 
  based on the strong ethical bend in europe , and especially in germany , i can see a superpower that behaves in a much more responsible way than the us . 
  you 're right . 
  the greatest i told you so of obamas presidency will be a few years after he is gone when the healthcare costs of the country have dropped way off of earlier projections because more and more people are buying into state sponsored insurance plans and getting adequate preventive care . 
  its not far enough , but thats been the main republican talking point , that its going to wildly explode healthcare spending . 
  theyre going to do everything they can to pretend it isnt way cheaper than everyone expected . 
  anyway , to be honest , i wish you guys were united as the lone superpower . 
  i imagine your people and leaders would be much more credible wielding a global military than the us . 
  or more realistically , joint superpowers . 
  with europe 's moral sensibility and american strength , i would expect a very peaceful and proactive period in human history . 
  and you 're welcome for the guns and money . 
  we probably have enough money to do both , really . 
  we just have a shitty republican controlled congress that hates higher corporate tax rates , capital gains taxes and social spending . 
  if the dems controlled congress in 2010 , americans would have universal healthcare right now . 
  i 'm pretty sure most american divisions are ranked on how rapidly they can fully equip and deploy to two totally different war zones worldwide . 
  they have to be able to do it extremely quickly and efficiently . 
  my point is , that 's probably the better metric . 
  simple , i love europe , and like knowing what 's going on there . 
  if the actions taken by the european army had to be agreed to by a consensus , i do n't see how any european army will ever be used decisively in foreign policy . 
  i foresee a lot of squabbling and competing interests , and a whole lot of self defence . 
  or an admission that you never intended for them to work in the first place . 
  simple , soldiers do n't get paid well and then the veterans healthcare system barely does anything for the tens of thousands with brain damage and horrible injuries , and tries to act like 50,000 of them are n't homeless now . 
  the key is to not give a shit about them , but then laud them in praise to make them feel like they 're special . 
  i can hear the poppy fields of flanders rumbling with all the spinning bodies buried underneath . 
  oh please, 
  right wing crazies are very different from everybody else in the us . 
  for instance , the new york times has never tried to promote fearmongering bullshit about france like fox has . 
  it seems people see or hear from fox news , and a few prominent tea party blogs and radio hosts , and assume that they represent the majority of american points of view , or that they represent the mainstream of american news . 
  i can assure you they do n't . 
  think about it though , there would never be unemployment again, 
  its referring to the nearly universal fact that everyone has a gun in the us,
