the fucking nerve of this guys . 
  well , geographically speaking , we 're central european , but people call everything east of germany `` eastern europe '' . 
  it 's because yuo of muslims . 
  but seriosly , i know that turkey is much more laid back on religious stand point , the hate comes from the fact that poles really do n't want to be multi-cultural , and syrians are coming . 
  many polish people think that muslims will out breed native europeans and introduce such things as shariah law . 
  people are ignorant and do n't realise that roma = / = romanian . 
  korwin is never ending fountain of keks, 
  and let muslim brotherhood take over ? 
  is this island making 2x times more money than poland ? 
  what i tried to say , is that poland already is going to house too many refugees and i feel bad for lesbos . 
  i do n't really mind active mods , but he seems to have an agenda . 
  and your point is ? 
  wow , 2 times more than poland , and we 're a 38mln country . 
  it 's amazing how everything works so well in theory . 
  i 'm polish and from what i see , right wing is on the rise . 
  i myself consider voting for pis , but some of my friends who were pretty left winged want to vote on them , which is funny at least . 
  that is the silent answer of every pole on this subreddit . 
  i have few friends who live in uk , they never complain . 
  both countries are christian , a member of eu and white . 
  not hard to integrate for poles . 
  hell , even i considered moving to uk , but i still possess too much love for this shithole ruled by halfwits called poland . 
  i study english . 
  at the moment , i 'm trying to find out who i actually am and what is my purpose . 
  i know how it sounds , but nothing serious really . 
  i 'm not really that good at history , so i stand corrected . 
  people thought the same with hitler and poland, 
  congrats neighbours !, 
  let 's hope it is a beginning of better times for yuo . 
  what the fuck is going on with those guys ? 
  pathetic . 
  [ there are different opinions about \u0141\u00f3d\u017a ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij2kvzpj_bu ) ( do n't have to know polish to understand . ), 
  we 're the true , hidden villains, 
  yeh , shit blown out of proportion as always . 
   i 'm guessing that some of these underaged women have been a part of this by provoking . 
  the fuck ? 
  it 's like a pedo saying that children are trying to seduce him . 
  i think i heard something like this in defense of a catholic priest , now we see this shit on both sides , just shows how fucked up people can be when trying to defend their agenda . 
  then do n't talk , it 's pointless really . 
  life . 
  oh no , the worst thing ever , someone will think bad about your country . 
  a child can be properly rised by a father and a mother , remove or change one and bad things happen . 
  i do n't really think it 's ok . 
  but po , the ex-leading party did the same back in june , and noone gave a shit . 
  so why should i give a fuck now ? 
  this protest is just po trying to disrupt pis and nothing more , there is no idealism behind this , no democracy , just cashmongering cunts . 
  i hope that anyone that reads this comment will actually see that this protest is not some heroes defending democracy , but a bunch of crooked politicians falling into a state of panic after losing . 
  sorry , i truly fell a victim to americanization . 
  a protest organized by a bunch of fucking thieves , euro-boot lickers and ex-commies . 
  edit : i should add that i do n't even like pis , but i hate the rest of them even more . 
  [ louder , ca n't hear you trough my stronk ] ( http://gfx.radiozet.pl/var/radiozetv3/storage/images/wiadomosci/sport/ile-zarabia-lewandowski-ranking-najbogatszych-pilkarzy-00002864/541205-1-pol-pl/lewandowski-wsrod-najlepiej-zarabiajacych-pilkarzy.jpg ), 
  jokes aside , we would probably fuck russians up in soccer . 
  based lewy * le 5 goals in 9 minutes face *, 
  i knew we would be in group with germans . 
  majority of poles either do n't give a shit about the whole situation and want it to end quickly , or outright support law and justice decision , saying that it 's the previous goverment that made unconstitutional changes , and they 're just fixing it up , by doing the same basically . 
  pea soup is awesome . 
  fuck it , as long as germany would lead polan to german prosperity , i do n't care . 
  dragons ? 
  victory or sovngarde, 
  what year is this from ? 
  only anti-semitism i see in poland is jokes about jews , but that 's hardly anti-semitism , there are jokes about everyone . 
  polish are kinda indifferent about jews . 
  you are making a lot of claims and do n't back it up with sources . 
  the way i see it , gmo ca n't simply be referred to as good or bad , it 's not that simple . 
  gmo is already used in many countries and helped solve problems . 
  it 's obvious that we ca n't let corporations do whatever they want , but we also ca n't throw away efficency and improvement . 
  those were special anti-tank sabres . 
  we kinda dissapeared from the map a few times and have a huge inferiority complex , so we tend to be defensive about our nation . 
  when you shame them and ban them , you get trump , brexit and full pis power in poland . 
  i 'm very conservative , but chill about discussion and i hate fighting , you guys need to understand that forcing the right wing to hide will make them perpetuate outrage culture and draw more people in , and a lot of those ` hidden ' people will not voice their opinion publicly and in the polls because of fear of being shamed and attacked , or even sacked from their jobs . 
  and then you have brexit , majority of pis in sejm , trump etc. 
  polish facebook was kinda hard on the march . 
  the administration deleted the event posts and even banned people that promoted and invited people to the march . 
  some of these people were goverment officials and it was kinda fucked up to ban them for promotic a patriotic event . 
  liberal media outlets need to learn that when they shame and silence the right wing , things like brexit and trump happen . 
  i 'm not butthurt or anything , i love lithuania and it 's people and i feel like those comments are natural . 
  my comment was just descriptive , i was n't suggesting anything . 
  we poles often shit on russians on any given occasion , and it 's good to sometimes be on recieving end to get out of bubble a little bit , you know . 
  there will be always bants , and it 's good . 
  i went to 4chan too much and coal burning means something else for me . 
  yeah , i do n't really feel it since i was born and raised here . 
  but when i visit polish mountains i can feel the clearer air immidiately , and then when i go back , i can smell this distinct ` smokey ' smell , so i can kinda imagine how you felt . 
  my town still is not that bad as for example rybnik , so i heard . 
  sun in silesia , and it 's warm too . 
  i do n't know if it 's all the factories fucking with the atmosphere , but it always seems like it 's warmer here . 
  but the air though ... 
  it 's guaranteed that in every thread that mentions lithuania , there will be anti-polish comments . 
  even if it 's about weather . 
  that 's a pagan holiday in the first place . 
  i guess a good move for them would be a friendly gesture towards poles , to show that they abandoned this part of their organization . 
  your comment makes me more relaxed about this , thanks . 
  i 'm kinda right leaning myself , so i understand their position in a way . 
  there 's probably a lot of frustration that was built up for a long time . 
  that 's when people start having a stronger sense of national identity , especially when a perspective of russia invading is glooming over . 
  i hope everything works out for your country . 
   salt and vinegar best pringles . 
   not every brit voted brexit , not every german was pro-hitler , not every american is pro-hillary or pro-trump , not every european who is still a part of the eu wants to stay . 
  they got so many votes in every age group that they now have the majority in sejm though , i think it 's the first time since communism that a single party holds the power . 
  that was a clear landslide . 
  meh , every country has a group like this . 
  the real question is - is this more about them being anti-russian , or are they actually embracing the history of slaughter ?
