  again , they have n't even got close , most of them voted against , try harder . 
  many people were telling that pis will reject it and they were right , liberal shit stirrers just did the only thing they can do - cry . 
  i care about the fact that the current opposition ca n't contain themselves , also , nice personal attack . 
  and i 'm much older than that , as i stated in my other comment . 
  the reasoning is that current politicians in opposition lost my vote forever for their behaviour , if blocking them means voting pis , so be it . 
  i guess it 's the matter of perspective , i believe that actual majority of pis was against the law , but again , we could argue about that to no end . 
  i do n't feel like it 's a regime , and so 99 % of people i know , maybe i 'm biased , but i feel pretty comfortable being outspoken agnostic . 
  noone ever ` opressed ' me in any way , i was n't denied any opportunities , hell , many catholics offered me opportunities in my life . 
  as for the last part , the way they act in opposition put me in total distaste for all those parties , they lost my vote forever . 
  if blocking them means voting for pis , so be it . 
  have n't heard about that one , but i 'd save energy in their place . 
  law and justice holds majority , so they 'd just reject it and that 's it . 
  better wait until there 's different situation . 
  one thing that i do n't like about this article is how the lady is namedropping law and justice like they are the authors and major force behind this project , while they are not . 
  the movement behind this is civilian from what i know and it 's kinda unfair to give shit to the goverment . 
  no problem man , i was against the project , but i guess i 'm just annoyed by all this drama . 
  i actually believed that law and justice will reject it , i was probably in minority . 
  can i have a source ? 
  head of the party was against , and many other members . 
  kaczynski also said that there is no restrictions about how members should vote . 
  most of law and justice are ok with the current abortion laws , and why would they want to piss of like 80 % of poles who are against the new project ? 
  besides , the ordo luris ( the movement behind the project ) attempted to pass the law in the past , but there was no such uproar , probably because law and justice was n't a majority in sejm . 
  they have already stated that they 're going to design another project , so i guess we can expect another drama soon , lol . 
  yadda yadda , big scary catholic goverment . 
  come and see how things really are , poland is not some catholic version of shariah , the whole situation is created by opposition to force an image of oppresive , catholic regime in poland into foreign media outlets . 
  it was obvious from beginning that law and justice will reject it , opposition really did nothing but scream and act like children , just look how sejm looked when this was rejected , opposition acted like fucking lunatics , despite being given what they want , lol . 
  if they keep acting like this , i might vote law and justice just to spite those shit stirrers . 
  finally , end of this pointless drama . 
  i wonder what smokescreen comes next . 
  well , poles want catholic law in poland , not in countries they emmigrate to . 
  catholicism was big part of rebelling against the regime . 
  yes , i love how all the buzz around this is generated by the opposition , the bill wo n't pass , but that wo n't stop them from trying to feed all this to foreign media and politicians . 
  i know some pretty hardcore catholics and nationalists , almost all of them are for abortion in special cases . 
  the head of the party said everyone in pis can vote however they feel , so the party is n't pushing everyone to pass it . 
  some publicly opposed it , some are for it , hard to tell really . 
  why they 're butthurt about this ? 
  i 'd understand if it was more recent . 
  poles do n't really care about swedish deluge , unless this is somehow different , i do n't know . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  and it 's not something that can be fixed quickly , fuck , we 'll probably never even catch up with the west economically . 
  what the hell is with all that anti smoking preachers here ? 
  i enjoy a cig from time to time with my beer , we 're all adults here , please do n't try to explain things to smokers that they have already heard 1000 times . 
  if a person does n't want to smoke , they will stop . 
  huh, 
  that 's more of a reason not to commit a suicide , but ok . 
  i thought you were the one to be offended . 
  usually poles get uppity when their language is compared to russian . 
  are there any explanations for such high number ? 
  also , look at fucking spain , greece and italy , i always imagined these nations as chill and lazy , makes me wan na move even more . 
  what i do n't understand is why those people protest by physically attacking immigrants , instead of actually channeling that anger against the people who created those immigration policies . 
  and i 'm not saying that they should do it violently , i 'm just saying about targets . 
  i consider myself a mixed bag when it comes to policies , i agree on some things with cons , and on some things with libs . 
  with immigration , i 'm pretty conservative , it should be controlled . 
  but i 'd never actually assault a gypsy , chechen or ukrainian , i 'd rather blame the goverment and demand them to do something about immigration . 
  hey , some uplifting news , how sweet that 's not right , let 's get back to politics, 
  czech sounds really adorable to poles . 
  break down on those motherfuckers . 
  punish evil imams , deport for crimes , sharpen immigration policy , convince left to actually start doing something about this . 
  france was very welcoming and good for those people . 
  they got the good side , may be it 's time to show the other side . 
  you should show now that there are consequences for holding a total disregard to people who accepted you and helped you . 
  [ small edit from r/youtubehaiku ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkvy00x3dt0&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
   i 'm sure the british blm contingent will do their best to increase racism i can imagine they will just wait until someone very angry starts yelling at them racist shit out of rage , they 'll record it and blow it out of proportion to generate more outrage . 
  some feminists do that too . 
  it 's just a prank bro . 
  well , it was just a reference to shawn of the dead , but ok . 
  even if that happens , they will most likely try to escape to germany , i can guarantee that . 
  we do n't have much money , poles generally strongly dislike islam and muslims , and germany is not far away . 
  yup . 
  i 'll just stay here in poland , have a nice , cold pint , and wait for all this to blow over . 
  i ca n't breathe . 
  but i 'm silesian so it 's ok . 
  the bombers were anarchits , from what i know . 
  there is also a shrine of simo , which gives a blessing of critical chance against russians +25 % . 
  i know what it 's about , i just do n't believe eu . 
  the current goverment has been chosen in a democratic way , if eu has problems with it , it can go fuck right off . 
  i do n't like pis , but i also do n't like when suddenly we 're `` undemocratic '' when almost nothing changed , only now we have people that are n't merkel 's / eus lap dogs . 
  if this shit goes on , i vote pis next time , just to show them the middle finger , and i wo n't be the only one ; ) . 
  i really hope russia does n't win , they should be thrown the fuck out of the contest for such non-fair behavior . 
  so we should totally legalize abortion because of handful cases when a pregnant 16 year old wants to abort a child ? 
  still does n't make it for me . 
   what i am saying is that you do n't actually give a shit about those kids , you just care about your own selfish morals , the wellbeing of those kids in quits do n't actually matter to you . 
  so you have no right to judge whenever or not someone else should have a abortion or not . 
  you do n't do much thinking outside of your ideology , do you ? 
  you keep contradicting yourself . 
  do n't try to change what you said . 
  you said that `` if you 're concerned with saving as much humans as possible ... '' and i said that kids in foster care do n't need saving , they are not put to death like the fetuses you want to kill . 
  what `` i give a shit about '' is ** letting them live ** , that 's it , how hard is it to comprehend ? 
  and you have no right to kill a baby , thank you . 
   and how about the life of the mother ??? 
  i agree to abortion in cases of rape and life threat . 
   if she does n't want the child , you will forcibly make her have it with a threat of prison ??? 
  in situations other than rape or death , if she does n't want a child , then maybe she should make precautions not to get pregnant . 
  if she wants to kill a fetus for some private reasons , then yes , it is a crime . 
   and if you are so concerned with saving as much little humans as possible , how about you go to your local forster house and adopt some kids ... . they too need saving , yet i never see all these anti-abortion folks do anything about those . 
  i guess those dont fit in your moral princibles , so fuck those kids . 
  what ? 
  lol , you 're saying it like kids in foster homes die uless they 're adopted . 
  i do n't know who is yours vague ` many ' in that argument , but that 's still pretty weak reasoning . 
  you assume that not wanting somebody to be murdered automatically constitutes them to care about that person 's life for the rest of their life .
