  all my knowledge comes from few pages on the internet and people that told me about this stuff irl . 
  shame . 
  i 'm right-leaning , but there is no excuse , no matter where you are on political spectrum , to use political power to influence culture and art . 
  it 's musician 's fucking business to attend any marches he/she wants . 
  last american elections was full of that bullshit . 
  trump supporters boycotting hillary supporting celebrities , pro-trump celebrities being shunned and attacked . 
  i try to enjoy music and movies as long as it 's good , it gets bad when the artist uses his art to preach his/her views , but then i just simply stop consuming their art . 
  if mel gibson is an asshole , i do n't give a shit , he makes good fucking movies . 
   every kind , which is why i brought up homeopathy earlier which has less to do with institutionalized superstition . 
  it 's not like religion has a monopoly on making things up by any means . 
  i get where you 're coming from , i 'm still not hearing any solid example here , so i 'll stop myself from answering that , because i do n't know what exactly to answer here . 
  i guess you just want to say that religion is not necessary to be good , and i do n't disagree . 
  and you probably also wanted to say that being christian does n't make you automatically better , to which i also agree and often try to remind fellow christians about that . 
  i 'll try to just finish on that positive note and add that a lot of stuff in the bible is very symbolic , at least to catholics . 
  i believe that concepts such as god , satan , ghost , soul etc. 
  are mostly part of the human inner nature . 
  and that , i guess , makes them not ` real ' in concrete , solid sense , but very real pilosophically , at least to christians . 
  we could write and write on about that . 
   yes . 
  at the very least the kind of knowledge that can be tested and repeatedly and reliable proven ( or falsified ) , the kind of knowledge we can have the best confidence in . 
  i do n't see how that collides with catholicism . 
   superstition what kind of superstition exactly ? 
  as far as your last point , you created your own version of my argument and went straight for murder , while i spoke about moral relativism and post-modernistic method of interpreting society ( everything is a social construct etc. ) . 
  i said that it 's a slippery slope that leads to highly immoral concepts such as abortion , eugenics , ` childfree ' movements , sexualization of everyday life , overabundant forgiveness in family and society and other madness . 
  and those two points : 1 ) yes , that 's because it 's a highly private process of ` rebuilding ' yourself , you do n't become a good follower of jesus christ right away . 
  just like you do n't reach nirvana in one night . 
  spirituality is a long and hard path . 
  the core of belief is you . 
   my problem with metaphysics is purely an epistemological one . 
  that alone makes it wrong and dangerous , because its dogma is arbitrary . 
  why not have a system of ethics , perhaps even an ideology , that does n't rely on that kind of thing ? 
  i 'm not sure i really follow you here . 
  do you mean that spiritual teaching is dangerous because it does n't rely on knowledge ? 
  catholicism does n't exactly collide with science , unless it 's completely immoral . 
  you see , my problem with all this ` logic ' , ` knowledge ' , ` being rational ' yadda yadda leads to moral relativism , where you can excuse immoral behaviour , because ` it 's rational ' . 
  according to that viewpoints , eugenics is perfectly fine , and you eventually might realize that hedonism and psychopathy are n't even bad because you mostly just work for benefit . 
  and then we are left with the question of meaning . 
  knowing every little detail about your hands might be useful , but you still might not know what to do with them in your life . 
   ascribing divine authority to things is a bad move , especially if those things are completely made up , and even more so if it becomes institutionalized . 
  what exactly is made up ? 
  old testament ? 
  your problem is that you are closing me in a box where i do n't even know what you 're referring to . 
  or who you are arguing with . 
  one preacher will tell you that the tale of adam and eve is a transcendental story of a relationship between parent and his children , and it talks about losing innocence and eventual process of having to accept that the world will not always be a playground , and you will have to work , get sick and sacrifice to survive . 
  and another will tell you that story of adam and eve happened word for word 5000 years ago or so . 
  ( protestants are more guilty of that . ), 
  that 's why you need canons , so people wo n't completely misunderstand the teachings . 
  just because it 's not real in the sense of talking snakes and gods ( it 's symbolic ) , it does n't mean that the lesson is n't real . 
   faith healing is as bad as homeopathy , but at least subscribers to homeopathy do n't all share one identity and scipture and place of worship that creates this huge shared identity around itself to proselytize . 
  i do n't try to convert anyone , and i do n't know any catholics that do . 
  how exactly bad is to personalize more abstract and complicated concepts and show them as symbols ? 
  less intelligent can understand them better that way . 
  that 's exactly what bible does , it 's a big book of stories touching upon many , many different complicated concepts , but it shows them in a concentrated and simplified way , easy to digest . 
  it 's only apparent that it 's not so simple when you start decomposing and getting into it , but that 's for more thoughtful folk . 
   and following them does n't make you a better person or the world a better place . 
  sure . 
   you do know that those things have nothing to do with atheism ? 
  debatable . 
  all pushers of those ideologies are atheists . 
   i have no idea what are you talking about . 
  thank you for confirming what i already thought . 
   movies and songs are real , stories told in them often are not . 
  bible is real , stories told in it often are not . 
  again , you have a bad understanding of what real is . 
  i tried to explain many times . 
  thank you for the discussion , it was fun . 
   it does n't on the individual level ( not for the reverse either , plenty of people do n't subscribe to religion and are dumb ) but there are demographic trends with regards to education . 
  yes , i believe that people lower on intelligence tend to stick to religion because they are low on openess . 
  they like systems that they can trust because it helps them operate in the world and deal with complicated concepts . 
  but still , i think there is place for religion amongst intellectuals . 
  hell , a lot of genius compositors and writers are believers , and a lot of atheists and agnostics too . 
  there are many layers to that . 
  ( edit : i fucked up wording here , i wanted to say that there are geniuses amongst believers and non-believers alike . ), 
   where can we see this list , because it seems to me that people are picking and choosing which catholic rules to follow and which to ignore . 
  how about the not eating shellfish one ? 
  i 'm not an authority on that , and i probably can not provide you with a fully educated answer on that , this much i can tell you . 
  all i can say is that i agree that fundamentalists taking things literally are wrong , but also a lot of atheist arguments base on criticizing them , while ignoring more transcendental and philosophical christian concepts . 
  it 's just too damn hard to touch upon it in some random reddit thread on r/europe . 
   religion frequently has dogma . 
  philosophy can absolutely come without rules and just provide a systematic way of analysing things instead . 
  philosophy and ideology is not the same , and even ideologies are n't equally rigid and iron clad . 
  i criticize christians who cut themselves off from things potentially threatening their faith . 
  if you ca n't withstand that critique , then your faith is flimsy and maybe you 're not supposed to believe in the first place . 
  the path of faith is to willingly expose yourself to those things , burn off ` dead wood ' and come out stronger than you were . 
  sadly , many believers do not understand that . 
  that being said , i 'm not saying there that this path is unique to believers , anyone can follow it . 
  and there can be lost christians too . 
  a religion can get corrupt . 
   do you care about the truth , about what we can know to be true , or do you not ? 
  hold on , we need to first specify what true is , because you are being very vague . 
  can a novel or a movie be true ? 
   things like pre-martial sex , contraception , sodomy , fastening , a plethora of shamanic-like ceremonies and customs etc. 
  i do n't support enforcing things like this on non-believers , but it 's perfectly normal to follow those things on your own . 
   haha you have a very optimistic view of members of your religion . 
  i have a view on religion based on people i spoke and debated with . 
  i was an atheist for 9 years , until i realised that moral relativism , nihilism and post-modernism is destroying me . 
  believe me , i used your exact arguments against catholics tens of times . 
   yes it is very abstract and complicated because it is made up and there is no proof whatsoever of its existence . 
  what is real ? 
  is human conscience real ?
