  the whole point of pro-lifers is to just let live , not take care . 
  what about suicide hotlines ? 
  should they take care of the person forever after they save them ? 
  i got very sad news for you , people generally do n't care about you , me or anyone in that regard , i just feel priviledged to be able to live my free life . 
  for the record , i am struggling with abundant drinking , and plenty other things and guess what , nobody . 
  cares . 
  but it 's ok , i do n't expect people who would n't want me to be murdered to care about me . 
  well , going with your logic , it would be ok to kill off newborns . 
  not conscious ? 
  check organs not developed ? 
  check ca n't sustain itself ? 
  check, 
  yes , the doctors should immediately send the patient to the next one that will perform the abortion . 
  it 's fine if a doctor feel not ok with commiting an abortion , but intentionaly slowing down the process is fucked up and not very christian . 
  good for you , you need it . 
  which is pretty much what you 're doing . 
  yes , let russia intervene so another spree of chechnyan terrorist attacks happen . 
  people forget fast . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  [ but boland does n't hate gays , we 're just not very crazy about them . 
  i 'm against forced immigrant quotas , but it 's most likely she 's just pandering . 
  [ investing intensifies ], 
  poland gets promotion around the world , the world gets good games . 
  everyone wins . 
  central europe should be called beer europe . 
  oh fuck , i drank all kinds of meads excluding p\u00f3\u0142torak , it 's too expensive . 
  was it good ? 
  i personally drink tr\u00f3jniak most often because dw\u00f3jniak too sweet and strong . 
  tr\u00f3jniak seems like a balanced one for me . 
  it would be ok to reduce population if we would n't let it be replaced with countless immigrants ... 
  i 'm not disagreeing . 
  i 'm not a leftist , but leftist parties certainly should go hard on immigration and turkey fast , or too many people will turn to right wing parties . 
  they obv should n't be too hard on turkey , noone wants a full on diplomatic crisis . 
  but dutch elections gave a good example of how to win back the voter base by doing a public stunt against the current ` big boogeyman ' of eu . 
  more leftist/centre politicians will probably follow , once they realize that being virtuous loses votes , i know normal liberals want tolerance , but once their politicians realize that being tolerant loses voters , they will prioritize power over virtue . 
  was n't this on frontpage a few days ago ? 
  it will certainly contribute to the rise of right wing politics in eu . 
  `` see , now you have definite proof , this is an invasion . '', 
  only thing i have to say about is , kek . 
  i would n't say ` for the hell of it ' , but rather to pass on your genes , preserve history , culture and ancestry of your people . 
  or the society can get older , die off and get replaced by foreigners , i guess . 
  it would n't be such a problem if we , as in eu , did n't let huge amounts of immigrants in . 
  their culture is different regarding children , typical middle-eastern family has 3 or more of them . 
  that does n't show a good perspective for indigenous europeans . 
  and one question , how french goverment prevents that ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  perhaps problem lies both with attitudes and current situation . 
  hm , i read all responses i got and came to the conclusion that the problem perhaps lies both in ourselves and the current environment . 
  i honestly do n't know how to deal with that . 
  i just hope that many more people across europe think about that too , that ' t the first step , diagnosis . 
  hopefully a cure comes the following . 
  i also do n't mind low population , and i agree with the replacing part . 
  i meant economic situation , was it good that people made babies ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i meant economically , was it so good that people made babies ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  well , you 're just proving my point . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  was it really so great few generations ago that people made so many babies ? 
  i mean , a lot of literal shitholes have huge birthrates . 
  while the richer the country in europe , the fewer babies people have . 
  also at least in poland , poorer people more often have babies . 
  we were conditioned to care about ourselves mostly , i fell for that too . 
  and now it 's really hard to even think about sacrificing all that time , money and effort to raise a baby . 
  the problem lies with attitude , but i believe it will change soon . 
  the promotion of radical individualism/nihilism in academia does n't help as well . 
  it 's easy to read few books , assume nihilism an be like `` nothing matters , prove me wrong hehe '' - that kind of attitude is a fucking virus to me . 
  he 's probably happy anyway to get 20 seats . 
  i have a feeling that this has to do with postmodernistic attitudes . 
  people being so focused on being an individual and their own ` view ' that they refuse to sacrifice themselves for something ` higher ' like having babies , because they see those values as pointless . 
  this seems to be a disease to people of west , immigrants from african and middle-eastern countries seem to be free of it . 
  could n't it also be the factor that not as many people were getting higher education a generation ago ? 
  at least in poland , i see that older people seem much less likely to be highly educated , maybe times were different . 
  if you read the whole article , not only the paragraph i linked , there is a lot of research in favor of men , the variability is probably a factor . 
  you should n't take this data so personally , by stating those facts , i do n't claim that every single woman is stupidier than every single man , everyone seems to miss that . 
  besides , the difference is miniscule , but it exists . 
  that 's true . 
  just for the record , the article is manipulated af ... holy shit . 
  first of all , le pen offered to cooperate , there was no word about dismantling . 
  then , law and justice spokesperson said that ` pis is not interested in dismantling eu ' and that 's where the journalist put the world in the title from , thus creating literally fake news . 
  but now most people will just read the title and take is as truth ... that 's depressing . 
  i just googled few articles , including a wikipedia article , and males do have greater variance in intelligence than women . 
  edit : sorry for stating truth , people who downvoted me . 
  well , i 'm polish and i saw a lot of his talks , i just believe it 's something he would not say . 
  it 's just what i believe . 
  he said that generally , as a whole group , women earn less , because they are ` less this and that ' . 
  and that it 's just a fact that such trend occures , he did n't say that they should earn less , that would be against his beliefs , since he is a hardcore libertarian . 
  are n't they on general level , when we compare both group as a whole , less intelligent ? 
  just before anyone goes all nuclear on me , i do n't think that the difference on individual level is big , almost none actually , which is what korwin also stated . 
  i 'd say that women are ` balanced ' being mostly slightly above intelligent or under , with few geniuses and idiots . 
  whilst men go all over the spectrum having both a lot of geniuses and total imbeciles . 
  edit : jeez , why all the downvotes ? 
  here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sex_differences_in_intelligence#variability, 
  yes , i 've just seen it . 
  i 'd call semantics , he just fucked up his wording , i can not accept that he believes that women must earn less , since he 's a hardcore libertarian free-marketer , so this is too authoritarian coming from his mouth . 
  i see , i 'd call semantics , that they earn less as a group as a consequence of their inferiority , and he did n't mean that women must earn less . 
  but we ca n't know for sure , so i 'll agree that he fucked up here and worded that badly . 
  the following argument the lady provided was worse imo , lol . 
  link and timestamp ? 
  i want to see it , i was referring mostly to pierce morgan interview .
