  you ca n't see or touch it , you ca n't measure it or possibly research it . 
  science ca n't even fully comprehend what human conscience is . 
  can a song or a movie be real ? 
  people often watch a movie and can describe it as ` real ' because it touches upon human emotion and nature , and it ` speaks ' to them . 
  if it ca n't be real , then why are you watching movies or enjoying fiction ? 
  it 's on the same dimension of real as religion is for most people . 
  you have a very strawman definition of religion in your mind and it entraps you in a loop . 
   but it does n't mean that he is literally talking to us from the sky . 
  few comments ago you accused me of not understanding what you wrote and i politely agreed , saying that we were arguing about semantics . 
  yet here you are completely misunderstanding my position on things . 
   there is plenty of `` dumb shit '' in catholicism that is currently useless and following it does n't make you a better person in any way . 
  what exactly ? 
  i see where you 're getting and we are clearly in misunderstanding , you say one thing , and i say another , we 're not even especially arguing about anything other than semantics . 
   sorry i do n't do drugs . 
  lol . 
   oh i can imagine . 
  i just do n't do that but i guess if making up imaginery friends that talk to you about dangers of life helps you live your life then that 's great . 
  again lol . 
  do you have to take everything literally ? 
  god is a symbol , a visualization , not many christians believe in a literal old man in the sky , you would know that if you went out of your hugbox for a while , you know . 
  same as owl represents wisdom . 
  wisdom an abstract object which can not be seen , touched or smelled , but only seen acted out by humans . 
  owl is often used as a symbol to help visualize this concept . 
  god is a very abstract and complicated form , we have our symbols to help visualize him , but it does n't mean that he is literally talking to us from the sky . 
  dude , seriously ... 
  i did not claim that you can not be succesful or industrious without religion , i was saying that being religious does n't mean you are dumb , your condescending sense of superiority does n't really help you there . 
   expressing free will but watching for obstacles is literally what life is about and people can do that damn well without catholicism . 
  oh and let 's not pretend that catholicism does n't add a lot of rules you have to follow on top of that `` free will '' . 
  catholicism is a set of tools , it helps not getting lost , period . 
  you are really adding things here which i did not say . 
  i did not say that without catholicism you can not exercise free will and be careful in life . 
  any philosophy has a set of rules , you 're really naive if you think that having rules is bad in any sense , or that it takes away one 's freedom . 
   mhm and how many times did god talked to you and warned you about `` dangers of life '' ? 
  do you have an understanding of what ` abstract ' is ? 
  or you simply can not imagine anything beyond what you can touch and see ? 
  i disagree , but you 're free to think what you think . 
  some of the most industrious and strongest individuals i know are devout catholics . 
  their sense of personal responsibility and constant growth are very inspiring to me . 
  it 's a nice and comfortable thought to just send them all of as ` sheeple ' and never think about it again , but it 's not that simple . 
  in fact , the gist of catholicism is to express your free will given by the god , but watch for those slippery slopes of life . 
  the idea of god here is a wise father warning against dangers of life , which can make your life a living hell . 
  i do n't know much about islam , but people can be dumb , sure . 
  all i know that after researching religions i found out that it 's too complicated to just dismiss religions as ` dumb shit ' . 
  maybe religious fundamentalists and ideologues are ignorant ( still would n't say dumb ) , but it 's terribly ignorant in itself to just claim that all religion is ` dumb shit ' . 
  that was my main issue with that statement . 
  it 's because the ` sh ' and ` ch ' sounds are typed in as ` sz ' and ` cz ' , which makes it look fucked . 
  it 's ` vuoshchyznah ' . 
  ( i probably slaughtered that . ), 
  yeah , their bias is clearly showing . 
  also ` dumb catholic shit ' is explaining a lot about their attitude . 
  what ? 
  he often says very positive stuff about south america . 
  i do not support special priviledges for roughly 5 % of population which can not breed . 
  i base my opinion mostly on anecdotal grounds . 
  i know few gay guys and even hooligan types do n't really harass them or anything . 
  that 's still very vague , they are pretty equal in the face of law . 
  what do you mean by equality ? 
  that 's vague . 
  marriage is not human right . 
  i can say in defence of poland that we 're not hostile to gays , they 're not openly hunted and assaulted like in , for example , russia . 
  but noone is very supportive of them either , it 's more like `` keep it to yourselves '' . 
  i always say that our defense minister look like some fucking dark warlock you would find at the end of the game . 
  his face is so evil . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  is it wrong ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  hm , poland is not as bad as i thought . 
  i wonder about the source of suicides ... 
  it could be the constant run from all responsibility and discomfort , young people really want to be free from responsibilities , not realizing that they end up in aimless lifestyle . 
  i am having such problems right now , my current steps are to adopt as much personal responsibility as i can . 
  it 's hard to rewire . 
  i think his main point was the violent supression of opposition and forceful occupation of other countries . 
  i think the worst part of both ideologies is how they accepted no dialogue , and instead went for ideological warfare . 
  instead of negotiating with the nobility and the rich , communists wanted to exterminate them , which resulted in really , really bad times . 
  same with nazis , they did n't want dialogue , they wanted to kill . 
  it just goes beyond my comprehending how immoral those ideologies were , it 's obvious that you will end up in hellish system if your main way of fighting problems is by violence and murder . 
  this goes against all moral systems , not just religious ones . 
  raskolnikov from `` crime and punishment '' comes to mind , no matter how many excuses you find for murder , you will end up mad and in personal hell . 
  same happens when you turn it up to societal level , then the whole society goes mad , and hell for everyone . 
  since they have sapkowski as the consultant , and not cd projekt , they will probably go along his wishes . 
  they even stated that they want to closely follow the source material , which are books , not games . 
  you know , eu kinda did that with the free movement thing , we 're not arriving in boat in thousands for welfare , we come to work because your wages are better . 
  you 're free to send them back . 
  i feel compassion for all the frenchmen that died during las few years . 
  monster are much rarer in the books . 
  and we must remember what already happened when russia tried to intervene too much . 
  too many people are already forgetting . 
  we should understand why russia is reluctant to waltz in and give orders . 
  our current goverment did introduce some socialist policies . 
  i guess poles can only accept socialism from right-wing catholics , because a leftist socialist party triggers our ptsd . 
  it seems to be going ok . 
  still a lot of work ahead of us . 
  job problems are much smaller , all my friends have jobs , even those without good education . 
  i just hope something bad does n't happen . 
  seconding this . 
  who am i supposed to vote in next elections ? 
  i hate po and petru . 
  kukiz seems like an option , since he dislikes partisanship and all the ` right vs left ' crap . 
  nationalists got angry at him because he wanted liberals in his movement and wanted a dialogue . 
  razem is too socialism happy .
