  the guy is a centrist , why all the fuss ? 
  i remember the left circle-jerking all around him like he 's some kind of messiah but he 's just another mix of conservative and liberal ideas , like merkel or tusk . 
  i 'm sure we will hear more views like this , he pandered to the left during his elections and i suspected that he will reveal different stances afterwards , i 'm not suprised . 
  i hope you are not being ignorant on purpose . 
  he meant that many polish soldiers went to join other ally forces after poland lost . 
  there were polish divisions fighting until the end of the war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no._303_polish_fighter_squadron here is a quick example . 
  if we stop shoveling in people who make 3 + kids on average , then we can talk about population control . 
  at this moment it looks only like european population control , but not chinese , indian or african population control . 
  edit : the chinese actually seem to try to control the population , a misplaced example . 
  [ yeah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cke7ymfsrck ), 
  i 'll add that his name means ` happy soldier ' in slavic . 
  op made a mistake , i live on a maria sk\u0142odowska - ** curie ** street . 
  her second name is commonly accepted in poland . 
  the title sounds like the spy tried to mildly annoy the president . 
   what makes you think a `` superordinate '' must necessarily exist ? 
  there is already a universal hierarchy in place , which does n't give a sh * t about us mortals , and thats that 's in the laws of physics : from sub-atomic to galactic levels , there is always something larger or smaller . 
  i do n't think there is an inherent requirement or need for something superordinate to exists , other than the universe itself . 
  i 'm talking about superordinate regarding how you act , i do n't think anyone here questions science or physics . 
  that 's why i brought up laws , philosophies , religions and quasi-religions , they tell people how they should act in order to live a good life . 
  and before you come up with some typical argument like `` people should find it on their own '' , it 's better to have something to guide you . 
  that 's why teachers exist , people often ca n't find things out on their own , they need guidance . 
  you 'd learn extremely less in areas of science if not for teachers . 
  that 's what religion is for people , a life philosophy . 
   this is some irrational statement and really based on personal misconceptions and wrong assumptions . 
  why would i need to have `` something above me '' in order to avoid being a hedonist or a nihilist ? 
  i think one can live a perfectly happy life without being a hedonist , and without needing to have something above . 
  i do n't need a god to give a reason to my life . 
  what was irrational about it ? 
  current generations are over-indulging and becoming less and less self-disciplined . 
  you do n't become what i described from day to day , rome did n't turn into a home of degeneracy within one year , that takes time . 
   there are plenty of atheists who live good , happy and productive lives . 
  do you want to imply that they have no moral systems they are subservient to ? 
  because if you act morally , then you have a system above you , you do n't need a deity for that . 
  you are just kinda proving my point . 
   i mean , i do n't think this is really true for everyone . 
  if it 's not true for somebody then what becomes superordinate ? 
  human ? 
  well that 's dangerous , you either fall into nihilism or start making up rules on your own because you 're in the first place after all . 
  as far as your movie stuff goes ... movies always comfortably create their own strawman argument against atheism ( daddy in the sky ) , while completely ignoring all intellectuall spiritual people who will tell you in the first place that ` daddy in the sky ' is bullshit , at least for catholics . 
  i do n't agree with fundamentalists who take everything in the bible literally , but what angers me even more , are the atheists whose only argument is what those fundamentalists say . 
  if you were to be perfectly rational , with nothing above you , you are destined to become some kind of hedonistic nihilist , and that 's not a happy life . 
  well , i do n't know what you 're responding to exactly , i was n't talking about anything supernatural . 
  they 're always deemed most efficient after all . 
  so it 's just free busing for 50 people that each pis member gets tickets for ? 
  media are really just grasping at straws at this point . 
  this is a thing that political parties have been doing forever . 
  they 're probably going to invite their friends and family , oh the humanity !, 
  not only poland , but most other eu countries too . 
  it seems counter productive to move them to central and eastern europe if they are going to run to germany , france or uk anyways . 
  what we 're supposed to do ? 
  forcefully keep them in camps ? 
  that does n't sound good at all . 
  that was sarcasm , because that joke is older than ` australia is upside down ' joke . 
  people always worship `` something `` it does n't have to be a deity . 
  some philosophers and psychologists wrote about this a lot , that `` something `` always will replace religion if you root it out , because it 's in human nature to put `` something `` above everything . 
  it can be money , a dictator , astrology , a philosophy etc. 
  nietzsche 's `` god is dead '' is not triumphant at all if you read what follows . 
  it 's more like `` god is dead , fuck , what now ? '', 
  and human conscience , we have n't uncovered even 1 % of that shit . 
  that are some fresh memes my friend , where did you get them ? 
  on top of john paul ii and many priests who worked against communism , being religious was a form of rebellion against the regime that endorsed atheism . 
  in poland , the numbers are probably like this only on paper . 
  a chunk of those 87 % are probably ` not practicing ' catholics , and a small chunk are atheists who simply remain catholic on paper because they got baptized by their parents . 
  i 'd say it 's closer to 60-70 % , we 're still a super catholic country though . 
  we really like pork and alcohol , so no muslims . 
  you hear news here about major scammers getting busted almost everyday . 
  i 'm glad there are actual improvements on that . 
  stalin is worse . 
  now replace russians with germans , and stalin with hitler . 
  russians please , i 'm not even going to call them dumb or anything , because i believe that very few people are truly stupid . 
  some russian please explain . 
  tbh i 'm really bad at paying attention to anything . 
  hm , good arguments . 
  favourite neighbour , good places , good people and good beer . 
  lowkey want to move there . 
  here 's how bernie can still win . 
  a witcher necklace , nice . 
  he argues that poland was n't a bitch , despite such huge difference in power , we fought for longer than others , french capitulated after three weeks . 
  then , most polish soldiers escaped to join forces with other european countries , that 's why he 's saying that we were on every front , because we were , you can read up on that . 
  pilecki 's suffering transcendented that twat . 
  what do you think we should do about that ? 
  if you kill your enemies , they win . 
  what 's interesting , a lot of my pis hating friends actually like him . 
  i myself am ambivalent about piss , i do n't like poo as well , but i 'm quite fond of the guy after the fucking sleepy bear . 
  our minister of defense is kinda paranoid about russia , i wish we could just get along . 
  quickly !, 
  find ways to bitch about our president !, 
  i think the main problem is in the big cities . 
  apparently cities like london are becoming less and less english . 
  [ here 's an interesting piece of interview where john cleese says that ` london is no longer english city . 
  ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjheodypuei ), 
  a norm is that a woman is paid the same for the same job . 
  that 's in no way a excuse , he just wanted to do something violent , because he was probably told so by his radicalized environment . 
  long time ago , leftists claimed that children of arabic and black immigrants will 100 % integrate and be culturally british , well there you have it . 
  most of those violent twats are children of immigrants . 
  if this guy felt british at all , he would n't be so mad at trump dropping bombs at child killers and religious zealots enslaving women . 
  they do n't feel british or european at all , they are still alligned with their backwards , violent ideology . 
  which is already a norm in most of europe . 
  i honestly have no idea , i 'd love to know .
