  if he actually meant what you are saying , then i will agree with you . 
  no , he did n't say that women should be paid less . 
  literally first minute of interview , please watch before you make a fool of yourself . 
  he did n't say that they should be paid less . 
  but everyone keeps repeating that so it must be true . 
  post-truth everybody . 
  he did n't say that , first moments of the discussion with pierce morgan , he called him on out lies about that he did n't say that they should be paid less . 
  did they even watch him ? 
  he even corrected pierce on that he did n't say that women should be paid less , but that women generally are paid less because of that . 
  holy fucking macaroni liberals . 
  edit : i 'm not even arguing whether it 's true , but this level of ignorance is stupid as fuck , they are suspending him for something that he did not even say . 
  and people here are happy , yay . 
  speaking economy , aspects , i 'm not much to argue here . 
  we just need to add that bloodthirsty authoritarianism also had a big part , you ca n't just * force * people to do everything . 
  it was bound to be a failure . 
  kaczy\u0144ski 's biggest remark towards the series was that he does n't feed his cat milk . 
  you wo n't find much sympathy here for being a moral person , unfortunately . 
  pis reaction was probably why there was a record . 
  you should all thank pis , kek . 
  if you look at it in a different way , the more liberal country , more women commit suicide , lol . 
  yay equality ? 
  jeez louise sweden, 
  i was n't talking about poland . 
  when a party 's solution to a problem is completely disregarding public 's opinion about immigration and muslims , then i choose different solution , thank you . 
  yup , that would be correct , know few of these ruch chorz\u00f3w fans . 
  what you claim is centre-right is centre-right almost to nobody . 
  when you want immigrants , you 're not right wing , period . 
  edit : besides , i was n't talking about poland , you silly donut . 
  what does he has to do with european politics ? 
  the ones i know are usually polish nationalists . 
  the few that are silesian nationalists want something similar to the lands in germany , or states in us , more or less . 
  yes , but you missed my point which is that internet is interactive , you have users commenting and often giving different insights . 
  such dynamic does n't exist in any other news form than internet . 
  tv is just a broadcast providing little , often moderated interaction . 
  and that 's the worst part . 
  do you know how many people voted pis to get rid of po ? 
  a lot . 
  and few of my friends said the similar thing as you did `` we will get rid of po first , then pis '' we 're stuck in a cycle of piss and poo, 
  not letting some immigrants in ca n't be compared to cutting of your body parts . 
  all you said depends on the viewer , which is what i mean . 
  in tv , you have the message broadcasted and that 's it . 
  on the internet , i sometimes go to the / r/politics , even tho this subreddit is fucking crazy . 
  i see a bit of information , and i can go read the comments , the top comment will often confirm if it 's a manipulation , just an unconfirmed rumor , outright lie or a real piece of news . 
  you ca n't do that on tv , even if a news piece turns out completely false , they rarely go back and say ` oh by the way , that was confirmed to be false ' , they usually just go on about their cycle . 
  so you want let all those boats with undocumented immigrants first in until there is a threat to security and then deal with it after an attack ? 
  i 'd rather have my country make some precautions . 
  that comment was regarding the whole of europe , notice how the right wing is on the rise in every european country , ever wondered why ? 
  now , going back to poland , we have a fair share of immigrants here , mostly from ukraine , and i frequently se turks too , albeit only in kebab shops , so overall there 's probably not so many . 
  looking from your perspective , you may think that nobody goes to poland , since your nation tends to choose germany over poland in 99 % of cases , i do n't blame you . 
  the thing is , we already have a huge influx of immigrants from ukraine , particularly eastern ukraine , which most of europe seems to care very little about . 
  muslim immigrants are the main talk . 
  and pis had balls to call him out , their numbers will keep being high . 
  a non-problem , just a comfortable confrimation bias for anti-pis people to be happy about . 
   what poland needs is for the oldest two generations to die and catholicism to die with it . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  when you look at the demographic from the last elections , young people were voting largely for korwin , kukiz and pis . 
  i can say for myself , i 'm 24 and i usually hang out in social circles which have people ranging from 19-26 year olds and the amount of ultra-nationalists that i know is suprising . 
  and this is fucking silesia , one of the more leftist voivodships . 
  when you have leftist parties completely disregarding security , immigration policies and tradition , people will eventually turn away , because they value those things , even if it means voting for nutjobs . 
  when a proper alternative comes . 
  currently in poland , the opposition is pathetic to new extends with every day , jumping to guns with every little pis move , literally screaming in sejm and acting like little children . 
  they love announcing how pis is falling apart , and then you see po dropping and pis having 40 % in a new poll . 
  i will accept a good centrist party , but po and nowoczesna must go , their people in interviews are a laughing stock . 
  evil ? 
  maybe . 
  the whole point is that people are angry because media refuse to just deliver information , and instead focus on forcing a certain viewpoint , while ignoring other aspects of a problem . 
  this will be the slow death of them , television will become like newspapers only old people will pay attention to it , internet will takeover . 
  what can be done ? 
  not really . 
  * tinfoil hat on * the elites are shoveling muslims into europe so they can continue the holocaust . 
  oh noo , i 'm shitting my pants right now . 
  never , fuck off . 
   is facing sanctions are we though ? 
  you are completely right , it 's only wrong to them when people who they do n't like do it . 
  when left does it , you will only hear crickets , when the right does it , mass triggering and autistic screeching . 
  nah , he 's too hated here . 
  you really need to research euro ultras more , they do n't worship hitler , most of them hate him . 
  they worship whatever nationalist figurehead their country has . 
  your criticism is kinda ignorant . 
  what a bunch of weasels . 
  all things that feel so good are wrong , pierogi definitely fits that criteria . 
  ehh , i overreacted , i agree . 
  but every thread about poland and the buddy pops up , it starts to annoy me lol . 
  you 're saying that we only have the right to question massive immigration after allowing millions of muslims in . 
  i 'd rather prevent it . 
  this guy is a fucking idiot , ignore him . 
  he would complain about poland if you 'd posted a picture of pierogi . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre commies were no better . 
  instead of attacking race , they attacked social groups . 
  killing officers , athletes , artists etc. 
  would you leave nazi monuments ? 
  maybe it 's not exactly the same , but pretty similar for a country which actually experienced full communism . 
  just hold my beer you pansy . 
  yes , wanted to say the same thing , everyone are jumping the guns and nothing even happened yet . 
  google people , it 's a thing . 
  that 's a mexican man that has been living in poland for 4 years . 
  he 's just telling the sub that he loves poland and sends kind regards . 
  still , germany is one of the best european countries today . 
  i guess they thought there is nothing to loose in 1939 , and they did n't loose much in the end . 
  i 'm certain that duda is not completely disconnected from kaczynski and they probably are just making a scene .
