  you are explaining complicated problems with blaming them on one group . 
  i know it 's comfortable to just say that ` it 's their fault ' and sit back , but it 's not that simple . 
  it 's best to assume ignorance first . 
  those are probably not bad people , just ignorant . 
   i say neither should be banned , but that 's neither here nor there the worst part of this topic is that when you bring up that double standard , people think you 're defending nazis or something . 
  i definitely would n't go as far as give them prison time , but i think that antifa/anarchist/communist types who wave communist flags at their marches should be outright at least fined . 
  it 's not ok to show nazi signs , and it 's not ok to show communist signs . 
  post-communist countries probably understand that more , since we suffered from both . 
  people that are not from eastern europe must understand our view on this . 
  communism was extremely hurtful for us and is commonly accepted as the main cause behind our current economic struggle . 
  i 'm against race warfare , i 'm against class warfare , i 'm against warfare . 
  nazis blamed jews , commies blamed the rich , yadda yadda , i hate both . 
  violent , hateful ideologies with violent , hateful ideologues . 
  the guy is a meme in poland at this point , he spouts weird shit in almost every appearance on media he has . 
  i 'm honestly not suprised . 
  he bragged in one interview that he talked to trump in 2010 inspired him to become the president . 
  a lot of memes were made about this . 
  edit : [ here is one ] ( http://i.iplsc.com/grafika-pochodzi-ze-strony-kwejk-pl/00064kalgtq92lq0-c116-f4.png ) it translates into `` and i said to him adolf , you should quit painting and get into politics . '', 
  go red team !, 
  good reading comprehension . 
  http://www.k5learning.com/reading-comprehension-worksheets here is some help with that , good luck . 
  the sad truth is , you ca n't have everything . 
  just choose the most important thing for you , if it 's family , follow that , if it 's career , then follow that . 
  it 's completely normal for a woman to choose by her own will that family is important , it 's as much important and demanding as a full time job . 
  men often also do n't have a choice and are forced to work overtime to support their families . 
  men often are forced to choose shit jobs because they do n't have options and time . 
  basically all most dangerous and hardest jobs are occupied mostly by men . 
  life is not always easy , it 's hard , and not only for women . 
  edit : full time mothers should have rights and benefits comparable to full time working women , they 're not inferior . 
  in fact , family women should be appreciated more than they are right now . 
  yes , they do tend to exaggerate . 
  well you ca n't hide the fact that there is an anti-semitism problem in areas highly populated by muslims . 
  it 's probably the fact that israelis do n't really trust the far-right wing because of obvious associations . 
  let 's not forget the fact that people were heavily dissapointed by po , and a lot of people voted pis just in spite of po . 
  most of this are just stylistic changes , the text itself is not terrible , someone was grasping at straws . 
  germany is getting back all of the money anyway , they 're just pumping the money to extend the economic influence and gain it all back . 
  germany is gettting it back anyway trough economic colonialism . 
  i 'm for free healthcare , but if you think that left wing extremist is someone who just wants free healthcare , then i feel sorry for you . 
  did i claim that it was a good or smart agrument ? 
  how was the comment picturing a heavily warped perception of political climate above me an argument ? 
  right wing extremist : security and preservance of tradition . 
  left wing extreminst : let 's keep shoveling foreigners inside until they outbreed us , because economy !, 
  fuck borders and laws and shit . 
  see now how stupid it looks ? 
  it 's a meme . 
  i do n't like free shit , sorry . 
  fuck borders 'n laws 'n shit, 
  i 'm open to changes , let 's just wait and see what will be proposed . 
  why more people must be better ? 
  i 'd rather have low population in eastern europe and close the borders . 
  look at how workers are treated in high population countries , like trash . 
  the less people , the better . 
  you are terribly misguided by your ideology . 
   if you truly believe that the gsoa in a group created to teach women the art of selling cookies , totally . 
  in america maybe , this is a chech girl scout , the cookie thing exists only in america . 
   i was saying the way the photographer engineered this photo makes it a work of art , and that skill is the magic itself . 
  if the artist were to tell me it happened by accident , that would take some magic away but add a sort of mystical magic because of how good the artist is themselves without even trying , et al. 
  the other pictures had them just kinda talking , you know ? 
  the author probably snapped hundreds of pictures and picked the one with the baldie looking confrontational . 
   if your sole purpose of doing that research was caused by you misinterpreting what i was appreciating , i apologize , i 'm grateful for the work you put in , and i hope i cleared up the misunderstanding . 
  hey i do n't care , i did the research for myself and just wanted to share some truth . 
  if you like the craft , that 's cool . 
  i personally do n't think it 's that good . 
   however , if it was solely intended to take away my happiness ( based on the `` kinda takes some magic from the picture '' comment , which could be me misinterpreting since tone through text in subjective ) , ... 
  i 'll let you finish that thought . 
  it 's up to you what you think of the picture , i do n't find it that impressive , but that 's my opinion . 
  the girl scout is actually an antifa/far-left activist , i did some digging for myself to see if there is more truth than we see . 
  she has other pictures with transparents and far-left stuff on her clothes , just informing you that she 's not merely a girl scout . 
  kinda takes some magic from the picture , does n't it ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wojtek_ ( bear ), 
  thanks , that 's very useful . 
  we were immigrants before it was cool , you know , because our country was getting fucked up and dissapeared from the map for some time as well . 
  op is a butthurt , far left ideologue troll . 
  look up his/her comment history to check out what kind of posts he/she makes . 
  most activity is clearly intended to incite reaction from ( usually ) poles by simplifying polish problems according to his/her own ideology . 
  he/she also calls people on the other side of the political spectrum ` ideologues ' which gives a nice idea of op 's self-awarness . 
  now , to the marie , the last part of her name is conveniently missed , how intellectually honest on the op 's side . 
  the truth is , the nationality of marie curie sk\u0141odowska is not so simple , and some nice , insightful comments were made by people here , so i do n't have to repeat them . 
  the post has clearly a troll agenda behind it , so i flagged it , and i hope others do same as well . 
  by majority i think . 
  kebabs are a popular food here , so it 's a good way to make money . 
  other than business purposes i do n't think any turks come here , we do n't have a good economy . 
  i do n't know , we like czechs , and we do n't really care if someone else does n't believe . 
  i honestly did n't even knew that estonia is majority atheist nation . 
  you know , we have a. . . history with russia , and the enemy of my enemy is my friend i guess . 
  now that trump is befriending russia , some poles may see it as a chance to cooperate with both of those countries . 
  it 's the muslim association . 
  when it comes to me , i try to look at people individually , there is a small kebab shop ran by turks next to me . 
  the food is good , the place is clean and they even learned to communicate in polish , and are generally very polite , i respect that . 
  also turks living in poland , as little of them as it is , have voted by majority no in recent referendum , so maybe our dislike for them is a little bit misguided . 
  poles ' natural enemies are muslims , well , the muslims themselves do n't give too much shit about poles , so i do n't think it 's mutual , but we do dislike them very much on average . 
  good food and catholicism . 
   i would consider poles closer to ukranians or russians poles have very little to do with those two . 
  different language , different alphabet , different cultures and even different religion . 
  might need to inform yourself little better on that topic . 
  at least with czechs we have similar language and love for beer . 
  culturally it 's a matter of debate , because we 're religious and they 're not , but i 'd say we have as many similarities as differences . 
  czechs are definitely closer and more dear to poles than russians and ukrainians . 
  what if i saw bad individuals from that group tens of times , but never good individials ? 
  and every person i know shares the same experiences from countless stories ?
