just imagine the headlines a couple of years down the road . 
  ok , newsflash ( everybody with a brain should understand this ) : - spain does not want to grab land ( gibraltar ) . 
  it 's not realistic to think that way . 
  - spain has the right to have a border policy with a country outside the eu ( just as you do , you self entitled ***** ) . 
  - uk should negotiate a deal with spain regarding gibraltar . 
  and we should understand each other , because we do n't want any problems with you guys . 
  and when i say a deal , i mean a border-deal ( not a sovereign deal ) . 
  - so stop bullying spain , stop using propaganda and dirty tactics . 
  chill , like the minister say . 
  because if you want a good deal ... you should n't be doing that . 
  you 're doing the opposite of what you should be doing ... 
  i 'm amazed at how effective the british propaganda seems to be . 
  all this ` articles ' out of nowhere trying to bully spain . 
  you guys have mastered it !, 
  you can say any bullshit that comes through your mind and your ` news ' spread like wildfire . 
  any other country could state double your bullshit and it would get lost in the ether , nobody taking it seriously . 
  this is hilarious . 
  these next three years are going to be a lot of fun !, 
  what happened with the netherlands ? 
  why are n't they in the agreement ? 
  oh well ... then he 's only a hypocrite . 
  to be fair , the ones most responsible are the british people . 
  you ca n't give power to the people and then blame the one who gave it to them instead of , you know , the actual people who voted . 
  bravo , portugal !, 
  god bless italy !, 
  the only way this will work is if european policies are the sum of its parts and not centered in one specific country ( or a specific bloc ) . 
  for example : common defense . 
  it 's hardly going to work if one country 's borders are not taken as seriously as another . 
  when possible threats ( met with diplomacy only , i hope ) arise , a coherent , homogeneous response has to be articulated . 
  the matters of one country have to be the matters of all europe . 
  if that country is europe and that country is attacked = =  europe is attacked ( again , let 's hope only diplomatic responses are necessary , but you ca n't have a strong voice without a strong military supporting it ) . 
  europe needs to act in two key fields in order to accomplish a unified and strong europe that 's a main actor in the world , instead of a set of waning countries who dream of past glories . 
  the one that evokes the heart ( cultural ) and the one that evokes the brain ( economic , military ) . 
  i 've always felt that if the european states remain separated , they 're destined to be peripherial actors and the quality of life for european citizens will eventually fade . 
  european countries - individually - have been losing speed since the 20th century . 
  only concrete , specific actions and a plan to carry them out can craft a european identity . 
  if not , the union will fail like a sand castle in a wind gust . 
  i see too much bureaucracy and not pragmatic solutions and concrete initiavies that move us forward in all important aspects of our life . 
  i hope the brexit accelerates the construction of europe . 
  although even that is going to be slow as fuck . 
  what i meant by weak in my post ( i assume you are referring to the europe is weak part ) is that from a nation-state point of view it 's really weak . 
  it 's weak in the sense that it does n't have the structural , organizational or legislative supports that make it stand still when a storm hits . 
  a little wind blows and it could potentially fall . 
  for example your country is a really strong state ( i 'm not even talking militarilly , i 'm just talking stability-wise ) in which even populism has a really tough time making its supports fall . 
  europe would n't resist a trump . 
  if for example le pen were to win in france everything would fall . 
  that was the meaning of that phrase . 
  but regarding your questions , no , i do n't think they 're weak . 
  i have the opinion south korea or japan are going to have a hard time not falling under the sphere of influence of china in the future , or avoiding a deep dependency of their economies on china . 
  i ca n't predict the future obviously , that 's my impresions long-term ( i have to highlight long-term here because this is not going to happen tomorrow ) . 
  regarding the individual european countries : germany is strong , france is strong , uk is strong ... but my point is they 're destined to wane and become more irrelevant in the future ( again , long-term here , not tomorrow ) . 
  you 're not going to be able to compete forever with emerging regions ( i think the narrative employed and terms chosen by xi jinping are spot on ) in the distant future . 
  because the world is changing , that 's globalization right there . 
  that 's the reason you have to build europe now , because it will take time . 
  i do n't state this from an imperialistic point of view , but rather from a quality of life for its citizens point of view . 
  you do n't want to be a periphery state , it 's a rough deal in a lot of facets . 
  anyways , i 'm not in the possession of the truth , it just makes sense to me . 
  the idea of the european nation is deeply rooted in the colective subconscious of its citizens from as early as the xviii century . 
  the problem is how to make it a reality , instead of a vague dream . 
  and the difficulties are enormous , of course . 
  you do n't want to make it a fascist empire , you do n't want to make it a weak federation . 
  you have to find the balance in a lot of different aspects . 
  yes , that was exactly my point . 
  renounce a little bit to our own nationalism to build a supra , european nationalism . 
  he 's speaking the truth . 
  the world of tomorrow will see the tiny european countries losing their status and struggling to compete with the bigger ones . 
  the european union ( at least the idea , the concept , not necessarilly the way it is implemented right now ) is the only alternative that would allow us to maintain a strong voice in a globalized world in which european countries - once the light of the world - will be lagging behind other bigger super powers . 
  i think europe is weak right now and i hope we can find a solution to make europe stronger yet draw a scenario in which all citizens can find a common space of freedom and well being . 
  it 's not an easy task , yet there 's not other way out . 
  the countries who are the leaders of europe economically , demographically , culturally , etc. . . or the ones that have a great history behind them tend to have this intrinsic nationalistic view in which they think they can maintain their status . 
  i think long term they wo n't be able to , so building europe now ( while we still have time ) is the wiser way to go . 
  yet we 'll have all to sacrifice a little bit of our nationalism in order to achieve a greater good . 
  of course , what i 'm talking about here it 's not going to affect us in the short-term , i 'm talking bigger picture here . 
  i do n't know , 50 to 100 years ? 
  but if you look at the past , nations did n't get born in a short period , they needed a lot of craft and energy towards their creation . 
  how comes ? 
  i 'm just trying to make a point . 
  as a spanish i 'll offer my two cents on this issue . 
  gibraltar is not a big deal by itself ( in the sense that it 's a tiny rock , it 's not a big area ) . 
  it does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  i could look at it from the point of view of it being lost in a war to great britain and being declared as a colonial possession in the utretch treaty ... so legally spain has a right to that territory . 
  but leaving that aside ... 
  i do n't give a fuck about gibraltar . 
  we have andorra as a small tiny country in the north and do n't give a fuck about it either . 
  now , let 's talk about the things that really bother me about gibraltar . 
  the fact that it acts as a hostile neighbour who takes advantage of spain and of it being part of uk who is a key ally of nato , so spain can not reply to aggressive actions taken by gribraltar ( of course with the consent of london ) . 
  if you get informed you 'll see nuclear submarines , territorial water violations , expansion through sea that is totally illegal , tax haven , etc. 
  as i said before , gibraltar can do this because it 's part of uk , which is also a key member of nato and a key ally to the us . 
  so spain basically has its hands tied because - obviously - it ca n't fight against the us and the uk . 
  more or less that 's what bothers me about gibraltar that has nothing to do with nationalistic pride . 
  why should i care about a small tiny rock in the south if it were not for what i already said ? 
  multi-speed imo and in this post-brexit context means : - uk was the main opposer to further integration ( there were more states , but uk was the most important by far ) . 
  now that it 's gone , we can more strongly push for further integration . 
  - the thing that the 4 states with the most gdp are there together saying it , means that europe is moving . 
  they think if they form a bloke , other countries will follow sooner or later . 
  in the end is a message of unity and of trying to form a new europe . 
  things in the agenda : fiscal unity ( spain has vouched for this ) , defense policy ( european army incoming ) , etc. 
  the end is near !, 
  love it !, 
  my understanding is that is the opposite of what you just said .
