he sucks everyones dick tho and let 's not forget he flowed money to hillary . 
  yeah that 's a great idea !, 
  let 's sink netherlands even more and fuck up global climate . 
   turkey really ? 
  i do n't think our mosques are spreading wahhabi bullshit . 
  most of them are regulated by government . 
  as far as i know mosques in germany are pretty much same with mosques in here . 
  this means they are not spreading extremism they spreading akp propaganda ( which will eventually evolve into extremism . 
  have fun with your ticking bomb ) . 
  did n't they cut those trees ? 
  lol username checks out . 
  they blocked onedrive too ... 
  you did n't said anything about kurds and russia usually bombs west/saudi backed `` moderates '' . 
  your `` moderate muslim rebels of democracy and freedom '' are terrorists too . 
  yesterday they executed a 13 yo kid because of blasphemy . 
  they shot few rounds at his body then one round to head . 
  as usual they screamed `` allahu aqbaar '' so allah will hear them , justify their savagery and grant them 72 huri in heaven ... few months ago , they beheaded a 12 yo palestinian boy . 
  those savages thought boy is an `` assad spy '' because of his palestinian origins . 
  they tortured little boy by injecting liquid soap to his arm . 
  they told the boy `` it 's a medicine '' . 
  after boy 's suffering , they beheaded kid with a dull knife ... do n't let me start other fucked up shit made by your moderates , like village massacres or demolishing historical sites . 
  i hope russia keeps bombing those savages . 
  i hope other states join them too . 
  i just want to see them wiped out from face of the earth ... 
  looks like it 's a unisex name but i never met a girl named meri\u00e7 . 
  naming a girl meri\u00e7 feels like naming a girl f\u0131rat or tuna . 
  `` meri\u00e7 shield '' mate . 
  bulgarians are calling that river maritsa or something . 
  edit : i just realised `` maritsa '' is a female name in bulgaria and `` meri\u00e7 '' is a male name in turkey . 
  would n't it be weird if a guy named meri\u00e7 dates with a girl named maritsa ? 
  we were n't in the war at first but an asshole pasha called enver dragged us into war and caused all those atrocities . 
  enver was a mistake ... 
  hmm your renown is too low . 
  come back when you proved yourself in battlefields . 
  ww1 was a mistake . 
  where is the iceland ? 
  turkey , albania , bulgaria and other balkan states are the mexico of europe . 
  poland is like north dakota of europe . 
  do you guys really shocked about this ? 
  he licked his spit just like erdo\u011fan , hillary or any other dishonest politicians . 
  karaka\u00e7an dog ?? 
  what does `` karakachanka '' means in bulgarian ? 
  same in here too . 
  we call it `` kurt k\u00f6pe\u011fi '' . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/akbash_dog so cute < 3, 
  in 3 weeks she is going to be labeled as racist, 
  we have a province called `` batman '', 
  https://youtu.be/chdge2yxvma is that the `` movie '' you are talking about ? 
  spain . 
  maybe southern france, 
  uhh this is why i wrote `` this is sad '' . 
  before erdo\u011fan , turkish mosques were n't a propaganda tool ... 
  funnily enough serbia is a visa-free country for turkish citizens :d i did n't know that . 
  okay i will come if united cyprus refuses turkish citizens . 
  i hope you guys do n't have any asshole border polices . 
  so there is still hope . 
  i do n't want to lose my access to there . 
  even most cypriot turks do n't like us ( mainland turks ) , we love them and we love to visit them < 3 atleast most of them are open minded people . 
  even their right-wing party is kind of open minded . 
  they are conscious enough to not fuck-up their country with their votes and they are not a fan of political islam/islamism . 
  almost no women wear hijab and noone interrupts others lifestyle . 
  north cyprus is like a turkey atat\u00fcrk wanted . 
  nope , your government requires visa and other stuff . 
  i do n't want to mess with shitton of bureaucracy . 
  this is sad ... 
  i have a question . 
  i usually take a ferry to trnc and gamble in there . 
  people like me goes to cyprus for gambling because gambling is illegal in turkey ( since 1996 ) . 
  my question is , if cyprus reunites , will i be still able to take a ferry and gamble in there ? 
  it 's about money and they know we wo n't accept them . 
  most of the `` gurbet\u00e7i '' people are considered arrogant , spoiled , piece of shits in turkey . 
  most of them are sharia lover islamists because of unregulated islam in western countries , their turkish is broken . 
  they think they are better than everybody because they are driving a fucking bmw . 
  they vote leftist parties in germany and vote erdo\u011fan in turkey . 
  they love insulting atat\u00fcrk and turkishness . 
  they can go fuck themselves with their shitty ghetto culture . 
  sure there are good people amongst them but they are a tiny minority . 
  i hope they will stay in their country . 
  germans asked for uneducated peasant turks for doing their dirty jobs and this is their problem now . 
  not ours . 
  i believe it 's kunter . 
  why she ca n't comprehend the simple logic ? 
  if you import the third world , you will become the third world . 
  finally !, 
  turn them into cultural muslims already !, 
  good job europe !, 
  ban headscarf in public buildings too !, 
  he was a kgb agent in tataristan . 
  seriously , deport those fucktards . 
  wish , i could go back to year 2000 and warn everybody what will happen in next 16 years ( 9/11 , refugees , erdo\u011fan , putin , iraq , greece , arab spring , columbia disaster , islamists , tsunamis etc. ), 
  even we are not europe , a crisis in here will affect europe and u.s. 
  i am pretty sure you said the same thing ( who cares ) when syrian civil war started and 5 years later europe have a migrant crisis and now you are probably crying about migrants and islam . 
  if you `` cared '' back in 2011 you could 've prevent the syrian shitstorm in your precious eu . 
  you should care what 's happening in my shithole country because nobody knows what will happen in next 5 years . 
  well , every military has its own needs . 
  altay tanks would probably fulfill our military 's needs better than leopards . 
  think it like that , you want to get a new pc . 
  which pc would be better for you ? 
  a pc you built your own or a prebuilt pc you bought ? 
  dude , i did n't started some patriotic shit .
