  so , political movements in bulgaria are basically pissing contest . 
  thank you for your revealing answer . 
  i wish i could buy upvotes with comment karma :\\, 
   we do n't want turks ruling over us . 
  that shit is called democracy and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  we have a kurdish party over here . 
  minorities have their right to elect their representives or shit might happen . 
  for instance , i am an alawite and i am voting for chp in here . 
  because they are the only party that cares us . 
  lol islamic empire . 
  jeez ... you are turcophobe . 
  could you explain why they are harmful to your `` glourious slavic '' country ? 
  yes we should import l\u00fctfi mestan guy . 
  edit : can someone explain why i am getting downvoted ? 
  as far as i know , that ahmet do\u011fan guy is russia 's puppet . 
  so fuck him . 
  i have no idea about l\u00fctfi mestan but he supported turkey on jet incident . 
  he seems like a good guy for turkey and bulgaria . 
  is he islamist or some shit like that ? 
  is dps a separatist movement ? 
  what is the difference between dost and dps ? 
  as far as i know , dost is pro-eu and pro-nato . 
  they do n't look like islamists . 
  please explain turkish political movements in bulgaria.thanks . 
  good . 
  you are basically saying people should not oppress oppressive things . 
  saudis want more slaves , soldiers and power . 
  best way to get more slaves and power is using your oil money for funding wahhabism ( a.k.a isis ' sect ) and try to destroy kuffars ( a.k.a people do n't obey them ) . 
  do n't forget the fact they are feminist too !, 
  what ? 
  nope , fgm , honour killings and child marriage are just their tradition . 
  yurop should respect glourious kurdish traditions . 
  i do n't think it has something to do with turcophobia . 
  well , our galactic leader tayibion erdorg will give citizenship to syrians in here for arabizing us more . 
  i am pretty sure they will migrate when they got their citizenship . 
  but you are right . 
  we never emigrated illegally even in bloody military coups . 
  we love our country even she is not generous to us . 
  i will stop loving her when sharia comes ... 
  may i ask your thoughts on visa-free travel for turkish students ? 
  and i also believe that crime thing and illegal immigration can be solved easily on border checks . 
  border officers should ask for criminal records and other paper shit for turkish citizens . 
  visa-free does n't mean there should be no problem at border checks am i right ? 
  btw , i think most of us wo n't pass vienna :p . i just want to visit few balkan countries , taste their rak\u0131 ( and wine ) , visit ataturk 's house and come back to home without spending my time on bureaucracy and shitton of money . 
  i am pretty sure most of turks would do something like i would do . 
  also , it will boost greece 's tourism , 
  satan checks his sheitan buddy . 
  edit : no it was vice-versa . 
  and shitty media . 
  no , erdogan and his arselickers are islamofascist nazis . 
  i think this is the wrong sub for insulting a nation . 
  you can insult erdo\u011fan as much as you want but please , do not generalize us by looking at erdo\u011fan . 
  turkey is one of the most ideologically divided country in the world but our shitty election system ( and little bit of fraud ) is the reason why we have akp in power . 
  do you guys know that erdogan is not turkish right ? 
  he is georgian and he was a football player . 
  he reminds me the austrian painter dude with funny moustache . 
   500 pounds use metric american spy !, 
  you are right ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) but after the jet incident , our government and ukraine government started to become more close . 
  both countries have a '' enemy of my enemy is my friend '' logic and strong trade agreements . 
  we love georgia , albania , macedonia , azerbaijan , bosnia and due to recent events ukraine . 
  thanks fam i did n't know azerbaijan and us were islamic state !, 
  fucking aliyev destroys every islamist movement in his country and we just have an temporary dipshit who is an islamist . 
  oh and iran , our relations with iran is bad because of armenia and russia . 
  iran also considering recognizing genocide . 
  please go back to stormfront . 
  those last photos are nightmare fuel . 
  think twice before looking . 
  i hope we wo n't see another war . 
  thanks fam . 
  it was interesting to read . 
  seems like you are right ... 
  dude , that christian  muslim thing was a sarcasm :d they both suck . 
  all i am saying is every empire abused its power and oppressed minorities . 
  ottomans were n't an exception so your arguement is invalid . 
  infact , they had a +3 tolerance of heathens and millet https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/millet_ ( ottoman_empire ) but we ca n't say the same thing for late 19th century ottomans ... 
   persecution of ottoman muslims refers to the persecution , massacre , or ethnic cleansing of muslims ( most prominently ottoman turks ) by non-muslim ethnic groups during the dissolution of the ottoman empire . 
  it was n't genocide huh ? 
  okay then ... we persecuted , massacred , ethnically cleansed and relocated armenians but it was n't a genocide . 
  damn man !, 
  your logic really pays !, 
  please show me an empire that did n't oppressed its people . 
  you are blaming ottoman empire for being an empire . 
  i do n't want to be a dick or justifying something but ottomans were n't the only genocider during that period of time . 
  yes i know muslim lives are not important as christian lives ( / s ) but you guys can check this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims edit : i will keep this comment to remind me the importance of sleeping during the finals . 
  lol they do n't even care about eu canditation since 2010 . 
  i think it has nothing to do with xenophobia mate . 
  like i said , niqab is a terrifying thing . 
  you do n't know what is under it . 
  it is a human shaped thing but not human looking . 
  it 's the same reason why fear of clowns exists . 
  if i encounter niqab wearing '' thing '' in a barren street , i would probably shit in my pants . 
  most people will fear from a black humanoid thing right ? 
  also niqab is a threat to society . 
  there could be a gun under that sheet . 
  there could be a man with drugs under it . 
  wearing niqab is a good way for smuggling shit . 
  we witnessed those kind of stories in here a lot . 
  as a turkish , whenever i saw those ninjas , even i feel uncomfortable . 
  idk why but they make me feel terrified . 
  they are like fuckin ' jinns .
