  i just gave some facts about turkish military . 
  maybe , you are the one who should chill :p peace forever < 3, 
  dude , it says per capita and we can produce our own military equipments . 
  we do n't have to import expensive shits that much so we do n't have to give our tax money to military that much . 
  our soldiers probably have same/equivalent gears with you guys but we also have the number advantage  edit : seriously , how the fuck this is patriotic ? 
   strike at the problem 's root the problem 's root is saudis and their oil money . 
  those mosques are just the few tiny branches coming from the root . 
  turkmens in iran are sunni but they are a tiny minority ( 1 million ) . 
  attacker was probably shia . 
  i can only count 2 extremist shia groups ( lebanon 's hezbollah and shabihas ) and they do n't have `` kill the west '' agenda . 
  sure they are anti-west but i do n't think they will prepare pointless attacks like isis . 
  holy shit !, 
  you are right . 
  they are like fraternal twins . 
  no problem bro . 
  this whole coup shit made me furious . 
  i am sorry ... 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  i am an arab and my community wo n't do that . 
  even the syrians wo n't do that !, 
  i do n't know , maybe saudis could do that shit . 
  what the actual fuck mate ? 
  i am from hatay . 
  we do n't have camels . 
  we are using camels as a tourist attraction that 's all . 
  what the fuck mate ? 
  `` ahlulbayt '' is a term for shia muslims ( iranians , azeris , alevis , etc. ) . 
  i think those guys are pro-iran or something . 
  i ca n't say anything about reliability but it 's probably something between christian today and rt. 
  yay !, 
  come on armenians !, 
  all aboard the train of madness !, 
  lets party bitches !!, 
  end is upon us !, 
  this is what erdo\u011fan wants me to do . 
  he wants only brainless fucktards as a citizen . 
  no matter what happens i will stay here and defend my country !, 
  i am crying right now ... 
  they should 've made the coup before dawn . 
  i will give greek my dick hahahaha . 
  remove gyro . 
  go back to peloponnese . 
  1821 worst year of my life . 
  balkan is turkish . 
  mehmed the conqueror was rightful heir of byzantine throne ( seriously he was . 
  that 's very suprising ) justinianus is gay hahahaha . 
  give islands back . 
  we will kill every stinky yunan hahaha . 
  we kill arabs , kurds , serbians , bulgars . 
  we kill albania and bosnia if they refuse to help . 
  turkey stronk . 
  our turkish brothers stronk . 
  turanid master race . 
  turan can kill china and russia . 
  greek can kill pig hahaha . 
  we have lots of common things with serbians . 
  we hate other religions/sects . 
  we love whataboutism and denying shits we done . 
  we believe we are going to rebuild our kingdoms of shit . 
  oh and we are the chosen people of god . 
  it is really good to see we are not alone !, 
  belgrade is ottoman land give it back !, 
  it is more like `` please invade us again '' lol . 
  even we do n't use `` rumeli '' anymore . 
  that state is basically thrace + black sea coast of eu . 
  i see ... 
  they are doing those radical changes very fast . 
  if they get enough negativity from polish people , there might be a revolt soon . 
  same shit happened in egypt . 
  muslim brotherhood made so much radical changes ( and could n't achieved their promises ) and they got fucked by military . 
  my best wishes are with you guys . 
  what happened ? 
  uk is the new turkey . 
  in 10 years , people are going to full retard and they will believe they are going to establish `` neo-british empire '' . 
  10 years later , other countries are going to say `` it 's such a shame uk became a shithole under the conservative party rule '' . 
  centuries of oppression . 
  balkans was under our control for centuries and ottomans fucked them so much ( ottomans fucked us too ) . 
  after the great war , communism went there and they fucked balkan people again . 
  i am just saying you ca n't be `` modern '' while working your ass off for feeding your family . 
  western europe was lucky to have conditions for spreading new ideas and shit . 
  oh and i do n't think balkans are backward . 
  balkan people became very nationalist after their experiences . 
  it is just a result of oppression for centuries . 
  great !, 
  more pointless talking for both sides ... you guys should 've invited us in 2000s . 
  because right now , we are fucked and i ca n't see any salvation except saving money and fleeing . 
  stupid infidel ionian sea people , obey the hittitian gods !, 
  your gods are not real !, 
  teshup the god of thunder is our father . 
  cybele the goddess of earth is our mother . 
  fuck rapist zeus and his bitch gaia !, 
  thanks mate . 
  i hope bulgaria will become better . 
  holy shit . 
  i knew they were corrupt but not that much . 
  dps is like russian backed akp and dost is like akp backed akp . 
  i think bulgarian government have to shut down those russian & turkish backed parties ( russian backed bulgar parties too ) . 
  it 's for bulgaria 's own sake . 
  for every bulgarian no matter they are turk or bulgar . 
  btw , why they are not shutting those corrupt proxy parties ?
