but support and maintenance is n't free for premium office suites either , would n't it still work out cheaper ? 
  the british government has been trying to switch entirely to open source for the last few years . 
  they 've already switched the department of work and pensions to openoffice almost entirely . 
  the aim is to have all departments to open source by 2016 . 
  i 'll be honest , i think it 's a good idea , why spend millions on getting an office suite when free open source systems are available , allowing funds to be redistributed elsewhere . 
  especially since most staff do n't use any of the advanced features which more fully featured suites offer . 
  fuck off with your shitty copypasta, 
  nuq lah ta ' ` e ' human , lu ' tlhinganpu ' net poqbej huch law ' what can human that had better be the klingons okay prices thanks bing . 
  for being the shittiest translator into every language . 
  same :(, 
  not quite , the ` european idea ' is a specific concept . 
  it is the idea of an open collaboration of those countries that are members of the union and the opening of borders . 
  they have a different idea and that idea is counter to that of the ` european idea ' . 
  well at least a certain % are yeah, 
  hoho . 
  you so funny . 
  http://imgur.com/ujvbb57 it 's funny because the flair sounds like a porn title instead of something which makes sense like `` confirmed poster '', 
  link in the sidebar might need some custom formatting to make it more visible or something . 
  did n't expect the face to move . 
  i would but i 'm a bit of a liberal pro-euro fag . 
  england : the north of england are stout , loud , racist and dumb the south of england are soft ( weak ) , moany , depressed , pretentious and stupid the west are all fake welshies or country bumpkins the east are all fake posh or scummy the centre is the worst of all scotland is empty . 
  the scots do n't live in scotland . 
  wales is full of the welsh ireland is full of the irish nowhere in england likes another area , or there own area even , unless there area is insulted by an outsider , as that 's something only insiders are allowed to do . 
  which is fine and dandy if you are paranoid enough to block almost all cookies except when strictly necessary . 
  and have adblock always on . 
  i would n't say all , it personalises some connected stuff but if it has n't connected you it gives the top searches unedited . 
  and yet not all new states have . 
  pretty sure england is a a part of the eu . 
  we do n't have the euro . 
  each country has a choice . 
  this is a brilliant series . 
  is this series still going ? 
  would love for one for every european country . 
  it seems to depend on the girl & the boy too , if they looks underage even if they are n't then weird looks and maybe even angry looks will be seen , though never anything exactly major would be done . 
  i dunno in my area it is seen weirder to date a 16 year old at 21 than it did for a 16 year old to date a 21 year old ( seen as something of a hero if 21 y.o is hot for managing to pull them , a loser if not for choosing an old person that was n't even hot . ), 
  the older one is seen as a loser who could n't find anyone there own age by there peers though ( know from having a 20 year old gf at 17 and hearing her friends . ), 
  well , you 've all came a long way with the monster problem . 
  it 's all cleared up now then ? 
  ( btw , i love your country , it was the closest to a fantasy world i 've been to , with that extreme geography it has , though i guess you guys get used to it pretty quickly ), 
  ah it least it 's a step in the right direction , if a little stunted . 
  who knows , maybe one day good healthcare will become an international right . 
  i mean , it 's an important issue sure . 
  but there is a bit of a song and dance about it . 
  it should be dealt with in a legal manner , not public opinion do n't you think ? 
  i think the real issue is it 's taking so long to sort out . 
  the thing was n't that complicated was it ? 
  and the vampires ? 
  your family can do , is all good . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  that is what happens a lot of the time though and is how they can manage without knowing the language . 
  it is only really the rather more desperate ones that move and never learn it though ( or in places like france where there are actual insular communities of people that only work and live with those of there own home country . 
  but those guys tend to be rich enough already to get away with it or the community is so strong that it 's like a piece of that country for them . ), 
  there are justifiable reasons for never learning the written language fully though , such as if you 're from a country with an entirely different writing system . 
  it 's not just learning a new language but how to read and write again , a very difficult task for anybody to do . 
  and it 's impossible to stay in another country for a long time without at least picking up the pigeon version of the language and some of the basics like numbers and some key difficult but important phrases . 
  oh you guys have nhs with that act or it just alleviating some but not all costs ? 
  ah they have a treaty now ? 
  i 'm honestly surprised `` plebgate '' is still in the news , i mean sure it was dodgy . 
  but not exactly a huge story . 
  work for your distant family , get paid pittance and exploited by own family as ca n't work anywhere else . 
  or get exploited with dodgy ( but technically legal ) contracts by a service industry that does n't require you to talk , like hotel cleaning or factory work . 
  simple , how it works here for those that do n't speak the language . 
  they had kilts as uniforms where you are ? 
  the faroe islands is proportionally rather higher than all its neighbours . 
  i wonder why ? 
  which to be fair , i 've met at most one guy that were exactly that but i suppose it 's just a stereotype painting the perception of an ass-hole more than anything that ever actually is seen in reality . 
  originally a very specific stereotype of someone that pretends to be cultured , hip and well travelled in europe whilst simultaneously being very out-of-style , aggressive to none-european culture and trashy is where i heard it came from . 
  which is an oddly specific stereotype based on shit knows what , probably made by some more bigoted folks . 
  romania is fucking beautiful a country . 
  yeah , but that 's true everywhere . 
  there were plenty of them in the last 70 years . 
  well not really weeded out in christian scriptures either , just ignored by most sane, 
  that 's not local at all . 
  all vicious attacks should be international . 
  make a point that it 's not ok . 
  better for open criticism than to ignore mistakes , shows the community cares . 
  i 've never read a more opinionated news source . 
   not likely and could take years which is opinion not fact . 
   companies will lose profit well fuck that , consumers matter far more than companies , new better companies always replace the old shitty ones . 
  i still think you 're up your own ass . 
  you are not some snowflake distinct amongst snowflakes . 
  you 're a conceited ass-hole who thinks that they ca n't change . 
  you 'd rather be right than for someone else to prove you wrong , even if the result is worse for you than changing your ways . 
  stop being up your own ass . 
  you can wallow in self-pity all you fucking like but there will be nobody left to care about you , not even yourself . 
  you should prove to every fucker that ever doubted you that you 're worth a damn . 
  stop getting in your own fucking way . 
  i have been too similar to you for too long . 
  you just refuse to accept that you have more in common than you believe . 
  help only works if you want it to . 
  well do n't force it . 
  and you either went to the wrong help or were being too stubborn to listen . 
  you 'd think so but you 're wrong . 
  you just need to actually try instead of lying to yourself . 
  / r/getbetter / r/getmotivated / r/banana, 
  better way , cause they 'll still be able to get at the ashes eventually , shot into space . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  they use ipsos mori , bods wander the streets with clipboards , i 've seen em all over the place . 
  maybe you do n't get out enough ? 
  that 's how surveys work , randomised sample of a large enough sample size that it gives a good picture but not necessarily the full picture .
