glad you enjoyed it . 
  they have plenty of instrumental and english language songs too on youtube . 
  shameful . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uty6mi0os2w the bothy band from ireland . 
  lysenko is a fascinating character . 
  the way that lysenkoism mirrored marxism with it 's their respective emphasis on the perfectibility of plants/people through the `` sciences '' of nuclear biology and historical materialism is one of the finest examples of very bright people being utterly stupid that i have ever seen . 
  i meant in chess . 
  georgian women were world champions in the 80 's with chiburdinidzi and gaprindashvilli ( apologies for spelling ) . 
  what % of players in an open tournament would be female in georgia ? 
  in ireland it might be 5 % , in poland 25-35 % . 
  just curious if it would be higher in georgia . 
  how about chess . 
  do you play yourself and are georgian women as strong as ever ? 
  i hear that you can meet the best azeris in prison ... http://www.amnesty.org/en/region/azerbaijan, 
  you can also see the iss 's perspective looking down on you on this site . 
  i think that they have the most nobel winners per head of population too . 
  only one winner but the small population skews the stats . 
  during the plantation of ulster the area was ethnically cleansed of most of it 's inhabitants . 
  the invaders set up `` a protestant state for a protestant people '' . 
  the local people that remained were treated as second class citizens in a form of apartheid . 
  protestant parties in northern ireland thus empathise with the israeli government . 
  secondly the dup in northern ireland ( of which paisley is a member ) are insane religious fundamentalists who believe that the earth is 6,000 years old . 
  i assume that they also share a belief with the more eccentric type of american fundamentalist that an israeli state is mentioned in the bible as a necessary precondition for the return of jesus to earth . 
  i was hoping noone from the north would notice this thread . 
  how did croatia get into this situation ? 
  i had no idea it was so bad there . 
  the article is about european countries though . 
  catalonia is merely one of the many regions under the wise and benevolent rule of madrid . 
  you do have the most depressing song in the world as well ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivizahqyztm, 
  i might well be wrong but there was a party man who was a big thing in the house of authors and i suspect sholokhov may have been the model for that character . 
  i 'm rereading matter at the moment . 
  up to last year i would be impatiently waiting for his new novel around this time of year . 
  i love his dark humour . 
  when he received his fatal diagnosis he asked his long term partner if she would do him the honour of being his widow . 
  jesus , poor kids . 
  utterly brilliant poetry but more for the older generation i would have thought . 
  my english translation is by irish nobel laureate seamus heany btw . 
  highly recommended for any english/non polish speaking friends of yours who might be interested . 
  if you enjoy sci-fi yourself may i suggest scottish writer iain m banks ? 
  i ca n't recommend him highly enough . 
  i have read nothing by christopher hitchens but will have a look for him discussing orwell on youtube . 
  i have a nasty suspicion that the current orwell went off to fight for freedom in arabia , discovered the hard way the difference between totalitarian islamism , nationalism and the cynical game playing of the great powers and was on his or her way home to present their case clearly before the world before being blown to smithereens by a tomahawk missile . 
  the thought of orwell on reddit is highly amusing . 
  the idea that you can be against both sets of bastards in a conflict is not well suited to the upvote/downvote system . 
  i think he would have liked twitter for it 's unmediated first hand reporting however . 
  first read them about 25 years ago and reread occasionally . 
  i believe the standard description is `` a rollicking good read '' . 
  thanks . 
  i like that they sound characteristic of their country 's culture . 
  i said to another finnish poster itt that i only realised tonight that i had never read a finnish novel . 
  clearly this state of affairs must be rectified . 
  i love durrell , he and adams were part of my childhood . 
  as you enjoyed my family and other animals may i suggest king solomon 's ring by konrad lorenz ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_solomon's_ring_ ( nonfiction ) i do hope that you read it as i 'm certain any durrell fan will enjoy it . 
  thanks , been suggested twice already so i 'll have to give it a read . 
  i 've always been a bit nervous of hungarian literature . 
  always associated it with melancholia for some reason . 
  i 'll use the door as an entry point i think . 
  ( boom boom , thank you , i 'm here all week ) . 
  i have just now noticed that i have never read a book by a finn . 
  how odd . 
  this must change . 
  thanks for the recommendations . 
  thank you very much . 
  i was genuinely afraid to google the book as your and / u/neredev 's enthusiasm for it make me want to read it without any preconceptions or expectations . 
  down and out in paris and london , homage to catalonia , the road to wigan pier . 
  every one a classic in my mind as well as the short story collections . 
  have you read his review of mein kampf ? 
  http://www.openculture.com/2014/08/george-orwell-reviews-mein-kampf-1940.html ? 
  his ability to see through the commonplace assumptions of his time is astonishing . 
  i would never have considered planet of the apes and now i will pick it up next time i see it , many thanks !, 
  france has no shortage of classics to be sure . 
  i 'm thinking of starting swann 's way and then burying myself in the whole of proust for a few months . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  i 'm afraid anything religious is a big turn off for me though . 
  growing up in 70 's ireland can do that to a man . 
  any modern greek books you can recommend ? 
  can you suggest an english translation ? 
  limonov looks absolutely fascinating on the basis of this piece http://www.worldliteraturetoday.org/2012/march/limonov-emmanuel-carrere . 
  i 'm not even going to google les m\u00e9moires d'outre-tombe . 
  i 'm just going to buy and read it . 
  can you recommend an english translation ? 
  my french is only sufficient for chatting in the pub . 
  phew . 
  i was afraid that they might be from last week . 
  thanks for the links . 
  i look forward to reading them . 
  thanks beck2012 . 
  i 'll see if its possible to find the deluge . 
  i replied re the modern book to the poster below who expanded on the subject . 
  thanks . 
  both look very interesting . 
  i love short stories and they do n't seem to be published much these days . 
  i suspect that gombrowicz was on the same boat to buenos aires as the polish team that traveled to the last pre-war chess olympiad . 
  some of them stayed in argentina and made the country a force in post-war western chess . 
  moishe `` miguel '' najdorf 's story was particularly poignant . 
  determined to regain contact with his family after the war he decided to do a feat so spectacular that every newspaper in europe would carry his name and his relatives would know where to contact him . 
  he played 45 opponents simultaneously while blindfolded . 
  not a single one of his extended ( jewish ) family of 50-60 contacted him . 
  all were murdered . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_najdorf the only polish writers i have read are ryszard kapuscinski ( who can probably safely be called a fiction writer by now ) and the medieval poet who wrote so beautifully about the loss of his young daughter whose name i ca n't remember .
