  it 's a traditional date based upon brown v the board of education . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  you are being racist . 
  there is only the human race . 
  i 'll throw you a bone , pun intended . 
  if someone with native american ancestry bread with someone with african ancestry what would the outcome be ? 
  there is no mention of race . 
  you are imposing your false ideas of race upon the document . 
  that is not race , that is ancestry . 
  haha , yeah !, 
  usa : exporting 19th century science and racism since 1954 . 
  in scotland we 're not allowed our own media ... head k : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserved_and_excepted_matters#list_of_reserved_matters, 
  mmmmmmmmmm ... 
  there 's a polish builder i know who 'd be able to put up the gallows for you . 
  good guy , works cheaply too . 
  there is no such thing as race scientifically . 
  you americans ... 
  i find even the bread and cheese are quite flavourless . 
  get yourself some crowdie and scottish oatcakes !, 
  soul food !, 
  the english , they keep crossing our southern border . 
  we really should fix that wall ... 
  our neighbours just voted us out of europe never to return ... 
  the bbc did an interesting radio series on the history of russia from the swedish rus to whatever year is was that they wrote it . 
  they set russia as cycling between being eurocentric and asiacentric ( huns and mongols and choosing the orthodox church over rome ) . 
  it was a bit gatekeeper-ish , saying russia is n't * really * europe . 
  old nato priorities reign still . 
  totally right !, 
  # 3.7428 billion in 2015 -- 16 . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's good that it 's there for those who do n't have a license . 
  do you think this is worthwhile ? 
  there 's always this : http://www.parliamentlive.tv/commons, 
  yes , there are now about 40 channels that are `` free to air '' that you need a licence for . 
  you also need that even if you are only watching the cable or satellite channels you pay for . 
  still too dear for how much i 'd watch . 
  better going to the cinema !, 
  is n't it # 170 something ? 
  microwave pizzas and macaroni pies . 
  that 's about it . 
  perhaps reheating soup . 
  i 've had my run-ins with those too . 
  any on who is in a mini-cooper . 
  nutters , the lot of them . 
  celtic brothers forever . 
  they should have !, 
  he moved back to leiden as soon as he could . 
  i suspect , rather than his wife 's desire their son be brought up fully dutch that the the desire for chocolate sprinkles was the real reason ... 
  this might be the best thing ever :'), 
  really ? 
  i 'll have to come back . 
  i regret not buying the canned bear meat . 
  is that good ? 
  that 's the one !, 
  i could n't believe you serve it in restaurants . 
  so tasty . 
  you are not a scot !, 
  i 've met people from all over the world who are from all over scotland and that 's their go to . 
  mashed up eggs in a cup . 
  this instant : bile yersel 2 eggs , peel them whilst still warm , put them in a cup . 
  add a daud of butter about half the size of an egg , it should melt . 
  add about half a tea spoon of salt . 
  mash it up . 
  eat on toast or straight from the cup with a teaspoon . 
  i 've a tv , but it 's not set up to receive a signal . 
  the uk has a tv license that 's nearly # 200 per year . 
  nothing really worth the fee . 
  perhaps some bbc4 stuff , but nothing i really miss . 
  i have too many dvds that i 'd prefer i had on a hard drive though . 
  no , mashed up boiled egg in a cup . 
  wi loads of salt !, 
  i remember a dutch colleague who had just moved to scotland asking me in the office : `` so , can you tell me where you buy the chocolate sprinkles ? '', 
  and i had to break it to him we do n't do that shit in scotland . 
  it 's nothing but cigarette ash and disappointment on your breakfast toast here . 
  he looked heartbroken , `` no chocolate sprinkles ?! '', 
  best chips in europe though . 
  made with ayrshire potatoes . 
  mmmmmm ... 
  i like finnish food . 
  it 's much like ours but with reindeer instead of venison or beef . 
  no other country does mashed up eggs and butter but scotland and finland . 
  mmmmmm . 
  you love the dill a wee bit too much though . 
  shut up and eat your sticky toffee pudding . 
  i 'd give up the classism and snobbery that drives this . 
  in shetland you 've got du and dee still . 
  in yorkshire there 's a bit of the thou and thee too . 
  it 's got liquor in it . 
  in my experience i 've always found the eating in switzerland surprisingly bland . 
  well factually there are differences . 
  for example scotland has never ceased to have an independent legal system ( or education system or church ) . 
  so when laws are announced on the news often they are reported as they are universal when they do n't apply in scotland e.g. 
  the ramblers and the right to roam , that 's not an issue in scotland . 
  you have english firms buying up carparks and land in scotland and issuing fines for people `` illegally parking '' which people pay even though the fines are not legal in scotland . 
  the nhs is english , nhs scotland is separate so when but the nhs is spoken about as if it 's uk wide . 
  rspca or motor neuron disease charities ( as are almost all charities ) only are instituted in england and wales and only spend their money there but fundraise in scotland , where we have our equivalent charities that get far less than the fair share . 
  scottish tv is rarely played outside scotland , complaints are made about scottish tv presenters to the point that they put on english accents . 
  personally i lived in england for 6 years and i lived further away in another part of scotland for 5 . 
  every day in england i was asked when i was going back to scotland , i was never once asked when i was moving back to my part of scotland . 
  so that separateness quite strongly enforced by english/british culture by either being pointed out or by actual important differences being overlooked or seen as invalid .
