  national food , national drink , national dress , national music national etc we got angry at the english . 
  and what did all the other nations of the world do to help ? 
  join in with their own national this and that 's !, 
  to this day there 's no national english anything ( and barely a national welsh or irish anything because they had them in the bag by then anyway and did n't need to flatter them with any of this national stuff  ), 
  grrrrrrrr, 
  you can march against them on one of our many weekly [ anti-catholic hate parades ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxtecfjvc-a ) if you 're lucky every now and again they turn into [ riots ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2afgn_t6qe ) good for [ fancy dress ] ( http://www.deadlinenews.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/1.jpg ) too !, 
  porridge & whisky 3 . 
  the english 4 . 
  i 'm too canny to make mistakes . 
  get yourself some home disco lights !, 
  it 's awesome , 
  at some point in the future this will be known as the golden age , as all times are . 
  england does n't have its own parliament . 
  sometimes there are bills introduced that only affect england . 
  we now have english votes for english laws ( evel ) where non-english constituencied mps are kicked out for a portion of the voting and debate . 
  this means there are 1st and 2nd class mps . 
  it also makes it highly unlikely there will ever be a non-english constituencied prime minister again because they will not be entitled to vote and debate all that comes before parliament . 
  there 's nothing excluding non-english constituencied folk , but it 's effectively the case given the uk 's ad hoc we 'll deal with that eventuality should it arise when it arises constitution . 
  do n't tell them about the clicking of the fingers , it 's the secret brit sign that gets you the first class service and lots of bonus free stuff . 
  and correct the italians on what a peperoni really is . 
  there 's over 500 incidents a year on scottish hills and we lose about [ 50 people per year ] ( http://www.scottishmountainrescue.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/mrcos-stats-presentation-march-2015.pdf ) . 
  careful now . 
  `` god save our gracious queeeeeeeeeen ! ... '', 
  it ... * shudder * it ... touches your lip . 
  savagery ... savagery , i say !, 
  i take it he gave you your username :p, 
  * twitch ... twitch *, 
  americans are cool , i do n't know if i could eat a whole one though . 
  if they have trouble with your accent they are probably hard of hearing . 
  just shout at them very slowly , they appreciate the help . 
  we still drive those in glasgow . 
  please , demonstrate how good you are at both the scots and the accent , over and over and over . 
  and then tell us how good the clan system is and that you 're so let down that we 're a socialist leaning country who like to look after our extended scottish clan . 
  and who the hell is jock tamson anyway ... 
  i seen it . 
  near stookied him for it !, 
  tell everyone what fraction scottish you are , like a good racist . 
  it 's `` scotch '' , not scottish or scots . 
  tell folk they misspelled `` whiskey '' . 
  and have a coke with your single malt . 
  find a bar with a union flag outside , buy a drink and remember to shout the good ole scots salute : `` up the ra ! '', 
  ( use this with extreme caution . ), 
  in the order of 1/25 of our earnings in income tax . 
  according to this bbc page : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-16744819, 
  yes . 
  do n't know what that is . 
  nothing . 
  ( other than tax ) it 's free , free prescriptions . 
  saves loads of lives of folk i know , we do n't have to beg for lifesaving treatments on kickstarter like we 're in a paul verhoven film . 
  yes , but those who want to sell it will say otherwise . 
  the funding is dependent upon how much england wants to fun their nhs , which they are selling off so there 'll be a point where ours is unsustainable because of the decisions of how another nation wishes to fund theirs . 
  oh and we ** do n't ** have death panels . 
  enjoyed them , especially the avicii one !, 
  phenotypes . 
  i did read it , you racist . 
  true . 
  tgere is no such thing as race . 
  cool !, 
  thanks , 
  i listen to songs in scottish gaelic ( julie fowlis , capercaillie , runrig ) and irish ( bothy band , rubber bandits etc ) . 
  some welsh ( ceris matthews . ), 
  some quebecois music . 
  german industrial and kraut-rock . 
  french chansons . 
  scandinavian metal . 
  i do understand some of most of the languages enough for some of the lines to pop out , but not enough to understand the whole songs . 
  fair enough !, 
  ( the smithsonian is though :p ), 
  because they 're racist !, 
  because when you go to america everyone is obsessed with being racist . 
  no , we can acknowledge that america has a deeply racist mindset . 
  we can also acknowledge that it exports that culture . 
  and , even seemingly defend it whilst apparently being opposed to discriminatory treatment . 
  which seems to be your position . 
  if you take that a synonym for your racist world view , yes . 
  you are setting up a straw man , you racist . 
  stop defending it . 
  that synonymy is racism . 
  you have a racist view of the world . 
  stop defending it . 
  it is wrong . 
  anyone who comes to scotland is free to call themselves scottish . 
  no , that 's their ancestry and history , but it 's racist to believe they belong to a `` race '' within the american racist system of classification . 
  you really are incapable of feeling your bathwater boiling around you , are n't you ? 
  yes they are racist . 
  they have the american racist goggles welded to their eyes , like you do . 
  you do n't get it do you ? 
  it provoked conservative reactionism and kicked off the 20th century civil rights movement . 
  this was exported to the world by america in its post-war propaganda efforts . 
  you racist . 
  exactly , the dominant culture reacted against it by re-enforcing out dated racist ideas . 
  this warped american view has been exported to the world . 
  i did n't conclude you were making any statement about science , i asserted that that was the standard i hold to . 
  is your smithsonian article indicative of averages or extremes ? 
  it 's racist . 
  the offspring are of the human race . 
  you sound like a boiled frog . 
  it 's hard to see when one is steeped in such an outdated mindset . 
  you 're american , right ? 
  it was motivated to do it knowingly from then .
