  btw , pigs are more intelligent and consciouss than dogs . 
  pigs are even only animal except human that can blush when they 're shy . 
  ireland . 
  that fucking buddhism and its progressive principles !, 
  damn you buddhists for allowing abortion on a religious basis !!, 
  catholic fuck-ups say that this takes away a dignity of conception , that this is selfish treatment of miracle of life ( selfish sterile people want to have a baby so they just go to some corrupted doctor and order themselves a `` vial baby '' , this kind of narrative ) . 
  they also have this propaganda that in vitro kids are very often mutated , retarded and parents do n't love them because they subconsciously know that those are children concieved in cold , sterile laboratory glass devoided of parental love ( i.e. 
  jizzing into vagina ) . 
  few years ago woman went completely blind because of pregnancy complication . 
  they knew it will happen , she was eligiuble for abortion but we have a thingie called `` conscience clause '' on basis of which a doctor can refuse a medical treatment if it 's against his conscience . 
  every fucking doctor refused this lady , lots of ctaholic fanatics protested everytime she almost found someone for abortion . 
  finally they got her to birth , she lost her sight , catholics lost every interest in her person . 
  now she 's a single blind mother of 4 , but hey , at least she gave birth to this child who will suffer extreme poverty , right ? 
  yes . 
  stereotypes are funny when you completely disbelief them . 
  so it 's ok to rape a woman ? 
  you know , since it raises testosterone ? 
  broad temp . 
  range , breathing materials , waterproof , durable , easy to clean , compressable , low weight : temp isolation ratio ( you want a bag that will give you max temp protection with minimum weight ) , good construction ( there are even special bags for people who move a lot in their sleeping , those bags wo n't curl and you have a comfy night ) and good moisture isolation . 
  high-end sleeping bags for really extreme conditions really do cost that much and if you want to sleep in -40 c cold you do n't want anything that 's much cheaper . 
  google : french hitchhiker frenzy new zealand . 
  broad temp . 
  range , breathing materials , waterproof , durable , easy to clean , compressable , low weight : temp isolation ratio ( you want a bag that will give you max temp protection with minimum weight ) , good construction ( there are even special bags for people who move a lot in their sleeping , those bags wo n't curl and you have a comfy night ) and good moisture isolation . 
  what 's that last part ? 
  finish clearing your throat and try again . 
  really good sleepinhg bags do cost that much . 
  and you do n't want anything much cheaper when you go high-mountaing climbing . 
  broad temp . 
  range , breathing materials , waterproof , durable , easy to clean , compressable , low weight : temp isolation ratio ( you want a bag that will give you max temp protection with minimum weight ) , good construction ( there are even special bags for people who move a lot in their sleeping , those bags wo n't curl and you have a comfy night ) and good moisture isolation . 
  broad temp . 
  range , breathing materials , waterproof , durable , easy to clean , compressable , low weight : temp isolation ratio ( you want a bag that will give you max temp protection with minimum weight ) , good construction ( there are even special bags for people who move a lot in their sleeping , those bags wo n't curl and you have a comfy night ) and good moisture isolation . 
  or we finally recognized french people for what they are . 
  what do you mean by decade long french-bashing everywhere ? 
  i did n't know there 's a trend . 
  i did n't know they ca n't take it , this last part was a joke , cause like i said , i berate french people . 
  but if they really ca n't take it , then it 's even more hillarious , thanks for the tip  btw . 
  you 're really salty . 
  i think i know where you came from , 
  you should get a job . 
  it 's not fine , you 're a thief and i hope someone will brake some of your bones you fucking parasite . 
  goddamn fucking criminal gon na dictate what 's `` fine '' and what 's not ... smh, 
  broad temp . 
  range , breathing materials , waterproof , durable , easy to clean , compressable , low weight : temp isolation ratio ( you want a bag that will give you max temp protection with minimum weight ) , good construction ( there are even special bags for people who move a lot in their sleeping , those bags wo n't curl and you have a comfy night ) and good moisture isolation . 
  real hiking gear meant for extreme conditions ( -30 c and below ) really do cost that much . 
  i know you will find -40 bags for 150 euro but it 's like buying chinese condoms . 
  yes , you can buy them cheap but does it mean you should ? 
  google : french hitchhiker frenzy in new zealand . 
  this is n't the first time guy hit the news . 
  thanks for brexit , asshole . 
  no , its breathing , durable , waterproof , compressable , lightweight and easy to clean and have a broad temp . 
  seriously , realwin ter sleeping bags actually ** do ** cost around that . 
  therfe is an absurd price gap between -20 and -40 sleeping bags . 
  250 euro sleeping bag in a -40 c night is basically cutting your toes away . 
  this is a terrible bag , i would n't use it at -20 , let alone -45 . 
  you 're going to loose your feet or at least some toes in this at -45 . 
  and good luck carrying this hulk around , it weights so much it 's absurd . 
  seriously , only because it say '' -30 '' on the box that does n't mean it 's really for -30 . 
  price does matter when it comes to hiking gear and buying cheapest possible stuff in any category is asking for trouble . 
  your ' e le welcome . 
  nope , i just have this long-running joke about shitting on french people . 
  i do n't hate them but i 'll berate them whenever i can , just for kicks . 
  and because they ca n't take it , typical french . 
  how much does it weight , how compressable it is , how waterproof is it , does it breathe , does it wash easily and is it really comfortable ? 
  the one that is having a very broad temperature comfort range ( it means that you wo n't be cold at , for example -15 and wo n't be hot at +15 , bad sleeping bags have this range very narrow , like 5 degrees celsius ) , but at the same time is very light ( do n't even ask how fucking much can a winter sleeping bag weight ) and is very durable and easy to clean . 
  it will also probably be super comfy , easy to close in a way that will not let any moisture inside but at the same time you will not sweat like a pig in a sauna . 
  you can buy a bag that will have a great sub-zero isolation but will be heavy as fuck and will take a lot of space . 
  you can get a very durable and isolating bag that wo n't be comfortable . 
  if you want a full package - you pay accordingly . 
  you 're hitchhikinh , it 's a 3 am in the morning and you just got a lift to the town outskirts ( driver is turning another way , not your way ) . 
  you see nice houses , nice kept lawns , some fancy sphere shaped bushed , rose gardens and a park with some bushes , small pond and some swing sets . 
  you 're tired as fuck , hungry but shops open in the morning , only thing you want is to fall on your face and fall asleep . 
  what do you choose , you can : a ) wonder around for undeterminable amount of time until you ( maybe ) find some really discreet place to set up your tent , possibly loosing hours of sleep . 
  b ) set up your tent in the park behind a bushes so that way people will see you in the morning , not the night , giving you time to rest . 
  official `` campgrounds '' are nice , but during my years of hitchhiking i only had one opportunity to sleep in place like this . 
  usually they are far away from the cities and far from any hitchhiker 's travel route . 
  saying `` french twat '' is redundant , `` french '' is enough . 
  bushes , unkept lawns , meadows , grass behind gas station , right next to the highway , any not-frequented place behind some building , forestss etc. 
  yeah , that 's what poles like to say but as a person who hitchhiked through whole europe i call bullshit . 
  no one will betray you more when you live abroad than another pole . 
  and `` god , honor , fatherland '' is usually limited to t-shirts , those people are as far from catholic faith as they can be , since drugs and robbery do n't go well with being a good christian . 
  you drank all of gira . 
  i ca n't potatoes without gira . 
   but do not bother me with your egoistic choices . 
  so if i want to brake your nose ( who cares about your nose anyway ) you wo n't stop me with your egoistic choices ? 
  seriously tho , your comment is dumb . 
  it 's not usual to see a person drinking beer at a polish wedding . 
  in fact i never seen one . 
  we dance a lot and carbonated drinks make it harder . 
  and vodka is more of a `` party hard '' drink than beer anyway . 
  so that 's why i 'm so suicidal lately : i 'm a typical polish men . 
  barbarians !, 
  how can they not enjoy sitting in front of a mirror and drinking vodka while crying ? 
  misleading , lying title : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/51uupc/danish_school_separates_children_by_ethnicity_in/d7fdwt9, 
  this is a lie , someone debunked it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/51uupc/danish_school_separates_children_by_ethnicity_in/d7fdwt9, 
  imagine going uphill in them mountains with a truck ( i was a passanger of course ) and suddenly another truck overtakes you . 
  but he overdid it , it 's a steep hill ( and it turned out he was loaded to the max ) so when he is positioned right in front of you he suddenly drops speed and then you have a choice : hit the back of this truck , hit the barrier on the left , separating you from a cliff or hitting a rock on your right . 
  my driver chose hitting a truck and both trucks almost fucking fell . 
  worse part ? 
  happened 2 times in 1 week , second time without a crash but still scary as hell . 
  if you had bad luck with bulgaria do n't even get me started on moldavia :d oh god those driving habits , i 'm lucky to be alive after all those near-misses witch trucks ( granted , lot of them romanians but moldavians were n't saints either ) .
