  are we onto something ? 
  in polish , yes . 
  not in croatia . 
  welcome brothers and sisters , let 's be europe together  !, 
   burmese and georgian are both descended from phoenician , how did that happen ? 
  kurwa is a whore in slavic , but it 's also from latin . 
  it 's a crooked woman , bent away from the morals . 
  a thief , a liar , a child molester and a priest enter a bar . 
  and he orders himself a beer . 
  i 'm dead from laughter , good job , you killed a human . 
   banning one side of the debate !, 
  lol , people thinking jkm is up to `` debate '' :d i like it that foreigners now know jkm but holy shit , you people need to understand some things about this man . 
  he is not debating , he is not arguing , he 's just saying what he thinks and hates it when someone tries to have a different opinions . 
  like he once said `` all the normal woman will vote for me . 
  feminist wo n't because they are not normal , they are sick so they do n't understand who they should vote '' . 
  here 's some jkm casting powerfull spells : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cgycr4jumy, 
  the 're not combined , this article is porly worded . 
  of course when you buy an obwarzanek they 'll ask you what kind you want . 
  now i want poppy with sesame and salt obwarzanek and it does n't exist :(, 
  chinese have plans to build next silk road , a series on railroad connections that would make land transport a big thing again . 
  they wanted to build a logistic centre in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , poland . 
  all the goods from all over the europe would come to \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , get packed on trains , sent to china and vice versa . 
  our previous mruling party build a highway to \u0141\u00f3d\u017a just for this reason . 
  it would bring bilions of euro to poland for the next decades , even building it would pump some serious money into our economy . 
  macierewicz , our current minister of defense torpedoed that deal on the premise that , and i quote ( in fact no , i translate so grammar is going to suck , i 'm sorry ) :  this concept of chinese expansion is a part of a greater plan of collaboration between western europe with russia and china , and a plan to eliminate us influence from the eurasian region and to remove independent existance of poland , because poland , lying on a border between russian-chinese and german influences is the only country that could organize an alternative to such eurasiatic superpower . 
   of course , in case of economic profits we are ready to to part in them [ yes , he would like to take part in profits :d ] and promote them , but of course from the position of our strenght , not building some new , socialistic empire connecting germany , russia and china . 
  it 's like reading something written by a guy that just spent whole week on not sleeping , taking amphetamine and reading too much of tom clansy 's . 
  and it 's not the only deal he annuled , it 's absurd how much money we lose thanks to pis . 
  and all the coal and obwarzanki to the austrians . 
  is there any german equivalent ? 
  jesus fucking christ , eu parliament does not work like you think it does or should . 
  just wrap your head around the concept of different political systems and organizations where not every one of them is a direct democracy . 
  you choose representatives to eu to chose for you , get over it . 
  people in the us vote for electors to vote for the potus for them and it 's still a democracy . 
  yeah , like janusz koran mekka is soooooo sly . 
  protocol 1 % activated * wink wink * . 
  some politicians know when to speak and when to shut up . 
  but in poland we have a shitshow of politicians who just speak whatever comes to their minds . 
  do you think macierewicz thinks before he speaks ? 
  alle the national representatives got them . 
  do you complain when you ca n't choose judges , lol ? 
  so ... a sly politician ? 
  like , that 's exactly what i meant and this is what a sly politician do . 
  no brakes !, 
  they already did , one politician said that if tusk supported saryusz-wolski as a polish candidate he would get chosen so he lost just because tusk refused to support him . 
  nope . 
  he already has one full term behind him and he is rather liked by western media . 
  they fucked up refused to honour international deal made by a previous govt . 
  out of pure spite . 
  they refused to get shitload of money into our economy because someone could say `` hey , tusk did something good '' . 
  and now he opposes her immigration policy . 
  it 's almost like he 's a really sly politician , is n't it ? 
  zubrowka is from the east of poland so it will go tu ruskies . 
  for all foreigners : `` fault '' is wina . 
  `` wine '' is wino . 
  plural from wino is wina , so it 's either wines or fault . 
  and `` to wina tuska '' ( it 's tusk 's fault ) is a thing so often said by pis that it turned into a joke . 
  rain fell ? 
  rain did not fell ? 
  because you 're a cuck !, 
  ducks are cucks !, 
  he can not , pis did n't tell pis supporters what 's the counterargument . 
  literally no one is interested in this , it 's just you , bringing this up . 
  ctrl + f this thread you moron . 
  this is a typical pis supporter , they believe lies sold by main party without even checking it . 
  somke people do but i met only a handfull of them . 
  only the most devout catholics . 
  oh , and highlanders : http://wf2.xcdn.pl/files/16/07/19/922521_ta30s06_znakktorychroni_51.jpg, 
  and by watching it you can predict what 'll trump do next . 
  he '' s using the same recipe book . 
  now fuck you . 
   if you want that population will cheat , steal and had 0 morality just tell them that god does not exist . 
  you fuckin wot m8 ? 
  :d like religion stopped anyone from being a fucking thief . 
  i can go to atheist sweden , leave my bike on a street , come back week later and still have it . 
  catholic poland ? 
  5 minutes tops . 
  fuck your delusion . 
   islam threat womens worst than christians and why you are againts us and you have nothing against islam do you always have dialogues with figments of your own imagination ? 
  morning-after pill is going to be prescription only . 
  nooooo , church is not constricting poles in any way , nooooooo , it 's fiiiine / s, 
  young poeople are naive and stupid and be sarcastic and edgy enough and they 'll think that what you 're saying has any value . 
  what leftist policies ? 
  wild privatization ? 
  selling state buildings and land to church for almost free ? 
  which exact leftist policy made our country poor ? 
  you just wait , last month they printed money equivalent to 8 % of our gdp . 
  this is a typical pis supporter mentality , anytime you mention what pis is doing right now you can hear `` but po ... ! '', 
  nope , it definitelly is . 
  compare hgw 's tree cutting quota ( 150 k in few years ) and cutting under szyszko ( 250k + in over one week ) . 
  cars are not the chief source of emmision , every single statistic that you can find on google confirms it . 
  use google , it 's not that hard . 
  main source of pm2 .5 and pm10 are old heating systems with coal dust as a fuel . 
  so duterte won because immigrants ? 
  cool . 
  you have no fucking idea what you 're talking about as you have clearly no clue about polish political scene . 
  our only openly pro-immigration parties are centre-right , razem never mentions immigrants . 
  can confirm . 
  that 's why my advice is for people who do n't want to be in a military . 
  i laguhed out loud a lot harder than i should , thanks :d,
