  ok , now i get it . 
  i had a trouble with your first sentence and i thought this is some gibberish but now i see your sentence is ok . 
  what ? 
  what the fuck , hawaian pizza is awesomke pizza !, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!, 
  protip [ for young swedes : at the medical commision mention that you have suicidal thoughts . 
  when they make you go take a psych evaluation play a role of a person with severe depression : you barely eat , you sleep for 11-13 hours a day , you do n't see any sense in doing anything etc. 
  i did it in poland and they made me come again in one year and after one year conscription was removed . 
  if it was n't i would tell the same fairy tale again . 
  no one is going to give a gun to a guy who said that he hates people and dreams of killing himself and/or doing something drastic . 
  oh , you 're right . 
  good for finland , now they can do it doggystyle so they can both watch x-files more than once . 
  a whole series maybe ? 
  title made it seem like up until today homosexual intercourse was illegal . 
  of course and i loved it !, 
  but i preferred the one with biology , that was dope !, 
  there was also another frenach educaional cartoon , main character was a yellow ball or ball shaped creature , it was called ordie or something like that but i ca n't find it . 
  anyone ? 
  `` god kinda bless kosovo '', 
  no dude , fuck russian annexation of crimea . 
  ummm ... this is not how any country in europe looks like . 
  or are those just us states pasted randomly over europe ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  take ya pills mate . 
  it 's a throat disease , that 's why they sound like that . 
  vest side is de best !, 
  it 's more like `` ee '' , like in an `` eel '', 
  it 's chronologically true . 
  check mate lewaku !, 
  communism ended because opposition made a deal with regime : free election but 25 % of parliament seats are reserved for communist party members . 
  like you said , it has nothing to do with whining about neo-liberals , our left is so marginal that it 's not as divided as to shun less radical views . 
  we just do n't like old , drunk-face camrade aparatchiks who tried to steal as much as they could when they knew their time is over . 
  does n't matter , polan stronk , husaria . 
  spending 25 bln pln from 320 bln budget dach year for a welfare program that does n't work even according to pis is defintelly not an investment . 
  their social programs are pure populism and are based on debt making . 
  94 milions on church fund , 240 milions on military chaplains and 1,4 bilion on salaries of catholic religion teachers in public schools . 
  budget is around 320 bilions . 
  it does n't matter , is n't it ? 
  and now imagine living in a country in which suddenly people like him get majority in government . 
  like poland :d we laugh but it 's not even funny anymore . 
  for example communist prosecutor who got some opposition activist into prison and communist soldier who pacified protesting gda\u0144sk shipyard 's workers . 
  do you remember mesopotamy and what they did ? 
  it turned out to be a hoax . 
  yeah , such a shame that lithuania is n't bigger country than it could . 
  you post a link to article like it 's proving your point but you post a n article about something completely different . 
  it 's not a matter of how we call it , you just simply failed to deliver any proof for your hypothesis . 
  you dont have to be right wing to realize what a clusterfuck dnc was . 
  `` he started it ? 
  ok then , keep punching your brother . '', 
  so holocaust was ok because it was the law ? 
  your link is about censorship , st\u00f3p twisting facts . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/translation/ https://www.reddit.com/r/noveltranslations/, 
  when you 're freedom is taken away it does n't matter if you agree that this is happening , because ** it 's happening ** . 
  it 's a guy from the polish comedy/fantasy/horror / action series about a guy who is very well described here , i recommend readong a biography as this is all you will get in english ( unless you find someone willing to translate some , those books are collections of short stories , some 200 + pages , some 5 ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jakub_w%c4%99drowycz, 
  yes , but there 's no meymeys with leto ii . 
  here ya go : https://img1.etsystatic.com/065/3/10029247/il_570xn.790862361_p83a.jpg, 
  the fact that it does n't produce more energy than it uses does not mean it 's functional . 
  it 's functioning and exactly as expected . 
  it 's just that it was n't build to give energy . 
  oh , so that 's what it means . 
  burkha is present in only few muslim countries and not all of them require any covering so yeah , their world is pretty big , you just have to crawl out of your cave to realize it . 
  square jaw , high forehead and stern , angry scowl . 
  it 's normal for japanese people to be humble and enjoy fish doshes but that does n't imply that all of them do . 
  yup . 
  silesia have a lot of poor people and a lot of really , really old buildings where coal and wood is still the only viable source of heat in the winter . 
  you 're right , after re-reading it i see completely different meaning . 
  i 'm sorry for accusing you of something you did n't do and calling you a moron when clearly i was a moron the whole time :d, 
  it 's an article about europeans i know you were n't talking about poles , that 's why i call you racist . 
  it 's an article about europeans working in europe you racist moron :d, 
  stop it , you 're trying to have a rational discussion with a communist :d, 
  minimum wage in poland is around 340 euro . 
  of course 1000 euro is a lot of money for us . 
  gu from the eu looks like [ leszek miller ] ( http://s.tvp.pl/images/0/8/b/uid_08b1d2151bd0016418e8832c8bab0e721318864676272_width_1200_play_0_pos_1200_gs_0.jpg_, 
  why even have a thread if you delet any comment that is not strictly adhering to one political view of the matter ? 
  why delete comments that are not racist or discriminatory in any way ? 
  you even deleted posts criticizing anti-fa , that 's just messed up . 
  you removed it ? 
  you have to be kidding me :d, 
  oh , i know ( ( ( why ) ) ) / s, 
  americans . 
  i was working in poland as a person who tries to invite guests to restaurant . 
  i had a lot of success , it was a traditional polish cuisine and very good at it . 
  and you know peopl of which country were totally not interested ? 
  americans . 
  every black american i met ( 8 ) said that he 's not interested but he 's looking for kfc . 
  white americans wanted kfc or mcdonalds . 
  what the fuck is wrong with them ?!? 
  `` error database connection '', 
  dude , it 's my mom !, 
  do n't you draw her into this !, 
  lol , nope , we have a lot of swastika wearing neo nazist . 
  armbands and all ? 
  :d do you know about any slavic ritual that consisted of burning a swastika ? 
  of course promotion of fascism is illegal . 
  of course onr was not illegalized . 
  my neighboor is dealing weed and police knows it , he is just carefull and did not give them any evidence . 
  you see where i 'm going with this . 
  and of course bia\u0142ystok attorney and all that shit . 
  the fact that one fascist did not pursue legal actions against other fascicts is not a proof of anything . 
  letters again :d honestly , you must be a reeeeeeeal idiot to constantly reply to a person who is not reading :d,
