  exactly . 
  antagonisation of brexit voters will just serve in deepening rift in society . 
  they 're also people , they 've made their choice not because they are evil or stupid , they just have different opinion than someone else . 
  sufis would like to disagree . 
   moving between two , ** almost equally poor ** countries ~ ~ belaruss gdp 2015 : $ 82 billion ~ ~ bulgaria gdp 2015 : $ 128.1 billion poland gdp 2015 : $ 1.003 trillion fuck off mate . 
   with all sympathy towards british people i do n't know many polish emigrants who would like to live among losers . 
  maybe it 's just that we ( poles ) do n't view british society as homogenous and do n't think that those who voted brexit are loosers ? 
  it 's exactly like that , 
  may already promised to launch art . 
  50 march next year so march 2019 brexit is complete . 
  yeah , judge us for a govt that we protest against every day . 
   most of barely 18 % iirc, 
  i had no idea it was known outside poland . 
  til, 
  not realising that feminine gay are often shunned in gay community, 
  google : krokodil flesh ( or click here if you want to see just one picture , not whole bunch at once : http://killtheheroinepidemicnationwide.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/krokodil2a.jpg ) warning : extremely nsfw !!!!!!!!, 
  nastiest thing any drug ever done to people . 
  meth abusers look like super-models next to those guys . 
  `` you do n't want to buy our products ? 
  fine , we will let our orphans suffer , let 's see hoy you like that , eh ? '', 
  no , previous law was n't also common sense since doctors could refuse abortions and in some cases woman were unaible to obtain their legal abortion . 
  we seriously need liberalisation and not only feminists want that . 
  polish legal abortion system is a sham , few hundreds abortions done legaly annualy in a 36 milion people country ? 
  come on . 
  they wa n't to ban abortion in case of danger to woman 's health , rape , malformed fetus . 
  is that really common sense ? 
  woman are not happy to obide catholic church in poland . 
  where did you get this stupid idea ? 
  now i want this molcajete so i can make bulk quantities of guac . 
  simmiliar but not molcajete . 
  just like not any cookie-flavoured spread is speculaaspasta . 
  better formosa island then vilar formoso , that place is boring . 
  meta with what ? 
   and i get it , you claim there is some deeper meaning or symbolism i never said anything like this . 
  i wo n't comment on the rest as it stems from this misunderstanding . 
  if you are honestly interested how it all works in buddhism and why we do n't treat our faith in the way you desribed feel free to ask any question you like on r/buddhism , 
  how the hell this relates to anything i wrote ? 
  `` yes , we buddhists believe in supernatural '' `` but what about burma '' fucking whaaaaaaat !, 
  you might not know it but zen is very popular here . 
  seung sahn picked poland as a first country to popularize zen in europe and we had a sangha as early as in 1982 ( but practices were organized since 1976 ) and we still have one of the biggest number of zen centers in whole europe . 
  i ca n't speak for other denominations but i know there is a shit ton of lama ole karma kagyu worshippers but i do n't know if you can classify them as buddhists . 
  nope . 
  there 's just no single `` hinduism '' , there are a lot of different `` religions '' connected with common themes . 
  almost all of them are not doing animal offerings and even his linked wiki says that it is mostly limited to believers of shaktism so what he said ( linked ) does not contradiuct my previous comment . 
  it is retarded to use a tendency of mind to believe and grasp stuff against itself to weed out suffering ? 
  never heard a saying `` burn a woodden buddha '' ? 
  you seriously think that we believe in another dimensions just to believe in another dimensions ? 
  :d i will risk a statement that you have honestly no idea how buddhism works and what is it about . 
  `` faith '' is an inseparable tool of this path as `` faith '' can make a lot of stuff easier . 
  dhamma is a boat , you swim to the other side of a river with it and then you leave it . 
  the same fanatic-catholics try to bring back death penalty . 
  but they opose euthanasia because `` we must protect life , from conception up until natural death '' . 
  how can anyone not realize that what they preach is a sham ? 
  am i talking to a wall or mentally handicapped person ? 
  i just desribed you what constitutes ivf ( putting a sperm inside an egg ) and you answer to me in a fashion that completely disregards everything . 
  please , get it through your skull : ivf does not require any killing !!, 
  you do n't have to kill any egg to inject a sperm , you do n't have to shoot a person in a head to vaccine some other person , jesus fucking christ !, 
  they are alive and frozen so they are being killed ? 
  listen , you seem to have a trouble with understanding this discussion . 
  you said that ivf require ( i.e. 
  it is needed in order to perform ivf ) killing eggs . 
  ivf is the name for the technique of fertilization by taking a sperm and injecting it into an egg . 
  that 's it !, 
  this is ivf !, 
  did you saw in my description of ivf `` freeze an egg or kill it '' ? 
  you did not . 
  please stop spreading misinformation about medical treatments . 
  ok . that does n't negate what i 've said : ivf does not require killing . 
  maybe some do it but it is not required for the procedure . 
  i do n't do anything but what they do is freeze them so they can be used by some sterile female or the same lady later . 
  it 's like a sperm bank . 
  and calling me basically jihadist , murderer and supporter of death is cool ? 
  i ca n't call a guy who would like a woman to die just so retarded fetus without heart can be borned a murderer but he can call me a jihadist ? 
  hillarious :d, 
  answer : at none . 
  ivf does not equal killing anything . 
  single group of monks under a leadership of a single nationalist . 
  literally my first sentence :  there are . 
  i said that there are places like this , very clearly . 
  why do you feel you need to inform me about stuff i know about ? 
  you guessed wrong . 
  wrong . 
  you take extreme case ( one case , single case , this is all people have to say when they try to say that buddhism is just like christianity :d ) of people whoe we n't completely against the teaching of buddha . 
  it 's not islam , where you can say that their religion is violent and quote some quran and be right about it . 
  it 's like saying that psychology is wrong because some guy who was a psychologist murdered people . 
  and you 're off-topic , we talk about religion and progression in social issues , like abortion . 
  care to share some links about buddhists wanting to ban abortion ? 
  nope , you will only find some articles about japanese buddhists rituals thgey do after abortion . 
  at which point of taking a sperm and putting it into an ovula is it required to kill a fertilized egg ? 
  and you 're a german guy . 
  quote me on saying `` it 's good because it 's old '' . 
  i never said that and i would sooner bite my own tongue off than say something like this . 
  now knowing this , please read what i wrote again to see what i actually meant . 
  if you 're trying to catch me on a typical logical fallacies of theists , please stop . 
  soooo 3 demonstrations ? 
  i specifially practice zen , so that 's from the top of my head  you can shoot drugs without a doctor . 
  is it a good idea to administer medicine to yourself without enough knowledge and/or experience ? 
  you can get seriously fucked up with meditation . 
  having around someone with much more experience and who is backed up by 2 thousand years of developing and polishing methods is really , really helpfull . 
  if i had n't had a contact with zen master i would have stuck on my path years ago and i would n't even know it .
