  this attitude was one of their biggest mistakes and it 's the same mistake that lost hillary the elections . 
  i think that when no one is looking boris is taking his hair off , puting a leash on it and is takes it for a walk . 
  nowoczesna is our next best option , jesus fucking christ , we 're doomed :| it 's like the whole world gone mad since last years , what the fuck is going on ? 
  this round started last year in poland , and we already started losing our high horse . 
  best regards from the `` you get 4 thousand pln if you give birth to a baby concieved by rape '' land we used to call poland . 
  did it ever happened ? 
  this is exactly what they wa n't . 
  remember , these are the people who believe in creating religous war spanning through the whole world , because they believe this is the will of allah . 
  they want racists to win , they want western powers to hurt muslims so more and more muslims will join extremist movements . 
  good job america , you just did what terrorists wanted you to do . 
  people are tired with world being complicated , mass media made everyone realized how big and hard to understand all of this is so they are acting like junkies looking for their fix of easy solutions , easy to understand metaphors and mental shortcuts , so they finally feel like they `` get it '' , imho, 
  i know , russian people are great , usually . 
  they just have a worst of worsts of bad lucks when it comes to rulers . 
  looking at kremlin action dring last 3 years i would n't hope for a sudden change . 
  do you remember how they kidnapped estonian government worker from estonia , in a middle of a night , brought him to russia and immediately jailed him for 14 years for illegal crossing of russian border with an illegal gun [ when they kidnapped him he was carrying as he was working in military ] . 
  if not , have fun reading : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eston_kohver#detained_by_russian_authorities, 
  you 're probably trying to make an allusion to something , but i just ca n't see it . 
  keep up living in ivan-bubble . 
  i confused your current president with ivanishvili , that 's the guy i meant as a russian puppet . 
  yah i feel sooo bad for georgia . 
  they succesfully installed their puppet in your government as a president and watching how easily they succeded scared me shitless . 
  there 's no pride stories to tell about poland , because so far there was no conflict in which nato or us helped us , that 's the problem . 
  `` thank you for having your troops here just in case '' does n't have that nice ring to it :[ i just hope that someone , anyone in the us decision chain will appreciate that poland have a habit of fucking up our relations with our neigboors and eu just to satisfy the us . 
   pis we have n't ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  do you know that our government just proposed a bill that will give 4k pln to any women that will give a birth to a baby concieved by rape ? 
  and 4k to any women that will give birth to a baby with lethal deficencies so they can baptise it ? 
  during the last polish election centrist president was asked what he would do if nationalistic-catholic law and order party wins . 
  he laughed and said `` please be serious , let 's not discuss political fiction here '' . 
  everyone was disgusted , many sane people did n't go to vote , but fanatics and fashists did . 
  and then law and order won . 
  complacency is giving an open door to alt-right cavemens everywhere . 
  i see this argument more like `` you we 're unable to change their opinion , because you insulted them instead of trying to have a dialogue '', 
  it 's much older than theirs so typicaly for russians they have to diminish what they could feel inferior to . 
  just like with ukraine [ russian culture was a copy of ukrainian but now they say that ukraine is basically russia and always was . 
  wrong , ukrainian culture is also a lot older than russian ] . 
  we 're used to it . 
  russians do n't like any culture that 's not russian . 
  and it 's also a russian tradition to state how much you 're not interested in something you clearly are [ embargoed goods , anyone ? 
  repeat after me : you do n't know what you 're talking about , actions of your government speak otherwise . 
  and your current economy says otherwise , we do have a lot you would like to have  like an acces to european market . 
  `` land '' , stop thinking in xx century terms . 
  and what 's the best way to change someones mind ? 
  have a discussion , with patience and indepth or calling someone retarded dumbfuck in his face ? 
  remember how komorowski laughed when they asked him what he will do if pis wins autumn elections and he said `` please be serious , let 's not discuss political fiction here '' ? 
  that was the moment i knew the fuckers are going to lose and i knew trump is going to win from the same reasons . 
  you completely missed the point and just made yourself look more ignorant , but i expected this . 
  of course you would move to a country with the same language :d, 
  exactly . 
  i do n't know how anyone from europe , seeing what putin did in the last years can be happy abut trump winning . 
  i 'm personally shitting my pants as i 'm from poland . 
  our governments since the fall of communism pander to us all the time , they 're like the biggest lapdog of us in europe but now what are we going to get from it ? 
  we 're going to get pushed back right into russian arms . 
  oh yeah , i just remembered that 's the actual thing in the us . 
  maybe that 's why trump won , eh ? 
  i started learning this language almost 2 years ago . 
  i want to see how well you will speak polish , or any language that 's not spanish after two years :d, 
  see ? 
  kek, 
  wait . 
  countrysides , where you can rarely meet a minority voted leave to get rid off minorities and london , which is full of minorities votes stay ? 
  go to \u017babka and buy cheese or butter popcorn . 
  in some places in poland you can buy caramel popcorn . 
  hey !, 
  you 're not saint either . 
  i 'm looking at you , deep fried mars bar !, 
  i hate it what happened to maggi . 
  these days it 's just dyed water with salt and monosodium glutamate . 
  so why have i saw it in poland , germany and netherlands ? 
  he 's using fake word he thinks insults someone , like `` leftard '' . 
  this is a clear sign of retardation so do n't be surprised . 
  nextdoor to you . 
  and on the other side of the street . 
  and an apartment above you . 
  and in metro . 
  my point is they 're regular people , internet bring up the worst in them . 
  care to quote some ? 
  i wan na see boris johnson in an armor , awkwardly holding a bastard sword and getting overbalanced back and forth with it . 
  what the fuck is wrong with hebrew vader oh my god !!, 
  put it upside down . 
  what ? 
  i know , it 's absurd . 
  but nonteless , this man led people to streets , they intimidated jews and get rid of them . 
  the fact that so many young people look up to him and praise him in the uk is terryfying . 
  anyone said they 're not ? 
  are you sure you know what started this comment chain and what we 're talking about ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzkv5gjozta he was a leader of uk fascist movement . 
  his ideology is clearly making a comeback , just look at this quote :  in the lives of great nations comes the moment of decisions , comes the moment of destiny and this nation again and again in the great hours of fate has swept aside the little men of talk and of delay and has decided to follow men and movements who say we go forward to action !, 
   let who dare follow us in this hour . 
  that is the fervour of the mighty mood of britain . 
   and i claim that in the ranks of our blackshirt legions march the mighty ghosts of england 's past and their strong arms around us and their voice echo down the ages saying onwards !, 
   together in britain we have lit a flame that the ages shall not extinguish , guard that scared flame my brother blackshirts until it illuminates britain and light again the fire of mankind or better yet , hear this quote yourself and shiver . 
  this man had very hitleresque feel to him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwadib9es5w, 
  jesus christ , you 're so dense ... 
  calling someone a loser because he has a different opinion is a different matter though . 
  you totally misunderstood my intentions and my opinion on that matter but i do n't care about this discussion anymore . 
  there 's nothing to settle , look : poland is not as poor as bulgaria as op suggested . 
  do you get it now ? 
  do you comprehend that i do n't give a fuck about details since all i care is that op was wrong and he hates his own country ? 
  because oswald mosley is making a comeback , yeah,
