turkey is on west whim . 
  one word too much and you loose our support and then you become another shit-hole no one wants to listen to . 
  lachmachun is nit enough to be important . 
  i love being polish . 
  i enjoy it and would n't trade it for any other nationality . 
  but not in a way this government offers , i did n't need them to be a patriot in a past and i do n't need them now . 
  how can you think that something i criticize is something i believe ? 
  turn on tv . 
  this whole `` let 's stand up from our knees '' , shouting `` murderers , god will punish you ! '', 
  in front of russian embassy . 
  this is the patriotic vision of macierewicz and kaczynski . 
  when they offer some alternatives , some healthy way of being proud of being pole i will be hapy to jump in . 
  but right know they offer pride through hate . 
  and trying to undermine someone by calling him `` a german '' is not nationalism ? 
  you 're seriously so stupid that you believe that anyone not liking what pis does is supporter of nowoczesna and po ? 
  what a narrow world you live in . 
  it 's not national spirit , it 's stale and stinking nationalistic mythology full of martyrdom and illusion of purity where anyone criticizing any aspect of being a pole is called a national traitor . 
  if that 's what being pole is about to you and majority of us then i 'm ashamed of you . 
  this the current propaganda of ruling party in poland . 
  in the government media all the time they say that eu is trying to put attention on poland and they are debating polish matters so they do n't have to debate immigrant crisis created by merkel . 
  this is so stupid i have no words , and the worst part is that a lot of idiots here believe it . 
  they really imagine eu parliament as some kind of room with few people that have only small amount of time every day to debate something . 
  egotistical maniacs , like poland is the only thing that matters in eu , lol . 
  it 's funny how the responses stopped when you asked the right question . 
  many people do think like that so i can understand why he thought you were serious . 
  we ca n't hear sarcastic tone via message board . 
  you mean \u0141eba ? 
  yeah , i love it . 
  me and my friends once took a whole day trip just to go there , get high and sledge off of them . 
  yes you can sledge on sand :d, 
  it 's not we , it 's just around 19 % of our societ . 
  it 's just that this 19 % is the loudest and they won election because everyone else got tired of all the other politicians . 
  last 7 years of neo-liberal government left us dissatisfied with politics but it left the right-wing ultra-catholic anti-eu bigot thirsting for `` revenge '' . 
  please do n't blame us . 
  most of us make fun of those idiots . 
  leader of current ruling party in poland , jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski once said that polland is currently not an independent nation but a russian-german condominium . 
  he was inspired by right-wing publicist g. braun who said the same thing but ending with '' [ ... ] under jewish supervision '' . 
  it 's from a song by popular rock singer , very rough translation would be `` there 's no living thing a peasant wo n't fuck '' and in this song it is meant that village people get overly horny when drunk . 
  i 'm just happy with snow in november , have n't seen it for like 6-7 years . 
  centuries ago krakow was a capital of poland . 
  since moving it to warsaw people from those two cities hate each other . 
  if we want to be specific `` na zdrowie '' means `` for the health '' . 
  to the west of krakow there is a whole silesia . 
  basically almost whole polish heavy industry , alltogether with mines , smelters , factories is contained in this aglomeration . 
  unluckily from krakow , winds usually push all the smoke and pollution to the east , straight on krakow and it kinda stops there . 
  absolutely worst of lucks , krakow is spendind a lot of money on cyclical restoration of old buildings . 
  oh , i misstroke a key , so you must be right then . 
  libertarian party is left ? 
  of course you think i 'm a leftist , weak minds like yours can not comprehend that someone might have the same idea on economy as them but differ in foreign relations . 
  it 's all about a tribes , right ? 
  have fun living your retartded black and white vision of the world , poor kid , 
  and also how polish soldiers were n't let in a parade after the war was over , how in the beginning uk bombers were dropping leaflets on germany asking them not to invade poland , how uk retreated from the promised aerial support . 
  and also this :  finally , in the latter days of august , as war loomed on the horizon and germany massed more than one million men along the polish frontier , london and paris pleaded with warsaw not to provoke the germans by fully mobilizing her armed forces . 
  trusting in their allies , the poles did as they were asked . 
  consequently , when the german attack came , the polish army was only partly mobilized , making it that much easier for the wehrmacht to split polish defenses and drive deep behind polish lines  in fact , france and great britain would never launch an combined offensive during the first year of the war , preferring instead to await the german attack , which came in may 1940 and ended in disastrous defeat for both nations . 
  do n't even get me started on france . 
  uk made some bad stuff but that 's nothing compared how absolutely stood up we got by france . 
  at least uk , after entering the war waaaaay to late to help us , when you finally did it was fierce , brave and succesfull ( kudos ! ) . 
  france ? 
  quoting from a linked wiki :  on 4 september , during a franco-british meeting in france , it was decided that no major land or air operations against germany would take place , and afterwards french military leader gamelin issued orders prohibiting polish military envoys lieutenant wojciech fyda and general stanis\u0142aw burhardt-bukacki from contacting him . 
  [ 23 ] in his post-war diaries general edmund ironside , the chief of imperial general staff commented on french promises `` the french had lied to the poles in saying they are going to attack . 
  there is no idea of it '' . 
  and :  french troops made a brief advance toward the siegfried line on germany 's western frontier and immediately stopped upon meeting german resistance . 
  why are you so vulgar and angry ? 
  you got served and have nothing left to defend your position so you retort to insults ? 
  pathetic . 
  direct military invasion of land forces is not the only thing they could do to us . 
  you really think that islam is posing more danger to poland than russia ? 
  seriously ? 
   after all , we went into both world wars to defend belgium and poland it 's true that britain did fight germans and did a lot to win this war , but : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal#1939 i do n't like language in this one , but nontheless it 's factual : http://www.worldfuturefund.org/wffmaster/reading/history/polandbetrayal.htm when uk joined , invasion was over . 
  i would n't bet too much money on uk helping us now in case of anything . 
  it 's not that i dislike uk or anything , it 's just history tends to repeat itself . 
  thanks , that 's good to know . 
  it 's not about being pessimistic , it 's just last hundred years showed us that not all allies that promise to help you will actually do that . 
  if you get majorly fucked by history , you can get a little bit sceptic about trutsing that the same pattern wo n't repeat . 
  but what you wrote is actually pretty good to see , thanks for that shine of hope , 
  if it is willing . 
  the question is how far russia have to go before rest of the eu feels like it 's time to step in . 
  thay may do a lot of internal damage to our country without openly invading it . 
  look at georgia in last few years . 
  this is actually very interesting question : how much putin actually does control ? 
  i 'm not interested in a polish trump fanatic opinion . 
  i know you people love putin . 
  no , we believe that russia is doing its best to deregulate countries and create chaos in them ( by propaganda , russian agents in companies and govts and such ) . 
  if they manage to fuck our economy enough we might be able to try to convince eu to abolish at least some embargoes . 
  learning other languages have a lot of other advantages than just being able to live elsewhere . 
  different languages organize thought in a different ways , makes you able to think in terma and ideas previously unavailable to you . 
  what 's more it 's one of the best brain development excersises . 
  and yeah , australia is kick-ass . 
  i 'm thinking about moving there , canada or netherlands , but that 's just because in australia there is a scary amount of animals that could kill me . 
  like he said , it 's just one direction . 
  we will all help italy , gladly but god help us if we need their help . 
  if he is right and this is the common sentiment in italy then it 's sad and pathetic . 
  war is different now . 
  palpatine just dismantled the senate , there 's no hope . 
  orban , pis , brexit , shit already came . 
  it 's ankle-deep now but do n't you worry , there 's more where it came from . 
  holy fuck , forgot about gollum . 
  after this round of european elections do you think we got ta collect all the alt-right pokemons ? 
  remember when they asked komorowski what will he do if pis wins elections and he started laughing and said `` be serious please , let 's not discuss some political fiction here '' ?
