  so full of yourself . 
  fucking murderer of woman . 
  and meditation techniques just popped into existance , right ? 
  tell me , how can i practize zen meditation without zen ? 
  ok , so it 's a human even before the sperm enters the ovula ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  :'d ovula is surrounded with sperms , only one enters . 
  so until one of them enters ovula all of them are human ? 
  and then , let 's say , human-wave function collapses to just one of them ? 
  :d you just seem to claim to have an intricate knowledge about philosophical or even biological `` stuff '' . 
  you are sure that you know when human life begins so i want to chek you in on this knowledge . 
  and to show you that in fact you have no idea and you just firmly believe in one coin flip result over the other . 
  you can say this about any kind of societal system . 
  you basically said nothing . 
  and no , nothing will give you the benefits of practicing mindful meditation , as confirmed by modern medicine . 
  ok , so it 's right after sperm is in contact with ovum . 
  so two cells cease to exist and human emerges when two separate cells are still separate but one is inside another ? 
  this is some strange human , without a nuclei , without even a single functioning cell . 
  that does n't change the fact that he leaded a revolution that ended without a bloodshed . 
  you can nitpick all you want , you ca n't defend `` all religions keep progress back '' . 
  this is retarded statement that completely ignores everything good religions have done for the sake of beeing angsty-teenager-style edgy . 
  it 's like saying that democracy is evil because it has its faults . 
  no , you 're talking about some movie thing without basis in reality . 
  after sperm penetrates an egg it takes over 24 hours for an egg to be fertilized and start dividing . 
  and if you would read on this you would know that it 's about shaktism and in most of other hindusim branches it 's not practiced and frowned upon . 
  still , one link doesn ' r disprove what i said about generalization . 
  i can find some bad link about anything , from baby wipes to democracy . 
  he was so , so angry at those jews , controlling the world !, 
  he was so happy to find out that actually , he too can rule the world . 
  you would prefer hundreds of thousands of people being kept in jail for years ( life , sometimes ) for posession just so less taxes are being paid ? 
  that 's fucked up man . 
  de facto is not de jure !, 
  what you say is `` according to dutch law '' which is de jure . 
  he says `` law says one thing but in reality '' which is de facto . 
  you ca n't contradict one with another , that 's not how logic works . 
  hence the downvoting on your post , you 're the angry guy who is obviously wrong but refuses to recognize it , no one likes that . 
  so in one case harm reduction is ok and in another it 's best to let people do sick shit out of lack of options ? 
  please stop . 
  you 're trying to deny basic biology and invent fairy tales in that place . 
  you really think that in an instant after a sperm enters an egg it just zaps and suddenly there 's a zygote ? 
  this is an over 24 hours process !, 
  so my question is , if you say that fertilization is the moment when it stops being just 2 cells and becomes a human at which hour does this happen ? 
  is this 1st hour ? 
  yes , the whole `` let 's not kill other beings '' in hinduism or other vedic religions juyst destroyes this planet , amiright ? 
  gandhi could use some less ahimsa and some more violence ? 
   if the baby is born without a heart it would n't survive the pregnancy , try again . 
  this is bullshit and you lack basic biology info . 
  child is connected to mothers cardio-vascular system . 
  do you think that blood pumped into a fetus through umbilical cord suddenly stops and waits to be sucked in by a fetuses heart ? 
  are you against drug harm reduction programs and support 60 's style war on drugs ? 
  boddhisatvas , asuras , six different planes of incarnation , hungry ghosts , reincarnation . 
  stop defending buddhism by saying that it 's not a religion and just stop with this retarded `` all religions are bad '' . 
  anytime anyone says `` all x are y '' i 'm getting mental cancer from this kind of logical fallacy . 
  every newspaper , news station in poland lived with this news for weeks , where were you ? 
  you mean the moment when the head of a sperm is inside the egg but still have n't joined its genetic material with egg 's ? 
  or few seconds later ? 
  which exact moment is the moment when it becomes human ? 
  cause you know , there 's no magic `` boom - fertilized '' moment , this is a process and i want to know where is a border between `` to cells , not a human '' and `` actual human '' . 
  baby without a heart is not percieved undesirable . 
  this is a human that is dead from the beginning and woman 's body was just a biological life support . 
  what the fuck is the gain for anyone in giving a birth to a baby that will die instantly and everyone knows this ? 
  just for some principle ? 
  just for `` dignity '' of being borned and die from oxygen depravation instead of some incjection ? 
  she tried to kill herself after that , she still requires heave therapy , she will never have a baby as she is too traumatized to even consider it ever again . 
  victory for human dignity and compassion , hurray !!!, 
  holier-than-thou fanatics who will impose their worl-views on other to that absurd level just disgust me . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around the fact that someone can hate other human being so much to say this kind of shit is righteous . 
  righteous to whom , except someones religion-bloated ego ? 
   there should be options where you can anonymously leave your baby in a hospital , at a police station etc. 
  there are . 
  you live in some idealized world that is faaaar away from real one . 
  by sticking to your principles you willingly create a situation where babies will be cutted into pieces , thrown into garbage , drowned etc. 
  just so you can say that `` you do n't condone murder '' . 
  you know it will happen , you know some woman will mutilate a baby if they ca n't get rid of it before birth but you will allow this . 
  this is fucked up . 
  no , it 's `` when bad shit happens to you it had some cause '' . 
  you probably do n't mean wrong but i cas see that you have no idea how buddhism works . 
  you completely diregarded what i said about buddhism and societal progress and you just thought of one thing you could say bad about buddhism . 
  that 's childish . 
  2 years ago woman went blind because of pregnancy comlications . 
  doctors knew this would happen but everyone refused to abort . 
  my friends baby was developing with barely no heart , it just stopped developing at some point . 
  it was 100 % certainty that the baby will die in the first minutes from being borned . 
  so you support a law banning those woman from terminating pregnancy , even if this means forcing them to go blind or give birth to half-dead kids scarring them for life ? 
  so even if you know that ( like in case of my friend ) child will be born without functioning heart and will die the same day it 's still ok to make this woman give birth to it even if she does n't wa n't to and it will mentally scar her for life , like prof. chazan did with many woman ? 
  are you seriously saying that it 's ok to hurt woman in the name of some principles ? 
  and you failed at understanding simple thing in the question you avoided : there are woman who wo n't give a baby to adoption no matter what , they hate it and the only chocie for them in their own eyes is to have an abortion or to throw baby away to trash bin . 
  now , given this context - what do you think is better thing to do for this mentally unstable theoretical woman ? 
  there 's a science saying that unborn baby does n't feel pain until some weeks passed as you need to have a brain with enough complexity to : a ) have a capacity for pain . 
  b ) have an ability to percieve that pain . 
   how do you know ? 
  because up un til some point it does n't have a nervous system with a frontal lobe that could produce a feeling of being consciouss . 
  no appropriate cns - no perception , sensoric or mental . 
  remember guys who made a woman give birth and it made her blind ? 
  yeah , they took such a good care of her after they practically blinded her ... 
  they become alive when they meet or maybe after joining all chromosome pairs into one set in cell nucleus is completed ? 
  after first cell division or before ? 
  at which exact point it becomes life ? 
  we eat pigs because we like how they taste . 
  in this current age it is perfectly possible to have a healthy diet not involving killed animals so stop with this `` we need this '' bullshit .
