  having a scotland . 
  for now :d joking aside , why would you tie british identity with eu ? 
  shit taking, 
   i ` am lol, 
  nope , just our proffesors , doctors and programmers . 
  our criminals , drunks , junkies and hooligans will stay there as long as they can . 
  we 're like a family that just lost a dear cousin , or a group of friends who lost their group drunk guy . 
  we 're going to get closer together for comfort , all fuzzy and warm on this cold , rainy night . 
  yes , those vicious warmongers . 
  our current ruling party was riding the `` eu is the civilization of death and degradation opf catholic values '' waves for years . 
  they love to spit on eu , blame it for everything and scream loud about how they are robbing us . 
  they are very anti-eu and i think that their last statement surprised everyone . 
  and no , they wo n't be chill , just like they were n't chill about immigrants and how they declared that civil union for homosexuals is not an option and they wo n't let eu have any say in this ( because ` muh bible ' ) . 
  vodka and schnapps . 
  oh , and after scotland leaves uk and join eu , you know , you fuckers will jump through hoops just for the scotch , 
  he is factual but the perspective is wrong . 
  see other replies to his statement and you 'll se why is all not that peachy for uk . 
  yeah , but 2.3 % of all imports is not equal to `` the uk produces nothing which interests america '' . 
  and i do n't think that this number is irrelevant . 
  so no matter who will win usa'an election - we 're fucked . 
  how eu was discriminatory to those outside of the europe union ? 
  by not letting them in ? 
  let 's have it then , shall we ? 
   :d but seriously tho , i already miss uk . 
  and 45 % is eu !!, 
  jesus christ , good luck finding another market foru your goods . 
  eu will also be looking for some new markets so there 's not much room for competition , is n't it ? 
  check last week tonight 's episode on donald trump , from february . 
  i almost died laughing . 
  last week tonight is the biggest impact uk had on usa since their separation as independent nation :d, 
  you were asking why are we bitter about brexit so i listed those things . 
  things that are bad about brexit are by-products of the decision to leave the eu , why write truisms ? 
  of course , any nation should be allowed do join or quit any states-club using legal measures . 
  they decided they want to leave and even if this will plunge uk into stone age - be it , it 's theirs choice . 
  i 'm not talking about being wrong , i 'm talking about lying . 
  but you do n't seem like a person i would like to have a discussion . 
  i 'm civilized and good mannered , while you seem to be wanting conflict and opportunity to caps . 
  i 'm just going to block you know , have a good day . 
  shitload of people from europe will have to leave uk , even though lot of them have a normal life , pay taxes and all . 
  shitload of people from england will have to leave countries they live in and there are lots of them . 
  sudden complete crash of your career and everything you 've build is not good to anyone . 
  and we are bitter , because we love ( at least i ) uk and it was good to be in one team with them . 
  as lincoln said `` a house divided against itself can not stand '' and we are like a footbal team that just lost their valuable member . 
  we are bitter because lot of leavers are racist idiots and no one likes to see skinheads having it their way . 
  we are bitter because those fuckers could 've just started a trend among other stupid fuckers in other countries , with eyes full of symbols and mouth full of hate . 
  jesus christ , how can you not understand what he is saying ? 
  :d i 'm not surprised that you have no idea what 's going on in europe and all you see is `` hurray , we left , muh independence !!, 
  where can i see the rest ? 
  if greece would quit eu they would fall right into russian power and we do n't need this right at our borders . 
  that 's just one thing , but i 'm sure there 's more . 
   the damn polish leave us out of this , we be poor :p, 
  lying , for example . 
  and : oh please :d no one beat eu . 
  if you have a group of kids and one of them suddenly gets angry for some reason , starts to swear , soils his pants and run away from the room - rest of kids did n't get beaten . 
  just see what is happening with sterling and what is happening with euro . 
  1988 represent !, 
  thanks ( :, 
  i did and still had no idea . 
  the guy above you answered me , so now i know . 
  ok , but what is the game ? 
  you forgot to mention most important thing : p, 
  they are very religious society and they are one of the most happy country in the world ( according to one estimate - most happy ) . 
  what about bhutan ? 
  no , he 's a real deal retard . 
  yeah , seems like i jumped the guns , as different sources say conflicting things . 
  you 're saying it like we 're not backward homophobes , as a nation ... 
  yeah , it maked me really sad . 
  especially , since i know why did poland joined russia . 
  our current government is right-wing and full of conspiracy theorists . 
  one theory of pis politicians is that in a near future un or eu will make them legalize civil unions between people of the same sex . 
  you read that right . 
  they are not afraid that they will make them legalize gay marriage . 
  they oppose to even civic union . 
  and to avoid this strange conspiracy they helped iran to continue discriminate and kill lgbt people . 
  polish gvt is full of sick fucks !, 
  what kind of pattern ? 
  you mean my government getting more and more like russia or iran ? 
  i 'm an occasional reddit user , so i might be out of loop : p but i see why is this popular and i think i 'll download this whole show now :d, 
  i have n't saw it , i did n't even heard about yes minister . 
  thank you / u/ictp42, 
  must be . 
  i 'm from poland and portugal seemed poor to me =p, 
  could you say that you 're ... yearning for the fjords ? 
  :d will you ever go back to us or are you growing new roots there ? 
  we always welcome american-bro 's here , 
  you mean you put all that in a hat and then you put it on your head ? 
  to each their own ... 
  mate , come to poland and try some [ \u015aliwowica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9aliwowica_%c5%82%c4%85cka ) . 
  this shit is 70-80 % alc content but you can still taste ( and very clearly ) that sweet , sweet taste of almost , but not yet overripened purple plum . 
  croatian sound like unfunny czech . 
  russian is kinda simmiliar to poland but only because it 's also slavic language . 
  but it 's one of the hardest to understand from all of them . 
  croatian on the other hand is very easy for polish people , some say it sounds like unfunny czech :d i could speak to croatian people in polish , they spoke in croatian , we were all drunk , no communication problem whatsoever . 
  somehow , because croatian is from another branch of slavic languages i think in some cases it works as a bridge between different slavic languages . 
  yeah , but do you honestly know how it is to have other nations around you that speaks different languages but if you focus enough you can understand them a bit ? 
  this is really strange and funny , especially in his example - polish is very different than russian , we often do n't understand eachother . 
  but croatian , being from mthe different branch of slavic languages works in some cases like a bridge between two languages . 
  `` once when the great teacher xuansha was cutting down a tree , a tiger bounded out of the woods . 
  the teacher 's companion said , ` it 's a tiger ! ' the teacher scolded him and said , ` it 's a tiger for you . ''', 
  what the fuck ?
