  this is simply not true . 
  honest , not-leftist citizens are really concerned about what is happening . 
  and shit is happening . 
  om nom nom nom, 
  wait , did you just said that most people regard donald trump an authority on democracy ? 
  they 're saying like they 're proud of it . 
  like there 's something to be proud about being an ignorant who does n't care about his country . 
  and at the same time they declare patriotism . 
  jesus fucking christ , you ca n't be a ptriot if you do n't care about what 's going on with your country . 
  not that educated , it would seem . 
  do you have the best words ? 
  sweden ? 
  switzerland ? 
  it 's mbullshit , you just have to talk to people about it , then you 'll find out . 
  i 'm cassualy talking about it with customers and most of them are angry about it . 
  everyone who is n't right wing pis supporter . 
  if you do n't know what i 'm talking aboiut , you need to get out of your bubble . 
  this is a total load of bullshit . 
  can you even point poland on the map ? 
  yes , we do . 
  right-wing fanatics of ruling party are downplaying it and saying that `` whatever dude , this is not important , we have more important stuff '' . 
  but they are protests every month and most of us are angry about what they 're doing . 
  so acting like a 5 year old that tries to be funny is now considered `` destroying '' ? 
  i hate farage but i feel so sorry for him that he had to sit there with this parody of journalist . 
  she 's on the `` na-ah , your mom is ! '', 
  level . 
  unless they lie , like they did . 
  enviroment . 
  d-d-dutch breaker !, 
  yeah , the writing also make it hard for me . 
  but whenever i speak with someone from croatia we just abaddon english and we both go back to our languages and this makes comunication much smoother :d, 
  just like in poland . 
  i had 5 years of german in schools . 
  for the first 4 years they changed out teacher every year and the new teacher would malwasy say that the last one probably did n't know what she was doing . 
  so each year we would start from scratch . 
  so do i know german ? 
  neyn . 
  west slavs can understand south slavs easily . 
  source : am polish . 
  croatian sounds to us like not-funny version of czech . 
  did you just called finnish language scandinavian ? 
  oh my god ... 
  so murdoch just predicted that it would be distasteful to sell it there ? 
  or was he expecting sales below the margin of profitability ? 
  you got me curious : why do n't they sell sun in liverpool ? 
  are you retarded or do you seriously expect serious answers from people you try to insult ? 
  why do you feel the need to insult people with different opinion ? 
  as a person who is rightist i 'm ashamed that i 'm in one group with fucking kids like you . 
  wow , username cheks out . 
  yes , u/stormgeddon , what do you have to say about this ? 
  that 's good to know , i know some people who 's lives would be ruined . 
  i agree that what you describe is a preferable future . 
  everyhing that gives people of the world more freedom is good in my book but the current world is not ready for this . 
  i have high hopes and i think we will get there , 
  you did not ask me any question . 
  confused ? 
  i do n't see any of this . 
  i do n't know a single person who says stuff like this . 
  i think the hate is directed toward racists themselves . 
  people are just surprised that there are so many and so active in the uk and those reactions come from shock . 
  please do n't bundle racist haters with idiots , just like we try to not bundle racist idiots with regular britons . 
  i 'm leftist and even i do n't agree with `` let them all in '' . 
  if this is your definition of racism then all countries are racist . 
  and hair saloond are discriminating baldies for being born with wrong genetics . 
  and gentleman club are discriminating to women for being of wrong sex . 
  there 's nothing wrong with limiting the numbed of people you let into your country . 
  what context , this is the only top comment there, 
  of course . 
  they are constantly hating on `` damn leftists '' and at the same time created a bloated system called `` 500 + '' where you get 500 pln a month for each child ( with some restrictions ) . 
  and you know , `` we , the right side of the scene '' :'d, 
  i meant `` ours '' as `` coming from poland '' . 
  check how much we spend on vodka . 
  last one :d after him all that 's left from usa is this : http://imgur.com/qnuwqtj, 
  i do n't understand that first link . 
  guy is worried about nationalism , what is wrong with what he said ? 
  jesus christ , speak your mind . 
  i do n't have a clue what do you mean . 
  google `` polish man beaten to pulp '' . 
  i do n't see any `` scale media would like us to think '' . 
  i just see reported cases of xenophobia and if those 10 or something cases during last week makes you think that something is wrong - maybe it 's not the media ? 
  maybe something is wrong ? 
  yeah , they just censored other stuff that suited them . 
  and mongolia , but they are eco-nazis http://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2013/07/a-mongolian-neo-nazi-environmentalist-walks-into-a-lingerie-store-in-ulan-bator/100547/, 
  because they are not in the eu and it 's hard to get a right to live there . 
  well said , cheers . 
  sadly this is common sentiment among polish people . 
  maybe it 's not the majority opinion but it 's not unusual . 
  but i can partially understand that , not long ago it was very , very hard to leave country and we know this freedom only since ' 89 . 
  and we did not had a long time to see world and witness how diverse and rich it is . 
  we also have almost exclusively white society and mono-cultural so the mere thought of letting in people who are so different than us makes some small people afraid , even if they think it makes them angry . 
  cognitive dissonance . 
  oh right , you have anecdotal evidence so this woman must be fake . 
  and all those photos of people beat to pulp on a street - leftist propaganda . 
  and my cousin getting spit in a face for speaking polish - fake as fuck , leftist propaganda , right ?!, 
  jesus kurwa christ , i ca n't believe what i 'm reading, 
  nothing , this is a nationalist lie . 
  they hate other countries so much that they take an idea of integration as an attack on their values so they constructed this narrative where not-nationalists think that it 's bigoted to wave you ' r own flag . 
  the rage is because it is not true what you 're saying . 
  no one thinks that if you cherish you 're national identity then you 're a xenopohobe . 
  just some idiots from the right-wing think that this is what other people think .
