i did n't knew that showing a tank or a fighter were reinforcing the `` good '' and `` peaceful '' idea of russia . 
  i think it 's more about not seeing the point of learning english . 
  current generation should see the things from another way , being born with internet and global markets . 
  we do n't like germany , but it 's not about the people themselves . 
  it 's more than we do n't like the german government . 
   pr\u00e4tk\u00e4hiiret ( biker mice from mars ) i remember watching this on tv . 
  they were pretty sexist . 
  what is the cost of an apartment in swiss ? 
  cause i am high school teacher ... in france . 
  and our salary is around 1500 $ at the beginning ... 
  rent would be around 1/3 of that here . 
  i 'm not sure i get it right ; are they calling it as a minimum salary , or for even unemployed people ? 
  if it 's the first one it would be 3 times our minimum salary ( around 1100 $ ) . 
  if it 's the second one , it would be 6 times the french 's equivalent ( around 450 $ ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure even our communist party would say it 's crazy ... 
  i heard there was a survey done with 3/4 against a strike . 
  i 'm surprised by these numbers , but heard them twice from different sources . 
  do n't worry ; i never heard of any frenchman who liked parisians . 
  also there 's more people today that are living alone than in the past ; meaning less people to eat it on a day . 
  there 's lots of breads that last for a few days , but a baguette is not made for that . 
  i 'm the only one who care more about the fact he can wear a 32/32 than the price ? 
  wait , on which products does this +1 y works ? 
  i did n't know about that law at all . 
  done ? 
  not really . 
  they 're putting it live on news channels ... like they want to bother us until the very end . 
  why no news here ? 
  because from the last survey , 79 % of french are tired of these protests . 
  but we still get it on each tv news . 
  when you look at the maps you do n't see the same thing ; first one , with all this red , show us where there 's lots of people , while the other map , focused on blue , show us where there 's no one . 
  i wonder if this was the goal of the guys doing these or not . 
  i do want a federated state of europe . 
  always wanted , and hope i 'll see it before my death . 
  maybe in 10 or 20 years , when the political landscape have changed even more than today , people will think again about it . 
  but for now , they do n't think about being a big power , only about how to make the others takes the fault and avoid being hit . 
  i spoke about the neighbourhood with a girl today , and she said she does n't like some communities around here ... while she said being herself an immigrant . 
  maybe the bad score of france is simply because we 're more honest than the others countries about what we think on this subject . 
  that 's not racism , only that there 's more poor guys on poor places , and so they have statistically more chance of being bad neighbours . 
  cause they are not common . 
  from what i saw as student and then as teacher , you get like 1-2 blonde haired girl ( s ) on a 30 + students class here in france ... that 's not much ... and i 'm not even on the brown part of the map . 
  an historian friend told me about that before , saying it was a fake made up by the germans themselves to motivate their troops . 
   there is no pan-eu media to create common topics euronews does n't count ? 
  is this a subtle plan from brits to makes us frenchies think they are closer to us than these strange beasts from the other side of the rhine ? 
  [ mvflg ] ( http://store.hipstery.com/blogs/news/6910694-how-to-be-german-in-20-easy-steps-part-3 ), 
  i 'm always barefoot in my house , must be due to my barbaric gallic ancestry . 
  i never tip , nor my friends , i was even pretty surprised seeing some pictures jokes from americans with a tip on the bill . 
  i 'm not from paris . 
  minimum wages in france being way higher than on others countries may explain why it 's not common for us . 
  also it seems people who do n't understand not having children are way higher on those who manifest against gay marriage . 
  but as he said , most people do n't really care . 
  it 's important for a group to be able to say `` no , you should really think more about this '' . 
  nothing say a vote will pass twice ( well here it would , but that 's just an example ) , so making it be revoted is not meaningless , and i 'm not even talking about the big loss of time . 
  well , to be fair , the way our president has the authority to send armies without asking our assembly for authorization help a lot on being the first one to move . 
  `` direct attack '' does not exist anymore on this century . 
  same in french , someday feminists will ask for language equity :p, 
  not like we 're good at choosing which place to sell anyway , you remember these lands around the mississippi ? 
  if they want to be closer to america , we may be willing to sell them guyana , no need to move anything , and they will even be on the same continent !, 
  in sale for a price ridiculously low , buy now !, 
  ** france : ** * it 's cold * war on mali * obama 's speech * gay marriage, 
   uk = slayers of virgins just for this the link was worth it . 
  maybe this example can work : from what i know our pre-school system is one of the best in europe , which help a lot women to work while having young children , which help parity . 
  okay , so it 's about closer history , thanks . 
  i should ask his opinion about that , but this subject is not easy , hard to say it was really the wrong decision for ww2 . 
  for the middle east , i think it 's purely political choices . 
  i asked a friend who is history teacher some weeks ago , and he was pretty surprised by this joke . 
  he said that if on the past ( i 'm talking until the 19th century + - ) the french 's army made a lot of mistakes it was because they were still using too much honor and not enough its brain ( like charging front-line when they could have won easily with a better tactic ) , so almost the total opposite of what the joke says . 
  i 'm curious to know from what this joke comes by the way . 
  from the things i heard on tv , france wo n't intervene here because he does not support current government , and so do n't want to take a side . 
  this article was pretty special , but well , i 'll answer the title ; as a french i do n't care at all about them . 
  i lost my last hope on him when he talked about democracy on russia . 
  and the people of his age i talked about said they never liked him ... which surprised me . 
  as for bardot ... well bob_goes_up said what i though when her last thing appeared on the news yesterday or the day before . 
  i though she was dead . 
  also for those that forgot ; taxes are paid on the country where the money is made ; this will only change taxes he pays for his personal stuff , not for his movie business , nor for his wine . 
  what really bothered me is him talking about the beauty of the russian 's democracy . 
  well at least , after this i learnt that it 's not only my mom who never liked it , but all people from her generation . 
  i wonder who still like him in france ... 
  well given they just ended their leaders issues , they are on full tinfoil hat about this being a trap from the government to make them out of money . 
  given how slow is french justice , it will takes a while before some real news about this , so in the meantime , we 'll get a lot of drama ... 
  they said the same thing about divorce last time . 
  in france you protest first , then you talk . 
  i know it 's special , but it 's quite common here . 
  during some time after the revolution french had the right to manifest , but not the right to have a syndicate to talk for them . 
  so they had no choice but to protest to make them heard . 
  even if it 's now history , we still works that way often , so numbers can be hard to compare with others countries on this type of things . 
  but still the big manifestation against marriage at the beginning surprised everyone by his size . 
  the surveys say that 60 % is for , but only 48 % for adoption . 
  the law is for both at the same time . 
  there were manifestation for and against . 
  given the crisis is still here , and due to our customs , it 's common for people to manifest against something only to say they do n't like the government , even if they do n't really care about the reason of the manifestation , so things against government will always have a bonus , it 's like how the dark side is more powerful as he can cheat . 
  i 'm pretty sure the law will pass . 
  it may take more time and a referendum , but i would be very surprised if it 's not adopted by the end of the year , or next year on the worst case . 
  not at all , i 'm tired of news about him :p well this one was funny at least : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k79iq_xluiq ( french ), 
  * gerard depardieu * the new ump 's drama * gay marriage, 
  same for me . 
  given i live in brittany , i would n't see the difference in name and weather with our friends on the island . 
  i did n't even though about it ... 
  you should try again the eu , it will work one day . 
  the japanese though the same thing on gundam 00 :p, 
  it 's true .
