  soon people start asking where all the money is we earned and saved when we could use some of it right now . 
  refugees man . 
  they are victims of war . 
  you think of simple immigrants . 
  i would understand if the same people acted the same way against the banks that nearly got 480 bn $ in germany around 2008 . 
  but they did n't . 
  it was their money too . 
  when it 's foreigners though they start burning down buidlings . 
  the choice makes it really hard to get a good one . 
  i subsidize the lifestyle of many germans that basically do nothing their whole lifes but because they had the luck to be born within some imaginary borders so they get that shit for free . 
  if i could choose , i rather take the chance with refugees and immigrants that actually want to work than give other people a birth right they never deserved . 
  i experienced a payrise om sundays between 50 % and 100 % . 
  i think it depends where you work . 
  a lot of places i worked for used `` tarifvertr\u00e4ge '' so the unions made sure i get paid extra . 
  i generalized in my first comment because i honestly thought this was normal throughout germany . 
  too much faith in employers ... 
   they do n't even offer me 2 cents for working the whole weekend . 
  you get double pay if you work sundays in germany ... 
  i understand that it is not the attitude of the majority of muslim people , in those countries or not . 
  but what i fail to see is the rise up of the majority to keep those few in line . 
  no one ever says anything against those `` protesters '' ( what a funny description for rioters and murders ) even in the european countries where they are able to freely speak against those actions . 
  no major muslim association speaks out against it . 
  why is that ? 
  do they support the actions ? 
  i doubt they do . 
  are they stuck in the dogma that religion is above all and criticizing the `` protesters '' would be criticizing the religion and supporting that lousy little video ? 
  i guess so . 
  with losing the secular dictatorship they opened up the new democracy to religious leaders , that have the vote of the base , and they try to push their anti-everything-that-isn ` t-islam agenda . 
  and it works ... 
  is it our war though ? 
  one step to federalize is to have a common currency . 
  i think some people see the euro fail and belive the same thing could happen to a federalized geovernment ... 
  it 's a fight against something that ca n't be defeated . 
  there will always be the far right and people stupid enough to follow them . 
  the east should n't stop fighting it , but maybe they need to change the ways to approach it . 
  given the right amount of social safety you can hopefuly reduce the amount of people falling for the right ideology . 
  i also have the feeling the media , other countries and even ourselfs hold us to an unrealistic standard as if germany needs to be the one country that needs to be nazi free and if it is n't , it 's a failure for the whole state ... 
  `` let them eat cake '' ... 
  i ca n't take these women serious . 
  without all the boobs noone would care for them . 
  hi , i 'm germany , i 'm fat and slow but can i play with you , too ? 
  i 'm not against the eu per say , but in it 's current form i do n't support it . 
  how arrogant , petty and criminal i am ... 
  slow downs all the slow way down, 
  this is mostly due to an slowing down chinese economy . 
  consumers in germany still plan to invest in the german single market . 
  they are still making money , just not as much as they expected . 
  if we let you in next time , germany would be happy if you worked here . 
  after their economy crashed our economy , now , since they are back on track ( more or less ) they are scared that our economy will crash their economy again . 
  imho , they should stay out of our business . 
  they try to get involved in everything we do already . 
  this time we need to take care of it , alone and our way . 
  what ever the ruling will be , both sides , lovers and haters of the decision will use this argument and say it was a politic decision . 
  i bet you get some more info on how the data was obtained if you actually pay . 
  you get more then just a map . 
  this was made by a private company that provides the data to customers to make business decisions . 
  from their [ website ] ( http://www.gfk-geomarketing.com/en/home.html ) :  geomarketing is the analysis and visualization of the place-based component of market - and company data for the sake of making more informed decisions . 
  geomarketing answers all of a company 's `` where '' questions : where are my customers located ? 
  where am i generating the most turnover ? 
  where is my target group most concentrated ? 
  where do i have a strong or lacking market presence ? 
  these are just a handful of examples : the possibilities are endless !, 
  these are no offcial stats and it is not transparent how the data was obtained . 
  but i guess this is the data they sold in 2012 . 
  plus a lot of non violent drug offenses, 
  i 'm so tired ... 
   just the euro throw in argentina and brazil and you have the worldcup ... this is imho the tournament with the highest skillcap, 
  seems quite like it right now ... 
  ... , yet, 
  depends if your country actually has something to lose ... 
  i could n't vote for a single party in germany of 2009 ^ ^ http://imgur.com/5wahi, 
  good job neighbors !, 
  i liked it except that you brought in your personal opinion on lordi and cof . 
  it is a well written text before and after that part . 
  informs people of the basic history and outline of the contest with some interesting trivia . 
  but man that lordi part for me just sounded like `` this is no metal , i listen to real metal '' childness . 
  what does that even have to do with anything ? 
  leave your anger at bands you do n't like out of your , else nice , text would be my suggestion . 
  i like american football :(, 
  did n't know that . 
  thanks for clearing this up . 
  i 'm not even american , way to jump on conclusions on an opinion :d i just said what i felt from this article , i do n't know this guy , i do n't know what happend to him prior to his suicide but what i read from the article is that he had problems organizing his life ( as hard as it was ) . 
  and i never said the crisis did n't make it harder for him but to blame every problem this guy had on the crisis is just a bit too much for me, 
  ca n't tell fom the article . 
  he did n't expect to need cash in the future , was unemplyed for 2 years used one credit card to pay the next and the only income was the mothers pension . 
  the guy failed at life . 
  the crisis may have made it harder , and a mom to foster holds you back but , sorry , i ca n't take this as a `` desperate because of the crisis '' matter . 
  all fair points . 
  i shall reflect over them in my sleep  nice talking to you , have a good day , sir or maddam . 
  need to call it a day . 
  only one last thing . 
   i do n't think they are slowing down by enforcing . 
  either you accidently a word or read over one i wrote . 
  i 'm not sure , but it does n't take off of your point in the next sentence . 
  just confused me for a minute there . 
   although the germans have offered to do it for free , greek officials insist on printing them in greece . 
  this sounds a lot like the question is not if , but when greece will leave the fiscal union ... 
  and that 's where they start trolling you and actually kiss . 
  and you have to watch it for 4 weeks on every news side/chanel/paper . 
  choke on your metaphores .
