we had and have the technology to use renewable energies and were kinda pioneers in some fields , and it sells real good worldwide . 
  even if global warming was n't true it was never in the interest of german politicians to deny it because we could create whole new industries around the fear of global warming ... and against our constant fear of not having full employment nation wide . 
  pm me the adress please . 
  we have some nice postcards with ancient roman buildings in my city . . mainz , germany, 
  it was never suppose to fix the greek economy . 
  just to keep it alive long enough to be saved by internal measures, 
  i heard they do n't poop either, 
  and now he fails horribly as defense minister . 
  maybe we should 've never looked at von guttenbergs dissertation . 
  just letting them die will not work . 
  those same people give their power to someone they choose so it stays the way they build it up . 
  there will be no or only very minor change without the young activly trying to take away power from the old . 
  school and video games , lots of videogames . 
  i kept a dictionary besides me and looked up words if i could . 
  started learning when i was 11 i think . 
  and no programmer wants to help them ... they have massive problems recruiting people ... the ccc does a good job keeping a certain moral standard in the programming scene, 
  we usually put salzstangen in there, 
  well , no shit ... who can afford a car nowadays ? 
  fuck dog owners that let theier dogs shit wherever they want and not clean it up !, 
  fuck them !, 
  fuck them fuck them !, 
  not for german statistics, 
  mirror : http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=383_1369791909, 
  my way tastes better though, 
  there is double standard because we have contracts with each other in the eu while we do n't with not eu countries ... 
  if we maybe would stop feeding so much perfectly good food to cows to then eat them we would n't even need a backbone , globally speaking . 
  we dont want 'em , they do n't sell mj to us anymore . . :(, 
   it did not end well . 
  i do n't get this part . 
  were they angry that you mentioned the `` enemy '' or that you mentioned the war at all ? 
  did they think it was an personal attack against them ? 
  and you are ok in ours . 
   but there is also an undercurrent of feeling that germany is excelling at the expense of the southern mediterranean countries - benefitting from the euro at the expense of the southern eurozone . 
  imo , this comes from the so called safe haven effect . 
  because germany stands strong during the crisis it can sell bonds at much smaller interest rates to get investors to buy them . 
  germany saves a lot of money on paying back those interests in the next couple of years . 
  right now it is easy for germany to get cheap money and invest it . 
  nations that are hit harder by the crisis have to give out higher interest rates for bonds to attract investors . 
  they are not as stable as the german bonds , the risk is higher , so they need to give out higher rewards for investments . 
  so it 's just that the other dictators do their job better than the dictators the greek elected ? 
  pretty much never, 
  this would destroy retail . 
  christmas , eastern and the like are important dates to get the money flowing . 
  wait , were n't some of the stats they used to get into the euro faked anyway ? 
  so after they joined they massively enriched themselfs in all the new markets they suddenly opened . 
  in reality it was not that rich , because the numbers this `` rich '' are based on were false from the beginning ? 
  from one day to another it suddenly trippled the states deficit because they booked things incorrectly in the past edit : words, 
  in this thread : people so angry thay really think germany is ruled by the nazis again and put all blame on others . 
  everyone using the nazis for depicting german euro politics should think about if you really want to degrade the inhuman atrocities the nazi party did to european people by saying lending money is in the same league . 
  you make yourself seem stupid and uniformed , because instead of discussing what are other options all you do is insult and try to be internet funny . 
  this helps no one and makes people in the country even supporting less . 
  if foreign newspapers keep reporting this way and the people of these countries keep repeating the same insulting words the citizens of germany will lose interest in helping . 
  our government already has a hard job selling all those bailouts to it 's citizens in an election year . 
  getting indirectly insulted because ` obviously ' we voted for nazis again makes me think if it 's even worth to try to keep those people in any union because i just ca n't imagine they would like to be in a union with us nazis . 
  and by wisely you mean ? 
  yes , the people of these countries make this claim , not the politicians . 
  of course people gon na say they make concessions when money is given away and at the same time we close schools , require students to pay for education , the elderly have to suck up not getting retirement payments for 1-2 months etc. 
  do you think people in myanmar , somalia and countries like these are offended because someone has to give 7 % of some savings . 
  it 's a matter of perspective and yes they are on different levels . 
  you still ca n't take away the complaint of creditor countries because the reason they complain is still real to them . 
  edit : a word, 
  germans have the talent to make great movies . 
  investors in germany are just not willing to take a risk . 
  it 's the lack of decent funding . 
  this and writers . 
  all the good ones try to make it in hollywood . 
  for comparison , i 'm a student from germany . 
  if i would live in cyprus right now i had to give 202,05 $ to the government . 
  would it suck ? 
  would i be broke and can never afford to buy anything else ever again and will ive on the streets ? 
  nope . 
  what i think needs to be done is make sure no one suffers from this . 
  like , i pay 400 euro rent each month , if 400 is everything i have right now and would need to pay rent tomorrow but ca n't because i had to pay unexpected 6.75 % `` eu tax '' there should be no legal repercussions for me . 
  edit : spelling, 
  `` you guys , i know this tax money you worked for and we should really use on education and our expensive social state is precious to our nation but if you do n't give it to other countries , much worse things gon na happen . '', 
  making people in the receiving countries ` work ' for the money they get helps people in the giving countries to support them . 
  how many times do you think will citizens of these states take this argument and continue to support bailouts . 
  i get that it is hard for countries that need to be bailed out , very hard . 
  but you ca n't just give money away and then not ask for a sign of good will to change things . 
  even if it would not make sense , this would piss giving nations right of and would cause the same effect in the receiving nation . 
  there needs to be a middle way . 
  if it 's this one i do n't know . 
  but just taking money and living the easy live is n't a solution . 
  my suggestion why the netherlands are this high up is because they have some of the biggest harbors in europe . 
  a lot of food from all over the world arrives in holland to be distributed around the rest of the continent . 
  i guess if some of this is tossed it still counts towards `` wasted '' food by the county . 
  stupid sexy above average flanders, 
  a lot of money ... let 's hope it works out, 
  no one needs to join them , they use bases in our home countries to fight these wars . 
  that 's enough reason to be pissed off about us . 
  extra pissing for actually joining with forces, 
  we declare them as wutb\u00fcrger und mumble something about train stations , then we shoot them with water, 
  which the consumer ca n't or wo n't pay anymore because the same people you employ are also your customers . 
  next year we will introduce the hunger games . 
  gon na be a blast . 
  here ... idiot . 
  http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/eu-parliamentarians-vote-in-favour-of-refugees-binding-quotas-the-conservatives-and-the-far-right-oppose/ also this http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/majority-of-eu-parliamentarians-endorse-the-relocation-of-an-additional-120000-asylum-seekers-conservatives-far-right-and-ukip-oppose/, 
  i think we are scared shitless because we know we made some fancy math to get those numbers . 
  germany has millions of people in a job that still get government welfare at the end of the month . 
  so now they might be a bit concerned when they get some real unemployed people in a short time .
