  your self inflated sense of importance might attribute this to ignorance or stupidity but in reality its more an issue of relevance . 
  latvia is n't relevant , and so most americans have no interest whatsoever in knowing anything about you . 
  unless you know the names and flags of every us state ( all but one of which has a larger economy than latvia ) than you 're hardly in a position to espouse your superior global awareness . 
  my girlfriend is portuguese so i 'm also well versed with that situation . 
  i would say that all parties are responsible but i would hesitate to say it 's truly portugal 's fault . 
  yes portugal and greece could have made better decisions about borrowed money and so yes you did put yourself in that situation . 
  that being said , lenders all over the world ( including americans ) were falling all over themselves to lend to just about everyone . 
  all with the promise that the economy is booming , and you can use loans to buy and build `` zero risk assets '' . 
  to me the ez crisis is a lot like the american sub prime crisis . 
  where individuals were heavily encouraged and socially pressured to take out loans and buy houses . 
  on the ( ultimately false ) premise that the price of houses would never decline . 
  leading people to believe that taking out a loan and buying a house was a 100 % safe bet because even if worst came to worst the house would be worth more so you could just sell it and re-pay your loan and earn a profit . 
  obviously individuals acting in this way were not being very rational or making good decisions . 
  but in an environment where people are being actively encouraged to make these decisions and banks ( who are supposed to be only making loans which they believe can be repaid ) are willing to loan anyone money reinforcing these irrational beliefs as rational then its hard to 100 % blame individuals . 
  i see many of the ez crises as similar to that , sure portugal , greece , ireland , romania etc. 
  took out loans and ultimately those loans did not pay off when the period of unfounded optimism ended . 
  but this all occurred in an environment where the supposedly informed actors ( like banks ) basically abdicated their responsibility to think rationally in a period of wild exuberance and unfounded optimism . 
  in other words , it takes two to tango . 
   it 's everyone 's fault and everyone 's responsibility to fucking solve this . 
  that 's why we are a union . 
  i agree but unfortunately that does n't seem to be the attitude of the major players . 
  i do n't have any desire to see the ez collapse but ultimately the will to endure must be there and right now i do n't see that will . 
  instead i see a rise of nationalism and hand wringing . 
  there are military threats to the east , and migrant issues to the south , and economic problems across the zone . 
  but on all of these issues there is a lack of consensus . 
  countries hit hardest by mass migrations are receiving little assistance and great resistance to solidarity . 
  the german people espouse an open unwillingness to assist their threatened allies to the east . 
  and the countries which have most benefited from the euro are unwilling to expend that wealth in the service of countries which have been injured by its clumsy implementation . 
   national flags are part of geography curriculum in any school . 
  well then they 're teaching geography wrong : national flags are part of geography curriculum in any school . 
  zero results , its almost as if flags have nothing to do with geography . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make , i agree europe should become more unified and that means wealth transfers . 
  and i 'm very much aware that many u.s. states are heavily supported by the nation as a whole . 
  i obviously support this . 
  but in the end the eu and ez has refused meaningful help for greece . 
  their attitude is and continues to be `` not our problem '' . 
  if the eu and ez refuse to assist greece they 'll have no choice but to strike out on their own . 
  that 's not the greeks fault , it 's the fault of the rest of euro to rally together and say that unity is more important to them than national success . 
  but the greeks ca n't force europe to change . 
  dude i 'm on a phone and if i got your nationality wrong that 's why . 
  quick english lesson the study of flags is vexillology not geography . 
  we 're not talking about geography you should take an english refresher . 
  last time i checked america has maintained its nato commitments while austria spends less than 1 % of its own funds on defense . 
  and austrians have taken he lead in begging for an end to sanctions because `` ow my exports hurt '' . 
  so before you start crowing about treaties how about you learn to stick to your own , that or you should just bleach that flag of yours . 
  now why do n't you get back to throwing stones at minorities and let the and yelling at tourists for jaywalking . 
  i still think you 're a continent of pussies . 
  so i 'll stick by my offensive comments . 
  edit : upon recent news releases i rescind previous comment . 
  continent on pussies excluding lithuania , they 've got more balls than countries 50x 's their size . 
  which also is n't printed in the linked article . 
  glad to here some greeks know who 's talking sense , varoufakis is a fucking patriot and national hero regardless of the outcomes . 
  the guy has nothing to gain by taking the job , he 's working out of a sincere desire to help his people and even ( imho ) to help europe in the long term . 
  v. has no reason to lie to the people of greece or anyone else . 
  the dudes about as honest and direct as anyone you 'll ever meet . 
  and it 's laughable if people think that he 's cleverly manipulating the greek people for selfish ends . 
  i wish we had more politicians like him in the states . 
  thats not how it works . 
  they are n't executing every corrupt official in china . 
  they 're executing specifically selected corrupt officials who are in other ways politically inconvenient to the party . 
  hoping to send the message of being tough on corruption while not actually addressing the problem in a meaningful way ( at this point they probably ca n't address the problem , corruption is to endemic and deeply rooted in the party and government ) . 
  stealing a significant chunk of change from italy is n't going to get anyone arrested . 
  in fact it 's probably viewed benevolently by the government . 
  right i get it nothing is so important to europeans as not being mildly inconvenienced by anything . 
  what am i not reading , there is n't a single mention of that in the article . 
  in fact there is no explanation in the article period it just states that belgium backed down . 
  where are your sources that the original seizure was illegal according to belgian law ? 
  this all raises the question of the asset seizure was entirely illegal why exactly is it that it was permitted by the belgian courts ? 
  do the belgian courts not understand the law ? 
  because russia broke the law and damages were awarded to the plaintiffs . 
  as russia has refused to abide by the legal settlement it is the responsibility of governments to assist in the legal seizure of assets which is what the belgium courts have determined are legal . 
  there 's apparently a reason it takes the united states to arrest fifa officials committing crimes across the european sphere for decades . 
  because no nation in europe has the balls to stand up to a powerful entity which might be able to take punitive actions against it . 
  bunch of fucking pussies . 
  400,000 manufacturing jobs . 
  and plenty of services ( one of the largest shippers in the world ) which would probably attract a significant bump in sales with a currency discount . 
  beautiful tourism destination would also probably get a big bump in tourism with a super discounted currency attracting budget vacationers in economically hard times . 
  and if greece leaves the ez i do n't doubt it 'll be long until europe wanders it 's way into more economic crisis . 
  casually bankrupting member states as they go . 
  europe has already shown their inability to politically weather economic crises and there are any number of potential crises in the future . 
  some of which will become realities . 
  if greek goes today they 'll have company not many years in the future . 
  one without the other ai n't worth as much as you think . 
   `` a solution has been found to unblock as a priority accounts for the running of the embassies , ** and the rest will follow ** . '', 
  does n't sound like just those accounts , sounds like they 're unblocking all seized assets . 
  or else they would have said , accounts for running russian embassies have been blocked . 
  other state funds remain blocked . 
  does anyone on your continent have a fucking spine ? 
  what ? 
  nukes are a huge factor , the existence of nukes makes this a very delicate situation . 
  if there were no nukes you can bet the u.s. would be taking a much harder line against russian aggression . 
  there is a pretty huge military mis-match and without nukes the u.s. could quite easily `` bully '' russia into backing down without firing a shot . 
  but the existence of nukes makes that pressure far more difficult to apply . 
  any direct aggression against russia and they * could * attempt to use nukes tactically to negate the u.s. conventional advantage . 
  that would obviously be very scary , things could quite easily spiral out of control . 
  we could obviously win a war with russia , but the moment you bring up nukes winning may no longer be worth it . 
  any military confrontation with russia needs to be very limited , and you need to do you damn best to prevent russia from losing too much face . 
  the best solution is to militarily fence them off from the world as much as possible . 
  then to let them decline , hopefully in peace . 
  russia is a shrinking power , it 's falling further and further behind the rest of the world .
