  the end result of all this is greece is stuck in a downward spiral and they need help to break out of it . 
  but europe has so far decided that the union is less important to them than their own interess . 
  until that math changes greece is fucked and european unity is little more than words on a page , at least as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the strength of a union is measured in its darkest hour , not during a time of peace and prosperity . 
  yeah , but we 're a real nation meaning we suffer and succeed together . 
  europes got the shared prosperity component figured out . 
  you 're way less certain about how to behave during a period of hardship . 
  so far the attitude is , `` i 've got mine so everyone else can fuck off '' . 
  if only it were up to you and i. 
  my girlfriend is portuguese :-p, 
  things change europe is shrinking in significance and there 's apparently no will to take care of yourselves but also no will to do much harm . 
  the europe of the 20th century is gone you 've all been de-fanged , even the russians . 
  leaving europe alone is no threat to american dominance . 
  we 've got a better economy , a better military , a better aerospace industry , a better tech industry , a much better energy industry and we 're a more desirable immigration destination . 
  europe is a twighlight power and americas more significant interests and concerns are now in the pacific more than the atlantic . 
  europe is demographically weak , militarily weak , and even your economics look increasingly shakes . 
  you 're right that the united states wants to be in the game , but europe is n't in the game any more . 
  time to let you decline in peace . 
  you do know there are ** multiple opinions ** on u.s. foreign affairs ? 
  and that there are any number of think tanks espousing their personal views while other influential think tanks and government members have very different ideas ? 
  there is a not insignificant isolationist movement growing within the united states right now . 
  i for one am not isolationist , i thought of the eu as a potential partner in shaping and influencing the world . 
  but more and more i do n't believe the europeans have the will or desire to even hold the eu together . 
  more and more i see the european continent as a bunch of individually insignificant nations more concerned over petty disputes than advancing a positive future vision for the world . 
  the russians are n't much of a threat any more and with every passing day they fall further behind . 
  europe can handle its own security these days , you can bicker amongst yourselves without my tax money . 
  when european nato members openly demonstrate a lack of commitment to nato in both word and contribution i ( and many americans like me ) do n't see a continuing need for it . 
  that 's not how nato works , nato requires a unanimous decision to initiate actions . 
  the u.s. and nato partners can undertake foreign actions but that does n't make them nato actions . 
  we 're the largest oil producer on earth , and we 're neighbors with two other very large producers . 
  bulgaria uses more me oil ( by percentage ) than the united states . 
  i 'd be happy to have the finns , they at least know their way around a fight . 
  but i 'd rather countries that do n't even defend themselves not invite my country to defend them . 
  oh i 'm sorry , invite the multinational and equitably supported international alliance nato to defend them ( rolls eyes ) . 
  how about the current member states start contributing their fair share and then we start talking about new members . 
   are you going to give every person that asks you for money for free ? 
  why are n't you transferring union with them ? 
  yes , with every single pay check that is exactly what i do . 
  i live in new york city , one of the richest cities in one of the richest states . 
  my state taxes contain a significant transfer to the rural and poorer parts of new york state . 
  my federal taxes involve a significant transfer from nys to poorer states which each year are net recipients of federal funds . 
  i 'm a new mexican by birth , one of the poorer states in the union and a net recipient of these wealth transfers . 
  so i fully support and these wealth transfers and willingly ( if not happily ) will pay them for the rest of my life . 
  that is what it means to be a member of a union , i accept some personal sacrifices in order to support a greater whole . 
   so what ? 
  greece 's economic problems are of its own failure . 
  nobody elses . 
  that 's a very simplistic and not very honest analysis of the situation . 
   are you going to ask china to do a transfer union with the us just because the us have had a multi-billion trade deficit with that country for close to two decades now ? 
  i am not chinese , i 'm an american . 
  the chinese can do what they want i do n't owe them anything and they do n't owe me anything . 
  if china and the united states came together into some sort of union things would be different  perhaps they should use that anger to reform their economy and cut the rest of the wasteful spending obligations that is dragging their economy down ? 
  anger does n't build houses , or pay pensions , anger is n't always logical or sensible . 
  germany was never going to win ww2 that was a war of anger , sometimes people do stupid fucking things when they feel trapped and there 's no where to go . 
   yes you can , you just do n't give them money just because `` but but solidtary but but transfer union !!!, 
  but but krugman/stiglitz/yanis said x !!!!! '', 
  keep on telling yourself that , and you can watch the eu and the eurozone collapse around your ears . 
   greece are deadbeats for life , they do n't deserve any money just for existing . 
  nationalism rears its ugly head in europe once more . 
   it would have done so earlier ( at the height of the crisis ) . 
  we 're talking about human beings here not a bank spreadsheet . 
  the height of the crisis may have been the worst time to be a banker . 
  but for an average citizen the height of the crisis was immediately after things had gone bad . 
  being unemployed for six months ( especially when everyone else is suffering too ) is n't so bad . 
  being employed for a year , is worse . 
  being unemployed for 5 or 6 or 7 years is much worse . 
  especially when you 're unemployed but for other people in other countries things are going quite well and unemployment is very low . 
  suddenly you realize things are n't going to get better , maybe not for decades . 
  and i a currency union where you 're nation is n't even sovereign there is someone to blame the other ( richer ) countries with much lower unemployment who control the currency union more than you do . 
  the longer this goes on the angrier you get , your politicians are n't supporting you so finally you vote them out . 
  there is no respect and no relief from your currency union partners and at some point you just say fuck it , anything is better than this , i 'd rather be poor and free than be poor and be holding to people who do n't respect my life , and my hardships . 
  and eventually that anger , that exhaustion , that sense of alienation is what will tear the union apart . 
  you can not maintain a union where some nations are rich and prosperous while others are eternally poor . 
  because i a system like that there is no commonality , no shared fate , no shared experience . 
  and without these things there can be no union . 
  either you are a union with shared prosperity , and shared failure , or you are individuals with individual success and individual failure . 
   second of all they are economists and `` believe '' austerity was misguided from the start ? 
  back this shit up with numbers or take a seat . 
  what sort of experiment do you want ? 
  one where greece did have austerity and one where greece did n't ? 
  nations which avoided the sort of programs advocated by the imf and ecb have recovered quite well . 
  the united states and iceland are a couple of examples . 
  the countries which accepted austerity programs have performed poorly . 
  in the best case some countries who accepted these programs have been deemed to be financially stable once again . 
  but the economy as it relates to real people has improved little . 
  the one good thing which may be said of the greek austerity program is that it has precipitated a political shift to the current leaders . 
  tsipras and varoufakis actually want whats best for the greek people as a opposed to the corrupt oligarchical politicians previously in charge . 
  tsipras and varoufakis are very open to reforms but they can not make reforms with no money and no tools . 
  the question now is not one of who was right and who was wrong . 
  the question now is do you want an eu , and do you want a euro ? 
  because this will not end with greece , no matter how much the big players bluster about `` containment '' . 
  because in the end this is about more than percent of gdp or whatever . 
  this is about an idea , a construct , and that construct does not survive without faith . 
  and faith in the eu and the euro zone will ultimately not survive a grexit . 
  in much the same way it would shake the united states to its very core if we started expelling even our most minor states . 
  i mean you put your emphasis in very weird places but i do n't see it as condescending . 
  rather as adding tone to a form which is sometimes lacking in it . 
  any way moving on . 
  if you would n't mind laying out a counter argument because right now you 're just being prideful and indignant rather than making a meaningful counter . 
  now one of you call the other one a son of a goat , i 've always wanted to see that .
