  this image really drives it home for me : http://theaviationist.com/2013/03/19/b2-bird/, 
  yeah , russia in many ways spent decades behaving a whole lot like nazi germany . 
  the big difference is that the germans apologized while russia is basically prideful and unapologetic about everything it 's done . 
  less than apologetic , they 're still suggesting that they have a right to nazi gold in poland as `` war reparations '' or something . 
  russia has certainly earned their reputation . 
  but how sick is the new daredevil ? 
   have no interest in being `` powerful '' they may have no interest in being `` powerful '' but they want the life advantages of being powerful . 
  power comes in more forms than guns , it comes in industrial might and the domination of trade . 
  low unemployment rate is itself a facet of being powerful . 
  what you mean is that germans do n't want responsibility , they do want to be powerful . 
  they just do n't want to acknowledge that they are powerful because to do so would demand the making of hard decisions . 
   given the paranoia wide stretches of the russian military and political scene i believe it would enter into a tit-for-tat race of responses that would build more tensions until some kind of `` solution '' at `` some point '' . 
  why ? 
  because russia is suffering from a bad case of wounded pride and the same encirclement phobia that drove german militarism in the wilhelminian empire . 
  there is now way to cure russian paranoia except by folding to their demands . 
  just like there was no way to cure german paranoia without weakening all the states surrounding germany . 
  so long as germany is wealthy and powerful they will be feared . 
  the reason germany needs to take on a real role as a leader is because if they do not lead ( and lead equitably ) then you will eventually be feared and hated . 
  as european unemployment falls but germany remains above it all people will hate you . 
  there is no way to console russia , the only option is to give them no opportunities to force us to act . 
  so long as russia can not act they will not act . 
   what you 've described is an extremely nationalist society maybe a bit , but in europe nationalism is heavily tied to ethnicity . 
  in the united states nationality is far more fluid and open . 
  becoming an american is easy , if you want to be an american you are an american . 
  it 's hard to be afraid of `` outsiders '' when your nation is just a conglomeration of outsiders . 
  the thing to fear from american insularity is n't that we 'll lash out at the world ( semi randomly ) . 
  the fear should be that if america is no longer willing to act as the global force majeure . 
  there is a real risk of a minor nations arms race as they feel the need to defend themselves when there is no force pressuring for stability . 
  you 've got to remember that america is basically an island . 
  big oceans / gulfs on three sides . 
  a neighbor to the north with whom we have maybe the best relationship that two countries have ever had . 
  and to the south we have another neighbor with whom we also have extremely good relations . 
  yes there was one fairly small war , and a big land grab about 200 years ago . 
  but such is life in the span of world history , since then we 've moved on and have a very close relationship . 
  i mean a significant part of our countries are some form of a hybrid between the two . 
  and they are one of our largest trading partners . 
  so i think we can safely say that mexico and the united states will not be going to war anytime soon . 
  so the army in the typical sense is in a bit of a weird position in the states . 
  not much to defend against , and no one to invade . 
  so we 've got a very heavy emphasis on the ability to rapidly deploy a small but dangerous force and then backing it up with air support and naval power . 
  so one of these : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasp-class_amphibious_assault_ship is basically a mini aircraft carrier which can also deploy half a dozen main battle tanks , 2000 marines , artillery , trucks , and armored personnel carriers . 
  and then from the decks we can launch attack aircraft ( currently harriers soon to be replaced by the f-35 stovl variant ) , attack helicopters ( super cobras ) as well as heavy lift helicopters ( sea stallions ) . 
  along with all of that each wasp has a 64 bed hospital unit . 
  so a single marine expeditionary force can deploy , 2000 marines , heavy armor , artillery , armored transports , supply and medivac logistics , and advanced air support with 5th generation stealth fighters . 
  and we have nine of these ( including one of the newer america class ) . 
  also hovercraft , we have landing hovercraft , which is just fucking cool . 
  edit : after writing that i feel the need to say i 'm not a war monger and i 'll be happiest if none of these things are ever used in anger . 
  but i still think it 's a really really cool demonstration of engineering prowess , technical ability , industrial production , etc. 
  and these things have purposes beyond war , after the 2004 indonesian tsunamis there was a carrier strike group and a marine expeditionary group travelling through the area . 
  these ships gave us the ability to carry supplies into an area with totally wrecked infrastructure , to rescue thousands of people and fly them to world class hospitals floating off shore . 
  to generate enough power to provide electricity to whatever could be operated on shore , as well as the ability to desalinize thousands of gallons of water which is a major concern on islands which have had all of their infrastructure wrecked . 
  regardless of your opinions on america or military intervention these things are marvels of engineering , planning , and industrial prowess . 
  you 're neglecting the fact that to deploy we need to move our shit half way around the world . 
  russia is right there . 
  i 'm not suggesting that they are actually going to do anything but if they were to try . 
  they 'd probably do their best to prepare while not being blatantly obvious about preparations . 
  if it 's posturing sure they 'll add some tanks to the border and we 'll add some tanks to the border . 
  they 'll point their nukes at sweden and we 'll put up a patriot system in poland . 
  but if russia actually intends to attack ( extremely unlikely but for the sake of thought experiments ) they will attempt to do so with as much force as possible , with as little warning as possible . 
  they are n't going to move their tanks and troops to the border and then wait a week . 
  they 'll prepare their equipment as quietly as possible , they 'll muster their troops as quietly as possible , and then they 'll rush for the border take as much territory as they can and then they 'll hunker down and dare the world to react . 
  and if american soldiers have n't died going to war with russia is a very tough decision . 
  if they 've already gone that far then they 're already being pretty scary and irrational . 
  so the question of attacking them raises the very real possibility of a nuclear response . 
  it is possible ( at least in my eyes ) that with no americans dead we might back down and not outright attack ( complete sanctions , blockades even , but we may be unwilling to start shooting ) . 
  by putting troops in the way we remove that option and make it clear to putin that we 've removed that option . 
  if you want to invade this place you 're going to have to kill americans and if you kill americans you know damn well that backing down is no longer an option . 
  with or without troops a confrontation is extremely unlikely , but putting them there is a statement that we are dead serious about this line and if you cross it you 're risking everything . 
  stop pretending to be a great power russia , having a worryingly large number of tanks and nukes does n't make you a great power . 
  in the same way that a deranged homeless man with a knife is n't a great man . 
  he 's just an unpredictable threat to everyone around him and himself , which is not the same as greatness . 
  you notice that matteo renzi does n't talk about `` pivoting to asia '' . 
  italy is in most of the ways that matter a more significant world player than russia . 
  russia is n't `` pivoting '' anywhere , russia is desperate for a any source of revenue they can find . 
  it 's an unfortunate fact that being fairly calm and reasonable does n't generate much attention , regardless of the issue at hand . 
  for example all of the somewhat justified opinions about vegans / vegetarians . 
  the entire group of people get a bad reputation because there 's a percentage of people in the `` movement '' who insist on being dicks about it . 
  mostly no one notices the person who just eats what they want and does n't lecture people about it , or really talk about it unless asked . 
  sanctimonious and self centered douche bags often take on causes not because they really care about the cause . 
  but because they 're looking for an excuse to talk about themselves and their opinions all the time . 
  it 's funny but in my experience the people who are the most vocal about issues tend to drop things as soon as their life changes ( they get married , have a kid , move to a new city and find a new group , etc ) . 
  while people who quietly pursue their interests and convictions without parading them in front of the world tend to stick with them . 
  yep , people do n't quite understand just how unified the united states is ( in a sense ) . 
  as a nation were one great big never ending argument about , well we argue heatedly about just about everything . 
  our legislature is insanely divisive and unproductive at the moment . 
  the party system is a throwback joke to the 1800 's . 
  but underneath all of that we are one extremely unified people . 
  if anything as un-ambiguous as an unprovoked attack on american soldiers in an allied nation were ever to occur . 
  the time it would take americans to become universally outraged and demanding blood would be approximately zero seconds . 
  hard line leftists and conservative , blue state / red state , urban centers , rural areas . 
  none of that would matter at all , america is a never ending internal argument . 
  but the moment we 're un-ambiguously attacked from the outside , that 's set aside by the fact that we 're one people and we are incredibly touchy and prideful about that sort of thing . 
  kind of inclined to doubt it . 
  if it were a mass murder it would be a very poorly planned mass murder . 
  you 'd think if the intent were to kill these people they 'd have had some sort of disposal plan . 
  just abandoning the van on the side of the road where the bodies will certainly be discovered and there is a clear link to who was using the vehicle , not a brilliant plan . 
  i think smugglers who did n't think things through and then got really freaked and ran for it makes the most sense . 
   these are the kind of ludicrous postulates you have to accept in order for a ` fence ' - esque solution to be internally consistent . 
  oh trust me i laugh about it all the time . 
  in the u.s. mexico case we 've got a border which is over ** 3000 ** km in length .
