nah , too much aggressive expansion . 
  you 've got coalitions against isis already and they 've only occupied a couple of provinces . 
  an apparently serbian joke : what do you get if you wash a macedonian ? 
  a bulgarian and some dirty water . 
  resistance is futile, 
  that 's true . 
  bulgaria 's in the unfortunate position of being caught in between eu/western desires and influences and russian ambition . 
  they can not reasonably take an official stance without it dramatically affecting them . 
  `` oh you oppose our actions ? 
  well fuck you then '' russia would make life even more difficult , like a woman scorned . 
  conversely , bulgaria is in an even less of a position to go against the wishes of the eu and nato , and there is no reason to stick its head out like that just for the sake of maintaining good relations with russia . 
  bulgaria just ca n't win from this situation at all . 
  i do n't live in bulgaria anymore , but i do n't feel there is any strong anti-west or strong pro-russian sentiments really . 
  it 's a mixed kind of thing really . 
  this is just somewhat odd propaganda . 
  i think it arises from historical powers like gb and france usually working against bulgarian interests while russia was for all for it ( because of conflicts of interests between these powers ) . 
  i would n't apply this to a modern context at all , though . 
  it 's a mix of both kind of . 
  they 're using teabagger in the derogatory sense for members of the tea party , as one who `` teabags '' by putting their balls into other people 's mouths haha . 
  because all germans = nazis just like all americans = teabaggers right ? 
  right ? 
  ataka are a joke . 
  only a minority of people take them seriously . 
  fact is , most of the time in bulgaria , you 'll need a coalition of you want to get anything of importance done . 
  bulgaria does rely on russia a lot for some things such as petrol , depsite being part of the eu . 
  i do n't think bulgaria should take action ( yet ) , as there really are n't pros that outweigh the cons , and they are n't economically strong or influential enough to benefit from things like embargoes . 
  that 's not to say i support russia 's actions , but bulgaria would only be hurting themselves in the end . 
  haha why would you apologize ? 
  if you were n't aware it means `` happy birthday !, 
  i love you malichka ( someone 's name i think ) '' . 
  banitsa w / feta plus halva for dessert = heaven in your mouth, 
  much of your argument is straw man fallacies . 
  i do n't live in bulgaria any more , even though i am a citizen , and n\u043e , i do n't view these refugees as \u0446\u0438\u0433\u0430\u043d\u0438 / \u0440\u043e\u043c\u0438 . 
  stop assuming that i am racist , i said nothing against their ethnicity or cultural backgrounds . 
  you seem to be glad to stereotype and call us all racists , though , no matter what my points are . 
  many of these refugees are women and children , and many of these women do not have the same qualifications as men do ; it is typical for muslim women in the middle east to be strongly encouraged to lead of a life of domesticity . 
  if these were well-qualified migrants in search of a job , there would n't be many economic woes ; bulgaria is in dire need of specialists such as doctors anyway . 
  to think of it another way , imagine that the house of your relatives or friends burnt down . 
  they need some place to stay , and you ca n't refuse them . 
  while you try to be accommodating , your relatives are not employed and some have not even gone to university or college . 
  you have to spend some of your budget to feed and shelter them , which at first may not seem like a big deal , but your family becomes upset because you have less of your budget to spend on them . 
  this example is n't exactly to scale , but my point is : it is easy to judge people 's reactions without thinking from their perspective , until you put yourself in their shoes . 
  says the american . 
  but in all seriousness , these migrants are more likely to put a strain on the economy than make it flourish ; they are running away from war , and thus since their primary purpose is a better life despite many of these refugees having little to no applicable qualifications , not to mention knowledge of europeans languages . 
  so they will work menial jobs , if they manage to get any , that is . 
  all the while the government houses them , using up their budget while there are things that are in dire need of fixing with the citizens and residents themselves , especially in bulgaria . 
  if people want to partake in something with long term risks , why not let them choose the flavour of their poison ? 
  i 'm pretty sure making warnings bigger will have virtually no noticeable effect on deterring smoking as smokers have already made their choice . 
  the same way there is flavoured alcohol , is the same for tobacco . 
  i personally ca n't stand regular beer , obviously cigarette companies would flavour cigs to appeal to those disgusted by the regular tar-y taste the same way alcohol companies do . 
  besides bulgarian , i say english , and russian , because it sounds really soft compared to bulgarian . 
  it 's like having butter in your mouth . 
  also russian sounds more dramatic compared to the more serious bulgarian . 
  they are honestly pretty costly . 
  i was in sofia a few days ago and i saw more police than protesters . 
  they must be paying them overtime . 
  not to mention that the protesters themselves tend to block up traffic really badly at times . 
  it 's one thing to protest the government , another to obstruct the lives of people who are just trying to get on with their day in the process . 
  in bulgaria , many people vote for the `` lesser evil '' of candidates , then protest the government after they 're elected . 
  of course , lots of the protesters do n't know what they truly want from the government , they just want them out of power because they dislike them . 
  i do n't get what 's deal with bulgarians and stalin . 
  bulgaria was never part of the ussr , despite its propaganda and communist take over of the country after/during wwii . 
  there are/were plenty of other figures of note in the bulgarian communist party ( i think it does n't exist anymore ) , but stalin ? 
  he drove many people to death , and bulgaria would have suffered much more under his role . 
  in a way , this soviet-era symbolism ( such as hammer and sickle grafitti ) is not that unlike that of neo-nazism ; many people who hardly or never experienced its effects have an idealistic view , while the reality was anything but . 
  the brain drain is real and had been going on since the post-communist era . 
  many bulgarians and i presume romanians as well are qualified , though the pay in their respective countries is much less than that of abroad , so countries like the uk are glad to accept them . 
  this is a bit of the other way around , but those dutch wafers i got while i was in holland were absolutely godly . 
  i have n't found those here in canada yet , and they 'll likely be imported if they are here . 
  welp . 
  you heard it here first folks . 
  according to germany , forcing member states to accept refugees en masse  an economically strong eu . 
  how can this possibly the best course of action ? 
  if they go through with this , then it will hurt everyone , even the refugees themselves . 
  how did you know about our secret nuke base ? 
  i mean , uh ... shhhh . 
  to play devils advocate , it makes sense because there are too many of islamist radicals who were making threats against these christians despite being in fucking europe not the middle east anymore . 
  though i am sure most of the immigrants regardless of nationality or religion are just regular folks , there are a staggering amount of radicals and people of dubious intention crossing into europe all at once . 
  since it is logistically impossible to check all those people , you are going to have some people who have less than honourable intentions , as we 've already seen . 
  any country would be at least a little reluctant to take in many refugees , with these kinds of problems . 
  also it 's not like croatias economy can sustain or integrate a a huge number of mainly impoverished refugees at once without some sort of economic detriment ( at least in the short term ) . 
  that said , they are not absolved of any responsibility just because of this . 
  europe must cooperate now more than ever to find solutions that will work out in the long run, 
  it 's ok , people mean social justice warriors , not swedish jarl warriors, 
   they have described him as a `` muslim masquerading as a buddhist '' and compared him to hitler . 
  welp , the dalai lama is hitler . 
  godwin 's law is complete and we can all go home . 
  i was referencing ck2 haha, 
  but the pope can only call one every 30 years and one just got called against isis, 
  write scrolls every day, 
  well it was nicknamed istanpoli or something close . 
  pretty sure the turks and greeks were n't using the exact same name for those places , even though the turkish names were derived from the original greek ones . 
  greeks would n't be calling it `` istanbul '' precisely though . 
  why count on law enforcement ( which is generally crappy in bg tbh ) when you can waste some perfectly good sugar !, 
  people say the same thing about cska as well lol . 
  it 's just stereotyping ; idiots know no club boundaries . 
  nigel farage , is that you ? 
  krum is the best one . 
  though imo even though they are n't bad , names like ivan and mihail are so overused that it 's basically a stereotype . 
  `` ivan ivanov '' and `` georgi giorgiev '' make me chuckle , no offense to anyone with those names .
