they are still a part of your history nazis are a big part of european history , but you do n't have statues of them all over europe . 
  why do you think we need statues of people who glorified slavery ? 
  because that 's what this is really about . 
  not having zeitgeist is like not having weather . 
  lol , sure it 's not a cheekasaurus ? 
  holy shit that 's terrifying, 
  really ? 
  a monster called puberty ? 
  that 's brilliant but cruel , because it 's true . 
   it 's normal that kids do n't like sitting in one place for 45 minutes . 
  just curious : what might the general opinion be of a kid who ca n't sit still for more than 90 seconds ? 
  i want to get drunk with you !, 
  plot twist : homeowner 's wife is an mma fighter ... who wears dirty boots indoors !, 
  i totally agree !, 
  hardwood flooring is superior to other types of flooring . 
  anyone else feel a breadstorm coming, 
  i know exactly how you feel . 
  i was born in 1963 , so technically i 'm in the boomer generation . 
  but i grew up in a very different world than someone born in 1950 . 
  i ca n't identify with boomers at all . 
  more and more , it does n't seem like a `` low-profile conflict '' , though . 
  if your theory is correct , sa is playing with fire . 
  birkenstocks are great for high arches !, 
   breadstorm that made me laugh so loud i scared my cats, 
  if we 're including non-eu flags , the coat of arms of nunavut is hard to beat . 
  i mean , it has a fucking narwhal !, 
  yeah i ca n't account for it either, 
  given what we have over here , i wo n't fight very hard . 
  you ca n't imagine how i cringed watching trump shove your pm aside . 
  i was horrified , literally felt like i 'd been punched in the gut . 
  trump is a fucking punk . 
  i actually hate him . 
  do men ( mostly ) go there early on saturday mornings and hang around ? 
  holy crap that 's genius !, 
  you ca n't even imagine how much i love sauerkraut . 
  i currently have 4 different varieties in my fridge . 
  it 's quite possible that you hate it because i love it soooo much ... my love just sucked the oxygen out of you . 
  and i 'm not even sorry about it , because it means there 's more for me . 
  in the us we were told to tuck our head tightly between our knees , so we can more easily kiss our ass goodbye . 
  what 's the biggest barrier in france that keeps the immigrants separate ? 
  to warm yourself, 
  do you have a pantry full of food you 're not supposed to eat ? 
   maybe i just give off some aura of criminality if it gets really bad , people will start to think you 're from new jersey . 
  i 've given up trying to pronounce rural correctly . 
  i say `` rurl '' -- rhymes with `` girl '', 
  very interesting graph - thanks !, 
  aaaron , then, 
  op , that looks like a joyous and crazy celebration !, 
  what a lovely tradition . 
  til : cyprus is a dank meme desert . 
  edit - spelling error . 
  damn you , autocorrect . 
  also , in the eu : north means south , and they walk on the ceiling . 
  yay physics !, 
  seems to me that regarding literature , polish schools are more rigorous than us schools , judging by that list . 
  football hooligans ? 
  count me as one who had n't heard of this before . 
  according to wiki , it was 6.8 and only 5km deep - no wonder there was such devastation . 
  that 's incredibly shallow !, 
  the rain in spain is caused mainly by planes . 
  exactly . 
  it 's good to get a different perspective on life . 
  please be a hamburger , please be a hamburger , please be a hamburger ... 
  my mom used to feed this to us when we were feeling bad - so freaking delicious !!, 
  i had no idea it was scottish . 
  hush baby , sshhhhh , no one is looking and i 'll never tell anyone you were here ... now how about some ranch dressing on those fries, 
   usa is so riled up against mexicans because of illegal migration and crime , not because of being ideologically different honestly , no one i know feels this way . 
  the idea was brand new to me when trump said it - i was ( and remain ) stunned . 
  in my circle , mexicans are seen as very hard working and family oriented . 
  it 's a wonderful culture . 
  your flair does not mention you 're dutch though \u263a, 
   i am from a country that you have n't heard about oh i learned about your country on star trek !, 
  you 're all blueish and have antennae . 
  what are the pros and cons of each option ? 
  i think of `` west '' this way , too - politically . 
  unless it 's in reference to a direction , of course . 
  i visited costa rica last year . 
  it felt very european , but on a beautiful warm ocean ( the only ocean i 've visited in europe is the north sea ) . 
  a bit less infrastructure , though . 
  it 's a terrifying sound , kind of a roar . 
  but if you 're inside mostly you hear the building shaking , and maybe unsecured stuff crashing to the floor . 
  oh , and people shrieking . 
  or maybe you 'll just get really bad hives . 
  i think they each got it out of their system . 
  this , i believe , is the correct answer . 
  everyone should drive with their lights on . 
  probably does n't have to be a law , though \u263a . 
  do you have bread and cheese cooked or cold ? 
  in the us a popular sandwich is '' grilled cheese '' which is a cheese sandwich cooked in a bit of butter . 
  the food of the gods \u2764, 
  i live in a rural area in the us . 
  because our population density is so small it does n't make economic sense to put our power lines underground - our power lines are strung pole-to-pole . 
  it 's much cheaper !, 
  but as a consequence , we lose electric power several times a year . 
  all it takes is a tree falling across the power lines , and boom we 're in the dark !, 
  a friend of mine who lives in the netherlands was shocked to learn how frequently we lose power . 
  he said he has only one memory of ever losing power , and that was in the 1980s !, 
  all their power lines are underground . 
  well , i guess that makes economic sense in a densely populated country . 
  so , my european friends , i wonder : how often do * you * lose electric power ?
