how are they asking for special treatment ? 
  all we want is equality . 
  forgive me for my ignorance but how could this be a bad thing ? 
  from what i 've heard customs is a pain in the ass . 
  they kinda are . 
  especially in this country . 
  i disagree completely that it 's part of our culture . 
  i find the super patriotic war hawks annoying , and yes they are more than often conservatives in my experience . 
  most of them ca n't even find iraq on a map . 
  now , by saying they 're a dying breed , i do n't mean they do n't have power . 
  i do n't think they 're going anywhere soon ( unfortunately ) , but the older generation , more likely to hold conservative views , are the past . 
  the younger generations , more willing to challenge old ideas of morals and accept others , are the future . 
  liberals actually outnumber conservatives for the first time in american history . 
  there 's still a large group of conservatives , sure , but the number is shrinking and young people ( the future of our country ) are way more likely to be liberal and challenge other 's views . 
  i agree . 
  we 're so used to criticism from europeans that it 's basically just expected on every issue . 
  one thing to note is that the vast majority of americans with the `` american exceptionalism '' mentality are conservatives , who are essentially a dying breed . 
  the sad part is , as hiv rates rise , they blame the gays even more , which leads to them to stay in the closet and sleep around secretly with people they likely do n't even know . 
  and homosexuality was illegal in ireland not that long ago . 
  congratulations to the irish on this rapid change in the right direction . 
  while that 's sad , i have no doubt people like him will become a minority eventually . 
  just give it time , i guess . 
  i really hope you 're not serious . 
  the social revolution in ireland in these past couple decades is truly amazing , and something to be proud of . 
  i wish my country would grow up a little in this regard, 
  was actually invented in germany , i 'm pretty sure, 
  i do n't think anyone should be forced to marry people that are against their religion , no matter how crazy and stupid it makes them look . 
  they should n't have any power or freedom to discriminate outside their churches , however . 
  i actually quite like those !, 
  it 's obviously up to you guys , but i think europe needs to become more unified if you want to be free of large american/russian influence or interference . 
  does n't necessarily mean it did n't have a huge impact on his country, 
  i agree with you 100 % , i was just trying to point out how little sexuality matters . 
  there 's much more to everyone than just sexuality . 
  as a gay guy myself i 'm obviously pro-equality . 
  we 're more alike than we are different . 
  i 'm sure it 's hard for them to deal with it . . but this is really a good thing in my opinion . 
  i 'm sort of in the middle . 
  i think our money is a bit boring but euro bills look too cutesy for my taste . 
  * against kurds and isis . 
  kind of a dick move to hold the elections on christmas . 
  after brexit there has been a surge of hate against all foreigners . 
  including non british europeans . 
  their priority should be fighting isis and not attacking the secular group that the west is supporting . 
  is there a reason turkey feels the need to attack sdf though ? 
   it 's like early 20th century all over again https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide, 
  does n't make any sense . . native europeans are white . 
  this is not true . 
  occupy pedophilia targets homosexuals . 
  you realize that forest fires are naturally occurring too , right ? 
  you can have him now, 
  that 's true basically everywhere, 
  i do n't really know where that came from , she has n't said anything of the sort . 
  i 'd be more scared of trump doing something stupid like that . 
  what awful ideas . 
  what does that have to do with this incident ? 
  but it 's easy to make less than stellar decisions when you 're under attack . 
  understandably so . 
  if turkey was completely secular and its population were secular/progressive muslims , i do n't think it would be an issue . 
  as it stands now , that is not the case . 
  and it 's moving in the wrong direction . 
  they 're in nato , of course it would be much worse . 
  income inequality mixed with large numbers of immigrants . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  i remember that . 
  why did they protest the government ? 
  bad building regulations/govt response im guessing ? 
  it 's a show of solidarity against intolerance and bigotry . 
  how on earth did it drop ? 
  can someone explain to me why spain is so gay friendly ? 
  this has always confused me . 
  one would think considering the history , they 'd be extremely religiously conservative . 
  i really dislike this man . 
  you 're not even european . . 
  i 'm pretty sure racism can be applied to ethnicity as well . 
  or at least is is anyways . 
  imo fp\u00d6 will lose support . 
  the two major parties have formed `` republican fronts '' before to keep national front from gaining seats . 
  i see no reason why they could not do something to the same effect for the presidency . 
  but trump told me he would make us respected worldwide !, 
  also interesting that the netherlands hates donald but pvv is polling well . 
  a majority voted to leave . 
  ... why ? 
  that 's a good thing . 
  this is heartbreaking . 
  i 've noticed a lot of green parties rising in european polls , wonder why this is ? 
  sp is in favor of leaving the eu ? 
  possibly , or the socialists might abstain and let them form a minority government . 
  neither . 
  most likely center-right . 
  so what happens now ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken this is almost exactly the same situation as last time ? 
  he 's from poland , do n't try to reason politics with him . 
  will people just vote for pp no matter what ? 
  perhaps not - if podemos does n't gain some more then i think a pp - psoe coalition may be on the table . 
  or psoe abstains and pp governs as minority . 
  thank you !, 
  wait are results in ? 
  can you link me please ? 
  so it looks like the biggest beneficiary of the new election was podemos . 
  does this mean that psoe is forced into a coalition essentially ?
