  do n't know if i 'll go back to serbia right after but i 'm sick of this level of liberalism . 
  in the universities , masculinity has effectively been banned . 
  canadians do n't have a right to criticize others on their masculinity . 
  i 've met a few serbs who wholeheartedly agree with canadian values and it 's always funny to me , like seeing a malnourished dog raised by vegans . 
  do n't forget trump, 
  \\  canadian insulting someone 's masculinity do n't make me laugh . 
  keep your czech sensibilities to yourself please :\\ ^ ), 
  indeed , but that was n't in question to begin with . 
  the op said that one should follow one 's own sense of right and wrong rather than religious morals , when i am arguing that those can be one and the same , because latent religious values in society are often taken up by individuals as their own morals . 
  and why would you be rebelling against the dominant morals ? 
  is it something innate to you ? 
  or is it something that you picked up from interacting with your parents , with your teachers , with your peers , with the media ? 
  gay marriage is the apex of a long string of social changes that overcame a contradiction - on the one hand , western values were humanist , and stated that any person can prosper and become great if given the chance ( and furthermore , it is their right to be given that chance ) ; on the other hand , gays are intolerably monstrous deviants who can not be tolerated in society . 
  when people realized that they actually knew some gay people and they were n't so different , they relented on that view . 
  so what was actually happening , in the society at large , was that one deep-seated moral value fought another and one of them won . 
  in less humanist societies homophobia is still alive and well . 
  think about this : would your views be what they are today if you grew up in the hitler youth ? 
  what if you were a roman aristocrat ? 
  what if you were an arabian tribesman in muhammad 's armies ? 
  people are not born with a set of political alignments they adhere to . 
  while there may be some genetic predisposition , nurture usually wins out over nature when it comes to politics . 
  which is passed on to you by society just as much as any religious morality would be . 
  `` your own sense of right and wrong '' does not exist . 
  a human raised without social context is [ literally a feral animal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feral_child ) . 
  i suppose that 's technically a valid distinction . 
  that said , poland was still annexing a part of another country which had been bullied into nonexistence by germany . 
  it 's similarly vulturelike behaviour , especially considering the policies they implemented ; the new government set about polonizing the area and heavily promoted poles over czechs and germans , to the degree that some areas were ethnically cleansed via forced migration . 
   it was you who replied to me for no reason at all . 
  i did n't even mention serbs . 
  butthurt implies some sort of impotent rage . 
  i 'm not infuriated or anything , you 're just wrong . 
  you 're also the one swearing in your comments as if you were offended . 
   and who the fuck creates breeds ? 
  generally speaking , the culture in which they arose . 
  individuals are sometimes credited as well , because on occasion it was a single dedicated individual who recognized a need and developed a dog breed to answer that need . 
   there is no historical evidence who created the breed but some documents which show illyrians used this specific breed frequently . 
  in the absence of historical evidence , we fall to the common-sense explanation that it was the shepherds of the \u0160ar mountains who created the breed . 
  those shepherds were the serbs who lived in kosovo and the macedonians who lived in what is now northeastern macedonia . 
  the mountains do indeed extend into albania a bit , but they are predominantly located in what were ethnically slavic areas at that time . 
   is god a serb as well ? 
  sorry , dumb question indeed , why would you question something that 's common knowledge ? 
   butthurt you sound way more butthurt than me , friend . 
   fact is kosovar albanians use and breed this dog for a long time . 
  same with macedonians . 
  and also serbs . 
  and the fact of the matter is that there are many dog breeds which are now more common outside their location of origin than within it , but are still associated with that original location , like for example the chihuahua and beagle , which are considered mexican and british respectfully despite being * much * more popular in the us and canada . 
  besides , i never claimed the macedonians did n't have a right to it . 
  macedonians had a hand in the dog 's origin as well , but the albanians were not present in the area at the time . 
  as such , kosovars can not claim the dog breed for their own , because dog breeds are n't associated with those who use them , but rather those who create them . 
  that 's funny how you 're talking about stealing from neighbours , since any pre-1700 kosovar heritage is rightfully serbian ( as the region was majority serb until the conclusion of the great turkish wars ) . 
  the dog 's actual origin is not known but if it has been in that area for any longer than ~ 400 years - relatively young for a shepherding breed - then its presence in kosovo is not attributable to the albanians . 
  whataboutism does not excuse your own misdeeds but it is perfectly valid for denying someone the moral high ground . 
  poland also collaborated with the nazis before they were invaded . 
  what a mature perspective, 
   this particular church was started as a bunker of course , i mean [ they 're practically the same thing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e9gh5ye.png ) . 
  `` regression '' in the west has already happened a number of times - most famously , the anti-gay regressions that took place most specifically in weimar germany and more generally in the rest of the western world after the roaring twenties . 
  i do n't care about immortality and i 'm not afraid of dying . 
  i do n't care whether my legacy is good or bad , i just care that it 's my own . 
  i do n't want to have pieces of my own body used to achieve someone else 's dreams . 
  in any case , my physical body is directly connected to the intangible idea of `` me '' , so violation of the physical aspect of me , once my legacy 's the only thing left , is disrespectful to me . 
  consider that without the life-saving aspect , organ donation is essentially carving into a corpse and removing chunks of it . 
  i 've made my though clear on . 
  why i do n't want my organs go be given to others , so i 'd rather be processed into a tidy little pile of ashes that can stay in the family for a couple of generations , at least . 
  i think you 're trying to prove me a hypocrite or something , but unfortunately for you , i 'm serbian . 
  serbia became de facto independent in the early 19th century , and either way both croatia and serbia have their foundations in ethnic kingdoms founded in the 9th - 10th centuries , whereas canada is n't a nation-state and does not have a significant heritage , relatively speaking . 
  was n't independent until 1931 . 
  my body is connected to me , and it is tied to my legacy . 
  i want to live my own life and have agency over what my body does and what cause it stands for . 
  the chance is that my organs will go on to help someone i would n't like or would n't agree with . 
  even if that were not the case , i 'd rather not have bits of me enslaved to some other random person . 
  [ also , there 's this . 
  this is why i plan on getting cremated . 
  not only is it a far more practical solution both in terms of memorializing and storage , but it also prevents that exact scenario . 
  would you also support an opt-out policy where the government takes away children at birth and raises them to be unquestioningly loyal soldiers ? 
  it 's a moral concern , the generalization of such a system throughout greater society does not sit well with me . 
  half of all the things i say are ethnic jokes , it 's a common balkan trait !, 
  i draw the line at chunks of my own body . 
  there is no context in which i 'd freely give those away . 
  maybe to save someone close to me , but definitely not a random stranger . 
  my mother 's side of the family lost everything to the communists , you do n't have to preach to me that side of the situation . 
  still , it is a fact that the largest groups of croat emigrants from postwar yugoslavia were fascist usta\u0161as , especially if they were fleeing to south america specifically . 
  well of course , ideologically speaking , nazism is about as far away from communism as you can get . 
  in my opinion demographic trends are more menacing than any non-wmd terrorist attack could ever be . 
  the real danger does not lie in any number of such incidents , but will show itself slowly and steadily . 
  given the current political landscape , many ethnic europeans will likely not even consider it a problem . 
  it should be noted that given that croatia was ruled by a fascist government during wwii , a lot of those croats `` left '' for argentina for the same reasons a lot of germans did . 
  i 've lived in canada for three years now and whenever i come home i love to smell the cigarette smoke in the air . 
  i 'm not even a smoker . 
  well , the question is how much of that sentiment is required for it to stop being patriotism and start being nationalism . 
  i mean if you take some patriots and start insulting their country they would probably pick up a bit of that sentiment if only temporarily . 
  i know that radical nationalism has the potential to be toxic , but because we 're talking about human beings here , where viewpoints are complicated and often not absolute , it is quite possible for people to be generally patriotic and yet have competitive sentiment with other nations , or be nationalist but still be considerate of others who are not from their country . 
  i know a couple of serbian nationalists who love serbia and want to help us progress but mistrust certain foreign governments who have set us back in the past , and think that serbs and western should value the country much more than they currently do in the name of mutual progress . 
  should they be considered the same as neonazis ? 
  they mean different things but they 're not really that clear-cut at all , you 're splitting hairs . 
  here are the definitions merriam webster gives for either concept :  patriotism : love that people feel for their country  nationalism : a feeling that people have of being loyal to and proud of their country often with the belief that it is better and more important than other countries so by their very definitions these concepts are similar , with the exception that nationalism is more exclusionary ; though i 'd posit that every nationalist is patriotic since they love their country . 
  but there are still problems with your portrayal of the concepts . 
  firstly , you continue to deny that they are similar , which given their innate similarity is like denying that mice and rats are similar . 
  secondly , by these definitions america throughout history would qualify more as a nationalist than an exclusively patriotic state . 
  the basis of your argument is shoddy and i still maintain you 're trying to deny it 's successes by saying that they can be exclusively attributed to patriotism , as if we were talking about fascism and socialism rather than two very similar concepts . 
  i personally find it amusing how you 're trying to portray these two concepts as completely separate when they are clearly very similar .
