  why ca n't lower-level nations just reconcile their identity with the higher one ? 
  spain does not share those things with most of europe - portugal , france and italy are the closest european countries to it in that regard , and that leaves out all of central and eastern europe . 
  people will always seek to advance their own interests over the interests of others , and this split is defined based on similarities and differences to surrounding groups - europe is simply too heterogeneous for such a thing to last , unless you want to obliterate the regional identities - which is what would be necessary to have a lasting , solid union . 
  i personally hold my regional identity to be very valuable , and would not like to see it watered-down in a mixture with wildly different cultures . 
  for an ex-yugo you should be much more aware of how tenuous supranational identities and ties can be . 
  a united-states-like construct will not work where there are deep historical roots to a population . 
  the us worked out how it did because everyone was an uprooted immigrant without ties to their particular region of the country - meaning a lasting union could be forged on a common supra - `` national '' identity . 
  nations never came to exist in the us , except for the greater american identity . 
  this is absolutely not the case in europe . 
  this is a false equivalency . 
  those regions have a common language , culture , religion , and their people generally share a history , whereas spain and finland for example have none of those things . 
  this is true as well . 
  people were disillusioned for a number of reasons , including perceived eu apathy to our needs as well as continual demand for concessions towards kosovo . 
  our economic situation was not tangibly helped by eu either . 
  concretely speaking , in recent years , the ongoing mess with greece had a big effect on that , and then the refugee crisis sealed the deal . 
   so are you saying that the bulk of liberal-minded young people in serbia fits into the above extremist profile ? 
  both my personal experience and what i can see in the media suggests otherwise - they 're just normal people having to deal with an incredibly conservative environment . 
  not what i said , though it may have sounded like it . 
  even a substantial portion of our liberal youth , who support the eu for practical reasons perhaps , do not support a pan-european identity - i was saying that the only demographic that can be counted on 100 % to support that particular aspect is the extremists . 
  i have a number of more liberal friends , but i tend more towards centre-right personally . 
  which part ? 
  i 've been once but i was so young i only remember the beautiful mountains and beach we went to . 
  i would n't say there are too many of those , they are fond of leaving the country for education or after they are educated and not coming back ( the economy is shit enough that i ca n't really blame them too much for that ) . 
  they can most easily be found in the two biggest cities of belgrade and novi sad . 
   that 's a strawman argument . 
  nobody is suggesting otherwise , nor do the comparisons you list represent the mainstream of western liberalism . 
  i was personally criticizing those extremists , not mainstream liberalism - not to say i totally agree with that either , but i consider it a valid ideology at least , unlike the one practiced by those who i mentioned in my previous comment , which is ignorant and abrasive . 
   as somebody who lives in a nearby country with similar issues , i 'm painfully aware of that fact . 
  now i 'm curious  where is that ? 
  the thing is , secularism ! = state atheism , liberalism does not always mean rabid progressivism , and the western way of life , unless you ask a jihadist , does not usually consist of pseudointellectual arrogance and intolerance towards any degree of religion . 
  these things characterize that movement , and the stereotypical `` neckbeard '' . 
  they are not what the typical western citizen supports . 
  the reason i brought them up is that in serbia that group is one of the only majority antinationalist , globalist , and genuinely pro-european demographics at the moment . 
  they do not define our way of life at all . 
  for comparison , the pro-european , progressive , technocratic djb movement led by sasha radulovic got approximately the same amount of support at the elections as the dveri , who have such goals as removing the latin alphabet , restoring the monarchy , integrating the serbian orthodox church into the government , and instigating a 100-year ban on pride parades . 
  i would say most of these people are only motivated by the material gains they believe the union will bring . 
  few really believes in the european idea , except for the stereotypical enlightened atheist westernized youth . 
  i want nothing to do with most of my neighbours , let alone any countries on the other side of europe . 
  a `` european '' identity , trying to merge brits and germans and dutch with poles and croats and greeks , is ill-advised at best , and a tad na\u00efve . 
  so what , we 'll just go ahead and do it ? 
  do n't think vucic is even interested in it , he 's just using it as a pretense to gain votes from pro-eu voters . 
  the instant the anti-corruption requirements become relevant 3/4 of his party is going to get the boot . 
   dragging the union back into the middle ages . 
  at least scotland will be great again :\\ ^ ), 
  i know . 
  infuriating . 
  thankfully there are enlightened souls such as yourself to determine what these people should * really * want . 
  do n't know how civilization would survive otherwise . 
  that 's some nice lag you 've got there, 
  our church in canada had a minor schism over the last bishop here , he was the whores & rolexes type but they did end up removing him for his behaviour our clergy in serbia is not quite as opulent as some of the others but they are very politically involved which is of course not ideal, 
  nosite se svi u picku lepu materinu * i love and respect every one of you *, 
  count me in :\\ ^ ), 
  haha unfortunately for yuo stink hrvatska it is the srbija that is to tokija ^ ^ / s, 
  some balkanite you are, 
  i unironically do though, 
  we 're pro-eu for the cash money , nothing more . 
  somehow i have a sneaking suspicion that all that people would do in such a system is watch netflix and grow fat on their couches , even more so than now, 
  that 's a bit of an exaggeration , but the united states did do the following things : * encourage the bosniak prime minister not to sign a power-sharing treaty meant to prevent the war in bosnia ( he did n't and things actually started up ) * arm and train kosovar nationalist rebel groups and establish the largest us military base in the region ( camp bondsteel ) after independence - also brought in corporate interests to extract natural resources * supply black-market weapons and command staff to croat and bosniak leadership , against the un 's orders the united states at the time was well-known for neoconservative interventionist ideology and a quest to break up every last remnant of communism in europe . 
  it 's not too farfetched a theory, 
  just like iraq and afghanistan , right ? 
  then does n't austria technically get the credit for tesla , cause that was austria-hungary at the time ? 
  thanks fam, 
  blackberry smartphones are really really sturdy . 
  i 've had mine for like 3 years , dropping it every other week , and it 's still fully functional, 
  if you 're really good at crime then you 'll obviously be able to commit more of it with less people . 
  just ask montenegro . 
  as far as i can tell , all the eu is doing to serbia at the moment is legitimizing the corrupt populist oligarchs , all because they pay lip service to promoting serbia 's eu accession ( despite most of them being prominent nationalist figures during the yugoslav wars and various fiascos regarding kosovo ) , while beating the dead horse of democracy even more dead . 
   hello i am smug \\ - you i swear to god i 'll personally start another world war, 
  it 's a step towards reconciliation , plus the fact that they managed it without any unrest is a success . 
  future historians will tell tales of the cybernetic caliph electro-erdogan of the robottoman empire as this millenium 's greatest leader, 
  congratulations to bosnia and to the republika srpska for this accomplishment !, 
  just be like serbia , all of our fetuses have brain defect regardless of zika, 
  haha , now why would we ever display any kind of aggression to our bestest neighbours ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ biding ^ ^ ^ ^ our ^ ^ ^ ^ time, 
  and they 're finns besides !, 
  ... i feel a bit left out, 
  sure , but if you googled him you 'd also find out that he ( and by extension his power bloc ) has the full support of the eu . 
  [ the eu enlargement commissioner congratulated him on this victory , ] ( https://www.rferl.org/a/serbia-eu-congratulates-vucic-victory-presidential-election/28407383.html ) even though everybody in serbia knew it was a scam to some extent or another . 
  i just really do n't think it 's able to solve our problems . 
  right now , serbia has two main problems : corruption and a declining population . 
  the eu right now is supporting vucic , the corrupt career politician and prime minister who just got himself elected president , meaning we 're probably going to go the way of turkey . 
  he pays lip service and is somewhat cooperative but he 's just using the eu support for political capital - his rule is the farthest thing from eu values possible . 
  joining the eu would just make it easier for people to leave the country , the exact opposite of a fix to that particular problem . 
  also , i feel no particular kinship with western europeans and i find that our worldviews are quite different . 
  i 'm somewhat conservative for a serb , which translates to hard right in france or germany . 
  general emigration rates among all demographics would increase if we joined , just look at poland . 
  as i see it , only the idealists like the dveri and djb can be depended on for honesty , but it barely matters since neither obradovic nor radulovic have enough support to actually do anything . 
  vucic is nominally pro-eu while not actually giving a damn about any of the requirements of joining . 
  he is merely using the eu support to consolidate his power base . 
  i 'm not . 
  [ i 'm taking it directly off of the wikipedia page . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia#military_casualties ), 
  i 'm not making it sound like that at all . 
  i said that they did very little damage to the military . 
  as an example of that , i gave the bombing of the general staff building in belgrade , which was empty at the time since the high command had moved out to underground bases built during tito 's time . 
  that 's specifically what the `` so that did n't actually accomplish anything '' statement was referring to . 
  the whole point of my comment was indeed that there was a terror bombing carried out on serb civilians . 
   i contend that the aim of that bombing was never to defeat the actual army , it was to terrorize the civilian population until the forces in kosovo were withdrawn . 
  can you read ? 
  to do so would be to attack what is probably the friendliest nation towards russia that is n't directly a russian puppet .
