  you could respond with this sort of defensive comment , or you could admit that there is a problem and that french voters should focus on * fixing * this problem while it is still small , rather than enabling it to grow out of any means of control in the future . 
  why have you had a state of emergency for years , if not because the situation has deteriorated ? 
  in recent history , such support has either incited wars or further division . 
  the eu 's opinion of britain has definitely dropped since brexit ; that was self-determination too . 
  the western-supported arab spring revolutions all fizzled out and most of those countries are now deeper in the gutter than they were initially . 
  russia considers the annexation of crimea an exercise in self-determination . 
  i 'm not sure what else you expect when you are by definition seeking to disrupt a status quo . 
   at this point they 're french like it or not . 
  they 're french who hate the innate concepts the republic is founded on and realistically have no connection with any past definition of `` french values '' either . 
  the definition of who is and is n't french is up to the french themselves , of course : ^ )  yeah the west is indeed a hellhole . 
  that 's why everyone i talk to wants to go to serbia . 
  how could the new arrivals * not * integrate when exposed to this sort of famous french charm ? 
  it will be , if you are n't selective about who you let in . 
  on the materiel front , kosovo and albania have no militaries to speak of . 
  and we have plenty of angry nationalist youth around . 
  my suspicion is that , like last time , it would depend on foreign powers . 
  if the situation were to be like syria again , with russia stepping in against a hesitant west , the outcome would be more in our favour - but obviously this is right on europe 's doorstep , so that is basically a pipe dream . 
  in any case , it would be bad . 
  the rest of europe felt it was their responsibility to sort shit out in the 90s . 
  without the [ support of germany ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1992/01/16/world/europe-backing-germans-accepts-yugoslav-breakup.html?pagewanted=all&amp;mcubz=2 ) there would have been no bloody independence wars in the first place and the reconciliation would not have to overcome the massacres of yesteryear . 
  italy certainly is troubled , germany has its fingers in its ears , and while i do n't want to claim i know more about the situation in france than a french resident , it seems that france has been having severe problems with integration too , seeing as all the significant terrorists were second - and third-generation north african immigrants ( and also one convert ) . 
  feel free to ignore the issues all you want . 
  this daycare morality has to be dispensed of , it could only be maintained as long as the west was a self-contained bubble of prosperity and will only get more harmful as time passes . 
  two things : 1 . 
  they did n't have to pay kosovo anything ; after the intervention , the people there love nato enough that there will be no real opposition to the base in the forseeable future , and affordable stability is always a good thing . 
  kosovo is full of resources and we hold a big grudge over it . 
  this is an added factor of stability in the area ; no administration of ours could seriously try anything anytime soon . 
   `` ooga booga where the yuromonies at '' \\ - serbian pensioners, 
  not on this decadent western libtard internet forum * xaxaxaxa *, 
   at some point , that ship has sailed and it 's just too bad . 
  this is my thought on kosovo . 
  i hear `` blah blah it was the historical part of serbia blah blah '' . 
  awesome . 
  great . 
  how many serbs live there now ? 
  okay , so it 's not really some serbian mecca anymore , is it ? 
  and jerusalem was n't jewish for 2000 years , until it suddenly was . 
  the fact that albanians live there now does n't erase the region 's historical importance , and the historical importance translates to current importance for us . 
  it only stops being an issue once we stop caring about it , and that will never happen . 
  hundreds of millions , if not billions , of people live in such areas , and that number will only increase with time . 
  it would be suicidal to claim responsibility for them all . 
  and where it is n't , these principles do n't hold . 
  see eastern europe . 
  hahahahahhahah yuo are of worst turk , serbia greattst countrey but seriously , a lot of people underestimate the technology scene in belgrade , which is basically driving this whole score all by itself ( some smaller firms in novi sad would also count , i suppose ) . 
  if you work in it in serbia you might as well be part of the upper-middle class by default . 
   fucker in charge will not anyone else suitable for ruling the country to appear and the jihadists would ? 
  for many bosnian serbs , the outcome of the yugoslav wars was an unjust imposition of the west , and they are generally as obstructive as possible - they note that the croats and bosniaks were clamoring for independence when they were the ones under foreign sovereignty , but now that they 're the overlords they call for integration . 
  ottoman rule has left a mark that lasts to this day - many serbs believe that as long as we are in the position of lesser power , we should not be conciliatory , because that is essentially a surrender . 
  lots of people were forced out of their villages or had family members killed , too , and do n't want anything to do with the other nations . 
   some 100 pupils from jajce , travnik , novi travnik , bugojno , fojnica , sarajevo , tuzla and zenica held up banners with slogans like `` segregation is a bad investment '' and `` we are here to create a future , not to repeat the past '' . 
  in terms of demographics , these places are basically all sub-5 % serb . 
  they are from central bosnia and the heartland of bosniak territory . 
  serbs generally want this segregation , so it is n't quite 1950s-us style . 
  looks like it 's working , 
  of course they 've got an identity , and part of that identity is disliking communism because of their history with the ussr . 
  having a monarch is the ultimate way to stick it to communists , since they are very much against such a notion . 
  it 's mainly irrelevant to me . 
  i do n't oppose monarchies - serbia has mostly had a good record with monarchies , and i must admit that i 've steadily lost faith in democracy over the years . 
  but this would be a constitutional monarchy only , which in this era means little more than a republic with some bells and whistles . 
  our medieval rulers were competent . 
  so were our first few modern rulers . 
  but the current claimant speaks serbian with an accent and his children are basically third-generation diaspora . 
  i 'd be good with a military coup , though . 
  if the georgians - currently without a ruling family - decide they want a ruling family , who 's to say they ca n't have one ? 
  regressive in what sense ? 
  no point in arguing , the europeans get cranky when people do n't listen to them, 
  eu defeat inevitable , says rowdy serb, 
  well , some people do , but most people do n't . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is, 
  extremists think in terms of group dynamics . 
  they do n't see innocents , they see only the guilty and the compliant . 
  people imply the sort of solution they want , but outright stating it would violate comment rule 2 , and so they do not . 
   perfect maps do n't exi -, 
   then why do you expect the refugees now to assimilate instead of integrate ? 
  i do n't expect they 'll do either , that 's the problem . 
   hardly the majority because all of these illegal immigrants will certainly be truthful about their place of origin , yes ? 
   turning a blind eye is not an option . 
  indeed , but i somehow suspect that this solution , even if initially implemented as a stopgap , would not be revoked . 
  and all of that is just fine , but also consider that : 1 . 
  this is just more reason to hold the eu leadership accountable , not defend it ; 2 . 
  when it came to it , [ italy was involved in the military intervention as well . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ), 
   like it was the case for ee people fleeing communism some decades ago ? 
  we are such monsters ... eastern europeans integrate . 
   stopping what ? 
  the syrian refugees ? 
  the economic migrants and fortune seekers in africa , who make up the majority of people crossing on the boats anyways . 
   what am i supposed to say when my taxes go to your fully corrupt government ? 
  oh , look , i 'm taking the fall for your policies . 
  ever heard about the kettle the pot 's calling black ? 
  the difference is that i 'm not defending my government 's policies . 
  i would prefer martial rule over this mafia circus we have now . 
  well , for now . 
  i only wonder what sort of effect these migrants could have on your civic stability a few decades down the line . 
  no , the attempt at regime change in libya by nato is where this all started . 
  it 's a well-documented fact that the eu was paying gaddafi to keep the migrants from crossing to europe . 
  he did it pretty effectively - after all , they 're coming from somewhere and passing over land before they can reach the sea itself . 
  what , do you think they coalesce out of thin air in the middle of the mediterranean ? 
  and then , when the arab spring started , the west decided to depose him and open the region to extreme instability that continues to this day . 
  the eu is not synonymous with democracy .
