  russians like serbs and serbs like russians . 
  even as it was , it happened as it did more because russia was terribly weak than because they did n't want to . 
  it would be more surprising if france * did n't * join in with nato and bomb us . 
  at that point , france and serbia were not that close anymore , not nearly as much as they had been around wwi . 
  if threatened by nato , putin would have at least sent us some rocket launchers or something . 
  yeltsin did n't do anything . 
  do you have anything useful to contribute to this discussion , or are you just here to make a fool of yourself ? 
  ... do you know anything about serbia-russia relations ? 
  out of the official figure of ~ 1000 serbian military losses , a bit over 300 of those were police personnel , i.e. 
  civil servants and not military personnel . 
  given that there were essentially 650 military fatalities , that 's comparatively a lot , correct ? 
  for comparison , the desert storm aerial component killed 10000-12000 soldiers and 2000-3000 civilians , and it actually resulted in significant materiel losses for the iraqis . 
  500:650 is significantly more than 2500:11000 . 
  but i never did claim that they were straight-up murdering civilians . 
  the key is that there was $ 30 billion in economic damages to a country that had already been under sanctions for years , and total loss of vital services such as water and electricity in many areas . 
  obviously the us air force was n't straight up bombing civilians . 
  edit : i did n't say the bombing sorties did n't accomplish anything , i said that bombing an empty building did n't do anything . 
  nato basically destroyed our air force while the rest of the army intermittently carried out untargetable guerrilla operations or hid in underground shelters . 
  the army did n't suffer many losses from the bombing . 
  instead , they bombed all of the civilian infrastructure that could possible be justified as being useful to the army , including bridges , railways , roads , power and water processing plants . 
  and factories . 
  they bombed the army headquarters in belgrade - which had been evacuated for mountain strongholds , so that did n't actually accomplish anything - and various other targets in belgrade , including the hospital i was born at . 
  i contend that the aim of that bombing was never to defeat the actual army , it was to terrorize the civilian population until the forces in kosovo were withdrawn . 
  alternatively , if someone like putin had been in power then , there would have been no bombing of yugoslavia . 
  that 's why the nationalists are shifting towards the dveri . 
  the only reason the radicals got as much support as they did in the last elections is because seselj got released from the trials . 
  haha , good thing i asked for clarification , i was n't even thinking about that . 
  yeah i 'd say seselj is the only one who really cares . 
  obradovic has strong ties to the church , and his voterbase definitely has a lot of people who dislike catholics in general and croats specifically , but the dveri are definitely more focused on isolationist nationalism , whereas seselj was deeply involved with the greater serbia idea . 
  though i do wonder exactly how sincere even he is since the current batch of apolitical powermongers broke off from his party . 
  in general terms , obradovic , jankovic and radulovic are probably the most sincere ones in their beliefs out of the candidates present . 
   side-note : is n't \u0160e\u0161elj the only one giving the appearance of caring ? 
  can you clarify what you mean by this ? 
  i can interpret this a few different ways , not sure which one is right, 
   because this all seriously sounds like putin ( or erdogan-lite ) , and yet serbia is at least theoretically trying to get into eu , which does n't compute if the sitting government has a visible dictatorship over the freedom of speech . 
  vucic is essentially putin but less competent , and i literally have more faith that putin wishes well for his country as opposed to vucic . 
  he wants to get into the eu because the political capital afforded to him by playing up the pro-eu stance is very substantial , and it allows him greater freedom in doing whatever he pleases in the country . 
  as shown by bulgaria the eu tolerates quite substantial levels of corruption . 
  vucic is using this fact , as well as the eu 's eagerness to affirm its authority , to increase his clique 's power in government . 
  i personally think that eu accession would only aggravate our problems but that 's another story . 
  [ another imposing image of the castle walls from ground-level ] ( http://i.imgur.com/coemdq8.png ), 
  yes , this did happen in some places , but in other places the local population provided substantial support to the struggling byzantine garrisons , such as at the battle of firaz . 
  and indeed , the persians were also forced to deal with religious dissent from jews and christians who did n't like their zoroastrian rulers . 
  for you, 
  no , there was plenty of foraging in there too !, 
   it was ingrained so well , that there were constant conflicts between orthodox and monophysites . 
  is your historical knowledge informed entirely by crusader kings 2 ? 
  yes , there were periods of religious conflict , but they were * not * constant throughout the empire 's history , and for the most part the emperors were orthodox christians . 
  even the famous iconoclast heresy was relevant for less than a hundred years out of the empire 's almost 1000 year history . 
  the personal beliefs of some of the emperors also does not negate the fact that they were considered as equals to , if not the superiors of , the ecumenical patriarchs themselves . 
  this can not be emphasized enough , * there was no separation of church and state in the byzantine empire . 
  * the very fact that the church was so ingrained in the state is what allowed the iconoclasts to have such a widespread effect . 
   one abrahamic sect replaced by another abrahamic sect makes very little difference in the grand scheme of things . 
  the suggestion that a greek orthodox christian theocracy is exactly interchangeable with a persianized sunni muslim theocracy , just because they 're both abrahamic theocracies ( even leaving out the very dubious nature of `` abrahamic '' as a descriptor of any significance ) is beyond ridiculous . 
  this comment is extremely brazen even for r/europe . 
   eventually the muslim ottoman sultan , got the same treatment as the orthodox romanov tsar and the catholic bourbon king . 
  i do n't see how that has any relevance on the question of cultural inheritance . 
   i do n't see a croatia flag next to my name . 
  do you identify as a yugoslav ? 
   then why did croatia and slovenia constantly complain about centralization and using their money to fund the development of poorer republics ? 
  because , while it is true that a lot of the money was being funneled elsewhere , not much of it went specifically into economic investment outside of croatia and slovenia . 
  i have yet to see somebody claim that the output of these republics was reinvested elsewhere and also be able to explain how the rest of the constituent republics are so poor today . 
  development does n't just disappear in the blink of an eye , you know . 
  i suspect tito did n't actually care much about the future or wellbeing of the country beyond his comfy position as the ruler . 
  he was basically the only thing that kept the country together , all of the governing structures were at most designed to handicap the amount of power the serb majority could wield , and many policies were not conducive to proper governance past his death , such as the office of president of the presidency . 
  if the country had actually been centralized then there would have been [ one region which was clearly superior economically and militarily while also being the administrative center ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_region ) , like the parisian region or greater london . 
  i 'm not surprised that a croatian would support communism given that tito concentrated all of the economic power in your region . 
  how does it feel to be the bourgeoisie ? 
  the context was specifically about systems of local governance , and i was talking about which one i would prefer if serbia 's government structure suddenly became one or the other . 
  obviously minorities in other countries will have a different set of priorities . 
  geopolitical influence is not the same thing as economic prosperity . 
  the ussr was competitive as a world power , but never really an economic powerhouse , and today , despite all of its influence , it still has a smaller economy than your own italy . 
  china 's economy - and also its global power - has only grown with the loosening of state control over the market . 
  yugoslavia itself , which was probably the most prosperous communist country , was also the least communist . 
  i had a great-aunt who was a head of one of the large state companies and according to her their later economic troubles were basically caused by the fact that the worker-run institutions were not properly equipped with the knowledge to run themselves and fell prey to petty politicking and infighting - admittedly i am not an economist and not really equipped to gauge the details of this , but i do believe that capitalistic societies are more prosperous overall . 
  i agree that true communism has not actually been implemented reliably , but one thing that is consistent is that once the revolution ascends to power it swiftly gets coopted by tyrants at worst and pragmatists at best , and communism becomes a thin , hypocritical veneer on a system of oppression . 
  the most successful examples of communism have been catalonia and rojava and both have not proven themselves outside of a revolutionary setting . 
  i personally believe that communistic methods can be successful on a small scale , and communes all over the word have demonstrated that fact , some of them as part of inherently non-communist systems , such as the zionist kibbutzim in israel or imperial russia 's monastic communities ; but such a system can not be implemented on a state level . 
  for large-scale human society to exist there has to be centralization , otherwise we 'd all live as hunter-gatherer tribes . 
  there is also the cultural aspect . 
  i suppose i have nationalistic tendencies - i love my serbian culture and heritage , and though i 'm not particularly religious i respect the church as the institution that supported us through the ottoman occupation . 
  communism has too strong of an internationalist bent for it to be appealing in that regard . 
  all of that said , i spent half my childhood in rural villages and do n't even care that much about the materialistic aspect . 
  i would also prefer it if human greed could be put aside , but i do n't think that is possible . 
  that is a point , yes - but i grew up in the ruins of socialism , and the socialist government contributed in many ways to serbia 's stagnation in particular and the violence of yugoslavia 's death throes in general . 
  by the way , with regards to this , the ultranationalism that we have today was not one of the causes of the downfall as much as one of the symptoms . 
  and we did n't even have the hardcore versions of communism that other countries like china and the ussr had . 
  to clarify , i do n't exactly want fascism , either , but i 'd prefer it to communism , in the same way i would prefer the plague to ebola . 
  alright , here is the terrible admission : yes , i would in fact prefer fascism to communism . 
  feel free to call me a nazi murderer now, 
  the things i would n't prefer to communism can probably be counted on one hand . 
  go ahead try socialism it 'll make you want mussolini again, 
   serbia also comes to mind , as you 'll often hear that we are `` orthodox brothers '' but i do n't think the majority of the population cares enough or shares that notion i do n't know , my experience in greece has been that most people are very warm and welcoming when they find out i 'm serbian . 
  serbia still can not into coast :(, 
  social isolation and things like career sabotage are what i was referring to . 
  i would n't count on that . 
  radical muslims in the west tend to be second or third generation immigrants . 
   if you think that , in the long run , western liberalism will fail in the marketplace of ideas against religious extremism ... well , how much respect do you really have yourself for western liberalism ? 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking your ideals are invincible and self-evident . 
  every dead ideology and religion succumbed to the same trap .
