  even with your example phrases , both patriotism and nationalism share that common element of `` our country is better '' . 
  in any case , america has definitely been `` nationalist '' historically even by your flawed definition , which is how the concepts of [ manifest destiny ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/manifest_destiny ) and the [ monroe doctrine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ) came to exist . 
  but i guess you need a convenient way to deny that nationalism can ever be a good thing . 
  that 's literally impossible . 
  fgm has literally nothing to do with orthodoxy . 
  the only people who would practice such a thing are the muslim minorities . 
  shit , there go my plans for the e-chetnik 9000 . 
  same goes for belgrade , serbs not balkan confirmed, 
  small nations , big heritage . 
  now we just need to get our birthrates above replacement and we 're good for a comeback , 
  why did slovenia 's birthrate increase around 2008 ? 
  anyone know ? 
  ok thats it im revoking your sovereignty, 
  never said that . 
  just said you were incorrect . 
  [ not in historical maps from 1250-1800 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_lithuania ), 
  but you 're also bavarian , and i 've heard that bavarians are generally more friendly than northerners . 
  could be why . 
  croats and serbs were significant minorities in austria together for hundreds of years , i 'd say that counts as being in the same country . 
  the whole reason there were serbs in croatia was because they were [ allowed to settle there and practice their faith freely if they pledged to fight the ottomans . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_military_frontier ), 
  i suspect this will encourage laziness , even welfare has done that and that has strict requirements as to whom its given out . 
  guess we 'll see what happens . 
  but the bear 's a prince and can hire a whole army of ninjas to defend himself . 
  if nothing else he can detect the ninja eggman with his disco laser system, 
  no , it 's more like asking whether the american public prefers putin or the russian opposition leader . 
  they do n't really give a shit , and are going to answer just based on preconceived notions . 
  for what it 's worth i prefer the disco bear prince, 
  quick pop quiz : everyone reading this , who do * you * think the serbian people would support , out of the following options ? 
   hillary clinton , the wife of the american president in power during the bombing of serbia by nato forces and a key proponent of american interventionist policy or  donald trump , a nationalist , isolationist loudmouth with a hot slavic wife i mean as far as i can tell the two prevailing opinions here on the current american election are `` trump is going to win because he 's obviously the better candidate '' ( serbs have zero respect for political correctness ) and `` hillary is going to win because the global shadow government will make it so . '', 
  of course , but they 're making up ad-hoc judgements about random things serbia should do that are n't demanded by the usual accession process but are being applied due to a geopolitical agenda . 
   i don ; t know about the rest of the balkans , but in kosovo the other minorities are very well integrated . 
  the point i was making in this sense was that saying `` the opposition party 's plan has better minority rights policies '' could easily be referring to the other well-integrated minorities and therefore be irrelevant when it comes down to the one minority that 's important , politically speaking . 
   it has been the government , with the serb main political party which have been creating problems for the serbs in kosovo . 
  i know it sounds surreal but out of the 10 serb party parliamentarians , 9 do n't even live in kosovo !, 
  the only reason they ever got elected was because the belgrade told the serbs in kosovo to boycott the vote , and then all of a sudden 20,000 postal votes came in with identical handwriting , all in favor of the yet non-existent belgrade based party . 
  heck , the leader of the belgrade party is n't even a kosovo citizen !, 
  i 've done a bit of googling but been unable to find out more about this . 
  do n't mean to sound petty but could you send me some sources ? 
  you sound like you know more about it and would be able to find an article or something detailing the specifics . 
   20 are reserved for minorities , regardless of the number of votes for them . 
  as a side note , only 10 seats are reserved specifically for serbs . 
  other minorities take up the other 10 seats . 
   3rd / 4th paragraphs once again , after googling , i 've found no confirmation of serbs having veto powers , and have in fact found an article ( albeit on a serbian site ) which says that we are not to get veto power upon full integration . 
  so i 'll have to ask for a source . 
  we 're actually just 2 % of the population , so fears of a bosnia-type deal are entirely unfounded based on that alone . 
  i 've heard nothing of any veto powers being granted , just inclusion into the country 's democratic system as a separate semi-autonomous community , whereas previously the serbs had been confined to their own parallel structure of government . 
  in any case i 'm curious about why the eu is suddenly sucking up to serbia when they 've been bullying us for years and forcing us to do various things just to have a shot at eu accession . 
  this is a fantasy drummed up by albanian nationalist politicians to justify the denial of democratic rights to the small serb minority that 's left in kosovo . 
   this is not what the opposition is against . 
  in fact , the opposition proposal included a lot more rights for minorities than anything imposed by the eu and serbia . 
  very good !, 
  and i 'm not disputing this is possible , except there are more minorities in kosovo than just serbs , and the problem 's never been with turks or gorani or any of the other minorities in the region , it 's always been about the * serbs . 
  * because any time serb rights come up , even in the northern regions around mitrovica and other places where they are the majority , the opposition party throws a massive fit . 
  i ca n't see this as anything other than rampant serbophobia , and an inability to tolerate any serbs in the country at all . 
  and look , even if this level of discontent was entirely justified , you 'll have a tough time convincing me that throwing tear gas in parliament like a bunch of hooligans is the way to go about fixing it . 
   the opposition is against a failed state setup such as bosnia in which case kosovo becomes ungovernable and will end up like syria within a decade . 
  unfortunately this argument becomes a lot less tenable when the serb population is < 2 % of the country , as opposed to 30 % like in bosnia . 
  in fact it 's absolutely impossible . 
  i love how the general rhetoric expressed in this comment appears to be `` serbs did it '' , even after the independence , even after the mass flight of serbs from kosovo , it 's still our fault that your country is n't working . 
  and the most interesting part of this whole thing is that up to this point the serbian-majority areas [ have n't even been voting within the same infrastructure as the real government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assembly_of_the_community_of_municipalities,_autonomous_province_of_kosovo_and_metohija ) , and despite this division the new brussels agreement which is supposed to integrate the serbs into the country 's * actual democratic system * has seen strong opposition from , you guessed it , the opposition , who say that this 'll somehow cripple the government 's effectiveness . 
  you ca n't paint the opposition as the defenders of democracy when they want to deny that privilege to minorities . 
   all in the name of appeasing serbia and getting it away from russia ( which has n't been working out either ) . 
  look , `` appeasing '' us with regards to kosovo by doing some arcane political trickery is not only impossible but it 's also obviously * not * a goal the eu has for us in the first place , considering how much they 've led * us * on as well by promising eu accession if we buddy up with kosovo 's independent government . 
  regarding kosovo , eu and nato have n't sided with us for anything , ever , and seeing a kosovar talk about a serboamerican conspiracy is funny to me because the country literally owes its existence to nato . 
  only counts foreign-born . 
  the native population was n't counted . 
  30 years younger than mugabe . 
  if it was orchestrated , what reason would there be to lock on to the plane at all ? 
  the chechens were n't concerned for the safety or well-being of their hostages , though . 
  you clearly have some feelings on the matter , 
  the baby boomers are an american phenomenon predicated by lack of damage in ww2 and government incentives after the korean war . 
  europe ( aside from france ) lacked those factors . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  in any case , i 'm not sure you should criticize others for being childish assholes , friend , 
  the poster i was responding to seems to hold that opinion, 
  these things barely existed in europe you dolt, 
  xaxaxa the propaganda is working, 
  more of them come , and in any case that is higher than the native german birthrate . 
  if diversity is truly the goal then specific demographics in danger of large population losses need to be protected . 
  non-western societies and demographics are almost all growing rapidly , whereas natively western ones are declining due to low birthrates . 
  we are entirely capable of at least maintaining these populations at their current level without swamping them with different ethnicities . 
  this covers the moral aspects of the issue . 
  practically speaking , i honestly ca n't believe people seem to think a middle-class european citizen is worth the same as an indian slum-dweller . 
  in any practical sense the latter is worth * way * less than the former - they are less skilled , have less of an impact on the environment , are less valuable to the global economy , and are way more common , so just in terms of `` supply-and-demand '' increasing third-world populations should not at all be a reason to maintain an infeasibly low birthrate in the developed world . 
  \\  most european nations not even , only the major colonial ones . 
  last i checked most of eastern europe was not involved in colonialism , and if anything was the victim of such enterprises . 
  the national level is the most workable level of organization . 
  sub-national identity is generally not strong enough to overwhelm national identity ( for example , the montenegrin tribes still exist in some form , though they have never caused issues with the tribe 's members ) , while supranational identity is unworkable , thanks to the irresistible tribalist instincts that become a problem at that level - otherwise `` europeans '' would not be hurling insults at other europeans who disagree with their stance or get in their way ( see greece or the refugee crisis ) . 
  throughout history , civil conflicts have rarely broken out on subnational or town-level scales - if it 's a question of regional identity , it 's almost always national identity that is in question . 
  at some point you ca n't trust others to have the same common interest as you - and in very large nations , that does indeed happen . 
  you can either decentralize , as russia does in some cases , or crush all subentities and assimilate them as best you can , as russia does in other cases and the us has always done . 
  this rarely happens on the smaller scale , while nations are the largest you can get without civil conflict . 
  in response to the flag comment , i believe this is inevitable no matter what . 
  when you cram people together into a shared identity , somebody will * always * start a conflict over smaller differences . 
  the west is showing a rapid resurgence of race - and gender-based conflict , despite the differences in status there being smaller than ever before . 
  new frontiers will always open up , it is human nature . 
  diversity and disunity are the same thing . 
  and you have not even touched upon the right of peoples to self-determination : by your argument any and all imperialism is justifiable - let 's have montenegro be serbia again !,
