  i have a quarrel with the fundamental reasoning behind this approach . 
  basically this : \\  bias and misunderstandings are bad \\  to avoid showing bias , we should ban all communication, 
  i fail to see how it 's more respectful to rebuild their structure in your own architectural style . 
  rebuilding it in the vein of the original suggests you respect the original creator 's design and vision , building your own thing on top and saying `` look at how poignant a statement i 've made ! '', 
  does the opposite . 
  those were dark times . 
  not like bulgarian communist architecture was any better though, 
  of course i read the article . 
  you know who said that ? 
  the person in charge of the restoration . 
  he may have interpreted the law incorrectly . 
  the fact that this is the first time i 've heard of such an outrage makes me think this sort of thing is not what that law is actually supposed to do . 
  for a definitive legal standing on the matter i 'd wait for a professional opinion from someone who was n't involved . 
  besides , just because something 's required by law does n't mean it 's right . 
  \\  turns medieval castle into brutalist art piece \\  they did great forgive my skepticism , friend . 
  context aside i actually * like * the way it looks . 
  if it had been built as a monument or memorial or something it would have been fantastic . 
  but to do this they took an actual medieval castle and pieced it together like some frankenstein 's monster , it shows total disregard for the history of the site . 
  disregarding whether or not such a law is actually justified : according to [ this article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1993/06/11/world/sagunto-journal-architects-they-could-be-thrown-to-the-lions.html ) :  the 1985 law spells out that conservation , consolidation and rehabilitation of historical monuments `` should avoid all efforts at reconstruction unless parts proven to belong to the original are used . '', 
  i somehow do n't think the castle restoration fits this standard . 
  edit : the article is fairly old , if a anyone knows of more recent version of the law please post, 
  1 ) no , structural consolidation is great , but that can be achieved by a more faithful rendition as well . 
  2 ) i mean , this castle is n't exactly from the neolithic , i 'd assume we have some similar surviving specimens or depictions in historical documents that would give enough of an idea of what it looked like . 
  in any case , filling in the gaps with a concrete wall and filling in the gaps with a vague guess at how the building was designed both achieve point 3 ) , but one option looks jarring and the other does not . 
  if the building is reconstructed in a historical style , it is going to be a flawed interpretation no matter what , it 's true . 
  but in my opinion it 's better to base reconstruction off of a modern interpretation of an old aesthetic than to just build it in a modern aesthetic . 
  the second option straight-up discards heritage while the first tries its best to preserve it . 
   if you ca n't feasibly safe it while keeping it true to its previous look the next step is to conserve it so it wo n't deteriorate any further . 
  there is a reason why this field at uni is called conservation and restoration . 
  conservation should n't have to sacrifice character . 
  it 's not like shape and dimensions are all an architectural style is , if that was true then baroque architecture would lose all its charm . 
  in this case , features as basic as the stone brick texture are integral to the building 's identity . 
   it is like when they put glass panes over over antique mosaic . 
  it was n't there but thanks to it you wo n't ruin the original . 
  what was done here is more akin to replacing missing mosaic pieces with lego bricks . 
  here 's a quote from the person heading the restoration :  `` there were three basic aims behind it , '' he told the guardian . 
  `` to structurally consolidate those elements that were at risk ; to differentiate new additions from the original structure -- thus avoiding the imitative reconstructions that are prohibited by law ; and to recover the volume , texture and tonality that the tower would originally have had . '' this person seems like some aspiring postmodernist product of an art college . 
  he 's applying an ivory-tower , artsy interpretation of `` restoration '' that most regular people find to be ridiculous . 
  says the brit, 
  \\  this is what modern architecture enthusiasts actually believe if you do n't try your best to make it look like the old building did , then you have n't restored it . 
  in this case they applied a modern aesthetic to old architecture , and in any case did a pretty poor job of preserving heritage . 
   even if you put best restorators with best skills to the work tere are always missing pieces in our knowledge of the past , so once restored object faced with new knowledge can be , in fact , fictitious . 
  so what 's the alternative ? 
  just give up and pour flat , featureless concrete like they did here ? 
  how is that any better ? 
  it looks like some eccentric billionaire 's pet construction project . 
  christ almighty . 
  edit for clarity, 
  well , this is an orthodox cathedral built in the neo-byzantine / serbo-byzantine architectural style . 
  it 's not a replica , it 's just the same school of architecture . 
  [ see here for more . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_revival_architecture ), 
  well i do n't know , what do you think it is ? 
  true . 
  at the same time , they 're a large minority in vojvodina that always got along well with us , they called for restraint in the wake of franz ferdinand 's assassination , and their palinka is the next best thing to a good strong rakija . 
  studying in toronto , it 's 11:09 at night here right now which makes it hard to talk to fellow europeans , since most of my free time is in the middle of the night in europe :(, 
  conversely i never said i `` hated '' kosovars . 
  i do n't like them - actually , it may be more accurate to say i do n't trust them . 
  distrust comes from negative precedent and mine comes from the fact that my family was driven from kosovo and i 've never had a single positive experience with kosovar albanians , while there were plenty of negative ones . 
  no , [ this ] ( http://www.011info.com/znamenitosti/hram-svetog-save.jpg ) is what a church should look like :d, 
  [ nice double standard you have there , friend ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/489jjf/kosovo_presidential_vote_violence_extremely/d0igmbw ), 
  / u/kenjam _ vam_u_usta 's name translates to `` i shit in your mouth '' :\\ ^ ), 
  love greece and macedonia ( also romania and hungary , if they count as southern ) . 
  do n't like kosovars , croats , and turks . 
  austrians and bulgarians have a bad history with us but i do n't mind them so much . 
  everyone else is cool , 
  \\  arkenai7 \\  arken * close enough *, 
  500 godina, 
  yet  but i was referring to the agreement signed with nato granting them unrestricted access to our territory . 
  good thing you do n't live in poland or you 'd be arrested, 
  i agree with you 100 % . 
  i think widespread acceptance of this attitude would help mend relations between the different balkan nations . 
  as for the nationalistic circlejerk : i will share my thoughts on the matter because i think many people feel the same way i do . 
  i want to be able to have a constructive dialogue but i feel like there are too many extremists on the other sides - people who would never respect me no matter what i do just because i 'm serbian - for me to be fully open to cooperation without seeming weak or submissive . 
  thus i 'm forced to take a stand on topics i 'd usually be more open to . 
  i admit it 's essentially the classic `` we would n't act the way we act , but they 're savage ustase/chetniks/turks ! '', 
  excuse many nationalists use , but i 'm sure you understand more than most what it 's like to have to try to play nice with someone who committed a bunch of atrocities against your people . 
  a thorny problem and it will hopefully get better with time , but with balkan nationalism you never know . 
  i do n't understand the significance of this . 
  the language is still basically the same . 
  that graphic seems to be an attempt to claim the language as a bosnian invention , which is ridiculous since we have medieval inscriptions from all regions of the former yugoslavia that are very similar . 
  i definitely do n't think the language should be called serbian , but these variants should not be separate languages . 
  maybe a single language named something like yugoslovene , and then it has dialects like chinese where you have serbian / croatian / bosnian yugoslovene variations . 
  imo this would be the best solution ( even serbo-croatian is not really proper , leaves out a bunch of ethnic groups and there 's plenty of variation within serbian and croat dialects too ), 
  if i 'm given some czech or slovak to read i can usually figure out what it means . 
  not so with spoken language but it 's still remarkable, 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  we 're still more similar to russia than , say , to france . 
  by this standard the entire bosnian war can be blamed on alija izetbegovic 's refusal to honour the terms of the carrington-cutileiro plan , after being prompted to withdraw his signature by a us ambassador in exchange for recognition of his government as a legitimate entity . 
  til clinton did srebrenica, 
  apologies , i did mean ww1 . 
   and regardless of what they 've done for you , you still kiss their ass . 
  not even reluctantly , eagerly more like . 
  what makes it nauseating is how you curl up under their blossom every time someone calls you out on your treat of your neighbors . 
  why does this offend people so much ? 
  do you think it 's pathetic ? 
  was it pathetic when the croats and bosniaks went running for illegal help from the us , or when kosovar terrorists / freedom fighters did the same ? 
  is it pathetic when the albanians name their streets and children after us military leaders ? 
  what 's your stance on these things ? 
  pray tell , what revisionism ?
