  what would change for the average canadian citizen if the monarchy was abolished ? 
  jesus christ , what possible reason do you have to dislike the queen ? 
  can you explain your motives ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused . 
  most recently , we felt screwed over by nato in the kosovo war , so there is some amount of anti-american sentiment which is then translated into pro-russian feeling . 
  also historical ties ; they defended us in ww1 and also fought against the turks . 
  not to mention that many serbs share the russian tendency to nationalism and jingoism ( except even stronger , if that 's even possible ) and so there is a shared cultural outlook . 
  although really it boils down to : * slavic * orthodox * powerful, 
   nationalist  dystopian this goes against my programming does not compute, 
  n e b e s k i e b e s k i, 
  conversely , i live in a real country, 
  i mean it 's probably too late for that . 
  seeing as you live in our unruly southern province , you 've probably heard serbian sometime in your life :\\ ^ ), 
  well there 's something we agree on at least, 
  i may be a serb , but at least i 'm not a kosovar . 
  i 'm sorry , you misspelled serbs, 
  i did look into this . 
  according to [ this report , ] ( http://www.pnas.org/content/111/20/7230.full ) 1.6 % of death row inmates in the us since 1973 have been exonerated ; the study found it likely that , with enough time and resources , 4.1 % could eventually have been exonerated . 
  a rapid execution right after sentencing would save the majority of the costs of keeping someone on death row - depending on the execution method - and according to the above study , 4.1 % of all those executed would be innocent . 
  at this point , the question is how much you value human life . 
  5 % is the common scientific margin of statistical significance . 
  the number of innocent people killed by capital execution is , scientifically speaking , insignificant . 
  after this , arguments about capital punishment devolve into personal emotional values as a matter of necessity . 
  i personally do not believe that people who commit crimes deserving capital punishment - and these are n't small crimes , these people are murderers . 
  and of course , if someone could be rehabilitated , that person should be - if they can be made to function properly in society again , even a large cost is justified . 
  even then , prison ( in the classical sense ) is a bad method for it ; it promotes punishment over actual rehab and is great at turning petty criminals into serious offenders . 
  the scandinavian system is much better . 
  but i do believe that if a person is impossible to rehabilitate , that person should just be summarily executed , so they are not taking up resources that could be better used on others . 
  i think that some people definitely do not deserve life . 
  a person who is a danger of society without chance of rehabilitation is better off dead than wasting state resources . 
  mental illness does n't excuse that . 
  would be nice to know what parameters were used in the making of this, 
  there goes eastern europe . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yay, 
  watch out , if the far-right wins in austria the wave will rise even higher . 
  i 'm pretty happy about this , 
  well , as i see it , the choices are between : a : a loudmouth pro-russia isolationist who might screw the economy or weaken nato and therefore endanger europe b : a sleazy war-hawk career politician who might start a war or otherwise escalate the russian situation and therefore endanger europe in european terms there is no clear better candidate , both are bad . 
  you are best served by viewing the world through your own personal perspective . 
  personally i do n't care an iota about either candidate 's characteristics beyond one thing : i 'm fundamentally opposed to another clinton ever being in the white house . 
  is italy on a tectonic fault or something ? 
  why are there so many quakes happening there ? 
   i feel people are in the process of counting unhatched chickens at the moment . 
  exactly . 
  hey , here 's an idea : how about we wait for article 50 to be triggered and for the dust to settle before trying to smugly one-up each other ? 
  ah yes , serbia steps in once again as the protector of democracy in the balkans . 
  hey wait a sec, 
  i 'm not sure how you prepare for sitting on the couch in your underwear all day doing nothing, 
   constantine i serbia = rome confirmed, 
  aircraft carriers are insanely vulnerable to modern anti-ship missiles . 
  carriers started out as recon and support units for battle groups , but nowadays they are more reliant than ever on their cruiser screen , so that they ca n't be destroyed by long-distance missiles . 
  if aircraft carriers ever go up against railgun-equipped ships they 'll be absolutely screwed , there 's no way for such a large vessel to camouflage itself from long-range radar / satellite surveillance and rangefinding ; that 's still a worry for the future , because as it stands , cruise missiles like the brahmos are a major threat to aircraft carriers . 
  the upcoming brahmos ii will have a top speed of mach 7 and therefore be almost unstoppable by any current anti-missile countermeasure . 
  i disagree with your assertion and believe the future lies in stealthier / faster destroyers , and a further increased role for submarines . 
  aircraft carriers will go the way of the battleship , which was retired specifically because of how vulnerable it was to new developments in aircraft technology . 
  russia invests a lot of resources into anti-air and anti-ship weapons precisely because its armed forces are so shit at power projection . 
  its land army is its strongest component , every other branch of its armed forces is currently focused on defensive applications . 
  i 'd actually say that both of those ships resemble brutalist communist architecture more than anything else . 
  i 'm not used to seeing the eu behave like our own tough-talking leaders . 
  it seems like this whole affair is drawing much more motivation from spite than is usually the case in the west . 
   we tuned down the scale well maybe * you * did, 
  how much ? 
  the rijksmuseum needs to have floors to store art , a cathedral needs to have empty space . 
  besides , does n't not having floors save money , since you 're not putting a bunch of building materials in to build the floors ? 
  and it 's not like romania is strapped for space or anything . 
  you seem to have misunderstood the point of such a venture . 
  it 's not a purely religious building , it is also a cultural monument . 
  romania is barely secular and has an 86 % orthodox population , people appreciate this kind of thing beyond having a church there . 
  people do n't usually go to the big cathedrals if they 're going to church , they 're more of an administrative center for clergy and a cultural building . 
  in any case , that charity argument can be applied to the west as well . 
  spending hundreds of millions of euros on art does n't help the impoverished either , and western society claims to hold many of the same values . 
  orthodoxy is n't growing for the sole reason that all the orthodox countries aside from russia have shitty birthrates . 
  the romanian orthodox church is the second-largest orthodox organization in the world , behind the russian orthodox church . 
  86 % of romanians are orthodox . 
  in such a religious country , churches are an important cultural expression . 
  the demand is there . 
  if people cared so much otherwise , it would have been protested against . 
  the rijksmuseum cost 375 million euros to renovate , going over budget multiple times , would you call that a waste of space and money ? 
  most serbs love the fact that belgrade has a massive cathedral . 
  for us , it 's not a waste of space or money . 
  please mind your own business . 
  hey , stop stealing our conspiracy theories !, 
  \\  all things depicting the russosphere in a positive light in any way must be propaganda, 
  what do you imagine culture means ? 
  it does not mean dress , or cuisine , or even language or art . 
  i mean , these are all expressions of culture , it 's true ; but they are all superficial in comparison to what actually matters , and that 's values - i.e. 
  cultural beliefs on things such as religion , liberty , social responsibility , economics etc. . what separates nazi germany from postwar germany , or even imperial germany ? 
  is it language , cuisine , dress ? 
  no , for the common person , none of these changed very drastically . 
  certainly the art changed , but that was only where methods and techniques were inseparable from the values they conveyed , like propaganda films , for instance . 
  what truly changed were the * values . 
  * singapore and canada are societies which do indeed appear to be multicultural , but in actuality , most people share the same basic values and viewpoints . 
  at the end of the day it does not matter whether someone eats curry or kimchi , whether they speak malay or japanese . 
  finns and russians share a number of such traditions , but their values are very different - even more true for russians and balts . 
  the us can claim to be a truly multicultural country . 
  between the bible belt , the east coast and the west coast , innate values can differ drastically , even if everyone wears the same clothes and eats the same food . 
  the united states maintains order precisely because it is a bunch of united states - they have comparatively high levels of decentralization , which enables all these different spatially separated cultures to rule themselves and minimize conflicts . 
  i wo n't say too much more about singapore because i have n't lived there but i 'd imagine it does n't really qualify by this standard . 
  as for canada 's status as a multicultural state , currently living there , i believe that it is a patently absurd fiction . 
  people think that a variety of ethnicities and culinary traditions mean that their country is multicultural , while the three main political parties are almost the exact same , only differing in their levels of idealism . 
  \\  insists upon getting own country \\  gets own country \\  leaves,
