  literally any of the others ? 
  the people championing western liberal values are not as demographically vigorous as their opponents . 
  this hands-off attitude is irresponsible in the long term . 
   the shyness is completely due to what polite society deems socially acceptable ... and the reprisals exacted upon those who deviate . 
  two things : europe became very decentralized after the fall of rome , and , in some respects , the church behaved like a supranational government for centuries . 
  alslo , the cult of mithra was never a dominant movement in rome . 
  worked on me  :( ( ( (, 
  are n't `` tri moreta '' and denying historical invasions of serbia fundamentally contradictory ? 
  haha not since the middle ages, 
   they literally tried that and failed . 
  and i would have liked for it to have succeeded . 
   and even the western controlled greece area had a little turkish majority how would that italian zone work where there were 10 % greeks ? 
  it had more greeks than the newly-armenian part would have armenians , with the added advantage of population exchanges that could bolster the . 
  these happened anyways after the greco-turkish war . 
   cede less of middle east to european empires ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  more land in middle east to turkey ? 
  less of it given away , yes . 
  independent kurdistan , and give the whole zone of international control and the western half of the italian zone to greece . 
  aside from that , cede less of the middle eastern territories to the european empires . 
  i do n't know , the way it 's generally used , greatness is not judged by the well-being of your subject peoples . 
  with enough time it all boils town to military prowess and magnitude of deeds . 
  in what sense , specifically ? 
  to be honest , i saw this on r/serbia and just reposted it here, 
  i mean , i do n't like the ottomans as much as the next balkanite , but it was pretty `` great '' for a while . 
  so was the soviet union , but they were n't fun to be a part of either . 
  the fact that they squashed all of our national ambitions and suppressed us for 400 years does n't mean they ca n't be an impressive state . 
  that said , i still would have liked them to be partitioned a bit more aggressively after wwi . 
  do n't cry because it 's over , smile because it happened , 
  their army was much larger than ours , and we held them back . 
  i seem to recall you guys losing that war , 
  well , sure . 
  they were n't great at fighting but they were pretty good at carrying out war crimes in captured territory . 
  lots of civilian deaths were caused in that way . 
  in short : [ plagues , starvation , and the austrian army . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_campaign_of_world_war_i#casualties ), 
  one effect of this often goes unnoticed . 
  ottoman retribution against the serbs , because of their help to the austrian alliance , led to the first great serb migration , shifting a bunch of serbs from kosovo to places in hungary and austria . 
  if you look at kosovo 's historical demographics , that was the point where the demographic shift resulting in today 's majority-albanian kosovo really started . 
  which part exactly ? 
  you 'll have to be more specific . 
  ... the persistent threat of the ottomans , which is * actually * what led everyone to work together , before once again going at each other 's throats ? 
  give rs and then we can talk , 
   i truly believe we are all the same , so we should act like it . 
  the only thing this sort of mentality will do is get you victimized by those who do not feel the same way . 
   they accepted much more than rambuillet after the bombing . 
  could n't we have just skipped the bombing and not go to war against the strongest coalition on the planet ? 
  so we should just do what the big guys in the neighbourhood want us to do ? 
  just bend over as soon as they raise their voices ? 
   that sort of bullshit how serbs are different/better than everyone else is the reason why serbia is the poorest ( or 2nd poorest ) country in europe right now . 
  well , except for ottoman repression and neglect of the provinces , the death of 1/4 of the population in wwi , yugoslav handicaps to appease the other republics , and politically-motivated destabilization of the country by foreign powers multiple times , plus a bombing that caused $ 30 billion in damages . 
  it 's definitely nationalism that is the root of all our problems , and there 's no way it 's a symptom and not a cause of our situation . 
  about time . 
  congratulations to the turkish authorities !, 
  * looks at kosovo * * rubs hands together eagerly * ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  that 's a vast overestimation of the average american 's political involvement . 
  maybe the ivory tower democrats on reddit give that impression , but in conjuction with the rabid conservatives they actually make up a minority of americans . 
  that makes sense . 
  i admit i did n't read the article , so thanks for the explanation , 
  r/greece is not representative of greek public opinion . 
  like all national subreddits there are many more liberals on there than there would be if the country 's actual political trends were taken into account . 
  not even most serbs would say this . 
  i 've heard some from the south say that `` we are the same people '' but even they are fine with macedonia 's independence . 
  we generally like macedonia and macedonians . 
  this seems like a diplomatic overture to greece , but it goes a bit into the absurd even for that . 
  what did he mean by this, 
  dang , where did i leave that can of raid ? 
  as if this entire thread was n't a deliberate bait so the turks could whine about how they 've been unfairly victimized . 
   that 's where you 're wrong , kiddo \\ - germany , probably, 
  i wonder what the rate is for the hungarian diaspora in general . 
  the question is , is it a genetic or a cultural thing ? 
  good for him . 
  he wo n't get anywhere . 
  haha this is almost offensively inane, 
  you should practice how to discern sarcasm , friend , 
  what are you , gay ? 
  that 's it i 'm calling in the russian botnet, 
  i like arguing and wasting my own time i suppose , 
  that is true . 
  but i have plenty of serbs from across the balkans added as friends and several more from the diaspora . 
  they were the ones posting . 
  it was n't news articles and the like but actual people i know . 
  admittedly that 's the echo-iest chamber of all, 
   look at either the 3rd or 4th chart . 
  all age groups are in favor of keeping bosnia together . 
  especially what the article calls the dayton generation . 
  the idea that separation will help ethnic relations does not necessarily translate to the idea that bosnia would be better off staying together . 
   what on earth makes you think they can survive as an independent state ? 
  i 'd really love to see them try . 
  they simply do n't have the resources to exist on their own . 
  good luck with that . 
  honestly . 
  ayy but kosovo can be independent right  i also really hope you do n't think i have something against serbs , btw . 
  i 've met plenty from bih and serbia and they were all great . 
  likewise with you guys , i just support rs having sovereignty, 
   i 've never even seen croat nationalists say that , can you please elaborate ? 
  also i 'm a bosniak . 
  i just so happen to be from croatia . 
  i have , it 's usually the most ignorant and nationalistic ones possible who do it basically to mock our territorial losses in recent years  if dodik tries to secede , serbia wo n't give a shit about him and would most likely condemn the act . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 has openly said he wishes to see a whole bosnia .
