  muslims must have solidarity in the face of barbaric christianity ! '', 
  and then radicalize them from there . 
  of course the islamization is not occurring solely because of that but it 's certainly being made easier . 
  have to say we did n't exactly help the situation with all the shit that went down in the yugoslav wars, 
   eu would have gladly fought to keep the german empire together at all costs come on now , it 's totally understandable to want to keep your empire from falling apart . 
  literally nothing wrong with nationalism, 
  can we get a break can we just get * one * break, 
   serb revisionism according to the united states holocaust memorial museum , at jasenovac alone [ 52000 serbs were killed . 
  ] ( https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005449 ) estimates of the total number of serbs killed by the ustashas ranges between 300000 and 600000 . 
  by contrast the number of croats killed by the chetnik militia [ has been placed at 32000-18000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks ) . 
  this number does n't come close to the number of serb civilians industrially murdered at jasenovac , let alone the total serb death count that the ustashas were responsible for in that war . 
  we 're not the revisionists here , friend . 
   now we croats are known not to be very good with humor croats = germanics confirmed, 
  photo credits to slavoljub radojevic, 
  the logic goes something like `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' , and as we know the greatest enemy of all pious muslims is the treacherous jew . 
  so a man who made a career out of murdering them is obviously hailed as a hero, 
  i guess i kind of asked for triggered nationalists when i posted a nationalist meme, 
  \\  he lives in diaspora i bet you think you 're a real croat , how adorable :\\ ^ ), 
  does n't rhyme , one stanza , decent banter , 2/10 meme, 
  k is for kebab , always removed , a is for albania , muslims and jews , r is for ragusa , croatian scum , a is for autonomy , kosovo deserves none , d is for dalmatia , serbian haters , z is for zagreb , city of traitors , i is for injustices , serbia never committed , c is for conviction , karadzic must be acquitted !, 
   he does n't get the joke typical croat tbh : ^ ), 
  [ a true , factual story that definitely happened for real ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/albert-einstein-copypasta ), 
  a croatian fascist domobran professor and catholic priest who had personally beheaded 500 serb children during operation storm was teaching a class on josip broz tito , known serb-hater . 
  `` before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship ante pavelic and accept that he was wisest man the world has ever known , even greater than vucic ! '' at this moment , a brave , nationalist , orthodox serb member of arkan 's tigers from kosovska mitrovica who had been present at srebrenica and fought gloriously against the turks who still infested greater serbia stood up and held up a chetnik flag . 
  `` what does this flag stand for ? '' the arrogant professor smirked quite jewishly and smugly replied `` hatred and intolerance , you retarded inbred srbijanac scum . '' `` wrong . 
  it stands for devotion to the king and the nation . 
  if it really stood for hatred and intolerance , as you say ... then every croat would be a chetnik '' the professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his cdf patch and thompson cd . 
  he stormed out of the room crying those socialist crocodile tears . 
  the students applauded and all joined srs that day and accepted seselj as their lord and savior . 
  a two-headed eagle named `` sajkaca '' flew into the room and perched atop the yugoslav flag and tore it to shreds with its mighty talons . 
  `` kosovo je srbija '' was grafittied on every wall in sight several times , and draza mihailovic himself showed up and reformed the medieval serbian empire . 
  the professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day . 
  he was later murdered by shqiptar human trafficker scum and had his organs stolen . 
  the bombing was n't to help you guys out , it was to help out the kosovars . 
  the yugoslav wars had nothing to do with this, 
  the nato bombing is a major reason for the currently dismal economy in serbia , many major industries were bankrupted by the collapsed infrastructure . 
  not like hating nato now is going to help but i personally want nothing to do with them . 
  they 're basically an american military hegemony . 
  well , good job on getting out of there . 
  ok , i 'd admittedly never heard of it being that bad before . 
  when/where was this ? 
  did this happen during the war ? 
  so if i correctly understand the article the kosovars were upset that the dayton agreement - meant to be a stop-gap solution to a conflict they were entirely separate from - did n't force yugoslavia to cede them any territory ? 
  and that was enough to launch a violent resistance against the oppression of the serbian government ? 
  i 'm under no illusions about milosevic 's treatment of political dissenters . 
  my parents were student leaders in the '91 protests against him , those were all ethnic serbs and he still sent the army to corral them . 
  he literally assassinated opposition leaders . 
  political arrests happened everywhere . 
  do n't pretend the albanians were innocent lambs in this affair . 
  since the region had been liberated from the ottomans in the balkan wars the relative populations of the serbs and albanians had remained quite steady , but once albanians were allowed dominance in the kosovar government the serb population started to steadily decline . 
  i assure you these grievances did n't arise out of thin air , i do n't deny that milosevic committed atrocities against the kosovars but i do n't expect you to deny that the serbs were being slowly but surely pushed out of the region intentionally . 
  my grandparents personally told me stories of albanian police harassment of ethnic serbs in kosovo . 
  my grandfather had to sell the plot of land he grew up on in kamenica because it had been burned down and the police refused to investigate . 
   there were specific hours during the day that we were allowed to go outside , if we would go outside after that time , we 'd risk getting killed . 
  nowadays it 's like this for serbs not just in kosovo - where the official opposition 's platform is based on persecution of the 1 % remaining serbs - but in many parts of southern serbia as well . 
  i 've heard several ethnic-based shootings take place late at night staying with my grandparents in bujanovac . 
   in serbia you actually had real genocide . 
  in crimea there was no genocide not one person was killed . 
  this was in response to massacres of serbs by kosovar insurgents . 
  the ukrainian government did n't have to do anything like that because the russians were n't doing anything on this scale in crimea . 
   ukraine isnt even a real civil war . 
  yugoslavia breakup ethnic groups were legit fighting . 
  in ukraine you have russian proxies with russian troops mixed in . 
  so i suppose this was not the case in kosovo , where the cia was confirmed to supply the kosovo liberation army with weapons and train them in hopes of fomenting armed rebellion ? 
  not to mention the direct military involvement of nato ? 
   russia is the one causing it . 
  it isnt internal conflict in ukraine but external , and one that could be resolved quickly if russia stopped interfering . 
  look , it is * extremely * unlikely that every single supposed rebel in ukraine is actually a russian agent . 
  the fact that russia could find proxies in ukraine confirms there 's internal conflict . 
  the thing is that kosovo and crimea are about the same level of justified in terms of the population 's self-determination . 
  the problem is that most posts i 've seen on the matter in / r/europe condemn russia for their unjustified strongman act in crimea , calling it a violation of national sovereignty and international law , but turn right around and chastise us for using the * exact same arguments * . 
  i do have to grudgingly agree to your point about historical territory . 
  of all the reasons serbia should have kosovo the least sound is the historical basis . 
  like , it 's the reason why most serbs want it back , but i 'm ready to admit it 's the least logical justification for this particular brand of nationalism . 
  alas i 'll delve into the realm of whataboutism for a moment and point out that kosovars often use their supposed descent from ancient illyrian tribes to justify ethnic cleansing of `` serbian invaders , '' so your argument applies to them equally well . 
  the region was majority tatar until the russian empire brought in russians to settle the land , which was resource-rich and strategically important . 
  now it 's a russian majority region . 
  same thing happened in kosovo , except the ottoman empire 's encouraged groups were albanian muslims and the displaced original population was serbian . 
  meaning serbia , as the nation-state of the serbs , has more claim to kosovo than the ukrainians have to crimea . 
  firstly , this says nothing about the rights of mexicans to the land , unless you try to make the claim that mexico is a successor to the spanish empire , which is like saying that kosovo is a successor to the ottomans . 
  congratulations , you 've just justified ethnic cleansing of the filthy spawn of foreign oppressors . 
  this is a common argument used by serb ultranationalists . 
  secondly , your observation means the kosovo situation is even worse than the comparison , because ethnic serbs had actually lived there in past times , compared to florida 's entirely immigrant colonial population . 
   however , nobody in crimea was treating the russians poorly . 
  nobody in crimea ever tried to expel all russians from the region . 
  and the native russians were n't committing terrorist attacks against the ethnic ukrainians either , so they were still on equal moral footing  kosovo was not absorbed into the united states , unlike crimea into russia . 
  serbia was bombed into submission by nato and then kosovo was put under a nato-led transitional government . 
  then it was released as a sovereign nation , but the only reason that sovereignty exists in the first place is a western military intervention . 
   also , crimea was historically russian ( who took it over ) , while kosovo was historically serbian ( who lost it ) . 
  which makes kosovo the worse situation in that sense , does n't it ? 
  \\  foreign power annexes the region and puts local rebels in control it 's a very similar situation if you compare the actual events that took place, 
  from / u/nemanjaone in this thread :  idk . 
  kind of if a lot of mexicans moved to florida and then declared independence because they 've been there ` forever ' and they ` deserve ' it ...  kind of shitty situation or , in a more europeanized comparison , serbia feels about kosovo the same way that / r/europe tends to feel about crimea, 
  literally whataboutism, 
  better dead than fed also , i hope everyone realizes that this thread was destined to become a shitshow no matter what, 
   everyone is imposing a certain vision . 
  modern restoration theory arose as a reaction to leduc 's excesses and tries to be both respectful and honest : it prioritizes preserving and stabilizing the actual historical remains over turning them into a themeparkified version of themselves that would just be lying to future generations . 
  and the vision you 're imposing consists of encasing the crumbling remains of the castle in poured concrete to try and prevent them from getting further degraded , which is just substituting postmodernist obscurantism for the excessively romanticist approach le duc took . 
  personally i think that it 's better to build a ruin back up to an idealized conception of what it looked like than to just freeze the rotting remains in time . 
  either way you 're never getting back the true thing , i 'd rather have something there than a mess of ruins and supportive filler materials .
