  throwing away independence is something i do n't think i 'd ever be satisfied with under any circumstances . 
  it 's possible that this trend of eastern resistance continues , such that the eu never federalizes or that we manage to retain our identity through federalization , but i would n't want to even risk something like that . 
  in most european countries , including in the east , the younger generations are more liberal ; fortunately serbia is an exception , but that might not always be true . 
  after seeing what the left did to canada , i look at everything as a slippery slope . 
  fills most of the following conditions : * follows fad movements like veganism or neopaganism * bleeding-heart * euronationalist * progressivist * atheist they also tend to be young , but that 's not an absolute requirement . 
  if it can happen in conservative catholic poland , it can happen to us . 
  i would rather stay poor rather than sell my country 's unique identity for eu money . 
  most serbs know next to nothing about how the eu works , however , so they judge everything by a metric solely involving how much free money they could get . 
  they are not aware of the fact that there would eventually be cultural consequences . 
  seeing belgrade turn into an internationalist city of foreigners and hipsters is about the last thing i want to happen . 
  that video is not even close to being representative of the situation in serbia . 
  i 've never heard of something like this happening before . 
  as a matter of fact , all of the chinese merchants who tried to come to serbia and hawk their shitty goods are slowly leaving , because 1 ) nobody likes buying things that break after a few weeks and 2 ) china 's own economic policies are sabotaging their activities in serbia . 
  serbia has in fact become richer since the early 2000s when most of the foreign merchants came , and in the meantime the chinese have strengthened the yuan and increased export tariffs . 
  in combination this means that chinese goods in serbia are no longer profitable , so they 're going off to other places like south america and africa . 
  the conduct of one extraneous korean company does n't mean anything . 
  your argument does n't even make logical sense , you 're saying that we should join power blocs because one foreign company in our country mistreated their workers ? 
  foreign companies pull these stunts in the us and in europe as well . 
  it 's not like we 're one of those african countries that have [ essentially been bought by the chinese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/africa%e2%80%93china_economic_relations#fears_of_colonialism ) , where this happens all over the country on a daily basis . 
  a man after my own heart !, 
  so there are circumstances under which you 'd consider a genetically black person romanian ? 
  or an australian aboriginal ? 
  or a vietnamese person ? 
  see , that just seems impossible to me . 
  in serbia this extends to the first generation for sure . 
  but if someone was non-european ethnically i do n't think they 'd ever be accepted as `` real serbs '' , no matter how many generations their family had been there . 
  self-flagellation : the map i think i 'm actually more authoritarian after seeing this, 
  the old name hadzinci came from the turkish word for the muslim pilgrimage to mecca , so it 's not like any serb would be particularly attached to it . 
  anyways , there 's ten elderly people living in this village and they make their livings making rakija . 
  let them call their town whatever they want . 
  to me , water makes much more sense as a fundamental right than things like protection from discrimination and education . 
  not to say those are n't important , but you do n't die if you go a week without them . 
  this should have been like the first thing considered a right anywhere, 
  yeah we have a lot of those . 
  i prefer russia over the west but i feel like they 'd try and assimilate us in an instant if given the chance, 
  9a4172 is a serb who fought in the bosnian war . 
  there are reasons to be pro-russian aside from literally being paid by their government . 
  [ it 's right on wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_culture ) they had a lot of tolerance for gays and there was a progressive culture at play , especially in berlin . 
   diary of a lost girl ( 1929 ) directed by georg wilhelm pabst and starring louise brooks , deals with a young woman who is thrown out of her home after having an illegitimate child , and is then forced to become a prostitute to survive . 
  this trend of dealing frankly with provocative material in cinema began immediately after the end of the war . 
  in 1919 , richard oswald directed and released two films , that met with press controversy and action from police vice investigators and government censors . 
  prostitution dealt with women forced into `` white slavery '' , while different from the others dealt with a homosexual man 's conflict between his sexuality and social expectations . 
  by the end of the decade , similar material met with little , if any opposition when it was released in berlin theatres . 
  william dieterle 's sex in chains ( 1928 ) , and pabst 's pandora 's box ( 1929 ) deal with homosexuality among men and women , respectively , and were not censored . 
  homosexuality was also present more tangentially in other films from the period . 
   thrill-seekers came to the city in search of adventure , and booksellers sold many editions of guide books to berlin 's erotic night entertainment venues . 
  there were an estimated 500 such establishments , that included a large number of homosexual venues for men and for lesbians ; sometimes transvestites of one or both genders were admitted , otherwise there were at least 5 known establishments that were exclusively for a transvestite clientele . 
   berlin also had a museum of sexuality during the weimar period , at dr. magnus hirschfeld 's institute of sexology . 
  [ there was a healthy nudist movement as well . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturism ) it happened in germany , it happened in iran , it happened throughout yugoslavia and it can happen again in other places - every one of these places `` regressed '' from liberal values to some form of strong conservatism . 
  in fact this whole sense of `` progressivism '' being presented as an inevitable march forwards is erroneous , it is not true and encourages a false sense of confidence in its supporters . 
  then everybody has a heart attack when the right-wing rises once more . 
  spoiler alert , it 's a bad idea to feel as if your movement stands on unassailable foundations . 
  that 's what the conservative christians of the west thought , too , and now they have very little influence culturally . 
   like it always does with time . 
  weimar germany was more liberal than even modern germany until very recently . 
  this view is historically unsupported . 
  that 's why i specified that i was talking about combat roles . 
  it 's difficult to reconcile such a large difference in capability . 
  olympic-level women 's basketball teams practice against high school boys ' teams . 
  expecting women to contribute equally here is like expecting men to equally contribute to childbirth . 
  for the exceptional woman who can meet the baseline male requirements for combat roles , the position should be freely available , but otherwise standards should not be lowered nor should conscription for women even be allowed except in the absolute direst of circumstances . 
  tentatively , i 'd put it down to a general rift in mentality between men and women . 
  for example , what i 've observed in askreddit threads and elsewhere is that when a woman is upset about something and venting to her partner about it , a male so will put forth solutions to the problem , but the woman is usually seeking emotional support and not a solution right then . 
  furthermore it is interpreted as representative of condescension / insensitivity on the part of the man , even though he may only be trying to help . 
   she 's herself an illegitimate daughter  her own grand mother featured nude in the adult magazine `` lui '' in the 80 's to be fair she could n't do absolutely anything about these, 
   i celebrate christmas and easter ( well , the commercial version ) and try to do unto others as they 'd do unto me ( what jesus said ) but i stopped believing and stopped following a long time ago . 
  but that 's an abandoning of values , is n't it ? 
  here 's the thing ; i do n't do what i do because some old man wants me to . 
  i do it because i like doing it , and i like doing it for a number of reasons . 
  i have genuine faith . 
  i love the atmosphere inside the churches . 
  some of those `` old men '' rank among the best people i 've ever met . 
  i considered going into the priesthood and becoming one of those old men one day myself , but i realized i was n't worthy of that ; if i was a better person , i might have done it . 
  i 'm not a nationalist because i blindly listened to my grandfather , but because i personally experienced the ethnic divisions on the balkans , in my mother 's home town near kosovo , and because i wanted to protect the culture i loved so that future generations could also behold its beauty . 
  however , i also do what i do because i have a notion of societal responsibility , and because i have suppressed other impulses that i see as pointless and unconstructive . 
  i do n't want to live entirely for myself . 
  animals live for themselves . 
  undisciplined teenagers who just want to eat and drink and smoke and fuck all day live for themselves . 
  how fulfilling is such a life ? 
  without actual hardship and conviction , humans stagnate , regardless of how much material comforts they might enjoy . 
  indeed , amidst ever-increasing living standards and ever-fancier gadgets , rates of depression and mental illness continue to rise . 
  so , how well is it truly working out ? 
  if my ancestors were prone to that sort of weakness , they 'd have converted to lead an easier life under the ottomans , and i 'd be a muslim now , somewhere in bosnia or kosovo or turkey . 
  no , you should n't live for yourself - you should always keep a higher purpose and higher values in mind , and they should always be constructive and empowering ones . 
  my experiences with this distinction are probably heavily biased by the specific university environment i experienced . 
  consider that i had spent my childhood in * rural serbia * ; and though i had my secondary education in belgrade , i was now going to the university of toronto , which is probably one of the most liberal places on earth and which has defined the trends that now permeate canadian society . 
  if all the things i saw there are displays of the magic of `` living for yourself , '' i want none of it . 
  as i see it it seems to produce people who are barely able to endure their comfortable first-world lives , let alone real hardship . 
   i get what you 're saying about the canadian mentality but i think this idea about religion being unneeded today is widespread in western europe as well . 
  it is , and that 's no better . 
  but i specifically spent time in canada and i 'm talking to a canadian , so this was surely more relevant . 
  well , for starters , we do n't let people dance about naked in the streets at a whim . 
  we 're not rushing to tear down all borders . 
  we do n't self-flagellate ourselves and tear down our interests for those of others . 
  we do n't loudly proclaim how our ancestors died to protect our lifestyles and then spit in their faces by our every action . 
  it 's actually different in almost every single respect you could name , the stereotypes should be clear enough . 
  the religion is just one of many differences . 
  its important because only we truly care about our collective interests , and the only thing that makes us a collective in the first place is these shared values and practices .
