mate , you do n't have to tell me , german market is a must every year for the sausage and beer . 
  i 've still got half a dozen ma\u00df ' downstairs from the last few years . 
  i know you 're supposed to give them back , but they are just so cool . 
  on matchday it 's the goalpost ( which is actually shutting down soon ) and the wanderer but away days the city centre is crawling with them . 
  but , because of the way match scheduling works , villa and birmingham ca n't play home on the same day , and neither can wolves and west brom , so wolves and villa share home and away days . 
   moved to vienna silly magyar , the empire ended 100 years ago !, 
  i bet it does n't compare to wolverhampton , 
  the giffard arms , never been in myself but i 've heard good things . 
  i generally do n't drink in the town centre because i 'm an aston villa fan and i only really go to pubs on matchdays , with all the wolves fans about that 'd be a bad move . 
  you still live in the u.k. ? 
  i do n't have a problem with it either . 
  i live there and have done since i was born . 
  it 's still a shithole though , that 's why everything is so cheap . 
  it 's also why the mander centre smells like piss . 
   in wolverhampton but wolverhampton is a shithole . 
  romanian pakis with ebolaids lower house prices and raise taxes , if only diana were here . 
  i 've only ever been to the south-west of turkey and it 's very secular for a muslim country . 
  lovely people and lovely country . 
  to be fair , there 's a bloke that stands outside villa park with a massive ` god is love ' sign that i see every matchday . 
  so , yeah . 
  research it yourself you lazy cunt and stop being a prick to people who are trying to help . 
   this and ** birmingham ** is further proof that it does n't work , whut ? 
  they are fucking disgusting . 
  i think i 've just been sick in my mouth a little . 
  fuck , i want to go to war now . 
  they are not part of the united kingdom . 
  they are crown dependencies and overseas territories . 
  mateparae is the head of state , the prime minister is the head of government . 
  seemple . 
  and wales , most of the north , cornwall , east anglia , most of london , bristol and essex . 
  you 're correct in that estonia has a lower ppp than most of europe but it could be argued that it is located in northern europe , it 's all relative . 
  it 's more northern than denmark and the most populous parts of sweden . 
  the language thing is completely off though , estonia , like hungary/finland/etc has a uralic language , which is a completely separate family of languages than slavic . 
  they are in no way similar . 
  it ... it all makes sense now . 
  that 's the joke , i think . 
  hahahaha !, 
  you get all of our old people !, 
  yeah , i heard ukraine had a pretty chill week . 
  how you holding up pal ? 
  christ it looks like prince charles ' ballbag . 
  christ , does that have two different watermarks ? 
  nothing , we just sit in all day hatching socialist plots to take down america , waiting for the next welfare cheque . 
  * hmmm ... * you chinese are all right . 
   latvia only asks 70 thousand euros , for example . 
  fuck me , that 's like . 
  1,406,976 potatoes . 
   until someone makes a rational argument why the israeli flag is not appropriate for / r/europe i have no doubt that everyone arguing against it is a closet-racist . 
  it 's not european , it will never be in europe , the people are n't currently european and will never be either . 
  that rational enough ? 
  i was joking about it being rocket fuel and that shit you put in cars on need for speed to break the sound barrier . 
  `` monsieur presidente !, 
  twitter have phoned us with their demands , we either nuke israel or they close our twitter account ! '', 
  do you go really fast after sniffing it though ? 
   french are unbelievably and outwardly racist on the whole fuck off , i was in london a month ago and an edl march went right through covent garden , hundreds of people all shouting racist slogans and holding anti-immigrant banners/flags , the same thing happens week in week out all through the country . 
  to anyone with a modicum of intelligence that would make it seem like the english are outwardly racist , but for the majority it 's not so , just because there are a few idiots does n't mean the entire country is racist . 
  also , hating the french is * sooo * pass\u00e9 . 
  holy fuck , just watched that all the way through . 
  that was bad . 
  and he was in pakistan the whole time !, 
  i know you 're asking him , but i 've met quebecois in cuba ( apparently a really popular holiday destination for french-canucks ) , and some of them were the rudest , most arrogant people i 've ever met . 
  they 're even worse then english world cup tourists . 
  `` sir ? 
  sir ?!, 
  we 've lost canada ! '', 
  yes !, 
  as a brummie , do n't fucking leave us with london !, 
  really ? 
  i had no idea . 
  huh . 
  thanks for that . 
  yes , go on their twitter profiles , it 's not hard . 
  ha , there 's even yugoslavia . 
  ` you 're twenty years too late , mate ! ', 
  i mean , i appreciate the giving poland some coastline was a nice move , but slicing off prussia from the rest of germany was extremely stupid . 
  what ? 
  it clearly says on the right u.s.s.r. , they get prussia , and i 'm assuming ( although it might just be my eyes playing up . ), 
  that they 're keeping the bit of poland they took in the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  * yet . 
  it seems silly though , they get chased off by r.a.f. 
  jets every time . 
  ah well . 
  yeah , britain 's had a bit of a problem with russian bombers recently . 
  do n't know why the russians need to do that any more . 
  this is what happened in the u.k. after dunblane . 
  ( quite similar to the ct shooting actually . 
  ) , parliament banned pistols . 
  i mean , you could still get one if you * really * know where to look , but it 's a step in the right direction . 
  it was more the ` only good studio to come out of the uk was rockstar ' comment . 
  i know a lot of the studios are currently dead , or under other names , but i said as much in my initial comment . 
  blame google translate !, 
  turned 20 yesterday , 
   hi , my name is / u/norrisobe and i do n't know fuck all about anything . 
  first of all , a big hearty `` fuck you . '', 
  for this :  the only respectable studios to come out of the uk are rockstar games when , in actuality , there are hundreds of active video-game developers and publishers , and even more inactive/defunct companies that were big hitters in their day . 
  #rage software ^ ^ uk these guys fucking made tons of stuff . 
  they started in the late eighties and their first game sold over a million copies , fucking fantastic for an early video game developer . 
  they went downhill quickly though in the early 00 's and split into several other ( extremely lacking ) studios . 
  #rare ltd. ^ ^ twycross , ^ ^ england ever hear of a little console called the nintendo 64 ? 
  pretty cool shit right ?
