  on the other hand you throw in the trade surplus , which is an entirely different area where no laws are in effect . 
  and trade surplus is just that , a difference in trade volume . 
  germany does n't trade with the us or greece , companies in the countries do with each other . 
  and now please tell me a law/policy a politician can pass that would reduce the trade surplus . 
  http://www.bildblog.de/1548/bild-macht-mit-korrekturspalte-auf/ the first picture you see it the `` gegendarstellung '' or counter reply to the headline seen in the second picture . 
  as you might notice the size of the reply is basically the same and so is the position of it , both on the front page . 
  but , it 's not automatic that a newspaper has to correct a false claim , somebody must sue them for it , which then of course takes it 's time in the courts . 
  yeah , banning the book in the ages of the internet is pretty much pointless anyway , everybody who wanted to read it could read it . 
  and the annotated version is also perfect in the sense that no nazi would actually buy it as a memento or something , so that it mainly leaves those that are actually interested in a critical reception out to buy it . 
  since i considered buying that edition of the book when it was announced i just searched for mein kampf on amazon.de : 60 euros for it , pretty pricey for a book . 
  that would have been the right way to do it , have their cases checked and decided near the border of their entry into the european union . 
  ( though you wo n't hear the word camp of it very often in germany , due to the negative association with concentration camps ) also , germany did not accept them en masse without checking , as germany can only start to act when they reach the german borders . 
  and what do you do once they reach your country , you can put them into camps sure . 
  but if they want to leave the camp what do you want to do ? 
  stop them with force ? 
  only allow them to leave the camp with an escort ? 
  because it is not possible to see if they are proper refugees at a first glance with 100 % certainty . 
  so in the end they have to run the complete process where their cases are evaluated one at a time . 
  however if you want to deny them asylum at a first glance you have to accept that there will be collateral damage where valid cases are not accepted . 
  and that is not something that is easily possible in germany , as taking such an action violates the most important ( as in the first ) part of the german grundgesetz ( constitution ) : artikel 1 ( 1 ) die w\u00fcrde des menschen ist unantastbar . 
  translation : human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  cdu , they are the more conservative party in germany . 
  but on the other hand the spd does n't stand for anything anymore and will do everything if it keeps them in power . 
  obviously all other banks including the ones in rome are frankfurts business . 
  if the others cease to exist , their own banks grow , simple as that . 
  of course you can . 
  but i see other advantages for portugal compared to germany in the case of tesla . 
  for the south of europe also has more solar energy potential , which is 1 of the big tesla things , so they could ( maybe even just for pr reasons ) decide to supply their factory with their own solar energy and maybe battery packs they sell . 
  of course you can split up the factory and solar farm , but it would make for a pretty good picture for both of them to be next to each other . 
  my theory for origin of the big bang is a follows : our universe is just the latest in an infinite series of universes where each time the most advanced lifeforms build their version of the large hardon collider and once the energy output was high enough they created a singularity that destroyed their own universe but started the next big bang . 
  i call it the big dong theory . 
   if a german soldier was n't ` actually bad ' , but still assisted the fervent nazis at every turn , then there is no meaningful or practical difference between the two types - and that 's what makes them all legitimate targets for direct action in my view . 
  this is the point i would disagree with you , as you said actions define you . 
  for instance my grandfather was stationed in norway as at an anti-air emplacement , or more commonly known as a `` flakhelfer '' in a certain way you can reasonably say that he did help the nazis in his actions , after all he was a soldier for nazi germany . 
  and i refuse to allow anybody to compare my grandfather , who was actually nearly court-martialed for shooting at a german fighterplane that was n't noted in the allowed flight book , to be compared to somebody who helped or directly committed warcrimes . 
  edit : and yes at times he was most definatly a valid war-target , as an anti-air emplacement is a strategically important asset , but while in his downtime in the local village he was not . 
  killing a soldier just because he is a soldier is not valid unless you gain something by it and a single soldier can be replaced with no issue when the next shift starts . 
   it 's called asymmetric warfare . 
  each party fights with the means they have at their disposal . 
  that is perfectly fine , and in the case of this woman you can also construct a solid reasoning why her actions are justified , as in her actions prevented deaths in part of the civil population . 
  ( the collaborator ca n't rat out people anymore if he is dead ) my issue is mainly with what id_tagged and now you said , that every soldier of an occupying army is a bad person ( and if you continue the train of thought a valid war target ) , which is why i brought up the iraq war . 
  and no , i do n't want any of the war criminals to go free without repercussions , they can all go rot in prison for what i care . 
  that also includes the nazi judges of the `` volksgerichthof '' in germany that were allowed to continue practice law in germany , who were nearly all basically granted a pardon . 
  they should have all stood trial in front of an untainted court and received a fair judgement , be it guilty or not . 
  you are making an ass out of yourself with instantly calling people nazi apologists . 
  nobody is apologizing for nazi war-crimes or trying to justify them . 
  you have to accept that just because your enemy is doing illegal and horribly things does n't justify you to commit war-crimes . 
  if we , especially in the western world , would suddenly allow that way of thinking to excuse any sort of war-crimes we instantly lose to moral high ground that allows us to criticize any other countries for it . 
  nothing breeds enemies like being a hypocrite . 
  so the british soldiers in iraq , which was an illegal attack war started under false pretenses , are all bad persons ? 
  one issue could be that even in war , attacks must be justified by military necessity . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimate_military_target and killing a few random combatants that are not currently fighting on the front lines or are defending an object of military value does not seem to be a valid reason in itself . 
  and killing soldiers for the sake of killing soldiers is not a valid objective of war . 
  maybe one could construct a case that the random deaths would disrupt or hinder the occupying forces in effectively fight the war , but 1 death does n't really disrupt anything unless you 're at the front line . 
  afaik wearing a uniform is an important part of being classified as a combatant . 
  but i think engaging in combat without a uniform basically means that the protections of the geneva convention for captured/injured combatants do not apply and neither does the protection of civilians so she could be executed without a trial if she had been captured . 
  that part of the law is pretty clear do n't you think ? 
  and it means exactly what i stated . 
  and part of their responsibilities is to take actions that make the most money for the stock owners . 
  ( unless for some reason the aktiengesellschaft does not include the goal to make a profit ) edit : i just remembered , if the goal of the corporation is not profit , there is a special law for that case ( gemeinn\u00fctzige gmbh , or ggmbh ) which are tax exempt . 
  and obviously nobody can hold you liable for not breaking the law , and i did n't say that . 
  however , it follows a certain logic that sometimes a company might want to break the law , in case the possible profit is worth the risk . 
  if you want to see a court case for loss of profit = damage , just look at the current issue with the owners of the german nuclear power plants suing the german state because they are no longer allowed to run the plants as long as expected . 
  afaik every nation that knows of a type of company where the ownership is handled via ( publicly ) traded stocks does have those rules , but as you wanted to know it in germany it mainly comes from \u00a7 93 of the aktiengesetz ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/aktg/__93.html ) ( 1 ) basicaly sais that nobody in the board of directors can be held accountable for actions which were decided i good faith . 
  ( not important for us here ) ( 2 ) is the important one , where the board of directors are held accountable for damages if they do not act in good faith ( compliant to the goal of the company , which is most of the time to make money , but decided by the stock holders ) as it 's pretty hard to do a good translation of laws i 'll just skip it and give you an example : remember the tipp protests , part of reason why people are against it is that investment protection clause , where the countries can be forced to pay fines if companies are not able to make profit due to the government ( due to passed laws and stuff ) a profit that you did n't earn ( even though you could have ) is damage to the stock holders , because the stock price could have been 100 $ instead of the current 99 $ . 
  therefore , as the stock is not priced as high as it could be , the stock owners can sue the company for the difference . 
  if the board of directors is responsible for that missed profit opportunity , \u00a7 93.2 sais that indeed the board must pay for the damages ( again , loss of profit = damage ), 
  of course not , but companies do n't have ethics or anything of that sort . 
  only the people who are part of the company are and it turns out in recent history that those who are in leadership positions somehow are n't held accountable . 
  once a company reaches a certain size at some point they reach the magic land of zero accountability and the company will pay a fine instead of the ones responsible . 
  of course the end result is that part of the workforce ( the people who actually make stuff ) are laid of to reduce spending ... brave new world , and politicians are wondering why people are angry and vote in people like donald trump who at least acknowledge that something is wrong ... 
  there is a strange logic behind acting like that . 
  companies ( especially those on the stock market ) have one goal only , making money for their investors . 
  and if the managers do n't make the decisions that make the most money they can be held liable . 
  so at a point it 's a simple question of `` how likely are these illegal actions to be found out ? 
  '' , `` how much would i have to pay in fines ? 
  and `` how much do i earn if nobody finds out ? '', 
  i wonder if anybody is actually surprised by this ... 
  the issue is not the 2015 agreement , that agreement still stands . 
  the issue is a new agreement that was agreed on 1 week prior which would include lower interest rates on the debt which is now put on hold while the other euro countries reevaluate what the ramifications of the new plan by tsipras are . 
  it does not mean the new agreement is canceled at this point . 
  serving the debt does serve a few very important purposes : 1 : show that you are willing to work of your debt , which increases trust into the ability of the debtor to repay a loan . 
  higher trust means lower interest rates . 
  2 : lower the debt , which also decreases the future payments for interest . 
  now of course it might be very reasonable to say that you want to re-invest the surplus for boosting the economy . 
  but the best practice would be to clearly communicate that idea to your lenders and to listen to what their reply is . 
  again , it 's all about gaining trust , as trust means lower interest . 
  the greek financial crisis did start after all when the trust was lost and no private financial institutions wanted to fund greece anymore . 
  edit : just to make clear how important trust is , here 's a thought experiment : you as a private citizen took a loan and for reason ( insert whatever you want ) you find yourself in a position where you are not able to repay the it at the end of the contract . 
  at this point you go to a bank negotiate a new loan that has a longer contract period , after all the bank would prefer you to repay the loan instead of defaulting on it . 
  now a few days before you sign the new deal with the bank you get your tax returns which are higher that what you expected and instantly spend it on a car with better fuel economy . 
  what do you think the bank at this point would do ? 
  if you had clearly communicated your reason for that spending the bank might agree that indeed it is a sensible investment or tell you that no it is not . 
  but as you did not speak with the bank about it , the banks trust in you will decrease and might no longer accept the new loan deal . 
  it was only a surplus before interest , with the interest on the current debt it still was net negative . 
  and even if we just look at the primary surplus , which was higher than expected , you have to think about the other side of the debt , the lenders . 
  it looks very badly on your decision making if you are essentially bankrupt , earn some extra unexpected , money but decide to throw it at populist gifts instead of lowering the debt . 
  what is this humour you speak of . 
  is that some kind of weapon ?
