  no , the part about letting people/organisations fail is essential if you want capitalism to work . 
  bankruptcy is the reset button that keeps the healthy entities going but removes the bad ones and is what makes capitalism long term sustainable . 
  problem is that we now have reached a point where some of the bad ones are indeed too big to fail . 
  which is an issue that the regulatory oversight should have prevented but did n't . 
  my solution for a potential crash of the deutsche bank would be : let the bank die but protect investors from bankruptcy ( with cheap/free loans from the ecb ) edit : btw , no germany wo n't get the same treatment , as currently germany could save deutsche bank without help from the ecb . 
  and if you look from another direction germany is already doing what was required from the southern european countries . 
  the world is n't fair , never was , never will be . 
  also , the average german taxpayers are not rich . 
  for example : with the current plan for the retirement at 67 about 40 % of all seniors will get a pension that files them into the poor category . 
  but one big difference between german and greece taxpayers is that we actually pay the tax . 
  ( greece loses 20billion each year due to tax evasion ) now on the topic on the deutsche bank , fuck them , they are involved in every seedy operation that is going on and i wish we could just let them go die . 
  at first i did n't believe that until i googled it . 
  seriously wtf switzerland ? 
  after that i googled for a swiss navy . 
  ( after all , if you have sand beaches on a lake , why not a navy ? ), 
  there indeed is a swiss navy , just not the kind i expected : http://imgur.com/a/vsgq1, 
  yeah , in my eyes the ecb nearly zero interest policy is the same as giving banks the permission to print money . 
  if on the other hand the ecb would let countries borrow the money for the same interest , even greece would be way better of now . 
  yet for some reason we in europe ca n't do that , even though the us or japan are perfectly fine with it ... 
  if only it was n't . 
  when was the last time anybody heard good news for that bank ? 
  it 's like if there is something questionable going on , you can bet that the deutsche bank is involved in it ... 
  actually , with that you are wrong , only in the last 2 posts you mentioned reported rapes where you would be right . 
  in the posts before you just spoke of rape which every single country defines differently . 
  and if you take a random countries definition of rape and apply it to every country in the world you will notice that : no , sweden does not have the highest number of rapes . 
  and btw , if you wan na go for the country with the lowest number of reported rapes , i bet north korea will be high on the list . 
  canary, 
  ah , thanks for finding that info , i did search beforehand , but sadly could n't find any dates . 
  then again , the internet was n't that big 2001 . 
  but still , 2 month to pass the bill on what should have been considered a direct attack against germany itself ( via nato article 5 ) , i can think of things that would require a way faster response time . 
  problem is , to get everybody to agree is quite hard . 
  look at the us and the 9/11 first responders bill for medical coverage , which everybody in their right mind would agree is the right thing to do . 
  still the republicans did not support the bill at first in hope they could get democrats to agree on topics that had nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  also , some actions do require fast reactions . 
  and getting the agreement from all countries takes time . 
  if i remember correctly it took a few month for germany to send soldiers to afghanistan , even though it was a pretty clear nato issues . 
  so , dunno if a 100 % vote is the right way ( even though it is the most democratic one ) . 
  maybe 2/3 would be enough . 
  or maybe 1/2 with each member state able to veto the use of their soldiers ( though that also has problems if those soldiers do essential tasks ), 
  quite frankly , if the british politicians do hold their word , britain will be out in 2-3 years . 
  creating a european army will take a longer time . 
  so quite frankly it should be a non issue for britain and only an issue for the 27 remaining countries . 
  that the british representatives now try to veto a policy that has nothing to do with them anymore is basically a dick move . 
  here 's a bad comparison : 2 people are married . 
  person a tells b that they will file the divorce papers in a few month . 
  b sais fine , i 'll go hook up with c . at this point , since a already made the intentions clear , a has no moral standpoint to make why b should n't be able to move on . 
  how about you do n't try to make me answer a straw man arguement . 
  as soon as you answer my question with evidence that indeed people died to the extra emissions i will answer your question . 
  well , please tell me then how many people died due to the extra emissions ? 
  even a general range between 2 values , like 1241 - 2434902789 . 
  well , interresting accusation you are making here . 
  do you have any proof of currupt officials in germany or the eu that turned a blind eye ? 
  or are you just making that up ? 
  because the only news article that even goes into that direction ( that officials knew it before ) does not only mention vw , but also fiat , renault and bmw that go over the limit in road tests . 
  interresting fact is that the vw gold mentioned in that article was produced before the defeat software was installed and while over the limit , the other cars mentioned performed even worse . 
  and ? 
  gm willfully let people drive to their death and knowingly lied to the regulatory agencies in the us . 
  if i know of something that directly kills people and i do n't fix it , it is worse . 
  now they question about how many people died to the extra pollution created by the defeat devices , i dunno . 
  in the eu we seem to be totaly ok with the emissions caused , as even with the defeat devices the nox exhaust is well below euro 6 requirements . 
  if we would really go for death of caused by emissions , we would have also have to remove older vehicles from our roads , as their emissions is way worse . 
  now do n't get me wrong , vw fucked up big time . 
  and i would have no problems if people would go to prison for it . 
  ( just the job loss alone that happened due to that scandal warrants prison time in my eyes ) but either vw paid to much , or gm not enough in my mind . 
  well , the total number of people that died due to faulty ignition switches also is n't known , gm rejected 90 % of the claims made . 
  nope , we know that if a us company did what is worse , it did n't have to pay that much : gm paid 600 million to surviving victims of their fautly ignition switches . 
  gm had to pay an additional fine of 900 million to the us for the death of 124 us citizens for same issue . 
  so 1.5 billion in total for a defect they 've admitted to have known for about 2 years before they decided to fix it and with allegations that gm knew about the problem since 2001 . 
  so far it happened 8 times during the terms of the 11 presidents we had . 
  oh , that was indeed my mistake . 
  ( made it because it was passed during trumans term , in the short 5 minutes research i did i mixed that up ... ) but , it still was mostly a party politics move by the conservative party of that time . 
   at the time , an amendment limiting presidents to two terms in office seemed an effective way to invalidate roosevelt 's legacy , to discredit this most progressive of presidents . 
  source : http://www.nytimes.com/2006/01/05/opinion/no-more-secondterm-blues.html?_r=0, 
  and that reason is ? 
  when i look at america for instance , the 22nd amendment was passed 1947 by truman as a way to somehow invalidate the presidency of roosevelt who was in office for 4 terms . 
  so it was mainly party politics ... 
  well , the president serves mainly a ceremonial role in germany . 
  but , there is one important power the president does hold , which is that his/her signature is required in order for a law to come in effect and that signature can be withheld . 
   if the scots vote for independence , which i am sure they will not because they 're not stupid , [ ... ] erm , the whole world considered the brexid stupid , that did n't end well did it ? 
  asking germany for asylum seems like a pretty resonable idea for erdogan , considering the large turkish community here . 
  now , i do n't know why he would need to ask for asylum , instead of a simple landing permission . 
  asylum after all is a very different process than simply visiting a country ( which would be a faster , less hassel way ) thing is , only nbc has heard from a random us army official that germany has rejected the asylum request , sounds very much like a he-said-she-said hoax . 
  let 's get some facts : in 2060 it 's expected that germany will have a population of 67.6 up to 73.1 million . 
  let 's take the middle of 70 for next steps . 
  * source : https://www.destatis.de/en/publications/specialized/population/germanypopulation2060_5124206159004.pdf?__blob=publicationfile* to reach the 11,5 % number that means ~ 8 million former refugees need to be living in germany . 
  does n't that strike you as rather unrealistic ? 
  and even if we somehow reach that high number , most of that will come from children that were born and raised in germany and therefore were educated in germany . 
  many people perceive that we have a problem with turkish nationals in germany , of with there are 1.5 million right now ( 3 million with roots in turkey ) , and so far i ca n't in any way say that i see a real problem with their education or if they are skilled workers . 
  ( contrary to that , immigrants have a higher rate for starting a company ) and when the `` wirtschaftwunder '' happened and workers were needed , what we got were for the most part unskilled workers . 
  and yes , the grundgesetz is not a universal thing . 
  but unless a foreign force invades germany ( as in war ) it wo n't lose it 's status . 
  first of all , certain passages are protected under the eternity clause , so they ca n't be changed unless a completely new constitution was voted for . 
  and even if we say 25 % of all inhabitants of germany in the year 2060 are former immigrants or asylum seekers , the majority will still be people with european roots . 
  so it ca n't be changed and it wo n't be replaced unless something completely unexpected happens . 
  i am seriously asking myself if you are on some type of drugs . 
  what is the percentage of asylum seekers compared to the total number if inhabitants in germany ? 
  roughly 1 million , or 1 % . 
  you really gon na say that even if all of them were useless on the job market that this 1 % will destroy germany as we know it ? 
  obviously not . 
  and while we 're having a go at outlandish solutions i present : 5 .
