  if i was a blackhat , i could gain access to confidential material , like adresses from people under protection from stalkers / harrasing formers spouses and the like . 
  but , because i do n't even wan na get the chance to fuck up , i am the only person without credentials to even access the most basic of data , but i do have the credentials to create new users . 
  oh do n't worry , the people working for the government would never just look up the stored data for anything but lawfull reason . 
  that said , i think i should do a random tax audit on you ... ... 
  wait , you paid how much in income tax ? 
  that must be wrong , i think somebody will have a surprise visit soon . 
  yeah , i 've been told that when i was a kid . 
  same with the externsteine , where you ca n't go up because people were commiting suicide by jumping of them . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/22/externsteine_pano.jpg/1920px-externsteine_pano.jpg and then you look at the picture , people are actually up there ... 
  to be able to invest that money into the foundation , he first had to pay the tax . 
  and now that the money is in the charities coffers , he can not get it back . 
  sometimes , people ( even billionares ) just want to make the world a better place without a hidden agenda . 
  you might question if the solutions he 's trying to apply are the right solutions , like that he 's advocating genetically modified plants , but unlike most people complaining about how he uses his money , he is actually doing something , something that has a chance to reduce the issues europe is facing with mirgrants in the long run . 
  at first i thought the uk actually had to abide to that , but i misremembered the convention . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_the_reduction_of_statelessness interresting part is article 8 , which prevents states from stripping people of their citizenship . 
  but here 's the good part , exemptions are made to people disloyal to the state , so jihadists are not really protected . 
  and thank god for that . 
  yet they are allowed to vote and represent erdogan pretty well . 
  neither is it productive to constantly say that you will pull out of the deal , even if the opposition is ( as attested by the iaea ) abiding by the most important part of the deal by the letter . 
  that just makes the us look like an party you can not depend on holding their word , which then may show iran that maybe nuclear bombs are n't that bad of a choice . 
  the thing about amazon is that they are still expanding rapidly into future tech so they can deliver a better service for less . 
  all of that to give em a better position in the market as the leader . 
  they could at any point increase their prices 5 % ( for consumers / other 3rd party distributors ) and make a huge profit . 
  tesla is n't in a position as the market leader , they have to compete with their product price/quality/value , and in that segment the others are basically equal . 
  the only possible dangers to amazon are the chinese company ( was it baidu ? 
  dunno ) or that it 's split up because of it 's monopoly . 
  ( highly unlikely though ), 
  ah , did n't knew there was an all electric version , though i should have guessed , as the opel/vauxhall ampera-e is based on it . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/apr/10/tesla-most-valuable-car-company-gm-stock-price just think about that , a company that has never made a profit is valued more than a company that did 1.7 b in profit this quarter . 
  and what is the gimmick that investors see a huge potential in to get that evaluation , the model 3 that is only slightly better than it 's competitors that are already on the market . 
  i doubt it . 
  i 'd be more worried about conventional manufacturers like toyota or ford . 
  actually , as tesla is the new kid on the block , and are betting everything on 1 card , they are the biggest danger to the big car manufacturers . 
  ford and all others are moving way slower , and do n't go all in , they have the resources to do so . 
  in the end they would only trade some marketshare between each other . 
  though truthfully , i think tesla is overevaluated . 
  for example vw has been producing the e-golf since 2014 now , and the care costs basically the same as a tesla ( 36k vs 35k ) with comparable milage ( 300km vs 345km ) , so tesla is n't in any way a revolutionary as others reached the middle class consumers first . 
  ( vw is an example , bmw and opel also offer comparable cars . 
  dunno about us and asian manufacurers ), 
  come on , nazi calling under friends is perfectly fine , everybody does that . 
  i would actually say the opposite . 
  as in the shadow of the thrid reich remains , even if itself is gone . 
  good symbolism in that way . 
  you essentially just abolished your own personal rights as well , so that safety and well-being no longer is a right you can rely on . 
  or do you go the pick and choose way of which laws apply to you ? 
   https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/conservare  etymology  from latin c\u014dnserv\u014d ( `` i preserve ; i conserve '' ) . 
   verb conservare  to keep , preserve , retain , conserve , hold , save  to cherish , treasure , keep the grundgesetz gives the right to every human being to apply for asylum in germany . 
  and as i said , i want to protect the inherent values of the grundgesetz at any costs . 
  and that must also mean i must tolerate that people i do n't like apply for asylum , otherwise i would be a hypocrite . 
  then please tell me what conservative means . 
  because the us meaning of conservative does n't apply in germany . 
  if i go by the meaning of the word conservative as in latin conservare , i 'm a constitutional conservative , as i want to protect the grundgesetz at all costs . 
  if you mean in social terms i 'm a liberal as people should be free to do what they want , as long as they do n't interfer with me . 
  and the church does want to protect its heritage , so they are per definition conservate , even if their interpretion of the bible is in a way liberal . 
  but you also did it wrong i think , 311 is 3 and 11 i guess , so ck ? 
  just for you i edited my text and put a / s there . 
  some people seriously ca n't take a joke ... and lastly , making predictions that go 83 years into the future is stupid to begin with . 
  there are so many factors that can change the outcome , war , plague , automatisation , asteroids , aliens , famine it 's not scientific reliable to make such predictions . 
  the thing is , we germans do n't hate ourselfs . 
  i 'm actually pretty damn happy that i was so lucky to be born and raised in germany and i bet most germans are also happy . 
  if anything the nazi idiology is self hating , as most people in those circles are neither blond , nor tall . 
  it 's as if i as a white dude go to a blank panther meeting and proclaim that black is the superior skin colour . 
  i think you meant 2100 . 
  also , who cares about 2100 , i 'll either be dead or have my brain in a jar on top of a robot . 
  ( or maybe i 'm living in the ( it ) cloud ) / s, 
  search on youtube for an adult swim `` advertisement '' about the mixxxer . 
  no , that actually is a well known thing . 
  if your view/opinions are a certain extreme distance away from the norm/mid , people ca n't tell if it 's satire or not . 
  ( that is also a good indication that you might be wrong about something ), 
  yeah , we were so arrogant and said that we will ease the issues greece and italy was having after a eu wide solution was blocked . 
  and we are also so arrogant that we decided that our law actually counts for something . 
  btw , i never said anything about sending migrants from germany to other countries . 
  but taking even more from the eu after other countries chickened out ? 
  no thank you . 
  now you all can keep them yourself !, 
   eggs do n't need to be washed . 
  the shell is a natural sealant from bacteria . 
  the lack of european people getting sick from eating unwashed eggs might be an indicator that the eggs are safe as they are sold . 
  i think the reason for why the washing + waxing in the us is used was scratches that can happen during transportation . 
  if the egg has a scratch , the natural protective film is damaged at that part . 
  ( btw : i 'm not argueing that the eu foodstandards are unnecessary or worse , i actually think it 's the better system , but americans might reasonable think their system is better ), 
  well , the eu and europe are nearly the same in a way . 
  ( and unless the uk leaves the islands they could n't leave europe , even if they wanted ) to be fair , i 'm not sure if may deserves the shit she is getting . 
  when this mess started , all the other politicians who were actually for brexit / responsible for it chickened out . 
  only bojo is actually working on it , though i 'm not sure he 's a great help . 
  cameron quit , farange wants to leave the uk if the brexit does n't work out well ( the showings of a great leader , move somewhere else if you make the place you are in a hell ... ) corbyn might have been right for the job ( that is from my opinion that a soft brexit is the best possible solution ) but he was n't voted in . 
  that 's the average of the 3 runs in the middle , the best and worst run were removed . 
  it 's not really that the eu has higher standards , but that we have different standards . 
  in the eu food and safety is mainly applied before and during processing/butchering , in the us it 's during and after processing . 
  to americans , the thought of an unchlorinated chicked might actually sound disgusting , as they think it 's a health concern . 
  a good example would be eggs : in the us they get washed and after that a layer of wax/whatevery coating is applied to the shell , to keep it clean from bacteria . 
  in the eu you are not allowed to wash eggs , so that the natural protective film of the shell stays intact . 
  so , the same result is reached , but the method is intirely different and not compatible . 
  how about stop saying wrong shit like that ? 
  we did not want them , but decided to ease the pressure on our neighboring countries and uphold our own law . 
  let 's be quite clear about what 2 choices germany faced : 1 : be called out by the eu for not taking refugees even though we are the most prosperous eu country . 
  2 : the shit you are doing . 
  and surprise , now that germany is n't taking in new migrants at a high rate and italy is filling up , random idiots on the internet call us out . 
  the procedure said it 's a 51 % , with 21/40 . 
  and i trust instinctively in procedures , they were made for a reason after all and there 's no need to calculate it manually .
