  if you ask me how i want it to be : refugee camps at the borders of the eu , every migrant within the eu borders ( that was n't accepted as valid asylum case yet ) is move into one of those camps . 
  financed by the eu as a whole . 
  migrants whos asylum request was granted are distributed equally throughout europe at random . 
  ( as in , no choice of their part , unless they already have close family somewhere ) but there are issues with that , for instance that the some countries are not willing to take refugees at all . 
  edit : replaced refugee with migrants in some parts , to make it more clear that not everyone is a valid case for asylum . 
  as long a companies can do it they will do it . 
  one of the best examples is apple . 
  they now have a cash reserve of 250b offshore . 
  now , there is 1 easy solution to that tax avasion problem : get rid of the corporate tax and instead increase the vat accordingly . 
  but that would be hard to tell people even though corporate tax is only a minor income for germany as is right now : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/steueraufkommen_ ( deutschland ) just to clarify , as i do n't have an english version of that page available , nearly every single point listed there is in the end a tax paid by the consumer . 
  point 6 with 19b in 2016 and the gewebersteuer ( point 6 from the bottom ) with 42b in 2015 are the taxes corporations pay . 
  compare that to point 1 ( income tax ) with 178b and point 7 ( vat ) with 159b . 
  as i said in another thread a few days ago , that `` first safe country '' rule/law does not exist . 
  there is some sort of gentlemans agreement that it should be this first country , but no country wants to be the first one and so they let them slip though , who would have known . 
  well , without those jobs the poverty rates would be even higher . 
  and germany is working on it , the just recently introduced minimum wage will get increased . 
  but that has to be done gradually , raise them too fast and those jobs ( low skilled / non skilled ) can be easily be lost . 
  also , you should be very carefull about how poverty is calculated , as it 's just a fixed percentage of the median income . 
  it does n't for instance factor in how expensive it is to live in the area you are in . 
  this shows the difference , where more people are poor in the eastern part of germany changes to the opposite . 
   those countries were chosen because of the cheaper there . 
  and that does not change . 
  so why pull out . 
  of course it does change , more taxes mean less profit . 
  simple as that . 
  also , what do you want to apply tax on ? 
  the additional value created by the workers ? 
  the profit ? 
  it 's super easy for companies to get arround them . 
  if they are in a supply chain , just set the price of the product equal to the cost of production and on paper the company will make no profit in that country . 
  even if there was a real value created . 
  but that will not happen , never ever . 
  and the reason why it will not happen is simple . 
  double taxation . 
  no company will invest in a country if there are more taxes to pay , unless the workforce is even cheaper than without the local tax . 
  it is exactly the end result that will happens if we follow the points he brought up : what he said is that it is bad that the country does n't directly profit from the value a worker has created . 
  so if it is bad it should be stopped . 
  therefore companys are only allowed to employ workers in their home countries where they pay their taxes . 
  now , you might reasonable want more high tech jobs available and more local knowhow . 
  that is not something you can force into existance , the best way for that is investing in research in for example universities . 
  but that is not in competition with having foreign companies offer work . 
  again , more jobs are good , even if a company does n't pay local taxes . 
  so because volkswagen does n't directly pay taxes in poland , you want volkswagen to close their factories there and they should only employ people in germany ? 
  because that is the result of what you are implying . 
  from my point of view , there ca n't be enough foreign companies in germany that offer work , even if they do n't pay a dime in taxes directly . 
  more jobs , lowere number of people without a job , higher wages , more income tax from workers . 
  what is not to like ? 
  i would say the opposite , the more the eu deals with china , the better we can influence them to change certain things . 
  china will continue to grow and already is the 2nd biggest power in the world . 
  so the eu should be on friendly terms with it . 
  that does n't mean we have to bend over to please them however . 
  got ta love how macron looks like he 's having fun , while trump sits there like somebody does n't know what fun is . 
  not entirely sure , in ~ 2000 i went on holidays there , was a pretty nice place . 
  ca n't compare it to the current situation though . 
  i would say there are certain islamic countries you can visit without any problems . 
  ironically , iran is one of them , considering how the us iran relations are going . 
  that said , if i wan na go on holidays , i 'll go for greece or maybe croatia . 
  edit : derp , after posting i noticed somebody further down else already answered to your question with the same info ... 
  the issue is how far reaching the rights granted will be . 
  wikipedia has a good article about the different `` freedoms '' countries can grant : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedoms_of_the_air#overview the interesting ones are the 7th and 9th freedoms , as they would grant aviation companies the rights to offer trips that do n't at any point land in the country the company is registered in . 
  so if the eu was to neither grant either of them ( 7th mostly ) no uk company is allowed to offer flights between paris and berlin , unless the plane stops in the uk during the regular schedule at some point . 
  i 'm waiting for the moment when the op replaces the picture with a non bike version and everybody in the thread looks like a massive racist / war criminal . 
  and , i do n't think the mustache man would have cared either way . 
  might have delayed the whole thing a short while maybe . 
  actually , the only country ever to invoke article 5 of the nato treaty was the us after the wtc attacks . 
  ( though of course , that does n't change the fact that the us is the most powerful ally you can have in terms of military might ), 
  well , that 's what you get if the female minister for family issues takes over the ministry of defense . . 
  jokes on all others , you see the bag he 's carrying ? 
  it 's a disguised ac and the shirt is part of it . 
  the international standard actually either a comma or dot for the decimal marker . 
  and a non breaking space for large number ordering . 
  that prevents horrible incompabilities where 12,345,678.90 ( which was the former us default ) would be possible to be read as 3 seperate numbers depending of the country you are in . 
  so it 's 12\u00a0345\u00a0678 ,90 with that everybody knows what is meant . 
  source : http://www.bipm.org/utils/en/pdf/resol22cgpm-en.pdf, 
  indeed , though the tower looks a bit odd . 
   go play around in the parts of the world you 've destroyed over the past few centuries and have your fun . 
  ~ triggered ~ ~ the need to go anschluss intensifies . ~ why do you make me do that dad !, 
  i do n't want to hurt people anymore !, 
  how about this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_central_bank#capital_subscription look under non-euro area , as you just said all eu uk treaties cease to apply , why should the uk get anything back . 
  well , in that case the eu is no longer required to pay the pensions of the former uk staff for the eu . 
  just for a comparison : 2 people are married and lease a car . 
  when that contract was accepted both agreed to their share of the finacial burden . 
  while in the midst of contract time they divorce . 
  the leasing contract is not in any way invalid from that point on , as both can be held liable to it . 
  even if the car from that point forward is only used by 1 person , both are still required to pay . 
  that the uk now is argueing that suddenly a contract is invalid , even though there are no points in the contracts that would give an option of an early exit in case the uk leaves the eu , just shows little the uk is interrested in a deal . 
  btw , this is one for the projects that is funded by the eu until 2020 : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/euprojects/coordinated-research-earth-systems-and-climate_en?language=en, 
  no , it 's because of the german fisch reinheitsgebot . 
  only water , fish , barley and hops are allowed to be used for fish fingers . 
  that or i 'm think of something completely unrelated ... 
  yeah , why is it so low . 
  i ca n't belive it went below 95 % , 
  i still have the hope that many of the refugees will return to their country of origin once they notice that it 's hard for them to get a job and the peace is restored in their home . 
  but for the most part , that is wishful thinking and indeed merkel wo n't change much concerning the refugee issues . 
  but thankfully the number of new arrivals is going down and rejections are going up ( it 's easy to get accepted if you are a valid case for asylum , but takes longer to prove somebody is not ), 
  then tell me , did germany open the borders of the outside of europe or where did it open the borders ? 
  oh , i know what you mean , merkel ordered our huge non existing border army in greece to stand down and let everybody in ... 
  let me quote you on what you said first :  international law states that refugees must be processed by the nearest neighbouring country i called you out on that because that simply is wrong , even the unhcr page never says must . 
  ( that page for your info is not a legally binding law ) the closest part of that page that goes into the direction is following :  11 . 
  according to this use of the concept , asylum-seekers/refugees may be returned to countries where they have , or could have , sought asylum and where their safety would not be jeopardized , whether in that country or through return there from to the country of origin .
