i reserve the right to have popcorn . 
  afaik , nuclear power plant 's are just not designed to often go from max production down to hot or even cold standby . 
  there are multiple issues with it , mostly condensation and steam production . 
  source : http://engineering.stackexchange.com/questions/7394/why-does-it-take-so-long-to-restart-a-nuclear-power-plant still , i actually like nuclear power if we would invest in more modern and safer reactors and if possible molten salt/thorium reactors to actually get rid of the nuclear waste we already have . 
  well , as france is high on nuclear power that 's pretty much to be expected . 
  sweden produces more than half of it 's energy from hydroelectric sources which simply is n't possible on the cheap in germany . 
  switzerland has the same advantage and produces 56 % hydroelectric power . 
  and the next biggest source is again nuclear power with 39 % . 
  so no , if you want to compare , those countries are simply the wrong ones , since we do n't have the same possibilities from the get go . 
  now of course it 's debatable if going the same way as france would be right and invest in nuclear power again , sadly nuclear power and wind energy do n't work well together . 
  edit : source i took that data from was wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_switzerland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_sweden and in the first page the average co2 production per capita has decreased from 10.6 to 9.2 tons/year from 1995 till 2013 , sadly no real difference was made in the last 5 years . 
  brb , got ta get some soft cushions . 
  maybe also a comfy chair . 
  as even ceta , which is a better deal than ttip and people could argue over if it 's worth it , is currently on hold because a part of belgium does n't want to accept it , the chances of ttip are low . 
  ahh yes , the special deal norway ( and iceland ) made with the eu concerning the eea which excludes agriculture and fisheries from the free access . 
  my question however is , is there any protection in norway from some international company just opening local factories with low health standards ? 
  again , that is a serious question , i try to search for the answers myself , but it 's hard to find good resources since i ca n't speak the norwegian language . 
  what does this have to do with the eu ? 
  and yes i 'm seriously asking , since i do n't know of anything specific that would prevent norway if it were in the eu from signing bills that reduce/prevent antibiotic use . 
  for comparison in germany there are rules for the use of antibiotics in farm animals : https://www.bmel.de/en/animals/animalhealth/_texte/antibiotics-in-agriculture.html truth be told though , dunno if they work . 
  no they do n't , human rights are not something we just throw away at our leisure . 
  they are exactly that because they count for everyone , forever , even if they are considered terrorists . 
  also , that man has just lost his brother , who he most likely never knew as terrorist and only as his younger brother and he might even consider that he was framed and maybe that the suicide was n't a suicide at all . 
  what you are doing is just vilifying somebody without knowing anything at all , which is exactly that kind of thought that brought us into this stupid mess the world is in right now . 
  btw : as you just called for his death for what he was saying , in turn the same should happen to you by your logic . 
  so , if the people of the uk democratically vote to have you executed/exiled/put into prison/castrated you are fine with ? 
  well , there is one problem with what you are saying : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority what you are saying is basically that the minority does n't count when the majority decides something , which is an inherent problem of democracies . 
  or for example in another way : as the uk is part of the world and the eu , and basically the whole world and the eu think of the brexit as a stupid idea , there is no need to even hold a vote in the uk , as the uk itself is only a minority and therefore does n't count . 
  let them have their vote , and if the vote indeed shows that what the polls say is true , then it 's fine . 
  if not , then you are just pushing the will of the majority down the minorities throat . 
  the problem still remains that you can fix statistics of that type in every way you want . 
  take this chart for example , which was the first result when i googled `` average weekly work hours by country '' http://fortune.com/2015/11/11/chart-work-week-oecd/ their numbers are vastly different from the ones in chart previously linked . 
  like greece goes from 42 to 39,3 hours weekly and germany goes from 35,3 to 26,3 . 
  as in the chart i linked it is noted of who is included ( which is basically everyone ) , it is highly likely that what you think that only full time employees were counted in the first char is correct . 
  but on the flip side it means that there is a huge portion of people in germany who work part time . 
  in the end however it is completely meaningless : full time workers in greece work the most hours per week . 
  is that good ? 
  large portion of people in germany are only working part time . 
  is this good ? 
  with statistics of that type i always wonder what the database behind it is . 
  for example , do you count those people that work part time ? 
  like , a family with children where 1 person works 40 hours a week and the other one does n't work compared to the case where the other person works 20 hours a week . 
  does that mean in the first case the average is now at 40 hours and in the second case the average is 30 hours ? 
  yeah , when i heard a story about how a well meant call of an ambulance destroyed somebody financially in the us is was pretty shocked . 
  ( and i heard the figure of 5000 for an ambulance ride ), 
  if you add time to the mix , plates and time have everything to do with continents, 
  of course , pedophilia and rape are the most damning and career ending accusations that there are , even if the accused is 100 % innocent . 
  but in this case the 1000 $ is in the end an admission of guilt . 
  it 's not that there was nothing there , but the circumstances do n't warrant a more serious punishment anymore . 
  like when my mother was accused of a hit 'n' run in a parking garage . 
  just leaving an accident scene if you are responsible can carry a prisontime of up to 3 years ( 5 years if somebody was injured ) in germany . 
  but because of certain circumstances ( my grandfather had died 10 minutes earlier ) and because she did contact the police within 1 day the criminal proceedings were ended with a 500 $ fine . 
  that actually happens more often than you think . 
  for instance the npd in saxony often called for capital punishments for pedophiles . 
  they had 12 members in the city council from 2004-2009 ( afaik the only period they had members in the council ) in 2006 one of those 12 people had his house raided because of suspicions of owning child pornography and in 2009 paid 1000 $ for ending the trial . 
  happens with other things as well , like firefighters who actually start fires . 
  and it 's already happening . 
  there have been multiple reports of people deliberately jumping in front of self driving cars to test how they respond . 
  i would guess they did n't jump in right in front , but still close enough so that the ai has to step in , in case the pedestrian with unknown intentions did n't stop . 
  and those people did n't think about the safety of the passengers , in case there were reactions programmed in that for example meant a collision at slow pace of the car with the tree is better than a collision at a slow pace with a pedestrian . 
  mrs may says the ride never ends, 
  no , have n't you heard , once the gulf stream stops erm , . . streaming europe in general will become way colder , it could even mean a new ice age . 
  i heard that from al gore , so it must be true . 
  now my solution obviously is to burn all the fuel and raise the temperature even higher , so that the ice age + global warming equalizes in europe while the rest of the world ... i do n't care . 
  to be fair , that is a pretty common joke about france here in germany , even before 2001 . 
  in my eyes the retarded `` freedom fries '' thing only made me look at france in a better light in that people have the spine to say no to the us . 
  of course that does n't mean i wo n't make stupid jokes about france ( hurr durr surrender ... ) , but as long as we in europe just throw shit at each other with words , i 'm all for it . 
  ( that means at least we 're not yet throwing bombs at each other again ... ), 
  somebody has to pay for bailing them out and that somebody is either the investor or the tax payer . 
  and included in the tax payers are the ones who do n't earn enough to even have a retirement savings account , which means you punish those people who had nothing to do with those problems . 
  in germany we have a system where saving accounts up to 100k $ are backed by all other banks . 
  the system is designed in such a way that 1 mayor bank can go bankrupt ( but not more ) and all banks have to pay into that insurance system . 
  so , you got another solution that does n't mean that we are basically going the capitalists dream of privatizing profits and nationalizing losses ? 
  of course there are consequences . 
  but why do you need to save the bank if you can take the same money and save the investors ? 
  for example , i invest 1000 $ into a bank and the bank goes bankrupt . 
  now the ecb/government/whatever could just save the bank and give them 1000 $ for that investment or what i would prefer , let the bank die , but give me my 1000 $ back . 
  ( maybe as free money , or a loan without interest or something else ) everybody needs to be held accountable , i am , you are and so should a bank be . 
  if you just bail out banks because they are important that sets a bad example : after all , why should i manage risks and invest soundly with moderate earnings if i could just go big enough that somebody else has to pay for stupid risks taken that did n't work out for me ? 
  in that case : get some popcorn , a cold beer , sit in your most confy chair and enjoy the show . 
  if you wait for the apocalypse you might as well have a good time . 
  now that i think about it , even if it 's not the apocalypse you might wan na have a good time . 
  but is n't that the way it should be ? 
  if banks fail because they made mistakes ( like the deutsche bank ) it 's important to actually let them fail . 
  like a bush fire , you need to let them burn ( in a controlled fashion if possible ) so that the fuel is n't available for the next fire anymore , which then would be only bigger . 
  it would be absolutely doable , but do we really want to ? 
  you need to remember that if you do nationalize the bank , the previous investors could sue germany for the loss they received , even if the loss was gon na happen either way . 
  as i said , if the deutsche bank indeed needs to be saved , i 'd rather it would go away and we just support the investors . 
  after all at that point the bank did prove that it was not working on a solid foundation . 
  let 's see if your points hold up : ~ 350 leopard 2 tanks ( half of which were build in greece ) cost about 6 million per unit so 2.1 billion total . 
  7 million g3 were produced in total with a price of about 1000 $ . 
  lets assume all were bought by greece so 7 billion in total . 
  greece had about 1 million people work in the public sector . 
  as i ca n't get the total number of sold callcenters or german cars in greece let 's assume everybody got a 1000 $ telephone ( 500 for the telephone and 500 for the server hardware ) and a mercedes e-class amg e 43 4matic ( the highest priced model ) at 75k $ . 
  with that totaly unrealistic number we get 76 ( 75 +1 ) billion . 
  everything you said combined with numbers that are way over the top we get 85,1 billion $ so no , 85,1 billion once does n't even compare to 20 billion each year . 
  and we can go further , if you do n't buy a leopard 2 , a g3 , a siemens telephone and a mercedes you still need to buy something else . 
  lets assume those items would be 25 % cheaper . 
  so with that calculation greece paid ~ 22 billion too much in total . 
  or 1 year worth of tax evasion .
