  certainly sounds like it !, 
  schnell schnell , a foreign angriff on our glorious sauerkraut , we have to defend ourselfs . 
  yeah , it 's totally nuts to abide by rules laid out in the constitution . 
  that mainly started with bild ( tabloid ) claiming that early retirement was common in greece . 
  and to be fair it was at the time rather common that elders retire early . 
  but when stating that fact , you also have to state the reason , as greece did n't have the type of social security that germany has . 
  and early retirement meant that at least there 's some money going your way instead of nothing . 
  there are some holes in your plan , just like cheese mmmmmmm, 
  you claim that they do n't have a positive impact . 
  you wan na know my proof , as i previously said the local farmers are still working their fields , even the ones that are harder to work on . 
  more fields worked on equals more total food production equals more food security , simple as that . 
   no authority over economic theory . 
  you do n't get the point do you ? 
  economic theory does not apply if you do not care about the economics and only about security against factors that you can not control with money , as in drought , famine and the like . 
  these subsidies have a simple goal : keep our local farmers on the field . 
  you are right now saying that we do n't need that because we never had a famine in modern times . 
  the same argument therefore would be that we do n't need to worry about asteroids hitting the earth because none destroyed a city yet and economic theory therefore says it 's wasted money to plan any defense . 
   please provide evidence that your claim is true , and no that farmers still exist is not evidence . 
  you yourself provide no evidence that without subsidies we in europe have our food security not impacted . 
  so my evidence simply is article 39 of the lisbon treaty : http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-the-functioning-of-the-european-union-and-comments/part-3-union-policies-and-internal-actions/title-iii-agriculture-and-fisheries/181-article-39.html and there point 1b and 1e :  ( d ) to assure the availability of supplies ; ( e ) to ensure that supplies reach consumers at reasonable prices . 
  so have have the official law on my side that indeed food security through subsidies is considered a valid point . 
  and you keep going on about costs , which is , and i state this again , is not an issue that matters to food security . 
  if you take a pure financial viewpoint , as most economists are doing , then of course it is stupid . 
  the point is , food security is deemed more important than getting the cheapest food . 
  otherwise if there is a mayor drought in one of the foreign countries that usually export , and the local government stops all export , the eu could n't just ramp up the production in time . 
  and the evidence about food subsidies doing what i say , the evidence is everywhere around me , farmers are still working the fields even while food from external sources is cheaper . 
  no , china is exporting their steel for cheap with subsidies everywhere . 
  and i think their goal is n't to destroy their competition , but to simply keep their factories open and people employed . 
  same reason we are taxing them . 
  indeed that was one of my first questions . 
  having such a chart just screams for agenda pushing , only 3 colours , strange percentages ( 12 % for first colour , 8 % for second and 80 % above ) looking at the original data ( link below the graphic on http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-eurostat-news/-/edn-20170811-1 ) you see that the values actually range from 5,4 % all the way to 34,7 % . 
  which means that the first color has a range of ~ 7 % , the second 12 % and the last of ~ 15 % . 
  it 's not an idiotic move depending on what your goals are . 
  for example we do the same with agriculture in the eu , subsidizing exports and taxing imports . 
  that keeps european farms going and thus ensures our food supply which should be one of the most basic goals of every single nation . 
  steel also is a rather essential resource , do we want to be 100 % dependant on foreign countries ? 
  if not we need to make sure that local ones survive . 
  let 's compare it to so many silicon valley startups like \u00dcber , their goal is to destroy their competition with prices that are not covering the cost and thus making huge losses . 
  but once they have successfully destroyed their competitors the prices will go way up , higher that they would be with a fair competition . 
  if you then think that a new company can undercut them , uber will simply undercut them in turn in the region the competitor is active until they are gonne . 
  actually it is important to check the sources of news items that are posted . 
  for example there was a topic about how a gay couple from croatia ( ? ), 
  currently requesting asylum in germany was beaten close to death by other refugees . 
  then i checked the source , which went back to a single facebook video . 
  checked google news for similar items , all going back to said facebook post . 
  not a single trusted news organisation was covering it . 
  also i found a less censored picture of 1 part of the video , showing a patient in a hospital , where you could easily guess that the injuri was a broken nose , so much for beaten close to death . 
  it 's important to find reputable sources for news , makes it easier to discern fake from true news . 
  now that 's a fast lisbon . 
  if we take the average temperature of 20 \u00b0 c at 0m above sea level we get an awesome 2470 km/h . 
  as earth is turning at just 1669,8 km/h in the equatorial region that lisbon is traveling backwards in space-time !, 
  science !, 
  in my opinion , it would have been better to do 2 consecutive referendums with a simple majority requirement a few years appart . 
  the basic idea behind this is is slight advantage to the status quo , as most times the status quo is in general ok for most people , even if there seems to be a better option available . 
  in brexit terms it would mean that while you 're in the eu you know where you are , might not be the best solution but it 's ok in general , with having the option available to leave . 
  leaving the eu might look like a better option , but nobody really knows , and rejoining the eu after a brexit will take time and most likely not restore the status quo ( in that the uk wo n't get anything like the current deal anymore ) but , it 's just an observation in hindsight , nothing more . 
  actually yes you let them burn and only try to stop it if you have a very good reason for it . 
  smaller fires are good for nature , it removes the fuel for later ones and thus prevents large forest fires . 
  also after a fire there 's a period of increased growth where other plants besides trees have a chance to flourish for a while . 
  indeed , the jurisdiction always falls to the place where the crime is commited . 
  it did n't prevent the us from executing 2 brothers who were 18-20 at the time just because they were german . 
  no , we just honor different states independance and sovereignty . 
  iraq has a judical system and laws , they should apply them accordingly to everybody on their soil , regardless of their country of origin . 
  germany does n't interfer with judical descisions from other countries just because the prosecuted is german . 
  only in the case of the death penalty we use our political capital . 
  for reference take this case in the us about two german citizens who were executed . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/1999/03/05/us/us-execution-of-german-stirs-anger.html at the time of their crime they were i think 18 and 20 . 
  we as the west did n't abandon them , they abandoned everything the west stands for when joining isis . 
  of course it 's also very important to know the delta-v you can get out of that impulse , as just kilogramseconds would mean unlimited power over enough time . 
  so we need to know the mass of 2 seperate rocks , as you need 1 rock to propell the other . 
  unless of course if you are sacrificing parts of a single large rock f\u00fcr propulsion . 
  as i said , it 's unlikely that she will get the death penalty . 
  and there is enough time for interference by germany in the penalty after it has been decided . 
  ( as in you do n't ask for a pardon before the judgement was even said ) also , she will get the most fair trial possible in iraq at the moment , as she is a underage foreign national and the world is watching . 
  the courts in iraq will be very carefull about their conduct . 
  and in that sense she is very lucky , as for adults ( 18 + males ) the trials are short and the punishments harsh . 
  that is fair , but she is not in the hands of germany , therefore we ca n't deport her or anything . 
  and i do n't think that the prosecutors in iraq even demand the death penalty , as it would create tensions between germany and iraq . 
  however , she is in iraq , she commited crimes in iraq , therefore she should be judged in iraq . 
  iraq is a sovereign nation and therefore they should judge crimes commited on their soil themselves . 
  if she did n't want to be under a foreign jurisdiction , she should n't have left germany . 
  if she did n't want to face way longer sentences she should n't have left germany . 
  if she did n't want the possibility of dieing in an armed conflict , she should n't have left germany for a war torn country . 
  yeah , the christians were great in that . 
  if you mean the analoge in islam to that word , it 's kafir . 
  it 's called schadenfreude in germany , you should definately invent a word for it , it 's sometimes a really good feeling . 
  not this single altered speech , the spd has a long history of going against what their voters want or what they say during the elections . 
  take the 19 % vat , the spd said no change at 16 % , the cdu said 18 % during their campaign , and the end result when the grand coalition happened was 19 % . 
  and this is independant on if i think that change was good . 
  when you give your word , you should stick to it . 
  the spd just is n't a reliable party in my eyes , whereas the cdu , even if i disagree with their position , tends to stick to their promises . 
  that i can work with . 
   besides this , look at big germany building projects now listen , we germans are perfectly able to fubar up those projects without the help of corruption . 
  i mean corruption can help to up the time and costs , but even without it we can do it . 
  we are that good at creating regulations after regulations that change the requirements mid construction while running contrary to each other , 
  erm , you got that wrong . 
  it is n't real socialism , communism is what you get when you start the change but stop at half point . 
  hey , mister mustache man did proclaim a thousand year reich , just that the context is a tiny bit different to what he wanted . 
  just austerity things . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if that would be the case in the long run .
