  everything else is heresy against the time honored tradition of filling out forms without question ( or thinking for that matter ) like the income tax report . 
  oh damn , i just remembered , did i attach annex n to my income tax form , i hope so . 
  not that the special unit of investigations of correct form filing comes over and puts me into a reeducation camp for doing it wrong . 
  yeah , i know what he meant , but seriously , comparing poland to turkey is just stupid . 
  everybody knows what poland has pretty good relations with the us , after all it 's one of the countries that did n't fuck it over in it 's history . 
  wtf ? 
  seriously wtf are you talking about ? 
  the only part in resolution 2231 about missiles is this :  iran is called upon not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using such ballistic missile technology , until the date eight years after the jcpoa adoption day or until the date on which the iaea submits a report confirming the broader conclusion , whichever is earlier now about those missiles , iran claims they are just conventional ones not designed to carry nuclear weapons . 
  and if they in reality are , as most would speculate , there 's still the issue of the wording of the resolution , as top diplomats agree that it is not legally binding . 
  [ source : http://www.dw.com/en/iran-missile-tests-defied-un-resolution-say-us-and-european-allies/a-19149402?maca=en-rss-en-all-1573-rdf] again , what you seem to propose , more sanctions , did not work in north korea , why should it suddenly work in iran ? 
  or do you mean an attack on iran , because attacking me countries has been soooo successful at nation building in the past ... 
   for russia to free them you mean russian tourists, 
  same for me , 51 % . 
  that said , with 3 choices each , that is above average if you would just pick at random . 
  most likely because it is the default meaning , as in the word german in german death camps with relations to the holocaust is redundant . 
  personaly i 'm ok with it , but i think some people would feel like the current germans are blamed for the death camps if it 's worded that way . 
  if you then instead say nazi death camps , all reasonable people should be ok with it . 
  iran testing ballistic missiles , so what ? 
  there is no un backed resolution on iran due to it 's missile program . 
  now , you absolutely might say that it 's not in the interrest of the us , eu or israel that iran does have those types of weapon , but every country has the right to develope weapons ( with certain exceptions , mostly nbc ) the time we as the west finaly start talking with iran on an even level , is the day when the world and especially the middle east will become a safer place . 
  well , he omited the part about the us installing the shah , which is an important part . 
  or that after the revolution the us supplied iraq with weapons ( including chemical ) to attack iran . 
  or that a triggerhappy us captain william rogers shot down an iranian civilian airplane with 290 people , then went on to give him a medal for his service and to this day never said sorry . 
  so , if anything iran would be in the right to impose sanctions on the us . 
  and , as north korea has proven , having nuclear weapons is a great way to make sure that the us is n't fucking with your own country . 
  and that is why working with iran , not against it , is the only way to stop it from arming itself with nuclear weapons . 
  if they are not constantly threatened by outside force there is no need for it , especially if we show them that working with us will improve their situation . 
  there are many legal issues that have to be checked . 
  one of the more problematic is that she did most likely commit crimes in iraq that could result in the death penalty . 
  and iraq , however failed a state it is , is a sovereign nation that can ( and should ) punish crimes that happened in it 's jurisdiction itself . 
  there are germans in prison in other countries aswell . 
  now , i think that most likely , as long as germany wants them back , iraq will return them , even if just as a showing of goodwill or because they would be spared the expenses . 
   iran wait , new sanctions against iran , why ? 
  as long as they keep their word , so should the us . 
  how dare you , you are not belgian !, 
  germany does too . 
  after all saudi arabia is a great business opportunity , why let a few human rights violations get in the way of that . 
  that said , it 's one of the more stable countries in the region , we have enough failed states as is . 
  say what you will about saddam hussein , isis would have never had a chance with him beeing in power . 
  sometimes i wonder if the freedom the people of iraq gained was worth the lifes that have been lost since hussein was removed from power . 
  there is always a bigger fish . 
  but you did , and how you did it solves both problems ( kinda ) . 
  dak van brabant , used to be a garbage dump , now 60m high . 
  and as garbage dumps normaly produce heat you now have your volcano for geothermal energy , especially if you build a high enough dump , 
  for most presidents , this would be a sick burn , but trump just does n't care ... 
  hear that iceland , call the dutch for help and polder up a new island somewhere closer to europe . 
  well , you wo n't like what taxes i would axe , corporate tax . 
  it 's only a minor income anyway ( vat and income tax are 300b combined , corporate is 70b ) . 
  instead vat or income tax would have to be increased . 
  there are many positives to it , no need for tax havens , easier company setup , companies pay taxes where profit is made ( vat ) so fairer on the eu wide scale . 
  but , the downside is that all eu countries would have to do the same , countries not following the same are at an disadvantage . 
  maybe , but i think in general in germany people like to buy items that will continue to work a long time . 
  i watched a canadian tv show ( cbs marketplace ) where people were complaining about short lived kitchen appliances like fridges and ovens , with an expected lifetime of 8 year ( including repairs ) . 
  such items do n't fly in germany as long as we can choose . 
  so besides germany cars , you also see a large number of cars from asian manufacturers where the common consensus is that they are good for a long while , unlike american cars ( including opel , i could have thrown my 8 year old astra away due to a broken transmission , thankfully cheap replacement from poland to the rescue ), 
  it think that does play in part into it . 
  though all the money spend in east germany after reunification did mostly go into infrastructure . 
  and in case there is a labor shortage , if low/non skilled workers are required , we do have accepted refugees that could fill those jobs . 
  ( if we need skilled workers , nope , maybe import from poland even more ... ), 
  or besides a real bailout of greece , there could be an indirect bailout : simply set the interrest of those bonds to 0.000001 % . 
  that would be far easier to explain to german taxpayers than a straight out bailout , even if the result is the same . 
   then what are we arguing about ? 
  maybe i did n't put it out quite as clear as i could . 
  it does matter in the sense that no other person has to commit a murder . 
  but for the punishment side it does n't matter as the result is the same in both cases . 
  now i agree with you , some people do deserve death . 
  but to become a murderer execute the judgement is something that i find unacceptable if it can be avoided . 
  i would n't be so sure about lobbying being responsible for the blanket exemption being made in the law . 
  that part was introduced in the 1994 version of the article . 
  and i can actually understand why an exemption would have to be made , as the penalties are very harsh ( up to 3 years of prison ) and can reasonable be applied to car owners that just have an defective catalytic converter . 
  edit : btw , i 'm not saying that there is no lobbying going on , of course there is . 
  and as the car industry is a giant job creator they do get an enormous say . 
  but i do n't think that the politicians are corrupt enough to willfully give such a blanket check if they knew about the ramifications . 
  of course it was . 
  but i bet either nobody even noticed that there is n't a law for it or they thought it wo n't happen . 
  ( when something bad happened and you have 2 explanations , malice or incompetence , most times it 's the later one . ), 
  because there is a law against polluting the environment , but there is an exemption for car , motorcycles , ships , ... in it . 
  if you say it like that way it is correct . 
  but what i replied to was a generalization that converts are ( all is implied ) more radical . 
  but even if you ignore my argument about people who do n't actually care about religion , there are still many ( maybe most ) who are n't radical . 
  see for example that pretty much failed `` nicht mit uns '' protest by muslims in cologne ( where instead of 10k people , only 200-600 were counted ) , many of them were converts . 
  but that is exactly what justice is about . 
  what happened in the past did happen . 
  you can not change it . 
  you can only influence the future and try to prevent further and possibly undo the damage . 
  killing people in the us ( where there is a very good legal system ) takes huge sums of money , more than putting people in prison for the rest of their life . 
  so the death penalty indirectly damages ( due to expenses ) society more than the alternative . 
  at the end of the life sentence , the person will still die . 
  does it matter if the death is natural or a murder ? 
  does it matter that it takes 20 or 50 years ? 
  for me no it does n't, 
  well , for instance as a man you can not marry a muslim woman unless you are a muslim yourself . 
   guess what , mega corporations everywhere behave awfully , german ones too . 
  that was exactly what i said , germany is n't pretending that german companies are holy . 
  about the rest , laws are in general reactive , as normally laws are passed to prevent something ( that was deemed wrong/immoral ) from happening again . 
  so things can and do happen that are not against the law at the time but later are . 
  but the law does not allow such cases to be put on trial . 
  it 's the only needed argument , as it 's an inherent problem and not fixable . 
  but you can go even further than that , if somebody really was guilty . 
  as we already established that killing a person is wrong ( otherwise there would n't be any laws about murder ) the only reason to kill another person is to prevent another murder .
