  notice the word `` may '' , before the asylum seekers can even arrive in germany there are many countries in between that decided to not use that possibility to send them back in the chain or process their asylum request . 
  but let 's follow with that train of thought , so people requesting asylum arrive in germany and we want to send them back , that is only possible if we a knew where they passed the border and b the country accepts them back . 
  so for the sake of argument both are true , and we send all back to austria . 
  now the same applies to austria , but they no longer know where the refugees passed the border and the neighboring countries therefore refuse to take them back ( after all those were not `` their '' refugees ) so you just moved the problem to another country which has less resources to deal with the problem . 
  the only way for this not to happen is if we get all refugees at the outer border of the eu , namely in greece when the crisis was in full effect . 
  greece at the time was simply not able to process them all . 
  you could say that turkey is required to take them all in , but if the refugees do n't want to , they are not required to request asylum there . 
  and once they crossed the border to greece ( or bulgaria ) , do you really think that turkey will just take them all back ? 
  and remember the refugee deal germany has with turkey , turkey was n't required to take that deal ( and has been using it as a bargaining reason ) , so that should be enough to tell you how much of that `` asylum-seekers/refugees may be returned to countries '' is an international law that must be respected . 
  those are n't asylum seekers anyway , they are economic migrants so their chance to be granted asylum are close to zero anyway . 
  again , the people with valid reasons for requesting asylum can do it in whichever country they like . 
  the passage you quoted simply says that no penalties can be applied to people requesting asylum for entering a country illegally , if they have a good cause for it , which requesting asylum is . 
  edit : to clarify it even more , it does not require the people requesting asylum to do so in the first country . 
  it 's not that i disagree with what you said , it 's that what you said is factually wrong . 
  also , at no time did i say that i want economic migrants , that they are our friends or anything . 
  so , again , stop making stuff up . 
  germany did n't invite people requesting asylum , when merkel decided to not close the borders , they were already in europe . 
  that sounds reasonable , but i 'm not really sure any of the 5 countries near the mediterranen sea ( where the refugee boats are launching ) would be willing to have such camps in their countries , unless we pay big money for it . 
  after all it 's foreign soil , and some countries are n't even willing to take their own citizens back . 
  the good cause is requesting asylum , so no penalties can be applied . 
  but there is n't such a part as `` first safe country of passage '' in international treaties . 
  check for example this article to a question about how asylum seekers can reasonably request asylum in the uk . 
  that would n't work sadly . 
  say you are an economic migrant , would you be willingly enter such a refugee camp in morocco , algeria , tunisia , libya or egypt ? 
  no of course not , because nearly no valid asylum seekers would be in those countries or travel there . 
  people seeking asylum from syria or iraq have a far better/shorter route to europe available via turkey . 
  but at the same time , i do n't think economic migrants would try to get to potential refugee camps in turkey , as they would have to cross syria or iraq to get there . 
  on first thought that sounds like a reasonable solution . 
  however , especially in germany that would bring up very negative feelings due to a possible connection with concentration camps . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  there is nothing in international law that asylum needs to be processed in the nearest neighboring country . 
  source : http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/index.html article 14 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution . 
  ( 2 ) this right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  stop making stuff up you have clearly never read about . 
  ah yes , baby seal screams , you ca n't get better quality than those . 
  though i wonder , are those renewable screams ? 
  not that we run out in the near future . 
  it is , even in germany . 
  but sadly we ca n't see if a migrant is a refugee or an economic migrant at a glance . 
  so first we have to offer them shelter until we can be certain of their status . 
  and just for context , these are the statistics of denied and canceled asylum requests in germany ( in 2017 about 55 % were not granted asylum ) : https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/197867/umfrage/abgelehnte-asylantraege-in-deutschland/, 
  there is a difference between the person and the position he holds . 
  my comment was targeting the person itself , not the position ( as obviously the president of the usa has the biggest and most advanced military to his disposal ) now look at how he is handling himself : somebody sais he has small hands , he sends a letter with a circled copy to whoever said it year after year . 
  he is preasured by the press , his reaction is to declare them fake news . 
  his staff inject his name into documents so that he actually reads them . 
  all those are not signs of a great leader , without context i would think it 's a child . 
  i could stretch it and say the us kinda did , but i ca n't blame the us for the reason of why we have to accept migrants . 
  actually i would thank the us for the reason . 
  and the reason is our grundgesetz , which was a result of the lessons learned in ww2 . 
  which i quite frankly think is the best constitution i know of . 
  ( so thank you usa for that ) the grundgesetz requires us to take in people requesting protection and judge every individual on his/her own . 
  so yes we have to accept migrants until it is decided if they will be granted asylum or rejected ( economic migrants ) that is literally a result of the first article of the grundgesetz , ignoring it would mean we are hypocrites . 
  quite frankly at this point : no . 
  the only way in which i can nowadays see peace there is if either israel or palestine cease to exist . 
  and both options are undesirable , obviously . 
  however , i ca n't really say that what we currently have is a success . 
  israel itself yes , but only if you completly ignore the issue with palestine . 
  ( and the forever conflict/war going on ), 
  why would/should siemens care ? 
  they have sold their turbines . 
  and there is no law that prohibits anybody from reselling something . 
  to you ( and many others ) it might feel wrong , but in law we ca n't go with feelings but with facts . 
  if the laws are circumvented they need to be changed . 
  i would guess it is because some people feel that trump is trying to destroy the eu by not visiting germany first or something . 
  truth be told if i had a choice between a country that supported me versus a country that opposes me and i was so unsure about myself that i need all the positive reinforcement i can get , the choice is easy . 
  and trump is a weakling , he tries to talk tough , but all i can see in him is somebody with huge insecurities . 
  actually , it 's easy to argue that the country represented by donald trump ( the usa ) is the reason for the terrorist issues we have . 
  the ussr invades afghanistan , the us supplies weapons to `` terrorists/freedom fighters '' and trains osama bin laden . 
  everybody knows how this turned out . 
  the people of iran revolt against a us backed dictator , the us arms irak with saddam hussein who wages a long and bloody war against iran . 
  that is until saddam started to attack kuwait , at which point the us attack irak but leave hussein in power . 
  while a dicator , hussein keeps the country `` stable '' until the us start an illegal attack war and remove him from power , leaving a weak government and army behind . 
  this vacuum of control was taken up by isil ( isis/is ) . 
  and syria , where the great idea was during a civil war to arm and support the governmen opposition , which did prolong the war and again gave isil another opportunity to grow . 
  ( the us is not the primary issue , but they did n't help either ) is there any country in the middle east where us actions resulted in good ? 
  remember . 
  you are the product of facebook . 
  ( the only customers facebook has are into advertisement and big data ), 
  that actually could be a big problem as a 2/3rds mayority is required for changes to the grundgesetz to pass . 
  now as 393 out of 623 voted for homosexual marriage it does not reach that required mark . 
  sometimes i wonder what else you could vote ? 
  * afd absolutely not . 
  * spd they broke their campaign promises so often , i do n't have any idea what they even stand for anymore * greens they have reached everything the party was created for , right now it seems like they are missing a mission . 
  ( so at least kinda voteable ) * fdp yeah right , their method for solving problems is taking more poison that is creating problems in the first place . 
  * linke still have too many people that consider communism a good idea . 
  * piraten i do n't think they can recover . 
  * npd yeah fuck you . 
  in the end , the cdu seems to be at least a party that has values and tries to keep their promises . 
  even if they stand for solutions to problems that i do n't agree with . 
  but the result is the same , in the end both parents have full custody of the child with the same perks and responsibilities as a non gay couple . 
  now , is that additional step necessary , no of course not . 
  but it 's hardly a high priority issue we are facing in germany and also it 's a thing that will be corrected in the future either way . 
  ( either because the law will be changed or because somebody challenges the current law all the way to the bundesverfassungsgericht who will rule the law unconstitutional ), 
  from the page itself in the part that you can open up . 
  so basically , while there is 1 certain hurdle involved , if a gay couple wants to adopt a child they can , even if they have to do the additional step of first adopting a child as a single person and then extend the custody to the second parent . 
  oh , i do n't stop at just gay couples . 
  for me the issues is that married couples gain certain rights in the eyes of the law . 
  for instance that they can share their income and that if only 1 partner works the taxes are reduced . 
  the same goes for health insurance costs , which the non working partner get 's free .
