  that way the income f\u00fcr normal workers should increase ( but let 's be real , not to the point where at the end of the day the income after tax is the same , it will at first be lower ) and each country really does get the share of the money that was created on it 's land . 
  [ triple denim you said ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dmuo-8s_0wg?t=1m16s ), 
  if you would replace those aluminium panels it would pretty good . 
  but that building is now protected for it 's cultural heritage , so no changing the shell . 
  also , in this case , ugly is indeed beautiful for how well the bundesverfassungsgericht has judged in the interest of the public . 
  wow , such a non news article . 
  why do i say that ? 
  because the risk to girls born to native germans stays basically the same . 
  but the risk to girl from migrants is actually less in germany than what the chances would have been if the parents stayed in their country of origin . 
  so basically , the risk per girl has gone down . 
  ( still does n't excuse any single case , it 's quite frankly barbaric ), 
  let me be quite frank of why north stream happened : ukraine why is that ? 
  because your country stole gas from the already existing pipeline and your dispute with russia put germany 's energy supply at risk . 
  no country that is depending on imported fuel will just continue with the status quo instead of looking for dependable sources . 
  and russia , with all the bad shit they are doing , has never questioned that they will supply gas to germany . 
  and no other solution besides north stream would have have been designed to give ukraine any control again on the fuel we receive . 
  be it imported via pipelines , via ship or whatever . 
  the only country which also suffered because of that was poland , but why even risk it ? 
  got ta love the european definition of venomous : pain and fever . 
  now the australian definition would set those as : mildly iritating, 
  you heretic , r\u00f8mer is the one true scale to measure them all !, 
  even without that tube , we already did develope that , was called the transrapid . 
  it was so successfull that no track was build in germany and we sold the tech to china because it just was too expensive . 
  brb , i 'll migrate to finland . 
  where do you live / u/notonbroccori , it sounds like a nice place to move to . 
  ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ anschluss ^ ^ there ^ ^ a ^ ^ bit, 
  maybe infant and child mortatlity . 
  as the average life expectancy is hugely dependant on it . 
  for example in ancient egypt the average lifespan was 19 years . 
  but those who survived infancy had an average of 30 years . 
  ha , at least for me that does n't lead to any difference . 
  i 'll die to colon cancer at 65 anyway , take that statistics !, 
  oh wait , that is n't really positive for me , damn you genes !, 
  my opinion is that corporate tax should be set to 0 % . 
  in germany the coporate tax is only a minor part to the tax income as is , with 70b or so while vat and income tax is at over 300b . 
  as a countermeasure for the lost tax we would need to increase vat or income tax . 
  this would instantly solve all the corporate tax evasion and enable fair competition of the countries without tax havens or anything . 
  does n't nbc protection also protect the crew from co2 and co ? 
  it 's ok , nazi germany also did n't keep its plans secret and look how succ ... oh wait , nevermind, 
  actually , it 's perfectly reasonable when trying to reach a deal to start with overinflated values and then reduce them slowly . 
  it 's an essential part of negotiation . 
  however , it 's entirely different to start from a standpoint of no or nothing , as that conveys a message of beeing unwilling to engage in negotiation on that matter . 
  if the uk started from a position of at least something , then you can move on . 
  quite frankly , tell poland or any other eastern eu country that the infrastructure projects have to be delayed/canceled because of brexit / unwilling uk leadership to compromise and you 'll know how likely it is that all 27 agree to the exit deal . 
  indeed , there is one issue with that however . 
  if you tell the people up front that there would be a second referendum in case leave was the result of the first run , protest votes become a problem ( in that people want to stay , but dislike the status quo and use the referendum to point it out ) . 
  an absolutely valid reason to vote leave , but it basically removes the validity of the first vote in representing what the people want . 
  in general i would agree , and what the right format for such a big descision is , is hard to find out . 
  i would say there could be a good reason for repeating the referendum , in that a vote for stay can easily be changed by a vote for leave just 5 years down the line , but rejoining the eu would take decades . 
  and because car comparisions are always bad , here 's one . 
  you and your family drive in a car and have a vote on staying on the highway or moving of into a swamp for some offroading . 
  while you stay on the highway you will always have to option to go offroading into the swamp , but once you decide to do it , there 's the chance you get stuck and ca n't get back on the highway without a huge delay . 
  ( edit : or a more formal way : 2 states a and b. 
  from state a you can go to a and b with 50/50 chance . 
  from state b you can go to state a with a 25 % chance and to b with 75 % chance . 
  play it long enough and you have a high chance to be in b , even if you start at a ), 
  can i just say , the difference between 50.1 % and 99.99 is in most cases democracy and dictatorship . 
  yeah , i 'd think in general both sides go way to the extremes in what brexit will mean in the long run . 
  now my opinion as a pro eu guy is obviously that it will be negative , but i do n't think it 'll be that bad ( or that good ) . 
  still , the entertainment i get from some representatives on all fronts ( eu , uk , pro brexit , contra brexit ) is great , 
  they are the most delicious of all sandwiches after all , with 100 % gluten-free green renewable freedom . 
  i did n't , all the links i found were themselves pointing back at the facebook video . 
  but an interresting thing is that both breitbart and milo yiannopoulos also have that as news , but are n't themselves what i would consider reliable or have a different source . 
  edit : is this visible now , because the bot autoremoved this post , did n't like that i had the full breitbart domain name in the text , even if it was n't a link ... 
  if this news would be correct it would seem like the perfect storm . 
  gay people beaten up by ( islamic , not said but everybody thinks that ) refugees for beeing gay . 
  and if something sound too good to be true , there 's a good chance it is . 
  edit : i 've now decided to report this topic , asking it to be tagged as unverfied . 
  no idea if this was the correct way of doing it . 
  ( do n't want it deleted in case somebody finds a reliable source ) edit2 : aaaaand it 's gonne ( at least for me ) , was n't my intention but ok . ( now i 'm wating for people calling censorship ), 
  it was from a post in this thread and i asked the user to link it . 
  but it seems like he just remembered the source wrong and has since removed the bbc part from his post . 
  care to link to the bbc article you mentioned , because i ca n't find it . 
  neither can google . 
  so , did anybody verify that his even happened ? 
  the main source is a facebook video . 
  the video showing the victim does n't show anything . 
  ( if i say it 's from the g20 it could be just as true ) ( here is a better picture btw , with less blur : http://www.queer.de/detail.php?article_id=29263 ) the only specific thing mentioned is that it happened 1 week ago . 
  and rather conveniently the source does n't want to mention the refugee camp , the city , or anything that could help people verify the claim . 
  ( to protect the victims ) also the beaten close to death is wrong even by what the facebook video says , as the victims did n't need any surgery . 
  if anything it looks like a broken nose . 
  so this would be a great scoop for more right wing news organisations , yet none report about it . 
  so for now i call this news bullshit . 
  edit : btw , in case anybody thinks i wan na protect violent/criminal refugees , no fuck them , send them back to their country even if they are not safe there . 
  you wan na get accepted as a refugee , do n't fuck up a single time . 
  austria , to be more exact the gaislachkogl in s\u00f6lden . 
  fun fact , my mother ruptured her lateral ligament 2 days prior , still she went up there . 
  that should show how hard it was , 
  you broke a sweat when climbing a hill ? 
  you must be out of shape . 
  last time i went up a 3km mountain i reached the top barely noticing the work i did . 
  and after i was on top i drank a hot chocolate ... ... in a restaurant . 
  then i went the same way down i went up , with the aerial lift . . 
  oh , does n't your country have that ? 
  in germany vat is different depending on the product . 
  the default is 19 % . 
  most food is reduced at 7 % . 
  and certain other products have a higher/additional tax , alcohol and tobacco for example . 
  i 've have n't said anything about how i would like it to be , just how it is or was when the refugee crisis was at it 's max .
