  create a huge thunderdome and have the asylum seekers go at it battle royale style , until only a small percentage remains that wo n't destroy germany . 
  build rockets around the germany and fly the entire land to the moon . 
  we need so many workers on the moon , even low/non skilled workers . 
  and if there is n't enough work there , there still is mars ... 
  but let 's go back to real talk here , we have the grundgesetz to abide by and i think that the rules inscribed there are great and very reasonable to follow . 
  your solutions are to throw it away , so instead of a chance that germany might be different in 50 years you rather solve it by making sure it is different now . 
  way to go ... 
  as the it department lead of a smaller public entity i can direct call that wishful thinking and bullshit on many points . 
  first lets start with platform independent web applications , they are not in any way independent , they still require a web browser . 
  the newly released firefox 52 is a great example , all plugins but flash have been disabled . 
  yeah thanks for breaking 2 of our applications . 
  next point about getting rid of windows software and use standardized solutions made in europe . 
  90 % of our software used is made by european companies . 
  i was at the cebit this year and went into the public solutions hall , i was pretty astonished how we are already working with 50 % of the companies there . 
  in the end it always comes down to cost . 
  if there are multiple products available , i am obligated to buy the product that is the cheapest . 
  if there are very good reasons for why a more expensive product is to be bought i can do that , but i personally can be held accountable for the increased cost . 
  and open source software in general will cost more , simply because the companies that write software factor in further potential investments in the software . 
  if it is open source ( as in everybody is allowed to modify it ) , expanding the capabilities can be done by everyone thus the original company is n't `` required '' , you have to pay for that . 
  would i like it if the software used was open-source without a windows requirement , obviously yes . 
  but in the grand scheme of things , microsoft is the least of my problems and only a very minor cost factor . 
  wait a minute , why do you saiy either / or ? 
  german engineering is good at doing both of those thing at the same time . 
  the thing is , by 2030 solar energy and batteries will we so cheap that conventional power plants are just not economically viable . 
  so even now it 's a giant gamble on if they gon na recoup their costs before renewable energy will dominate the market with cheaper power . 
  take him to detroit ? 
  what ? 
  the deutsche bank is involved in a russian money laundering scandal ? 
  till now i thought they were the most law abiding bank there is , having never done any shady business anywhere ... / s ( just in case it was n't clear ), 
  oh , they used to have a large military base in a city close to my home : blomberg ( sadly i ca n't find an english version of this list ) https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_geschlossenen_niederl%c3%a4ndischen_milit%c3%a4rstandorte_in_deutschland fun fact , the children of the military personal stationed there played in my football club . 
  and from time to time we had our training in the sports hall inside the base , mostly in the winter . 
  well , i have to admit , when i had the chance to vote for ** cajus julius caesar ** i took it . 
  no idea what his policies were though ... and frankly with that name i do n't care . 
  sorry , but your analogy does n't make any sense and only tries to strawman fake emotions into a problem that needs cold hard truth . 
  because if i follow it , then you do n't want the people who were not responsible for the crisis to shoulder the consequences . 
  so no other eu country should either pay . 
  the problem of greece is that it is insolvent , otherwise private investors would buy enough bonds . 
  now there are 2 distinct ways to fix that , cut spending or increase income . 
  and as greece did increase income ( 31 % tax revenue from 2004-2009 ) with increased government spending ( 87 % same period ) it showed that it was not working . 
  now we try the opposite and indeed it is working , as greece did manage to get a primary surplus . 
  in a very specific way , the uk is one of the most trade dependent nations in the eu ( that i checked and found values ) : agriculture self sufficiency . 
  france : 120 % germany : 93 % italy : 63 % uk : 60 % ( 73 % if excluding non native food types ), 
  yes , we should if they face the death penalty in the country that wants them . 
  asylum does n't mean that they get away free if they did something punishable , they still might be arrested and put into prison . 
  well , there 's also doctor snuggles which is a british and dutch production . 
  but the animations were done half by a japanese studio and the other half by a us studio . 
  i did n't mean hyperinflation . 
  the us was/is able to create money with nearly no inflation at all due to the dollars special standing as the reserve currency . 
  but that wo n't work in the eu . 
  and i do n't think that an inflation based economy can sustain itself in the long run anyway with 1 very important exception . 
  as long as the government does lend money from privately owned entities , it does n't matter how much money you print . 
  as the interest in the debt will have that part included . 
  for example a country that prints 1 % new money each year might need to pay 4 % in interest , while another one with 5 % new money would pay 8 % . 
  the important exception would be if all eu countries only get their money from the ecb , with no debt in private hands . 
  but even then , you want to keep the inflation in a certain range so that the ( retirement ) savings of citizens are n't worthless in the end . 
  it is help , just not a free gift . 
  greece was given an option that was deemed not as bad as it 's other possible options , and it took it . 
  but here 's what will happen in the future : 1 : the eu will continue to enforce strict government spending limits . 
  2 : once everything has been stabilized it will allow greece to increase spending to boost the economy ( and greece is atm stabilizing as the primary surplus shows ) 3 : at some point there will be a haircut of the debt to reduce it to levels that are manageable . 
  currently no politician says that # 3 will happen , but everyone knows that it will . 
  but at the same time , nobody is willing to allow a haircut if the initial reason for the mess is n't resolved . 
   no , it does n't `` usually '' lead to . 
  fed basically printed money and usa recovered much faster from crisis than ez . 
  the usa has the special advantage that the dollar is a worldwide reserve currency and has been for a long time , with vast amounts of dollars hold by external entities . 
  the euro on the other hand is not nearly as important a reserve currency and is pretty new in itself , and would be rather easy to replace with other currencies in a short time . 
  so no , just because the us can do it does n't mean the eu can do it . 
  i would actually have only minor if any problems with that . 
  from our history , i do n't think germany is the right country to arm with nuclear weapons and fewer countries with red buttons are better . 
  but then as france is a very close german ally i do think we would have enough leverage to prevent em from using them if not absolutely necessary , but not enough that we could coerce france to launch em on germany 's behalf . 
  and i do think that having at least 1 country in europe with nuclear weapons is a reasonable thing to have . 
  on the issue on germany owning nukes , i would consider 1 single option for it , a single standby space rocket with a large nuclear bomb attached in case an asteroid races towards earth . 
  better to have the option and not use it than the other way around . 
  so do i !, 
  and then some news outlets claim that for some reason it is a victory for the npd and a loss for germany . 
  no this is a victory for germany , in that the court indeed said the npd is anti-constitutional but that the npd is so irrelevant / germany so strong that it is n't able to do anything . 
  and besides that , even if you ban the party , somebody then would just create the next installment , it would n't change a thing . 
  the best thing you can do with messages far of the mainstream/middle is to expose them and show the world how stupid/misguided they are . 
  [ edit  i just thought of a great way to describe this : the npd is so irrelevant , it ca n't even get banned . 
  thanks for trying to play with the big boys , here 's your complementary participation medal !, 
  i hope asap , as they are the ones responsible for it . 
  unlike the normal assembly line workers whose contracts were ended to reduce costs because of the cheating ... 
  if that is the case/goal , it 's absolutely retarded . 
  the gdp itself is meaningless in the process of fixing a trade surplus . 
  or can you tell me what the difference a gdp of 10000 billion compared to a gdp of 1000 billion would have on the issue that germany exports 271 billion more than it imports ? 
  from http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure/index_en.htm member states with ` imbalances ' or ` excessive imbalances ' may receive policy recommendations targeting their imbalances in their annual country-specific recommendations . 
  they are also subject to a process of specific monitoring of their policy commitments adapted to the degree and nature of their imbalances , involving intensified dialogue with national authorities , and progress reports . 
  no such thing as sanctions are mentioned . 
  higher minimum wage in itself will not change the trade deficit much , it will increase consumption for sure , but most of that stays local . 
  more investment also wo n't decrease the surplus magically , same thing most of it stays local . 
  and the big thing about a undervalued currency , it 's simply not possible to change at the moment without germany leaving the eurozone . 
  to give you a perspective on the difference between the trade surplus and the federal surplus : 2014 the trade surplus was 271 billion while the 2016 federal surplus was 6 billion , so about 50 times larger . 
  or in another term the trade surplus is about the same size as the federal budget in total . 
  there is another thing that most of the people ignore , a trade surplus/deficit means nothing in itself . 
  the us is running perfectly fine with a 731 billion deficit . 
  and then comes the problem of where that money really goes , for example a factory in germany that is owned by a chinese company might run at a 50 % surplus in trade , but the earnings would go to the parent company . 
  in the end there are 3 ways to really reduce the trade surplus : export tax , higher corporate tax or higher valued currency , but none of that is really possible or reasonable to do right now . 
  you are throwing different areas of deficit and surplus together that ( while indeed related ) are not the same . 
  let 's take the german deficit/surplus for example : the federal republic of germany did spend 311billion and received 317billion . 
  so it 's a 6 billion surplus or 1,9 % . 
  and this is the part where the 3 % eu deficit limit would be in play .
