  libya is n't right now in the positon of mass producing boats . 
  if their stock of old cheap ones run out , they would have to buy/build new ones and that does increase the cost dramatically . 
  it does n't prevent it , but reduces it . 
  no it wo n't help , if they did some serious research beforehand they would notice that their chances to be lagaly granted asylum is close to 0 anyway . 
  those trafficers promise them the world while they can earn money , once they have those funds they do n't care . 
  ( as in there have been instances were migrants were shot dead by the trafficers when they did n't agree to get on those unseaworthy boats ), 
  btw , if i sounded hostile in my answer i 'm sorry for that . 
  it 's just that with this issue everybody is starting to blame germany about the current problems when i just ca n't see how it somehow was the cause for the initial issues and was stuck in a lose-lose position anyway . 
  as i said in another answer , both options , keeping the border open or closing it , people would blame germany for the results . 
  either beeing selffish or incentivising more refugees/migrants . 
   the refugees welcome show that germany put on around 2014-2015 iirc created a huge incentive for economic migrants to hop on board the boats and head over to europe . 
  you have your timetables wrong . 
  you know that speech many people blame on germany and merkel happened in september 2015 right ? 
  and it was a reaction to people that were already on the move on foot inside europe . 
   http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/2016-08/refugees-open-border-policy-september-2015-angela-merkel/komplettansicht the refugees/migrants were mostly already in europe at that time . 
  so germany should have closed the borders and said `` deal with it ! '', 
  to greece and italy like the eastern eu nations did ? 
   now i 'm assuming you 're not german , because those who make this mistake are usually natives if you wan na go gramar nazi on me , i 'll do the same to you . 
  1 : usually natives make that mistake . 
  + i made that mistake . 
  -  not native german . 
  this is not how causaility works . 
  also native where , us , uk or germany ? 
  if it 's the later one , check number 4 . 
  2 : you did not end your sentence with a dot or anything . 
  3 : `` assuming '' when you assume , you are making an ass out of u or me . 
  4 : you are simply factually wrong . 
  you would think so , but i do n't think it would change much . 
  the biggest problem we are facing in terms of crimies commited by migrants/refugees comes from those people who get to know once they enter germany that their chances for asylum are nearly zero . 
  which means most from africa . 
  ( the people from syria and iraq in general respect the law and try to avoid breaking any , cause it would mean possible rejection . ), 
  one example that i read somewhere was that north africans called prison something like `` steel hotel '' * , because their living conditions in prison are not that worse than what they get on the outside and many times better than how they lived in their home countries . 
  ( free food , warm rooms , ... ) * i sadly do n't have the link to that article anymore , so the name was most likely different . 
  i just ca n't see a way we can combat such a mindset without giving up our own values to a certain extent . 
  one thing that could work , is if we start advertisement compaign in north africa about how their chances to be accepted are nearly zero , but i somehow doubt we would reach to target audience with it . 
  do they even have a tv , radio or can read ? 
  that streamlining has already been started to the extent possible , but the law can not be changed as i have stated . 
  and the main issues we are facing with rejected migrants are based in the law and how people can and will use/abuse it . 
  we can not send people back who face the death penalty , so rejected migrants go to the police and tell they commited murder in their home country . 
  now you and i , and most people in general , hate it when people use the law in such a way , but the law is n't designed to protect the state but the people from the state , which sadly means there are ways people can abuse it to their advantage . 
  about the doctors and such on flights to afghanistan , they are a minor issue and cost factor . 
  if those were the only problems we were left with , i would be a happy man . 
  i was talking about the refugee crisis when it started , at that time most refugees were from iraq and syria and those were the one we actually took on . 
  the ones from libya are indeed not from syria , but germany is n't taking on that many migrants ( * as in not yet dicided if refugee or economic migrant ) anymore and the rejection rate for asylum requests are over 50 % . 
  so if you/those previous posters blame germany for encouraging this 2nd migrant wave because of how we acted during the first , i 'm perfectly reasonable to blame the us for creating the first refugee crisis for beeing responsible and therefore demand the same thing people here do , just with the word germany replaced by usa . 
  actually , even with enough political will it 's very hard or impossible . 
  the right for asylum is part of the german constituion . 
  ( article 16 ) now there are exemptions to it , but to apply the exemptions germany has to prove certain things . 
  now you might think about altering the constituion , but there are multiple issues with it . 
  the first and foremost is that certain articles are protected by an eternity clause , can can not be altered . 
  while that eternity clause does not directly protect article 16 about asylum , it does protect article 1 . 
  and you can reasonably say that article 1 ( protection of human dignity ) protects article 16 . 
  but let 's ignore that for a minute and say it 's not protected , then you would need a 2/3rd mayority to change those parts . 
  on the topic of asylum you wo n't get that mayority , as the left , greens and many people from the central left would not support it . 
  now a quick return to those exemptions , one pretty easily applied exemption to the protection of people applying for asylum is that people entering germany from a eu country ( and safe 3rd party countries ) are not protected . 
  but , as all migrants have to enter germany from a eu country , we would have to send them back to that country . 
  so it does n't fix the issues the eu is facing , only the issues germany is facing to the detriment of other eu countries . 
  so applying those exemptions would in the end mean that the whole reason for accepting refugees ( economic migrants do n't get accepted , as long as we can prove it ) to ease their burden , would be undone and greece for example would have to take care for ( i think ) a million refugees . 
  to follow the train even further , greece would theoretically be allowed to send them back to turkey , but as greece did n't check their idenfication when they entered they can not prove who actually entered through the greece/turkey border . 
  but even if they could , i doubt turkey would take them back . 
  yeah , let 's send all those migrants to the us , because they created the refugee crisis in the first place . 
  and we in germany had the audacity to uphold our own laws and decided that the grundgesetz is not worthless . 
  if germany had closed the borders , greece would have been stuck with all of them , and everybody would have blamed germany for beeing selffish . 
  the other way of not closing our borders , and now suddenly we are responsible for the next crisis . 
  so yeah , stuck between a rock and a hard place , and the country responsible for the whole mess chickens out . 
  yeah , we could have a base on mars already if there was enough political will . 
  of course we also could have destroyed the entire world with nuclear bombs and recreate our own awesome fallout experience in real life , if we had enough political will . 
  simply wrong , merkel is not incentivizing them . 
  she did not close the eu internal borders and was not willing to put a hard cap on the number of refugees . 
  those in libya are not refugees but economic migrants , and they get send back as is in germany . 
  the issue is that that process takes time , as there is the german law and prcedures to follow . 
  one new way in which migrants fuck over our legal system is by saying that they commit a murder in * insert country with death penalty * so we can not send them back if they might get killed . 
  but we have to accept that our legal system does not only protect the innocent , but also the guilty and undesireables . 
  and if you think about it , the sea is just a very big inverted mountain . 
  but the same is true with pedophiles , most know that their fantasies are morally wrong and will never act on them in reality . 
  a good example of those people is a self-help group of pedophiles that was established in germany , where the people who have those issues can go to and talk about it . 
  those are people i will give my respects , as there is no cure against their sexual preferences and they are under huge pressure to never openly talk about it , but they do try to find a solution . 
  if we can help people in that group , we should . 
   and in fact there is a risk that those using these child sex dolls or realistic props could become desensitized and their behavior becomes normalized to them let 's change that part a little and change one word for another . 
   and in fact there is a risk that those using these toy guns or realistic props could become desensitized and their behavior becomes normalized to them . 
  like how video games made people murderers . 
  wait , were n't violent movies responsible for that ? 
  i think i heard the same about music . 
  and books of course . 
  here 's my take on it , if in total only one single child is not sexually abused if we would give pedophiles their dolls , it would be worth it . 
  i heard that they will get a vacation in the ukraine once their reeducation has been completed . 
  when i see people on 100 year old pictures they always look well dressed often with a suit and a hat . 
  i kinda wonder if we lost some of our culture in the years . 
  and that 's an observation i made in pictures of every country of the west . 
  and if his equipment is working , he 's not only 100 % willing to fight , he 's 100 % combat ready . 
  that 's at least 50 % better than the germany army . 
  i hope not , because what the brexit needs is more people working with facts and not feelings . 
  now the facts obviously are the lower valued pound , so of course the exports should rise . 
  what the long term ramifications are , nobody knows . 
  ( i would believe negative , because i think the eu is a good solution for the european countries ), 
  nope , we in germany learned from it the hard way when the mustache man was `` elected '' , and made the world pay for it . 
  you know that what i said was a joke right ? 
  ( as obviously i can not just check somebodys tax if i do n't know their name , especially if they are not german nationals . ), 
  but here 's some interresting information , i am a civil servant and it administrator . 
  with this position comes a certain amount of trust people need to have in me , to not stick my nose in others peoples business .
