  the reason why i ask the question is that in my view special rights that give people advantages should only be granted if they give back something which is advantageous for the general population . 
  and yes , there should be no difference at which point those advantages are given for straight or gay couples . 
  about gay marriage , i 'm not so sure , at least depending on the goal of a marriage . 
  if the goal of a marriage is for 2 people to care for each other , then yes . 
  on the other hand , if the goal of marriage is for 2 people to bring up children ( which is a thing where germany is lacking atm ) then no , unless they adopt children . 
  i disagree , we only judge people on things we can prove they did direct . 
  indirect issues like `` statistically 10 people will die due to the extra emissions '' are not provable . 
  otherwise if we would to that , we would have to look at everything that pollutes the environment and sue everybody . 
  if you drive a car , you are statistically responsible for x early deaths due to emissions . 
  or even worse , look at the shipping industry , estimates are that because of the low quality fuel they burn , over 60000 people die early , more than the people that die early due to car exhaust . 
  ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2009/apr/09/shipping-pollution ), 
  which would we incredibly stupid of them , considering the punishments in germany are lower than in the us . 
  now an interesting question is , as those managers currently are in germany ( afaik ) , germany ca n't really get an interpol arrest warrant on them . 
  ( and they have n't been charged yet ) so if they would leave germany for let 's say france , france would be required to arrest them . 
  where would they be send ? 
   ca n't arrest a company . 
  why not , would be pretty interesting considering corporations are people in the eyes of the law . 
  ( at least in the eyes of the supreme court ), 
  [ edit  derp , when i reread your sentence i noticed you meant a german warrant for us bankers , not a german warrant for the vw managers ... [ / edit ] actually , the prosecutors office of braunschweig has 40 suspects under investigation . 
  if the 5 arrest warrants are for people out of those 40 , i do n't think any reasonable country would extradite them , first they have to face the charges in the country they are in . 
  there also is the question on if a warrant for their arrest is required . 
  if they flee to another country they have a higher chance to get send to the us , where the penalties are way higher by design ( punishment vs correction ), 
  sorry , before posting i tried searching for it but could n't find it . 
  i can remember a documentary in germany about how 1 farm tried to hire local people . 
  and if i remember correctly of the 20 or so workers only 1 remained after the first week . 
  the job just was too labor intensive for most of them . 
  my guess would be , that in case they truly have a labor shortage , the wages will go up only minimal due to global competition and instead the farms will change to foodstuffs that require less manual labor and the types that require manual labor will instead be imported . 
  as he said , he would struggle to integrate and learn their language :p ^ ( sorry , i just had to ), 
  well , there is the cost of locking them up which they do n't have to pay , so in a way it 's reasonable . 
  and in germany each federal state can set it 's own rules f\u00fcr prison work . 
  in hamburg or nrw they are legally obliged to work . 
  in general they receive about 11 % of what a non prison worker would earn . 
  also , getting prisoners to work seems to me to be a very good policy . 
  it 's lets them gain work skills for the time after prison and if they earn money , even if it 's minimal , raises their self respect in that they can afford some luxuries . 
  you 're lucky , my data plan would give me 1/50 of a shot per month , for 20 $ ... 
  you are a very evil man ( woman ? 
  ) , you know that ? 
  can i just say , i 'm totaly waiting for the moment when a strong wind rips that sculpture out of it 's foundations for it to crash into the ocean . 
  and on the way down also makes some parts of the cliff come with it . 
  you know , strong and stable after all . 
  in my location only 2mbit dsl is available . 
  and as much shit as i give the telekom to not update the landline connections , they are the only company that actually does work on it . 
  and they offer a dsl 4g hybrid contract , where the 4g connection is truly unlimited . 
  ( though in the afternoon when people return from work all till midnight , the 4g network does n't deliver more than 1mbit ), 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that single sentence never mentions rape nor does it mention anything about travelers . 
  it is pretty damn clear in it 's meaning , you are a man and sleep with a man ( like you would with a woman ) you should be put to death . 
  germany was n't destroyed by turks and it wo n't be destroyed by syrians . 
  if anything , the thing that could destroy germany as it is would be the low birthrate . 
  but that is a self made problem and there 's no need to blame anybody else for it . 
  ( no , not even politicians ) also , about germany being germany ? 
  seriously , germany has been one of the countries with most change in modern times . 
  2 world wars changed what land is considered germany and who is considered german . 
  so quite frankly , it does n't matter if at some point the majority of people living in germany have their roots in foreign countries , all i care about is if they are good people . 
  and now for some firsthand experience myself , the true asylum seekers from syria are good people , as in friendly and gracious for taking them in . 
  btw , not nearly half of young people have foreign roots but about a third . 
  this means that two thirds have what you would consider german roots . 
  and those will not suddenly vanish in `` a couple of decades '' . 
  and of those people with foreign roots , the 3 largest countries of origin are turkey , poland and russia . 
  and no , russians wo n't destroy the german culture and poles ( edit : is this actually the correct word ? ), 
  most definitely will neither . 
  edit 2 : btw the one thing that would most certainly destroy the german culture is if we would give up on the values inscribed into the grundgesetz . 
  so the solution you most likely would like to see is in itself a destruction of germany . 
  uac , user account control can be used by administrative users to run their current programs with reduced rights . 
  in it 's pure design it 's comparable to a sudo command . 
  in windows 7 uac can be set to 4 different notification setting , from never notify to always notify . 
  however , and microsoft openly states this , in essense there are only 2 real settings , always notify and off , as all but always notify can be circumvented by programs run in a user context . 
  if you actually checked how windows handles security you might notice that everything you said about linux security can be done in windows . 
  users do n't need to be in the administrators group and therefore ca n't `` install '' new programs or change security settings . 
  i put install into quotation marks for a reason , as you do n't need to install programs to run them . 
  every user can run any program they want to run , unless you take the extra step and only allow signed programs to run . 
  ( both windows and linux offer ways to do that ) and here is the crux of the issue , as long as you can run unsigned programs , malicious programs can do serious damage . 
  take for instance current crypto trojans , they do n't need administrative rights . 
  as long as they can run once and have write access to documents they will to harm . 
  and unless you wan na go super bonkers and deny your users the right to open any documents , you can not protect against such an attack . 
  this has nothing to do with socialism or communism , but everything with capitalism : supply and demand . 
  yes , if there are less restrictions on what employers can demand/give to employees there are more jobs . 
  but , part of those jobs will give so low wages that a person can not reasonable survive on them for longer term . 
  take for example unskilled labor , the supply of unskilled workers is essentially way higher than demand , the only question is how much you need to pay for the work . 
  and i myself would gladly pay 0,20 $ per hour for somebody else to take care of my garden , but can anybody adequately live with that low a wage ? 
  not in europe . 
  but would people be willing to work those jobs if there is no social security , yes . 
  after all , it 's better than starving . 
  ceta got almost killed and ttip is dead because many people in europe see it as a way to undermine our common health and safety standards with inferior protections . 
  ( chlorinated chickens for example ) as the uk current is inside the single market there never were any reservations due to those issues , so it should have been an `` easy '' issue to resolve a trade deal . 
  but with how the current uk leadership is acting , vetoing an eu army when it would never be part of it , is indeed burning political capital . 
  and yes , the thing called political capital does exist , it 's called goodwill and favors for the average joe . 
  if the uk has any left however is questionable . 
  that is the one thing i would be instantly behind . 
  it would stabilize weaker ( compared to the average ) countries because of an influx of social security money and could reduce the number of people who leave their home to find a job somewhere else . 
  it would for instance prevent what has happened in greece , where people went into early retirement so they have at least some money . 
  a very good day for both france and the eu today indeed . 
  no , the dinosaur people from the hollow earth ( entrance in the antarctic ) just tried to blame everything on them . 
  a joke ? 
  you monster !, 
  jokes have been banned in 1945 . 
  source : [ youtube ] ( https://youtu.be/ienp4j3pw7u?t=9m20s ), 
  at least in germany you have to get a permit to drive a taxi and to get that permit , you need to know the area you work in . 
  ( as in you must find the destination without gps or a map ) also you are required to get a medical check for infectious diseases and your eye sight, 
  [ / r/germanhumor ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/germanhumor/ ),
