  at the time of the execution , that person is not a threat , therefore there is no valid reason to murder him . 
  again the people who then help in the execution are murdering a ( at that point ) defenseless person so they deserve death themselves . 
  also quite expensive , starting at 23k with an additional 80 $ monthly for renting the battery . 
  if you also buy the battery it 's something like 31k $ . 
  there is a simple reason of why the death penalty is a stupid idea : innocent people found guilty , as in law we do n't have a 100 % certainty . 
  if you follow the `` murderers should be put to death '' logic , then if a jury finds somebody guilty with the death penalty , and that person was actually innocent , then all the members of the jury , and all the people who helped in the execution are murderers themselves and should be put to death . 
  no it 's not , there are reasons of why you convert to islam even if you do n't care 1 bit about the religion . 
  are you talking from a perspective of a german citizen ? 
  because the larger cities i know , even with high number of cars , are pretty well livable and nothing like hell . 
  ( my experience in berlin , munich and d\u00fcsseldorf ) also , the thing about climate change is that it will get solved anyway in the near future . 
  electric cars are way more reliable and the battery prices are going down . 
  right now i 'm in the market for a new car and was thinking hard about which type of engine it will have . 
  an electric golf starts at 36k $ , not yet cheap enough for the masses but it 's getting there . 
  so now i decided to either buy a used car , or simple hope that my current one does n't surprise me with more unexpected issues ( not even 8 years old , had to invest 5k $ in repairs so far ) until the time when electric cars fall into the price range i 'm ok with to pay . 
  if the german car companies can not keep up with tesla , they are doomed . 
  in the long run , fossil fuel based engines are simply not economically viable . 
  ( and long run can mean 2030 ), 
  as if germany is pretending that stuff does n't happen . 
  ( see siemens bribery scandal ) but the fines are lower , because the us law punishes people while the german law corrects them . 
  i mean , how hard can it be ? 
  * you just take the spinnymathingy and put it into the the round whatsitcalled , then tighten a few of this nutty things and you 're done !, 
  * i mean it 's not rocket physics . 
  * * inb4 darwin awards, 
  this was already posted 2 days ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nzxg7/regensburg_domspatzen_choir_more_than_500_boys/, 
  i know you 're joking with the borrowing water , but as i did some calculations some years ago with droughts in the south of europe i can answer the question as follow : it 's cheaper to desalinate sea water than to pump it in a pipeline from germany to spain . 
  so yes , you can borrow some , you just have to come get it :p, 
  at that height of the car and how deep the water looks to be , he 's not stuck . 
  the front bumper for instance does not touch the water . 
  he 's fine . 
  it does n't even look like the water would get into his car through the door . 
  from my experience , when we sometimes did cross a bridge that was often flooded , cars can go deeper than you think in water . 
  does n't mean you should as the bottom is n't water proof and any water intake to the interior is nasty . 
  ( also , yes my father once did missjudge the depth of the water , the engine had to be evacuated then and shortened it 's lifespan . 
  did n't matter as 3 month later somebody t-boned the car ), 
  indeed , and foreign help is n't really helping . 
  if the ruling party finds out that there are foreigners in the crowd they can easily blame the opposition to be influenced by foreign powers . 
  no , this is something the citizens of poland need to do themselves . 
  the eu only can put pressure on the government via diplomatic chanels . 
  yeah , poland got the short end of the stick so many times in history it 's understandable . 
  i think with relations to russia , germany just ca n't put itself into polands shoes . 
  west germany never experienced communism inside the ussr and there are certain people from east germany who actually liked the system . 
  interestingly merkel is the right person who could deal with russia , she experienced the ussr firsthand and is n't a friend of that system . 
  but the downside is that she likes to be reactive when things happen . 
  you wo n't hear her say : `` i have an idea , let 's try it out '' rather `` slow and steady is the boat '', 
  that nord stream 2 thing is rather stupid to begin with , as nord stream ( 1 ) is only running at half capacitiy . 
  and i can perfectly well understand the eastern european countries objections to nord stream including poland . 
  they were collateral damage in germanys goal to reduce the potential threats to it 's energy supply , which the ukraine was at the time the project was started . 
  ( and russia was n't going full bonkers ) at least in my opinion , sometimes it 's best to skip political correctness and shout/threaten / ... to get the point across . 
  once both parties did that , everybody knows where they stand and the search for a compromise can begin . 
  absolutely valid reasoning . 
  that 's why there are many steps required before the ultima ratio ( in this case no voting rights ) can come into effect . 
  the eu hopes that pis does change it 's mind . 
  and even if it does n't happen and poland indeed loses it 's seat on the table , i would hope that the people of poland then would elect another government which would undo the changes . 
  at which point the removal of voting rights would be undone nearly instantly . 
  but that is not something that the eu or any single eu country can do , their only options are threats and the eu procedures . 
  what the polish citizens choose to do on their own is their perogative . 
  as i said somewhere else , i wish germany would have just a great relationship with poland as we do with france , but it seems the time is not right yet . 
   the non-refugee things that the eu threatens cee over are the measure taken by the polish government when it comes to the constitutional court in poland and now also the regular courts and the measure taken by the hungarian government against the ngos or the central european university in hungary . 
  now this is the part where i do agree with the actions concerning poland ( have n't found my opinion on hungary so i wo n't comment on that ) while i 'm not so sure that the eu has the legal right to get involved with how pis is changing the courts , justice is part of the charter of fundamental rights of the eu . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:12016p/txt&amp;from=en ( under title vi ) . 
  and as that charter was formally proclaimed in 2000 and poland joined the eu in 2004 , they are bound by it . 
  counterquestion , if a rather new member of a club starts breaking the fundamental rules of the club , that were established before they joined , what would your reaction be ? 
  mine would be expulsion if vocal threats do n't help . 
  germany is n't asking poland or the czech republic to take care of the migrants/refugees it currrent has , but the ones that keep entering the eu in italy ( and for a smaller part greece ) . 
  we as the eu can not let single countries bear the burden alone especially if they are in a financially difficult position . 
  germany can handle the ones we have , but we can not handle refugees for all of europe , so a solution must be found . 
  in other topics i said i would welcome the possbility of opening official refugee camps in the countries where they actually start their ride in boats over sea . 
  but the countries there do n't want it ( and do n't even take their own citizens back ) . 
  so we can not take care of the problem on foreign soil but on our own . 
  and at that point it is a european problem that somehow must be solved . 
  about the threats of cutting eu fund for non refugee things , can you link one as i quite frankly do n't know what topics the issue ( s ) were about . 
  well , would love to have it back . 
  germany has such a great relationship with france , i wish we could have the same with poland . 
  the eu is a giant , a slow reacting giant , blind on both eyes , but once it starts moving it 's hard to stop it . 
  ( does n't mean that the direction is correct :p ), 
  oh , i did n't have that on my radar . 
  now to be fair , refugees cost money and part of the eu is that we share the financial burdens , so in a way it makes sense . 
  also , sadly , threats are part of politics but before any real sanctions would be applied there are many step in between before that can happen . 
  a least initially you can ignore most threats . 
  just like if you receive a bill for things you did n't order , you can ignore them at first , until a true judge get 's involved . 
  edit : to be absolutely clear , i ca n't recall the tone the politicians used when they made those threats and at least for me it was such a low key issue that i can barely remember it even happened . 
  so it might have been unjustly harsh . 
  edit2 : after looking some more i found recent news about that the sanction procedures have been opened : http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/eu-opens-sanctions-procedure-against-hungary-poland-and-czech-republic-over-refugees/ these are exactly the kind of procedures that you can safely ignore for a while . 
  germany has multiple procedures running against itself . 
  it might sound scary when you first hear about them , but they are entirely thoothless . 
  of course it 's hard to explain , but i think it should be doable . 
  now just to show what scale we are talking about , as there comes up the arguement that big companies export the profit to for example germany and pay tax here . 
  vat and income tax are about 300b while the corportate tax is only 70b . 
  that is a big chunk of money , but it would be doable . 
  now about threatening to cut eu funding for eastern european countries , there are certain things that are considered essential european values ( after all , the eu stems from a rather small number of countries when founding ) and especially germany wants to uphold at all costs . 
  sadly cutting funding is one of the few real actions that directly show if somebody is stepping out of line . 
  and that threat comes when warnings or showing of non agreement did not change the status quo . 
  well , closing the gap will take a long time , and i ca n't think of a sustainable way to force the last bit of equalisation . 
  even now after 30 years there still is a divide between east and west germany . 
  and east germany received more funds to up the economy i think . 
  now i think western europe could do more , but it might reduce the quality of life if funds are exported at an increased rate . 
  and if the average citizen of a country finds out that the situation is getting worse , even from a giant high point , the government wo n't stay in power for long . 
  what might help in the czech republic and in all european countries ( minus the tax havens ) might be to decrease corportate tax or remove it and increase income tax or vat . 
  corportate tax as is , is only a minor tax source for many countries , and companies will always find ways to reduce their tax burden . 
  so when it 's not effective and can easily be circumvented why not just ax it completly .
