  i still think we might kill each other before that . 
  when oil runs out things are going to get nasty , downright ugly once its water, 
  portuguese woman are a bit like chinese ones . 
  hot until boom menopause , and then its a cranky small old lady, 
  then go ahead my son , you have been adopted by portugal , expect your free dose of past\u00e9is and port wine soon, 
  more specifics . 
  in that scenario it could be a manly cheer , a victory cry , an exertion sound , an admiration gesture , or even a complaint . 
  you could shake a bush in a public park and watch the needles come down . 
  at its peak 1 % of the population was addicted to heroin . 
  that is 100 000 people in a country of 10 million, 
  i am deeply convinced that the refugee crisis was secretly arranged by portugal to cripple greece before the euro . 
  we remember, 
  some people might think our love for cod is just a stereotype , but keep in mind portuguese fishers nearly drove cod to extinction in newfoundland . 
  when the eu ratified a law that allowed more contaminants in fish than before , portugal scrambled to a meeting with norway to keep cod clean as before . 
  we take it very seriously, 
  all about tone of voice , context , who said it , who hears it , etc. 
  kinda like cunt in australia or fuck , but i 'd argue even more versatile, 
  they chose the worst possible leader for portugal tho . 
  i feel that the omnipotent caralho would be better employed here . 
  this sentence depends a lot on context and voice tone tbh, 
  saying that ` it 's not bad ' does n't mean they do n't like it better now . 
  you are trying to make it sound like east germany hates the reunification, 
  i think that when speaking about cultures , russia is pretty ` western ' aswell . 
  but no doubt about it . 
  almost every major player on the developed world had a part in it . 
  i 'm pretty partial to the [ enforcer corps ] ( https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/endwar/images/0/0c/enforcer_corps.png/revision/latest?cb=20160124180338 ) myself, 
  made me proud of my country . 
  even if i spent my pixels fighting for europe . 
  the main eu flag is already being destroyed , afraid we have too much on our hands . 
  europeans are sleeping now . 
  the british flag did n't have to fight the void . 
  they only had to fight themselves . 
  every single one of his cartoons are like this , and if you need further proof that he is an absolute retard just take a peek at his anti-vaccine fluoride cartoon . 
  oh we have n't done nothing ? 
  gee , why did nobody tell me , i could have not paid all extra fees and pay more for everything while having a frozen wage !, 
  i was making a portuguese only joke . 
  bes is also the name of a portuguese bank who went under and whose executives held offshore accounts in the seychelles . 
  and again , how does looking to the past make stuff better ? 
  sure , learn from it , but we still need to do something, 
  case in point , the communist party here in portugal is very snti-eu, 
  3rd party devils advocate , but that could simply mean greece has more gdp than macedonia . 
  if all income in a country comes from a run down sweatshop , then it 's gdp is 100 % industrial, 
  * grumble grumble * mojave * mumble * nuclear winter, 
  well ... third time 's the charm ? 
  my condolences then . 
  i hope one day the cultural background can change to make democracy a reality , and i am sure it will happen . 
  my own country had a horribly dysfunctional democracy some 100 years ago , only took 40 years of dictatorship , a colonial war and a revolution to fix it ... 
  sounds like an unhealthy democracy to me . 
  i 'll have option number 2 please it gets me elected as president, 
  we have always been at war with eurasia, 
  those are in the seychelles, 
  unless you remove it * accordion playing *, 
  we designed this thingy called the geneva convention . 
  if you break it , you incur in war crimes . 
  even if he wounded hitler himself , he was a marine , not a judge jury and executioner . 
  patch him up , arrest , interrogate and trial them . 
  you know , like civilized people are supposed to do . 
  the fact that some of our army units act like this does not make it ok to so the same . 
  those that break the geneva convention should get trialed for war crimes . 
  we are not at the same level as terrorists , so do n't act like them, 
  which compared to world war 1 or world war 2 are farts . 
  a lot of that is done for political capital . 
  ever since the uk joined the eu , its politicians have been using it as a scapegoat to shift blame for all issues . 
  economy ? 
  immigration ? 
  social tension ? 
  is malnourish , politburo take potato , such is lyfe . 
  eu gib potato, 
  airplane shot down . 
  problem is that `` syria '' does n't exist anymore . 
  you have `` government syria '' , `` rebel syria '' , `` kurdish syria '' , `` isis syria '' , its a civil war . 
  when these places barely have functioning apparatus you ca n't just drop in people , or it is state sponsored smuggling . 
  someone used to live in the region that is now owned by isis , do you strike a deal to return them there ? 
  do you drop them off with no possessions in some other place ? 
  and if so , which ? 
  i was mentioning the fact that imagining a government form where everything is decided by the people and referendums ( a direct democracy ) , is something that does not work unless the people are very well educated , and even then . 
  took until the 70 's for switzerland to grant suffrage to women . 
  i think that the referendum is a prime example of why a direct democracy does not work . 
  the average joe is not educated enough in world politics , macroeconomics and social factors to make an informed decision and instead votes out of misinformation by biased campaigns ( on both sides ) , or as a protest against local economic factors with little understanding of the consequences of the vote . 
  but on the other hand resting the power in a bunch of fucks who seek their own profit above all else is a shit system as well . 
  ideally people would be interested enough in politics to do their own research and realize that 350m # to the nhs is a bullshit statistic to give out . 
  a lot of uk goods are imported , especially if you take into account uk manufactured goods using non uk resources . 
  obviously , i was n't arguing otherwise . 
  but there is already a problem in the uk with wages not accompanying inflation , especially rent in places like london , and its not bound to get better . 
  i do n't see the uk leadership making an effort to raise the wages . 
  the 15 % less purchasing power was a figure of speech : my point is that given the fact that the uk imports a lot of common goods , the average consumer will feel the impact . 
  while uk industries that rely on local goods will benefit , as their goods become more competitive on the market , companies that have to import a part of their resources will not be as confortable , and the average consumer will notice the diference in trying to buy electronics or other non-uk goods . 
  it is if you are trying to buy things from outside the uk . 
  they will cost more in terms of % spendable income . 
  freaking roman empire connecting linguistics and shit . 
  no , but for real , its pretty amazing how countries from opposite sides of the continent can sound so similar, 
  unless you are a normal citizen and suddenly you have 15 % less purchasing power . 
  with cow meat you do n't starve to death ? 
  you can sense the latin roots when a portuguese that does not know a lick of romanian can suddenly read it, 
  nop . 
  never heard glom anywhere, 
  the 100 years war never ended . 
  it was just a truce, 
  the fun thing about portuguese talking english is that they either have no accent and no one questions it , or it does sound exactly like a russian impression of a drunk spanish being strangled to death, 
  you ca n't name people after fart sounds that 's rude,
