  they will bow and tell you they no longer think like that but through force you ca n't chance an opinion . 
  antisemitism was n't exclusive to germany and is n't gone today . 
  i think that has much more to do with the increase in tolerance across the globe, 
  unless its jews bombing germany , how would their opinion change at all ? 
  he 's still spinning in his grave in argentina !, 
  which is why i said the government . 
  they might have internal divisions , but if they come together on an issue , it passes , no questions . 
  it has absolute power as in they have a majority of parliament , also called an absolute majority and thus can pass any law they desire without opposition . 
  they might have internal divides , but anything the tories propose becomes law . 
  they might have descended from vikings , but they had very different cultures and customs . 
  and because of the victory of william , england gained land in france , setting off the 100 years war and the rivalry with france, 
  changed the culture and history of britain . 
  it stopped being an anglo-saxon kingdom and became a norman one , setting up the stage for the 100 years war, 
  and 36 % get to rule with absolute power yay first past the post !, 
  i agree . 
  that 's why pretty much all democracies are indirect democracies . 
  problems arise when you call referendums in economical matters rather than ethic ones or such . 
  quotas that are not enforced are practically non-existent . 
  a law that is not observed is for all effects a law that does not exist . 
  it was no shifting or justification . 
  and sure , anecdotal evidence is find-able . 
  but if you take a look at the bigger picture you see the british government opposing a lot of eu environment legislation that would diminish profits . 
  of course not every law would be anti-environment and the uk turn into a barren wasteland . 
  but the only thing really stopping companies from lobbying to weaker regulations is the eu . 
  take a look at australia where the businesses have been allowed to take over in terms of regulations : say bye bye to the barrier reef because coal takes priority . 
  every country has them , and some like china make no effort in enforcing them . 
  they do n't need to remove the quotas . 
  just defund the enforcement department . 
  if you 're going to go with `` ur buthurt lol '' to shut down every argument , nothing more is there to be said, 
  except that if the eu legislation were to be removed you can bet the fishing quotas would be gone since the uk government has pretty much always been against every single environmental legislation of the eu since they harm private profits . 
  no it was n't . 
  some in government were more supportive of brexit , but the majority including cameron were anti brexit, 
   landlocked foreigners stealing our fish feel free to overfish so there is no fish for no one then . 
  and those dirty foreigners do something called `` buying ''  being forced to privitize our services you are so cute if you believe this is the result of the eu . 
  cameron and his buddies have been doing the best they can to carve and privatise everything . 
   having a million poles flood the country not only do statistics show that immigrants actually add value to the economy , but in order to stay in the single market , and keep trading with the eu , free labour of people is mandatory . 
  so the `` dirty poles '' are n't going away . 
  and the poles were n't exactly kidnapped . 
  businesses were happy to welcome lower paid labour . 
  if its not the poles , it will be someone else , or very likely businesses move the where there is cheap labour, 
  yes , cameron itself did not state he would resign , my mistake there , but the government was very much anti-brexit , so a vote for brexit doubled as a vote against the government . 
  the rest is spot on . 
  most brexiters blame the eu for the inevitabilities of globalisation, 
  and those are not the only parties ... ukip has 0 % parliamentary representation with what 15-20 % of the vote . 
  guess what they voted on the referendum . 
  and all other citizens who are displeased with the government and decided to take the referendum as an opportunity . 
  i am not saying everyone who voted brexit has no idea what the vote entailed , but you can not ignore the contribution of protest voting and ignorance . 
  oh i agree that it does not always lead to populists . 
  but it does lead to polarisation , treating parties like sports teams and if one certain major election is a model , then populists still have a lot of power . 
  he never stated that directly , but it was pretty implied ( and said i believe ) that the government was against brexit . 
  the people were against the government that with 35 ~ % of the votes got 51 % of parliament so they voted against the government . 
  direct democracy would only work if everyone had vast knowledge of everything , from sewers to trash disposal to taxation etc. 
  which is 100 % impossible . 
  but indirect democracy also has the same results if the people have no idea on what they are voting on , they will simply follow the populists . 
   it is not essential . 
  we will keep on trading with europe from outside the single market . 
  yea no . 
  this involves signing separate treaties with every single country and since those countries are already in the single market they will not deviate from those standards to accommodate britain . 
  the closest thing that would happen would be britain `` outside '' the single market following all regulations anyway since the countries who you are trading with are unwavering in their standards since they are bound to many other countries . 
  as much as trade with the uk is valuable to any eu country , its not more valuable than trade with the rest of the eu combined . 
  the truth is that the uk economy has been built on top of the single market : importing and exporting without tariffs , common regulations to make trading simple ( r ) etc. 
  you ca n't just rip all of that off and expect things to go smoothly . 
  plus the eu wo n't be willing to be lenient with a brexit ` ed uk , lest other nations get similar ideas . 
  did you quote the wrong comment ? 
  i did n't say those things . 
  and just a tidbit about the last point : if the uk wishes to remain in the common market , which is essential since the whole economy is built upon trade with europe , one of the requirements is to accept eu laws and regulations . 
  just that now you get no say about these laws . 
  loads of countries not in the eu and exactly 0 countries worldwide who got into the eu , established the common market as the foundation of their economy , and then left . 
  not saying britain should not be able to decide that stuff . 
  just that perhaps joe schmoe from kent is not the most qualified guy in terms of international trade when he still asks himself at night before going to sleep , `` why does n't the government just print more money ? '', 
  the crux of democracies is that joe schmoes economic opinions are worth just as much as dan schmoe who spent his entire life studying economics . 
  problem arises when there are more joes than dans, 
  the problem was that people did n't vote over brexit , much like in italy , they voted against the government . 
  when cameron said `` i will resign if brexit wins '' , loads of people heard `` vote brexit to kick the pig fucker '' , which they did . 
  and then promptly went home to google `` what is the eu '' , a search that spiked after the vote . 
  and here 's a bit of an unpopular opinion perhaps : but people with absolutely no knowledge of economy or international relations should not get to drastically change the course of the nation with a 4 % margin and no knowledge of what the change in course actually entails . 
  ask the average uk resident about eea , wto , etc and you will most often get a blank stare . 
  not if coal has anything to say about it !, 
  we 've always been at war with eurasia, 
  the ~ ~ dragon ~ ~ sheepborn has returned, 
  because you 're a frog and frogs belong in swamps below sea level . 
  while sobbing down the tears of dreams of shattered empires with the finest port nature can create . 
  interesting about the portuguese community . 
  i 'm from portugal , and while we have a large number of emmigrants to luxembourg , switzerland , etc , i never thought they would be such a large group . 
  are they concentrated on a single area or more spread out ? 
  how 's the average perception of them ? 
  most of them . 
  jordan is 50 % refugees at this point , more refugees in turkey than in europe ( which is why they used this for their advantage ), 
  really . 
  why would the syrian government want to help the people that are fleeing ? 
  for all they care all who flee are traitors who did n't stand and fight for the regime, 
  oh there was a lot of political will . 
  the politicians wanted to cripple the russian gas pipeline . 
  the un initiative to handle the problems before they moved to europe ? 
  not so profitable, 
  i was more referring tb when he was discussing it . 
  even if it goes away , you are quite never sure and will never return to your old life, 
  once you get cancer , it never truly goes away . 
  all you can hope for is for a good life before it shows up again . 
  but beating a stage 4 is very much against the odds,
