  it 's the law of equivalent exchange . 
  to balance having done a terrible deed , the memes had to do a great one, 
  is just many soldiers taking vacation comrade . 
  so eager for vacation they even forget to park tanks !, 
  you kinda need an isolated island for this sort of facility , otherwise escape is far too easy . 
  it 's also much easier to travel from north africa to europe than it is from indonesia to australia . 
  north africa also is n't the most stable region, 
  and if media presence is allowed . 
  this reeks of those politics whose answer to the exposure of the horrible conditions of chicken coops was to ban filming it . 
  i understand that the conditions ca n't be idilic , but decent living conditions and transparency would be a must . 
  in that case i would support them as a place to bring refugees to house them while they are scrutinised and then allowed in or turned back . 
  but the discussion is moot , europe does n't really have a place for such a camp , unless we decide to buy malta, 
  same here in portugal . 
  all of the cash brought in from the colonies went into the portuguese court , who bought foreign goods and tiled churches in gold with it . 
  the people remained illiterate and poor . 
  warranty is void after 2 years or water damage , and portugal has a lot of water damage, 
  you mean the camp where media is actually forbidden ? 
  sure , i bet the conditions are stellar and that no abuses at all take place . 
  ataturk strikes me as a fascinating figure . 
  the closest thing we have on this planet to a benevolent dictator , but i am afraid that i get a bit of flashbacks to the past of my country : a leadership trying to push for modernisation and secularisation to a people that is not ready to accept it . 
  polan is not a mistake , its a meme , usually delivered as `` polan can not into space '', 
  the orange one tended to have this build up of a really bitter deposit on the bottom i think . 
  or was that anan\u00e1s ? 
  dude . 
  first of all , chill , you sound like you are having a stroke . 
  you are loosing your shit way too much , you do n't know the average conditions of a norwegian cell . 
  so what he has a shitty ps2 ? 
  he ca n't have contact with the outside or family , he has no social life in jail , it 's already torture given how dependant the human mind is on contact . 
  do n't work yourself so much over someone that is n't worth it, 
  i know that you feel revolted , like he should be tortured for what he did , but that is not justice , it 's revenge porn the judicial system treats all prisoners the same , separating them only by risk and sentence . 
  norwegian prisons are not focused on incarceration , but reformation , and are equipped for such . 
  they were not about to build a new prison just for the dude . 
  and he complained about a console , so what ? 
  even if he got it , which i doubt , he 's still going to spend his entire life in jail . 
  he 's probably already wishing he had been shot on the island, 
  i think that other than 4 major cities you just described every city in portugal not complaining . 
  love me some green, 
  well i 'll be damned i had no idea at all . 
  guess it 's just like we cross over to buy gas, 
  wait it was n't a typo , are out towels famous ? 
  `` dishonored tuna family , must commit tuna seppuku '', 
  wonderful towels too, 
  talk shit about danes ? 
  i was talking about how back in the day there was data that italians were inherently violent and lazy, 
  notice the air quotes on data . 
  people were also against italian immigration , and now look , we have pizza, 
  so are calls for genocide in the bible and in the tora . 
  turn out books written thousands of years ago by xenophobic , homophobic , religious fanatics are full of nasty shit . 
  likewise , i do n't have a problem with people reading the bible , because i assume the averaje joe is decent enough to see those passages for what they are : violent remains of a bigone era . 
  if a catholic priest started preaching the need to prosecute protestants , i 'd oppose that as well . 
  and 100 years ago there was `` data '' on how immigration from these places was very detrimental . 
  maybe they even had to use pounds !, 
  you surely mean magyarsozgasgsiahvsbnsjsjvsvsnsjsksbj\u00eb ? 
  or if you are a little bit into raiding you can buy the base game and then use creamapi, 
  i 'm not talking this article in particular , it 's just that nowadays everything is `` layers slam trump '' , `` dudes slam fcc '' , etc. 
  you do n't see any more `` seriously criticises '' , now everything has to be a wwe match, 
  why is every smidgen of criticism `` slamming '' now ? 
  do n't drink your whores, 
  it 's also abnormal in the sense that in a few days we will have storms . 
  do it for the vine, 
  in my case , sitting naked in front of a fan trying to red rid of swamp genitalia, 
  as an embassador of portugal the things you do to those poor fishes are crimes against humanity and it 's taste buds, 
  they kinda got away, 
  we tried infiltrating france but it 's wayy too big . 
  switzerland you 're next, 
  something i really hate is out football culture . 
  the * other * clubs are corrupt , they hire the mafia , they bribe referees , they bribe politicians , they hire witches ( an actual serious claim ) , and if you try to stay out of it you are burnt at the stake . 
  seriously pisses me off . 
  i enjoy a match with a few friends , but i really hate the entrenched mentality people seem to have with sports . 
  and to top it all off most of our clubs have very little actual portuguese players since they prefer to hire foreign players rather than invest in local schools . 
  & nbsp ; also you hit the nail on the head on the last point . 
  i would love to stay in portugal after graduating , but not only do opportunities seem to be few , studying biomedic engineering , but there is pressure everywhere to emigrate . 
  my mother got my brother into a german course so he can later emigrate to germany or the idilic utopia she thinks switzerland is , where construction workers get 3000 $ per month and there is no poverty or people without a backyard . 
  anti-vaccers , young communists , when you ca n't see the horrors of something for your own eyes its easy to buy into the idea that everything was better `` before '', 
  it is pretty accurate . 
  the ottoman empire and the austro-hungarian empire were both dead weights tbh . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find volcanic ponds without sulfuric smell, 
  either sarcasm or his flair . 
  you exactly reiterated his point that physical currency will get phased out by digital one . 
  henceforth the / s, 
  so not only do n't you not tip them , you give then a 800 $ healthcare bill ?!?!, 
  japan . 
  it 's considered that you are calling the owners cheap asses, 
  little drunk people who ca n't be legally prosecuted ? 
  it will be our end i say, 
  and the hunter ca n't afford the better stick or he will starve the end, 
  find me lgbt people with political power arguing that heterosexuals are an abomination and deserve to rot in hell forever, 
  so i guess your username lied , you do have something against it, 
  i mean , the government have said a lot of things . 
  no snap elections , etc. 
  firefighters , affix ~ ~ bayonets ~ ~ hoses , we are going over the top !, 
  regarding your last point : the eucalyptus will never be banned , the paper industry is far too profitable, 
  i think that 's one of the reasons climate skeptics are so rare in this country . 
  oddly enough , older generations seem more inclined to believe it since they see first hand the shifting weather and its effects on agriculture . 
  or paraphrasing my granpa : back when i was a kid you could plant crops down to the day . 
  now i plant them today , it snows tomorrow , the next day its dry , i just dont know anymore . 
  a huge ass forest , uncleaned and untended , with no infrastructure to make access easier , its just a matter of time really . 
  i am just hearing about this now . 
  dont usually have the tv on , i thought it was just business as usual , and then i hear that it has swallowed 30 villages already . 
  i crossed that bridge 2 hours before it came down when i was two years old .
