  nah it 's after the reformation , that cb do n't work no more, 
  its stupid because companies already do everything in their power not to pay the full tax or to pay it on a fraction of the money they make rather than the full deal . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people here and everywhere call the ira a terrorist organisation . 
  not on the same level as isis , but still . 
  you seem to base a lot of stuff on strawman arguments, 
  i mean you did compare a political party to a terrorist organisation har har look at me humour why is no one else laughing buthurt labour, 
  ok , if you do n't want to do states , do countries . 
  do you think its moral for russia and checnya to forbid homossexual in their countries ? 
  legal ? 
  sure . 
  but the question with refugees and the examples is morality . 
  it was legal for the us to turn away european refugees during the war . 
  most of the population was against taking in jewish children as refugees . 
  but the us did it anyway . 
  my point is that one can use your argument to defend that certain states are in their whole right to ban black people , non-christians , gays etc. 
  after all , they get tho choose, 
  and again , if the overwhelming majority of missourians decide they do n't want gay people , trans people , blacks or asians , should they not have a say in their immigration policy ? 
  if you do not live there , who are you to say otherwise ? 
  they are in their right to forbid blacks and gays from entering the state . 
  i guess we should have let missouri and co kick out all black folks no ? 
  these issues look a lot differently in hindsight . 
  right now , we look at politicians that defended that irish were genetically inferior to other people and should not be allowed in as crazies . 
  stupid flanders, 
  given the fact that the eu provided billions to shore up the borders , i think he did anticipate just that . 
  the eu is against our sovereignty !, 
  mmmh , i 'm not sure if there is a anime terms for this , but its a relationship that alternates between a french-english rivalry with spain trying to steal our independence ( and getting their asses kicked ) , and best iberian buddies . 
  also , portugal is the older brother . 
  older than spain proper , not if you count castille as spain . 
  agent alpha to portuguese command i have identified the spanish high-command , requesting tactical strike . 
  oliven\u00e7a will return to its rightful owners . 
  tbh , the drama has all been coming from people who do n't know shit about nuclear and just whine `` muh radiatshon '' . 
  if you dump radioactive waste on the bottom of a pool you can swim in it and be fine , so long you do n't come within 1-2 meters of the bottom of the pool . 
  i 'd rather the spanish bury nuclear residue close to our border than dump an equivalent amount of co2 into the atmosphere . 
  that being said , i do n't know how versed are the spanish in infrastructural safety . 
  it 's always been like this . 
  dude , its a pretty old agreement , the schegen area . 
  no border controls between members of the eu . 
  what 's the point anyways ? 
  during the dictatorship portugal used to have strict border controls and the people moved away through the countryside roads anyway . 
  its just a waste of time and money trying to secure a border with another european nation . 
  just trying to get some wifi in there, 
  gib oliven\u00e7a and we take back points . 
  portugal actually held the record for most attendances with no wins . 
  no , next up they go on a trip on a sailboat , set flags everywhere , play the anthem and leave . 
  by rolling a cheese grater on your balls, 
  that is a faulty analogy . 
  an item/servi \u00e7e / website being forbidden because its illegal does not mean that everything that is n't illegal is not forbidden . 
  and the law being breached in a stabbing is n't `` dont stab people with knives , but do n't attack/kill people '' but the problem with sharing sites like piratebay is that they receive multiple notifications to prosecute illegal content and do nothing . 
  torrents by themselves are not illegal , but if facebook suddenly stopped doing anything to tackle forbidden content showing up , not even having a `` report '' option , problems would eventually arise . 
  i am playing devil 's advocate . 
  i do n't think tpb or similar should be banned . 
  because if you notify facebook of the copyright violations they remove the content , but sites like piratebay can not since their whole purpose is to violate copyright law . 
  again , by your argument child porn sites would be alright since its only the * content * that 's illegal . 
  but ... its not . 
  the reason the small ones have n't been blocked is that no-one files charges against them , but all of these sites are illegal by definition . 
  saying that its a break of net neutrality that not all sites are closes is like saying that net neutrality is not being enforced because there are still child porn sites active while some have been closed . 
  but its not the isp 's deciding to block pirate sites . 
  or courts declaring `` block pirate sites '' its the court saying `` this site has violated copyright law , as proved by the process filed by x entity . 
  please block it '' thats the reason no one is blocking bestbrtorrentsgalera.br or something like that . 
  because no one really files anything against small sites . 
  it 's not a violation of eu rights . 
  the isps blocking pirate bay while they have a partnership with kat would be . 
  but they are blocking websites by a court order . 
  shhhh do n't tell him, 
  because cyrillic metadata on a `` hacked '' french e-mail is totally normal . 
  keep in mind that these are also the guys that decided that the best way to fight political elitism is to elect a narcissistic , corporate stooge-appointing billionaire . 
  we used to have an empire i 'll have you know !, 
  the literal paris gun, 
  hei , since we are n't getting oliven\u00e7a back any time soon , why ca n't we take a chunk off poland ? 
  all the cool countries used to do it . 
  how the fuck is doing splits an assertive move ? 
  i mean , sure , if trump did a split i would be very impressed , but not really fearful, 
  our may some kind of uhhh exploded, 
  i was n't even aware the us or any nation provided assistance , i do n't think it is widespread knowledge, 
  there was * some * violence . 
  pide ( secret police ) agents opened fire on random civilians from the rooftops . 
  yup . 
  my mom was from an agricultural family that owned quite a bit of land . 
  they used to bury food to have enough left after the tax men collected , her birthday presents usually was a whole egg , and multiple times her only lunch was an orange . 
  that tells you more about the electorate than the leader does n't it ? 
  unless ofc the leader endorses that position . 
  even less holy , even less roman , but the empire is back with a bang babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  obviously a good kind of boring . 
  no terrorism , no major societal rifts , etc, 
  i know in these times its a good thing , but this is one boring-ass country . 
  no terrorism , social clashes , not even a bit of police violence . 
  when footbal is the breaking news on the afternoon news you know shits still running fine . 
  pretty soon enough all they will have a claim to is to a smoking crater on the ground anyways, 
  1453 worst year of my life fuck you venice traitors, 
  is it even possible to rain * more * in the uk ? 
  how about i do , * anyway * ? 
  not exactly removing the landmass , but alternate history hub has a video on [ what if russia never existed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu6ubxohhdw ), 
  if there are tremors that 's a bad sign, 
  fire at will !, 
  aim for their cannons !, 
  counter-attack !, 
  thunder of guns !, 
  the water has chemicals that turned the frogs gay, 
  perfect, 
  my phone operator here in portugal just tried to sell me a new pricing scheme with `` 500 extra free minutes , 500 extra mb internet , free spotify , and no roaming charges within the european union ! '',
