  here it 's cigano and portuguese has no slavic roots tho, 
  can we ask for money and * then * for women and alcohol, 
  every 3 of them, 
  uncivilised barbarians . 
  aka spanish, 
  you are now the head editor of the sun, 
  the left wing , centrists and moderate rights have multiple parties to pick from . 
  extremists have only one . 
  it 's pretty natural, 
  we know, 
  because the politicians bravely came ahead to dispel those myths ? 
  even the pro eu ones like the tories knew the cash cow anti eu sentiment was , they too had their part is fostering it, 
  that would make sense if the people would disregard all information not presented by the government : they do n't . 
  people will buy into ukip propaganda regardless of their status . 
  and half of parliament are not government but are politicians . 
  if the uk did n't fptp then it would be like 30 % , but i guess the general population is educated enough to distinguish lies and scapegoating from the truth amirite ? 
  politicians does not equal government . 
  far as i know , farage is a politician . 
  the 350 millions to the nhs rather than the eu ? 
  the endless ads bought with party donations about eu over-regulations ? 
  to be fair a good way to bring up a per capita statistic is to decrease the number of people , like what would happen if you starved an entire island, 
  courtesy of british politicians who used the eu as scapegoat to every problem in the country . 
  i think the real problem is the fptp system the us has in place . 
  while a proportional parliamentary system does not resolve all issues and would not fit the us system , since they feel the need for local representatives , there are many viable alternatives . 
  if you are a democrat in texas your vote does n't matter . 
  if you are a republican in new york your vote does n't matter . 
  hell , even your votes tend to be useless in states that swing towards your party . 
  what 's another deluded bernie supporter vote in new york ? 
  just another vote for the 3 million that were ignored . 
  i think its pretty fair to say he validated them . 
  pre-trump they were the extremist loonies , now they feel like politically powerful real representatives of the ( american ) people . 
  laughing ass my off ? 
  sort by controversial and you will find it, 
  i do n't know how significant it is , but celtic tribes where the original inhabitants of northern iberia, 
  northern spain , in particular galicia were originally inhabited by celtic tribes, 
  what kind of arguments are showcased as to why the systematic eradication of a people was not a genocide ? 
  if the holocaust comes up in an out of place setting everyone especially germans get angry , but no one tries to deny it . 
  i have seen a lot of genuine armenian genocide denialism in here .0, 
  or the armenian genocide . 
  every time it comes up in reddit turks lose their shit, 
  same here in portugal . 
  there was a thing in / r/dataisbeautiful that showcased the rise in popularity of right wing parties across europe and iberia remained solidly left . 
  10 % far right lunatics is way too many far right lunatics . 
  memes for the meme god, 
  i never thought the day where we would judge a president 's worth via twitter would arrive . 
  i honestly have no idea what tomorrow will bring . 
  fully exploded communism, 
  huh . 
  that is something romania differs from portugal then : here the president has the power to veto laws that pass parliament, 
  the uk 's `` serious reforms '' consisted mostly of blaming the eu for domestic issues to score political capital . 
  unemployment ? 
  eu , immigrants ? 
  eu , economical crisis ? 
  or it would be europe 's iraq, 
  or , and i find this more likely , they remain willfully ignorant . 
  people had the power to change things with the referendum . 
  they voted without knowledge anyway, 
  its not a direct democracy on the real sense of the definition . 
  there would be no representatives in a direct democracy since the people would vote on every single issue . 
  as is there are representatives that make most decisions , leaving some to public will . 
  and again , the problem is n't so much as people not voting , its that people vote without knowledge of what they are voting on . 
  you are n't going to change that by giving them more power , you can by educating them . 
   either that or swiss people are generally less stupid than other places . 
  yes . 
  better education than most countries , especially rural england/wales . 
  people do n't get more responsible if you give them more power , educated people do that . 
  the main problem with any of these kinds of referendums is that the general public is far too ignorant on these matters to make an informed decision . 
  `` what is the eu '' was trending after the vote . 
  people do n't understand the eu , do n't understand economics , do n't understand geopolitics , very little of managing a country at all , and if you give them the power to vote they will vote based on their often incorrect presumptions and propaganda . 
  indirect democracy is far more present because of this . 
  even in switzerland you do n't have a full direct democracy , or are people voting on the budget , on the trash collection routines , etc etc ? 
  i do n't think the eu would be too happy after this kind of destabilisation . 
  wait and see i guess . 
  and say that rather than brexit the referendum was `` should we expel the jews ? '', 
  i 'm trying not to pass the wrong impression here , but tyranny of the majority is a concept since greek democracy . 
  if the people are not properly informed , they fall to populism and propaganda . 
  misinformation was the second name of this referendum , with both sides spewing lies and inaccuracies . 
  the problem with that is that triggering article fifty is the point of no return . 
  even if the deal is awful after 2 years of negotiations , i do n't think the eu can accept a `` nah mates we stayin '', 
  there is also the problem of constituencies and fptp voting . 
  most districts voted leave since remainer 's where mostly concentrated on bigger cities . 
  since mp 's represent constituencies , the parliament does not represent the will of the people but of the districts . 
  a similar problem occurs in the us . 
  remainer 's were mostly concentrated on bigger cities where their numbers get diluted into half a dozen or so constituencies while the rural regions voting leave make a large number and so , despite having less people have more representative power . 
  by that logic africa is doing all the spending since all humans are descendants from there . 
  the ussr had a much larger economy and a much larger space program . 
  the russian federation does not, 
  velcro , for one . 
  survival blankets as well . 
  turns out russia kept the chess game going after we left anyways, 
  you know when you open a history book and read about the eims dispatch , gravillo princip , the danzig ultimatum etc ? 
  i feel like that in here . 
  i have this ominous feeling that we are at a cliff 's edge and there is no way to tell what 's coming . 
  the whole western would could fall apart with russia installing a puppet in the us and successfully funding isolationist movements in farage and lepen , or we could do a 180 and end up even more united . 
  or maybe nothing changes . 
  who knows . 
  history in the making . 
  while the high-ranking nazi leadership was purged , its not like they went around shooting anyone who wasnt anti-nazi . 
  there was a reeducation campaign , and that had way more impact imo, 
  while you can beat the party , you ca n't really beat the opinions out of people .
