i get 200mb/s for 25 $ in portugal . 
  not record breaking , but i moved to it from 5mb/s . 
  updating a game crashed the internet for everybody else, 
  it was `` successful '' in terms of objectives , but when you invade a country with an army many orders of magnitude smaller than yours and achieve a phyrric victory you ca n't really boast about it, 
  i 'm sure the massive collect of people that have left leaning political views all agree to call you that . 
  immigration is not a left/right issue , splitting people on both sides . 
  to mark an entire half of the political spectrum as diseased is wrong on so many levels , it 's the kind of rethoric you expect to hear from a fascist/communist regime . 
  nothing good has ever come out of bundling large groups of people under a single category . 
  i agree that we need to establish rational upfront dialogue on this issue without brandishing the xenophobic , racist tags around . 
  but we do that with respect and upholding the values of a democracy where people with opposing views are treated as equals and not as mental patients . 
  way to go to mark people that oppose your political views as having `` mental disorders '', 
  not to a referendum however , and that was my point . 
  they might have the majority in parliament , but the majority of people were already unhappy with their rule, 
  the major flaw of democracy . 
  willing idiots get as much of a saying as educated voters . 
  sad , but necessary to avoid a collapse or dictatorial overthrow, 
  just to chime in that the uk has first past the post , the government never had overwhelming support . 
  the motherboard thing resonated here in portugal . 
  having gaming as a hobby is expensive here , our minimum wage is 500 $ , and the average game costs 1/10th of that . 
  with similar prices in rent and utilities , it gets so frustrating to think that for people in france or germany or the us they can just dish out that amount of cash with not as much worry as i, 
  just wait . 
  there were n't any in 1936 either, 
  hitler was elected , salazar was elected . 
  shittons of dictators were elected and almost all of them arrested ` coupers , plotters , enemies of the state , etc ' . 
  `` they are just arresting the criminals , the plotters , the enemies '' is a sentence that was said hundreds of times across history . 
  you can keep fooling yourself , but it is a powergrab . 
  just days after the coup thousands of judges , teachers and intellectuals were arrested . 
  even if they are , as you say , ` releasing the innocents ' , arresting everyone and then investigating them is antidemocratic action . 
  guilty until proven otherwise . 
  i believe that applies to the seaside mansions , pleb . 
  whenever i get close to that region , spanish radio and cellphone networks take over portuguese ones ... 
  conspiracy, 
  at least not above ground level, 
  map creator meant the selvagens i think, 
  ` from spain , neither good winds nor good marriages ' it 's a complicated love/hate relationship . 
  not with galicia tho , we love you guys, 
  [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/fkugdal.jpg ) is pretty good too, 
  icelands getting uppity after that euro show, 
  speaking of which , what about some border adjustments ? 
  i , for one , always wondered how the hagia sophia would look without minarets, 
  some people might do the mistake of equating nato to un , but if turkey attacked a member state they would get bitchslapped so hard, 
  is always booze time in portugal except when it 's sleeping time, 
  as if iberians need a designated party region . 
  that 's wherever there is booze and the ground is relatively flat ( so we do n't fall when we `` re hammered ), 
  perhaps sincronized clapping is n't such an unimaginably complex concept that several people 's ca n't come up with the idea simultaneously ? 
  the icelands are copying an old viking war chant , but that does n't mean that the general idea was n't present in multiple cultures simultaneously, 
  inb4 france votes in favour of sanctions for portugal, 
  off the top of my head i recall a portuguese bycicle kick and a french missile . 
  our goalkeeper ( patricio ) has been a consistent star, 
  galicia would join us voluntarily , return to the glory of the roman administration . 
  then we would crusade together once more . 
  snifff . 
  ( during the roman times the galician-portuguese area was all the same , that 's why there is a lot of cultural similarities . 
  we love our northern brothers . ), 
  we tend to keep a untrusty eye against castilian ( still wondering when the next invasion is i guess ) , and the aragon region is a wild loose cannon, 
  i never implied in my comment that i was smarter than anyone . 
  in fact i very much admitted my own ignorance regarding economic and political matters . 
  i understand how it might seem a condescending tone tho , and i apologise . 
  and regarding the fisherman example , it is very true that the tory government does n't give a rat 's ass about any part of the country that is n't london or the southeast . 
  almost all other regions of the uk get more funding out of the eu than what they put onto it . 
  unless the new government changes this , all those people will suffer even more . 
  and you ca n't exactly pinpoint issues such as loss of quality of life on a single cause like the eu . 
  there are many many variables in it , from the government itself , corporations , market forces , the eu policy makers , etc i just think that it would be best for everyone if we learned about basic economics and politics in highschool . 
  same for taxes and things like that . 
  no matter what you 're defending , ignorance is never good . 
  i would have 0 issues with any vote if the people had this knowledge , but were still of the honest opinion that things would be better this way and then made a conscious vote in that direction . 
  but in most democracies what we currently have is people voting more and more on what people promise them rather than what can realistically be accomplished . 
  i am part of the problem , i recognise that . 
  i do n't know shit about economy , market forces , politics etc. 
  i do n't know my local representatives , their platforms or everything else . 
  i am making an effort to change that however , and an educated voting base is always good . 
  does n't mean everything will turn out nice and dandy tho, 
  i never said that the minority is right either . 
  democracy would be perfect if the people even had a small idea on what they are voting on , but alas , it is not . 
  it is still the best system we have , and even if sometimes it leads to masses ` driving the bus down a ravine ' , is the only way to make sure the conductor is not a power hungry tyrant . 
  i just wish the average voter had more knowledge regarding politics and economics , myself including . 
  you only hear about it on specialized university courses . 
  how many uk voters still have no idea on what the eu , the common market , the justice court are or how they operate ? 
  ignorance is never good , it 's easy and feels nice , but never leads to good things, 
  everyone in favour vote yes . 
  siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, 
  j'aime beaucoup de banana because no tiene pas de caro\u00e7o . 
  lots of good that did us when they sent us an ultimatum d : britain would rather nuke the darn rock before giving it to someone, 
  for pretty borders and the lulz, 
  portugal finds opportunities . 
  we help spain take gibraltar in exchange for oliven\u00e7a . 
  maybe ceuta too, 
  its a perfect showcase of the flaws of democracy imo . 
  a huge number of people completely ignorant regarding economics or politics just possibly screwed everything up for the next generations . 
  grab the scopeless snipers , snow in your mouth , white drabs and ski-gear the russians are coming, 
  there is a god and its name is pain, 
  at least you have the correct flair , since it seems scotland and n. ireland want to leave . 
  might even bring wales back from the grave, 
  at which point , for all intents and purposes , it is as if it had dried out . 
  at a certain point it costs more to take it off the ground than what it 's worth . 
  we better have other energy sources by then, 
  a different angle as portrayed by [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3zfg14cqb8 ) very well made video is that an earlier date would n't have made much of a difference . 
  the german logistics and transports were already stretched to oblivion , winter just came along to crush it . 
  the number of men lost to the winter was n't that huge . 
  the problem was those men running out of supplies since the trucks were frozen in the mud , the horses were dying , the roads were impassable etc,
