  if my parent had stayed for a little while longer in my grandparents house i might not be here . 
  its much more harmful the fact that the media will now masturbate over the fires for days . 
  its our version of the columbine copy-cat effect . 
  portugal gets really hot in the summer usually . 
  gets real bad in july-august usually , but one of the reasons you do n't find many climate scheptics here is that the weather gets wackier every single year, 
  i think any potential pyromaniac would have a heat stroke crossing crossing the street, 
  the floor is lava was originally invented in iberia as a survival mechanism, 
  tbh the nazar\u00e9 is a special case . 
  the douro river used to hit the ocean there for a long time before it shifted to its current location , so the water currents have dug a `` canyon '' ( canh\u00e3o da nazar\u00e9 ) from the shallow waters to the deep sea . 
  water loaded with sand particles etc travels southwards along the coast and deposits it 's load there . 
  eventually with weight there is a shift that produces miniature tsunamis . 
  but yes , the atlantic is a very different beast from the mediterranean . 
  colder , cleaner , more violent and less salty, 
  the nutsack is a good thermometer . 
  and given the fact that i could go sailing with the sweaty loose one i have right now , this weather can fuck off, 
  i 'm pretty sure forcing someone to work construction outdoors at 40 \u00b0 c in direct sunlight is a human rights violation, 
  what 's going on in my country ? 
  show me the gold . 
  that 's the price increase on my current one . 
  atm i have 500minutes of calls to any network , unlimited texts , 500mb of internet for 9.5 $ a month, 
  i am a representative of the government and this cookie has been flagged as a potential terrorist threat . 
  in the name of her supreme majesty mecha-may , i am confiscating your cookie . 
  in 2011 , the law was set so that parliament is elected for five years , the last elections being in 2015 , so the tories would have enjoyed a confortable majority till 2020 at least , but they saw the opportunity to get a majority till 2022 , but it backfired amazingly, 
  theresa may called these snap elections to strengthen the tory majority with objective presenting a `` strong and stable '' government to the brexit negotiations . 
  instead she lost the majority altogether . 
  she had also said that if she lost even 6 seats she would step down and corbin would be pm , but that was probably just unbacked boasting . 
  right now the tories might be able to form a coalition with a smaller irish conservative party , but that would lower their popularity and force them to negotiate . 
  labour can theoretically form a majority coalition , but it would take most parties , including the snp , joining them , which is unlikelly a snap election is an election that is called by the pm ahead of time . 
  they usually happen in what , 5 year cycles , but the pm can call an early one at any time, 
  they might just give her reddit silver during the negotiations . 
  not strong enough for gold tho, 
  we have negotiated a compromise, 
  * laughs in european *, 
  their brand is going to be hurt in decades regardless once the seniors start passing away . 
  when she called it polls told that the conservatives would get even more seats . 
  plus , it would give them 5 more years , and legitimise may . 
  if the election took longer it would be even worse . 
  corbin is somewhat charismatic , while may has all the personality of a field of wheat someone stepped on . 
  yup . 
  after brexit may stepped in she said she would not call a snap election . 
  but the polls showed that the conservatives would win even more seats , and secure their government for 5 extra years . 
  but it seems the british where shocked by brexit and there was a higher turnout , especially among the younger left leaning generations . 
  so may 's now out of a majority , and there is really no-one to form a coalition with since every other party but ukip ran especially against the tories and ukip is getting wiped . 
  the left-wing parties are usually much more in favour of a `` soft '' brexit . 
  their original idea was no brexit at all , but in general , if the tories and their anti-internet freedom , anti-social sevices politics are kept from having a majority , its probably going to mean a much closer relationship between the eu and the uk . 
  that is if . 
  the uk is a first past the post system , which means a large number of seats could suddenly swap sides . 
  by the election polls it would take every single other party joining forces , unlikely at best . 
  not sure how it works on the uk , but here in portugal its possible . 
  the entire left-wing formed a coalition to take the throne from the right wing party . 
  then blabbers around the room like a baloon . 
  by the exit polls , it seems the conservatives are still going to win , but they lose quite a number of seats and their majority . 
  a potential alliance between parties might even de-throne them , but its unlikely . 
  * we can solidify our position in parliament by holding a brexit referendum !, 
  its not like its ever gon na win ! '', 
  * brexit wins * shit , at least now we can get even more seats with a snap election * loses seats *, 
  i ca n't tell if this is the darkest or the dankest timeline . 
  from the eu i am happy to see that the british people have n't gone completely bonkers and that brexit actually served as a wake up call for the younger generations . 
  sad to see the tories will probably still win , but losing their majority now is a major game-changer , when they called the snap election to solidify it . 
  what did the treaty of versailles say about sailboats ? 
  i feel cheated . 
  i always heard that it was one of henry the discoverer 's doings , establishing a naval officer school, 
  just like how in berlin the people immediately found the closest guy with a turban and detained him !, 
  and again , what 's your proposed solution ? 
  the way we did it there was still a civil war and a regular war on top of it . 
  after centuries of exploitation shit 's going to get fucked regardless . 
  at that point you can do nothing but damage control , and the thing that should 've been done would be a negotiation for a peaceful transition and the gradual withdrawing of the portuguese that feared retaliation rather than a massive wave all at once . 
  by `` if they have a civil war its on them '' i did n't mean `` its their fault '' . 
  i meant that if a civil war breaks out after independence is granted then its not our business . 
  he protected a small group of companies whose ceo 's had close ties to him by sending the secret police wreck the shit out of any competition , allowing the industry to survive even without modernising or innovating . 
  so when the country opened , most of them were destroyed . 
  hell is full of good intentions . 
  again . 
  we were poor before salazar , and if you check the wealth of the average portuguese , we were still as poor . 
  all the economic growth meant shit because it was achieved by taxing the shit out of the people and exporting the grain and food they produced , and the money was stuffed into state coffers and the pockets of elites . 
  and its a flawed argument . 
  salazar was not the only factor that changed between those periods so you ca n't pin the entire thing on him . 
  i really do n't understand your doubts . 
  grant . 
  independence . 
  you know , like britain and france did . 
  negotiate with the leaders of the opposition to have a transition and do it . 
  if they then have a civil war its on them , rather than sending thousands of men to die in our version of vietnam . 
  the reason you ca n't make that argument is because you ca n't equate a democratic government with necessarily joining the war . 
  switzerland did n't join the war , sweden did n't join the war , ireland did n't join the war , all democratic . 
  by your argument they should have joined one side or the other due to the pressure . 
  `` without getting his relatives rich '' lol . 
  salazar benefited immensely the elites and close ones to him, 
  all of that growth served only the corporatist elite . 
  my mom lived during the dictatorship and it was common for farmers to bury food to have enough after the tax collector came by . 
  there would be no attacks on portuguese settlers had the portuguese disbanded the colonial empire and granted independence like every other country did . 
  you ca n't do an argument like `` if we were democratic we would have joined the war '' that 's just stupid . 
  a lot of this revisionism is out of propaganda . 
  sure the economy grew , but keep in mind that from 1 to 2 its a 100 % increase . 
  economic growth is a worthless measure if the population is still poor , rural , uneducated and isolated . 
  salazar 's efforts at corporativism killed portuguese industry for examplr, 
  and salazar , being the power hungry dictator was the perfect name for the power hungry wizard , bonus point for sounding so creepy, 
  china wondering why europeans do n't use the tibet strategy anymore, 
  no potato no suggestion such is lyf, 
  same borders since the 1300 's , i 'd say it 's a finished prpduct,
