ahh are you romanian ? 
  i guess if you talking about a `` notorious family '' like you know there is a very loud family in the neighbourhood and they are rude etc. . . 
  yeah but i talked about to visit romania , not transylvania :-), 
  yeah like macedonia is a rich country or something :-), 
  pst , catholic serbia , there is no problem here :-), 
  romania ? 
  idk , i heard about the beautiful black sea beaches in bulgaria , maybe this also true for romania ? 
  ( i obviously know the fact romania is connected to the black sea ), 
  ravioli , ravioli , where is my ... ? 
  :-) btw it\u00e1lia also seems like a nice place , just like spain , or portugal :-), 
  greek people are nice generally.if you want to trigger them , just mention debt and macedonia in the same sentence :-), 
  were ... shit ... i should n't use multiple autocorrect at the same time ... not relevant just asking, 
  holy shit , so no turkey , no north africa , no usa ... dam the greeks will get an economic boost :-), 
  you were east german ? 
  nice, 
  i see , thanks for the info !, 
  maybe they used a bigger box for the ballots at some places , so that 's why it 's not folded . 
  lol why do they think that if they turn off the street lights people will go home ? 
  instead they give them more fuel ... 
  he is a greedy business man , but not god , or in our case the satan ... 
  or just a smart way to avoid pay taxes ... i would n't call it fair when some companies does n't pay any kind of tax and therefore they are cheaper than others ... 
  just like finnish people call themselves in their language suomalainen , we call our self magyar.although if i speak with foreigners i stick with the hungary . 
  i also wondering that fact ... only a tiny portion of russia is part of europe ( geographically ), 
  i see you are a man of culture as well . 
  in hungary they also ransacked whole libraries and some museums ... 
  of course the soviet union would not let it coz that would weaken their influence ... 
  lmao same here , if i read about a hungarian `` citizen '' commited crime abroad , i could easily suspect just from the family name the guy was a gypsy ( ors\u00f3s , kolomp\u00e1r , ect ... ), 
  romanians from bucharest tend to be more `` racist '', 
  and probably he is living in bucharest, 
  probably romanian the guy, 
  correct.but we should agree , lower internet penetration is not good for the economy.it 's essential for people who is still studying or working somewhere and optional for retired old people , it 's nothing to do with the awesome weather , food , or people . 
  i disagree with you , internet is very important these days . 
  it 's still a mystery for me , without papers it 's hard to travel there i guess . 
  or a fraud, 
  hmmmm czech republic ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i wondering how did she end up there ? 
  i mean not like iceland is bad place , but it 's pretty far away from the average refugee routes . 
  nahh that 's toooooo main stream mate !, 
  commie, 
  in hungary oligarchs build themselves from eu money ... : - /, 
  can you link some source ? 
  but his wife is from hungary, 
  exactly, 
  basque also, 
  hungarian , finish , estonian plz !, 
  yes , i know there was some dutch un soldiers in jugoslavia, 
  '' i saw how a young boy of about ten was killed by serbs in dutch uniform . '', 
  how , and why in dutch uniform ? 
  idk , i saw here some crazy censorship sooooo many times, 
  nice ideas guys , but prepare for the europe subreddit censorship, 
  popular for illegal activities, 
  that 's good to know , mate !, 
  most of them live in a relatively peaceful country ... they just come to the eu for the high social benefits , mate . 
  i agree, 
  but they are punctual and trustable ? 
  the difference is huge ? 
  nice ... 
  dozens of comments deleted , why ? 
  edgy shit here :-) btw what if i am throwing old books on the fire only for warming myself ? 
  but now they can physically travel there , and maybe it 's easier to find a job therefore, 
  i wondering , after this can they more easily find a job there ? 
  maybe this is a way for hungary to hire more ukrainian workers ? 
  you should go to greece, 
  i heard there was a conflict between germany and switzerland when germany bought information about tax avoiders :-), 
  just kidding man :-) , btw the eu politicians really should do something with this, 
  lithuania and latvia are the others one , right ? 
  funny thing , i have a muslim classmate in the university and he did n't come to the school since ramad\u00e1n, 
  and no saud arabians !, 
  maybe :-) but her guests also ? 
  yeah that 's what i thought, 
  too far away, 
  for me that tv in that position does n't make any sense , i mean it 's too low to watch it if you standing ... 
  no , this was kid flash fault, 
  more like diabetes shelf, 
  and if you finish the school here can you find a job easily and also get a long residence permit ? 
  some people would think bosnia and herzegovina would be two places like towns , not a country . 
  hmmm ok\u00e9 :-) btw is it hard to get visa in the eu ? 
  hmm true :-) . 
  btw what and where are you studying now ? 
  well yeah , but perhaps the weather in mexico is better than here  ( although recently the amount of sunshine here was pretty good ), 
  ohh nice :-) are you an exchange student here , or you have dutch ancestors ? 
  where are you from ? 
  you mean the kids of the wife if they are under 18 ? 
  or they can bring the adult children , brothers , sisters , and parents also ? 
  if the pakistanis and indians marry from the homeland , why ca n't they bring their spouses with them ? 
  i do n't think this is related to the eu . 
  so now more people can get a job in the uk from the commonwealth ? 
  ahhh and is this true ? 
  why the hell would he think that ? 
  so uk get rid of the eastern european workers , and instead they will invite more people from much far away places like africa ? 
  dam boi ... you know interesting people that 's for sure !, 
  `` surprisingly '' similar thing happened in hungary also ... 
  they want good welfare , safety is not enough for them ... even if hungary and poland accept them in the country , most of the refugees will leave the country in the same week ... 
  also heroes might and magic 2, 
  yeah i also thought something like this , like some of the house do n't have electricity in it ? 
  is it hard to keep warm this types of building in cold weather ? 
  btw in winter how cold is there usually ? 
  hmmm terror in resonance ? 
  did they do a background check on the guy who did the background checkers background check ? 
  i think people who can afford living in the eu a bit higher than middle class,
