it was incepted by st. valentine , so yes , it 's pretty old and not american . 
  the hyper-commercialization , however , is . 
  not so much ' `` american '' as `` hyper-commercialized '' . 
  things like : * halloween * valentine 's day * christmas * easter * graduations are commercialized as fuck and advertisement blasts you nearly 24/7 with how you should buy this as a gift and how you can improve the holiday by buying that for yourself . 
  up until a few years ago , we had `` negerk\u00fcsse '' ( `` negro 's kisses '' ) which is whipped cream on a biscuit with a chocolate glaze . 
  nowadays , they 're usually called `` schokok\u00fcsse '' ( `` chocolate 's kisses '' ) also , little firecrackers on a string were called `` judenf\u00fcrzle '' ( `` little jew farts '' ) , but i do n't know what they 're called officially . 
  agreed . 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germanic_peoples ) is pretty interesting , if anybody wants some more reading !, 
  the different names come from the different tribes of people that lived in what would later be germany . 
  for example : * allemande ( french ) comes from the allemannen tribe * germany ( english ) comes from the germanen tribe keep in mind that tribe in this case describes a semi-coherent group of people , not neccessarily a tight-knit group of tribesmen and - women . 
  aww , you guys ... < 3 but seriously , the franco-german friendship is really awesome . 
  vive la france !, 
  yeah , that explains a lot . 
  idk about sputnik , but rt is basically `` how do we spin this into panikmache ? '', 
  masquerading as news, 
  some good things already said ( especially by / u/thewindinthewillows ) , but i might as well chime in . 
  who is lying to you ? 
  possibly sensationalist media , most definitively those you linked . 
  * yes , there were instances where migrants/refugees ( it 's important to differentiate between the two , but thats a whole other bucket of worms ) commited crimes . 
  they are by no means saints . 
  * are they as disruptive and destructive as some sites would have you believe ? 
  no , absolutely not . 
  if you believed those sites , germany were a wastelands , plagued by roaming hordes of sexually-depraved refugees , raping and stealing while nothing is being done about it . 
  last time i lived here ( y' know , right now ) , that 's not the case * what 's the social climate like ? 
  agitated is a good word . 
  people are afraid of what they do n't know , they 're scared for their social standing , for their families and themselves . 
  and they are more than happy to believe when demagogues tell them what they want to hear and say yes to inhumane policies that might seemingly solve the problem but ulitmately make matters worse . 
  and with the election coming up , panic votes for extremist parties are a very real thing . 
  tldr : no , we 're not overrun by foreigners . 
  no , they 're not devils , but they 're no angels either . 
  they 're regular human beings with assholes and good guys/gals . 
  things are slowly ( and i mean slowly ) improving . 
  if you want to come to germany , prepare for some perveived coldness . 
  you need to whittle down the tough german exterior to get to the gooey core . 
  if you compared it to pre-2001 , then sure . 
  but more recently ? 
  no , i think not . 
  i still feel very safe . 
  we should n't give in to panic . 
  even when a thousand angry right-wing americans write about how europe is being destroyed this very second , how there are no-go zones and so on , that does n't make it true . 
  it 's fine . 
  basically anything that 's broadcasted on rtl/rtl2 . 
  they have made it their forte to show ` reality tv ' which is basically douchebags standing in semi-circles , yelling at each other while gesticulating like crazy . 
  there 's one show in particular that drives me up the wall : blauchlichreport ( a cheap knock-off of ` cops ' from the us ) . 
  it follows ` police officers ' around on their daily routine . 
  strangely , the average day of a police officer in germany apparently includes driving to suburbia , entering a house on some flimsy reason , then finding some half-naked woman ( so the viewer does n't get bored ) . 
  instead of letting the naked people they find get dressed , they arrange themselves into ( you guessed it ) a semi-circle and let them accuse each other of whatever the hell the comatose writers came up this week . 
  tldr : shows on rtl . 
  they 're basically really shitty softcore porn with some stupid ` story ' tacked on . 
  `` water under the bridge '' i just love how evocative the imagery is . 
  it 's done , i have forgiven you , the issue has passed us like water rushing by under a bridge . 
   but above that age-line , you still have plenty of people that ca n't imagine it . 
  but what are their arguments ? 
  they have none except trying to shame those who consume it . 
  meanwhile they themselves drink and smoke tobacco heavily . 
  it 's so hypocritical !, 
  the green party does some campaigning to get it legalized , but you 're right , it 's not seen as a pressing issue, 
  imo : * keeping cannabis illegal does n't keep people from smoking it - it just forces them to do it illegaly , where they 're not protected by consumer protection . 
  * it ties up police forces in having to arrest some kids who smoked a blunt on their balcony instead of having those officers for far more serious crimes . 
  * making cannabis legal would open up a whole new source of income for the state : cannabis taxes . 
  * keeping cannabis illegal does n't make sense as long as alcohol and tobacco are legal . 
  the only difference between them is that the latter have a better lobby . 
  saying cannabis is a gateway drug fails to recognize that alcohol and tobacco are deeply ingrained into modern culture tldr : making cannabis legal is the next logical step . 
  it protects the consumer and opens up a new income source for the state . 
  if you think it should be illegal , then so should be alcohol and tobacco , but nobody wants that , so just make it legal, 
  it 's very appreciated . 
  it shows the other person took the time and actually adapted to where they 're going . 
  even if its horribly butchered , the effort alone shows respect . 
  there 's nothing quite as arrogant as just * expecting * someone to accomodate you because you could n't be bothered to learn a few sentences, 
  and i really [ hate you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4vwxlgh43m ) !, 
  you take that back you uneducated swine !, 
  i met a few in the university-run sports courses , and they 've been really nice . 
  mingling with the natives is important , so get out and do some extracurricular stuff !, 
  do n't just keep tp the other exchange students !, 
  you 're in a brand new country , go make some brand new friends !, 
  my advice : if you do n't know the language yet , get to it !, 
  you do n't even need to be fluent , even a few words will show you 're putting in the effort !, 
  we 've had a dedicated far-right party for years ( npd ) , but they 're exlusively nutjobs and nobody takes them seriously . 
  now , there 's a new kid on the block - the afd . 
  they combine the far-right spectrum with middle-right ` besorgte b\u00fcrger ' ( concerned citizens ) that are n't xenophobic per-se , but are rather worried about the future . 
  the afd preys on these concerned people and gives them a clear target for their frustrations : the current government , the foreigners , the left , etc. 
  because their voters are n't exclusively neonazis ( as was the case with the npd ) , they can hide behind the excuse `` no , no , we 're really representing the majority of german citizens !, 
  all who decry us as nazis just want to silence us !, 
  '' , while they 're spewing their hateful bile . 
  and the martyr-angle seems to be working so far, 
  i 've seen one meme about how we should n't trust people from the pfalz ( the area where trumps family is from ) , along with pictures of other notable , controversial people from that region . 
  other than that , no . 
  his bizarre policies are enough to keep you convinced he 's a nutjob . 
  not a big deal ( if it 's not someone openly masturbating ) . 
  essentially nudists ) are pretty prevalent , especially in the east . 
  being nude is just a fact of life , and if it happens , it happens . 
  that said , it is somewhat ... icky ? 
  i do n't know how to describe it . 
  it 's not * bad * , but i would n't mind * not * having to look at a wrinkly old penis or an old lady 's sagging boobs when i 'm out swimming . 
  and it 's never young , attractive people . 
  * no traffic , red light , just me : i 'll cross the street even when it 's red . 
  no big deal * no traffic , red light , me and others ( especially young children ) : you can bet your ass i 'm gon na wait . 
  we 've got a vorbildfunktion ( role model ) to these kids . 
  if they see that you 're disregarding the ampelm\u00e4nnchen , they might do the same and run in front of a car or something tldr : we do n't do it as much , and when we do it , it 's for education, 
  we went to a baggersee the other day and did n't know it had an fkk area .
