  was quite a surprise to see a guy just letting it all hang in the wind , reading his paper with no care in the world, 
  yeah , this is a real problem in germany . 
  having no cash on you can be a real problem , since even in the big cities you ca n't be certain that you can pay with card everywhere, 
   after a few weeks/months their heads would be pretty easy to penetrate even with smaller caliber i think you highly overestimate the decomposition of a zombie head . 
   we also have a lot of places you could easily bunker down . 
  a lot of older towns or villiages even have some old fortifications , forts or castles left . 
  i think that 's where we shine . 
  lots of old fortifications and massivbauten , small entryways that can easily be secured . 
  leaves just the question of guns and ammo, 
  man , imagine the horror that is a flooded city with zombies just lurking beneath the surface !, 
  depends which kind of zombie : fast and agile : we 're all fucked slow but steady : somewhat better but still * thanks to solid ( stone or concrete ) construction , homes would be much better to defend than the ( wooden ) american homes that are usually depicted in zombie films . 
  * because guns are much rarer in germany than in the us , we 'd have to improvise with gardening tools , kitchen utensils , etc. 
  * as with the rest of the world , rural areas would fare much better than urban centers . 
  meaning a majority of the people are fucked either way, 
  seriously . 
  it 's the not-so-subtle smugness with which it 's usually said that gets real annoying real fast, 
  almost . 
  she wanted to hike from italy to jerusalem . 
  she started in italy and got all the way to turkey before she was murdered . 
  imo , germans and austrians are very similar . 
  so much so in fact , that a foreigner could n't tell them apart . 
  the similarities are even more pronounced when you compare austrians to bavarians , their immediate neighbours in germany . 
  did n't know there were russians who have this fixation on germany , but here goes : * german ( or western , for that matter ) trademarks are popular in russia because of the cold war . 
  soviet production was kinda shitty ( compared to western production standards ) , so wearing something obviously western meant that you had money , as well as connections to someone who could get you something from the west . 
  that equated ( and still equates , to some degree ) , social standing * loanwords are n't that specific to german-russian relations , it just shows 2 languages have had contact over a period of time . 
  even english has some german loanwords like zeitgeist , blitz , kindergarten , rucksack , spiel , and so on . 
  * russians wanting to be german : do n't know much about that , but it could just be people living in russia identifying more with german lifestyle . 
  * simmilarily , there are people in germany ( mostly eastern , former ddr ) that want to be russian/part of russia . 
  there 's even a petition to get russia to annex saxony . 
  those nutjobs usually want a strong authoritarian leader ( putin ) to tell them what to do and enforce traditional societal roles ( concerning gender , sexuality , nationalism , race , etc ), 
  being integrated means : * speaking the language * having a job * socializing with the natives * respecting local customs and laws if you cross all of those points , you 're integrated , but i 'd say you 're on the right path if you show the * willingness * to let this new country become your home . 
  it 's the show of respect that makes me want you to live here . 
  yes , please keep telling us what 's going in in our own countries . 
  i apparently have some remnants of swabian when i speak , although living in saxony has surpressed that quite a bit . 
  the funny thing is that i immediately start to speak ( bad ) swabian again once i come home for the holidays, 
  it always sounds like you 're choking !, 
  i kid , i kid , but seriously - the ammount of * chr * sounds in your everyday language is astonishing . 
  native : german fluent : english can ask for directions and introduce myself : french i wanted to improve my french for a while now , but / r/languagepals is a dead subreddit : /, 
  bbq not so much , more just regular grilling . 
  that , we do with a passion , though . 
  nah , i do n't think they 've increased much in numbers , they 're just a lot more comfortable showing their ugly side in public due to the success of populist parties in europe, 
  it 's kinda true : lots of far-right nutcases crave the kind of strong-man-leader-type who tolerates no opposition that putin is . 
  to them , russia is this nationalistic utopia without immigrants ( or generally brown people ) , a clearly defined leader-figure , easy targets to shift the blame to ( gays , muslims , the west ) , and clearly defined gender roles . 
  it 's a weird sight : for how homophobic the hardcore far-right is , they want to suck putins dick real bad . 
  it sure has the negative connotations now , but it 's not illegal to name your kid adolf ( some older people also have the name ), 
  there 's plenty of accents and dialects in germany . 
  some are more understandable than others , and some have positive or negative connotations . 
  older people sometimes * only * speak their dialect , meaning that a german native might have problems communicating with them . 
  some examples are : * swabian , spoken by the people of swabia in south-western germany . 
  has lots of simmilarities with french and the german-french mix of the elass-lothringen region . 
  the stereotypical german accent . 
  makes you think of lederhosen , dirndl , beer ( more specifically , the weizenbier ) and the oktoberfest . 
  spoken by the people of saxony , lower saxony and sachsen-anhalt . 
  has the connotations of hillbillies ( see : tal der ahnungslosen ) because of the relative isolation of the saxon region during the cold war, 
  of course . 
  cooking at home is way cheaper , if more time-consuming and laborous . 
  for example , you could fix yourself a dish of spagetti and a simple sauce for around 1 $ ( even lower if you hunt for schn\u00e4ppchen ) , while the same dish costs around 4-5 $ in a restaurant or even a d\u00f6ner shop . 
  plus , takeout is usually soaked in oil and super fatty . 
  it 's easy and quick , yes , but you 'll hate yourself afterwards if you caught one of the bad ones, 
  no way in hell would you be able to buy a gun without background checks or a hunting license or something simmilar , at least not in any self-respecting and legal gun shop, 
  in germany : depending on which weiterf\u00fchrende schule you go to ( some are art-oriented , others focus on languages or sports ) , you learn english mandatorily from 5th grade on . 
  in ( usually ) 8th grade , you can choose between either another language ( often french or latin , but russian , spanish and polish are n't unheard of ) or something different ( advanced math/art , etc ), 
  a little bit . 
  fear-mongering about the possibility of falling * down * the social latter surely drove the middle class into the nsdap 's arms . 
  coupled with classical ideas of `` biedermeier '' ( conservative ideas about family , as well as seeking refuge in the private life ) the national socialists used ( classical gender roles ) must 've surely resonated with the otherwise weary , conservative crowd . 
  but that 's just my senf, 
  idk if it 's covered as much in other countries , but the weimar republic and the roaring twenties are important topics here in germany , mainly as a lead-up as on why national socialism took root so effectively, 
  in central/northern europe : not at all . 
  the climate and air humidity during the winter prevent forest fires , and even during the summers it rarely gets so dry that a forest fire breaks out . 
  it 's uncommon , but not unheard of, 
  i know !, 
  accent give a language its twist . 
  i 'm from stuttgart , so south-western germany . 
  i think you 'll be fine with your english as long as you stick to the big cities and younger people ( rural areas and older people tend to only speak german , and sometimes even only their native dialect at all ) . 
  english is very commonly spoken ( but get used to the accent  ) . 
  however , it 's always good and nice to have at least some basics of the language . 
  ( do you speak english ? ) . 
  also , do n't forget to use the formal `` sie '' when adressing people you do n't know , just like the french `` vous '' . 
  it 's considered rude to adress someone older than you / unknown to you with the informal `` du '', 
  depends on the theatres . 
  the big ones in the middle of the city mostly show mainstream hollywood film , while the more niche theatres also show local movies and `` artsy '' film project by polish , french , hungarian and other language directors as well, 
  why did i learn english : it was mandatory in school , and i 'm glad it was . 
  maybe 70 % of the entertainment i consume is english . 
  how do i treat international tourists : if you ask me something , i 'll try to respond to you . 
  if you only speak english , that 's okay . 
  i 'll just switch . 
  but if you plan to stay for extended periods of time , it would be a nice courtesy to at least learn a few basics of my language . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  english is the lingua franca of the world for a reason . 
  just do n't expect everybody to speak it . 
  well , dresden 's nickname is literally `` florence of the elbe river '' - elbflorenz . 
  meaning the best known monarch loved the italian city states and tried to emulate the style via buildings, 
  as others have already said , the german nobillity is mostly topic of pulp magazines for old ladies that want to fuel their image of a better past ( `` fr\u00fcher war alles besser '' ) . 
  for the rest of the population it has literally zero impact . 
  the few nobles that are still around mostly keep to themselves . 
  had a classmate who was nobillity , and her mother sent her to nobillity parties for socializing and networking ( meaning noble girls and boys should hook up and not ` muddle ' their lineage with common people ) . 
  it 's a historical topic . 
  if you bring it up in a context where it 's appropriate , no one will think twice about it, 
  agree , to an extend . 
  if the staff is extraordinary in their serving , if they 're attentive and basically serve my every need , they 'll surely get a tip .
