  edit : / u/gordon-goose i 'm sorry if i offended you somehow , i absolutely did n't mean it !, 
  nah , i rather keep my mental sanity . 
  thank you !, 
  this was quite informative . 
  i never heard about the last 3 . 
  i 'm lucky i guess :d, 
  oh ... well , it 's not like what 's posted here will change the results in france anyway since most of us are n't french . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen 3 and i did n't count the one with whistlebowers ( sp ) . 
  more like typical european on a sunday afternoon lolol, 
  i 'm ... not sure i understand . 
  keep in mind that i 'm far from being a native english speaker and i do n't understand many of your expressions . 
  i can forgive the `` pissed pants '' but i 'll never forgive you for thinking my flag is similar with the russian one !, 
  this user is dead to me !!!, 
  ! ^ / s : ^ d, 
  to be honest censorship is n't my idea of what moderating should be . 
  having strongly biased moderators it only creates an echo chamber and that 's good for awhile until it starts to be boring . 
  imo of course . 
  i knew it hahahaha, 
  to be honest i was the ignorant here since i had no idea what 's hapening in there . 
  then i better wo n't subscribe there . 
  no worries , i rather have people explain to me things i already know than not explain anything at all . 
  that 's how i learn . 
   another til . 
  it 's fascinating what 's going on in those places . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen three articles about that thing in this sub alone . 
  any normal in the head human being would do the same thing . 
  i know . 
  thank you :d, 
  yes i know what it means  . 
  i was n't aware it 's possible in at least one of those places . 
  i kinda thought so . 
  i visited both and i found them boring but i guess any echo chamber is boring . 
  not to mention that one it 's quite disgusting imo . 
  dissent ? 
  i 'm not good at trolling . 
  wow i never knew those places are so toxic . 
  til edit : damn , looks like i 've upset somebody . 
  sorry guys !, 
  i 'm quite ignorant about those places hahaha . 
  what 's the safe place , t_d or 4chan ? 
  i know but i rather not see french people pissed off and with a * kinda * - nazi leader in charge . 
  plus , as a woman i 'd rather see someone else as the first woman president of france . 
  that 's a risk i would n't take . 
  but , in the end it 's your right . 
  i wo n't wish you good luck though . 
  you better do n't start playing poker then because it seams to me you like to bet all your money on the first hand . 
  i did n't knew it . 
  my bad , sorry !, 
  t_d ?!, 
  was n't 4chan ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ?!, 
  i 've seen an article here in / r/europe about 4chan and macron . 
  that 's why i asked . 
  it would 've been a shame to extradite anyone in turkey . 
  no offense intended but i think you know why . 
  good . 
  not necessarily , i 've heard some brits have the same `` attitude '' about a * lost * * tribe * ... hahaha it 's just stupidity and delusion . 
  it 's an orthodox church ( i think ) so it could be him or her depending of the saint it was built for . 
  edit : the haircut is a must though . 
  that 's a church ?!, 
  well , it really need a haircut . 
  congratulations latvia !, 
  true !, 
  you may be aware of my ethnic background and i find it funny ( and sad ) when both parts here exaggerate their * history * . 
  not to that level though . 
  i mean i can laugh at a * historian * who claim jesus christ as a magyar or that romanian is older than roman empire but contemporary history and obvious linguistics are ... too obvious to be denied . 
  what they say there is an insult to the reader since they obviously think the one who read their content is stupid . 
  imo of course . 
  well , it wo n't happen ever . 
  not even ceau\u0219escu bombed his people before he was overthrown and he could do it ... at least he could 've gave the order . 
  you know just like i do , more than me in fact , how both russian and ukrainian people are manipulated for the wellbeing of a handful of individuals . 
  ** this !, 
  maybe , i do n't know , but where i live there 's none . 
  we have more slovaks than romanian moldovans here ... not to mention the ones from the republic . 
  for many is moscow ... ask dodon for more info . 
  excellent !, 
  you know things . 
  i lived five years in africa ( three in rwanda and the rest in sudan and rsa ) when i was little , so i guess that 's why i do n't exactly like minus 25 and blizzards . 
  i 've read on moldoveni md and it was . . let 's say a little weird . 
  that 's what they really believe , or it 's just * politics * . 
  ps : sorry for my interference in the conversation . 
  i know it was , old man . 
  it 's unfortunate for them . 
  we know that ... unfortunately they do n't . 
  yeah right . 
  no , you do n't . . hahaha , 
  no you did n't , he did !, 
  it 's ... quite good , i just joked when i told ya to say more haha . 
  you really think about them ? 
  no it did n't used to be called anything before . 
  moldavia is in romania not in there . 
  their real capital is ia\u015fi . 
  sorry it does n't work . 
  must be my phone 's fault . 
  he already has more there . 
  i did n't exactly wanted you to tell me more hahaha :d, 
  are you sure ?!, 
  hmmmm i never knew that , tell me more :d, 
  o. . . ok but where do you know that ?!, 
  do n't answer if ...
