  quite unusual . 
  edit : quite unusual for a faroese . 
  oh , gim me a break , will ya !, 
  turkmens killed them ? 
  yup , that 's how one ethnic group find its end . 
  for allah or whatever , you do n't kill a russian pilot !, 
  those guys are n't americans !, 
  what i 've thought !, 
  that guy 's `` skills '' were n't made in syria !, 
  please look up at my previous comments . 
  i do n't know , if you 're talking about today 's refugee 's . 
  i know i would n't stay there if i 'd have a choice . 
  i think everyone benefits from his moving , syria did n't paid for his schooling , we knowing what kind of people they can become ... his parents moved here !, 
  that guy is here since he was like 15/16 yo . 
  he start the emergency system back in the early '90s ( look up ) !, 
  he 's now a state secretary in the health ministry since he refused to be the health minister ( maybe cos he did n't want to be associated with politicians ) . 
  so no , nobody 's lost anything here . 
  stop stealing our ... doc 's , 
  the `` father '' of a performant emergency system in romania ( smurd ) is a syrian !, 
  he finance it from his own money in the '90s . 
  printing more money ?!, 
  no , trying to pay them for their work in a honest manner . 
  its not like anyone will protests for having medical personnel being paid twice they earn today . 
  hell , i know first hand how people are paid here . 
  i mean , a friend of my dad makes 20.000 ron a day with 15 workers who he pay 1.500 a month and two workers he pay 2.000 . 
  literally peanuts !, 
  in coal extraction . 
  a micro quarrie ( not sure if this is the word in english ) and he was quite honest about that , why should he give more if nobody 's force him to do that !, 
  like the state with its minimum wage . 
  : 1 euro is something like 4.4 ron . 
  so , we were something like a mix between nk and somalian back in the day . . 
  damn , even in those countries money exists !, 
  you really have no idea what you 're talking about , do n't you ? 
  hahaha, 
  i do n't think it 's anger against eu , not from romanians at least . 
  people here know that eu was a much better deal than what we had before , it 's just that we ( romanian citizens ) are some sort of scapegoats for all the roma `` misbehaviours '' in the world these days and what we lost ( as in medical specialists educated on our money ) it 's seen as '' took our jerbs '' situation instead of what it is , a lost !, 
  of course people start to get angry sometimes . . 
  hey , it 's about europe not little america / s : ^ ), 
  emmmm , in fact it leaves in those countries . . only :p, 
  in ron or euro !, 
  yes , that 's what you should do in the palace of parliament !, 
  he should have tried that in france . 
  what an idiot !, 
  a joke is a joke , but i think you should think a little bit more when and where you make that joke , if not for other people 's minds at least for your own life !, 
  he could end up dead for a stupid joke . 
  i know it 's late , but what you mean ? 
  i did n't understand it either !, 
  british journalism is very sensationalism prone and they like to `` find '' things where is none . 
  who betrayed us but did not betrayed the rest of the country ?!, 
  rulers ?!, 
  leaders ?!, 
  maybe politicians ?!, 
  stupid as fk !, 
  true !!, 
  what 's wrong with being a peasant ?!?!, 
  i love to be one !, 
  hell , i even know how to drive a tractor and plowing . 
  i like to be a peasant and i will be a peasant all my life !, 
  transylvania is not a country !, 
  and i think my knowledge about serbia and albania ( i was there one month ago ) give my opinion more weight than her 's . 
  she could have the decency to say , ... . . somalization of europe ... !, 
  does n't sound quite nice though !, 
  i wonder why !, 
  edit : what i 've said sounds absolutely racists :( somalia is a divided country , people !!!, 
  well , not all the balkans are like those places !, 
  romania is , sometimes , grouped together with them , so ... 
  those countries kinda know how to do that , we even take pics with them . 
  war ?!, 
  in the '90s ? 
  maybe for you it is n't . 
  anyhow , i like the woman and her stance , i 'm a woman and i feel her pain . 
  yeah , maybe i exaggerate ... 
  yes , but the same context can be offensive for some people . 
  even if they 're not brown and/or muslim , those peoples have feelings too !!, 
  he 's white and sounds like an idiot , she 's black and kinda seems to know what the hell she 's into . 
  seems !, 
  big difference !, 
  i think my piece of balkan was more than peaceful !, 
  not everything here is bosnia or kosovo , you know !, 
  edit : sorry , my reading skills wo n't match match your discreet discrimination against us . 
  `` looks like balkans '' ? 
  yeah right , you mrs. know nothing about the . . oh so dangerous balkans !, 
  at least try to look like you put some effort to make your police be a real police and be a little more humble when eastern europeans dare to help you ... we 're not all thiefs and/or gypsies . 
  or racists !!!, 
  nah , i 'll be more inclusive and add the entire eastern europe , because we are different ( a reddior said that - us , them , immigrants ... ) . 
  we compare a country with a region . 
  in the last 200 years our region was involved in ten times more wars than france and ** lost ** most of them !, 
  portugal ?!, 
  say france ( gaul ) and you 'll be closer . . 
  we do n't like eachother and you want to like something completely different and * explosive * between us ? 
  you guys must be insane or reach for a united europe in a very strange way !, 
  but i should shut up , i 'm not in v4 anyway : d, 
  * like * * us * that 's the spirit mate !, 
  who the fk is that * us * you talk about ? 
  well , i was at most eleven and romanian was n't quite exactly `` my language '' , it is n't even today despite my effort . 
  i ca n't remember , i 'll read it again ( in romanian now , in my next trip ) , but usually romanian texts use slavic words ( obsolete now ) to sound archaic . 
  europe was always a fluid concept . 
  what 's unfortunate is that we hate that , maybe you do n't even thought about your , supervisor/superior attitude !, 
  you 'll get your ass impaled here for that !, 
  yes , i know his head was sent to istanbul ... but we are not him ... ... h\u0103u h\u0103u h\u0103u ,
