  because he knows `` the man '' , that 's why !, 
  english-french toast ( o.o ) i wonder how french-french toast taste like if english-french toast taste is italian ... `` toast taste taste toast taste ... '', 
  we 'll try , i 'm not the one who 's planning the route but i think i 've heard something about that city in one of our `` briefings '' , 
  yep , the whole region it 's changing really fast . 
  fortunately ( for me ) we 're still a pretty rural region and i 'd prefer to stay like that not only for the nature ( which is of course important for a rookie biker like me ) but because this way we can keep the beautiful `` ancient '' traditions alive , m\u00e1ramaros traditional music ( especially romanian one ... do n't call me a traitor :d ) is one of the most beautiful things in the world for me  please , no more food ... : ^ d sorry for the late response but you surely understand that i have to live according to the name i have lolol , 
  local criminals are discriminated . 
  stand up farage !, 
  send those to romania , we are some kind of zoo anyway . 
  lots of bears , wolves , buffalos , foxes ( three turkeys and one goose stolen last night by them from my grandma backyard ) , lynx . . all we need is some giraffes , elephants and lyons and we 're there ... 
  oh . . poor souls you . 
  you guys gon na eat them all ; ^ ), 
  you talk about russia here . . or what ? 
  yeah right , but since we 're into this why not a putin ? 
  let 's think big !, 
  \u0218tiu . 
  mussomeli , slo ... you 're in slovenia ? 
  the ambassador had italian name , he interfered in your politics ... normal :d, 
  multa lume este normal la cap , nu ? 
  20 years ago ? 
  wow , that 's before my existence :d where in szatm\u00e1r you were ? 
  i do n't quite live in the very tip of nw romania , i 'm more closer to m\u00e1ramaros . 
  and you probably should shut up about food cos i do n't eat at this hour ... supposedly : ^ d, 
  it is !, 
  maybe the best possible place in the world ... for me of course :p did you ever was here , or up on the mountains ? 
  omg that 's just horrible !, 
  okay , do n't hate me now , english is not my language !, 
  or yours :d i 'm magyar from the very north-western tip of romania . 
  okay , maybe it is like you said !, 
  i do n't quite understand your first statement :( maybe he was just scared of how your talking/looking : ^ d, 
  illuminated ? 
  you work for police ? 
  i ask cos of the last statement . 
  paradoxically the parameters of paranoia are proportionally developed by paranoid elements ;p, 
  i hope you do n't mind me asking , but your last link was published only because i 'm from romania and somehow challenged your views about policemen in hungary ? 
  we already feel like crap in `` your '' country most of times , do n't make us hate your guts !, 
  i think you replied to the wrong person  but i 'll upvote you for tell me that . 
  you see . . 
  i kind of feel something against them . 
  i wonder how much they 'll charge me for riding a motorcycle with ro plates . 
  maybe you should try too !, 
  you know about the site ? 
  damn i already do that hehehe no ... on a little pizza you mean ?!, 
  my friend , i do n't judge or anything , but they do that !, 
  i 'm the last person to put down hungary anything , except orb\u00e1n and his cronies , but they do that !, 
  maybe it 's our romanian plates , dunno . 
  i was same idealist and magyar bhla bhla bhla until i see it with my own eyes . 
  do n't hate me please !, 
  what about you ? 
  well , they should !, 
  we have magyaromania site and they could put them in touch with eachother . 
  okay ... 
  i kinda feel sorry for that but ... we , my parents and my brothers and of course the very me kinda travel a lot through hungary in the summer . 
  i ca n't remember , dig that my friend , i really ca n't remember to have only one policeman asking ( one way or another ) for something , we usually have three bribes prepared and unfortunately most of the money are used . 
  usually only two times until austria , but sometimes the number three comes around when you 're not expecting :p it may be because we have romanian plates but talking hungarian with them does n't mean anything anyway . 
  oh , but of course hungarians were always and still are ... 
  does those guys thought to be in touch with serbian and romanian activists , or whatever the name is ? 
  the paradox . 
  i 'll still whipping ya ass , you cost me some karma : ^ p, 
  paradoxically they do n't want to stay here , they want uk and sweden and netherlands ... looks like lots of rooms will be empty and few will explode . . no pun intended . 
  well ... yes , that 's what i meant . 
  i 'm magyar , but i do n't live in hungary so i 'm not accustomed much with hungarian trains . 
  i never travelled by train while in hungary . 
  so , what they did ? 
  when it happened ? 
  did they ask for bribes ? 
  were they ... not so polite ... with non-white ppl ? 
  you look different than us ? 
  do n't answer if you do n't want to but i 'm curious why they did that . 
  i apologize in advance if i offended you or anyone else who reads this . 
  yeah , but it 's not only i ca n't draw blood ... 
  i ca n't see it when it 's another person 's that 's it :( as a matter of fact i kinda have , a little hahaha :d so ... no lead role for me ? 
  :'( let 's use maple syrup ... : ^ p, 
  i 'm a teen , so it works for me just fine , i just want to be spared the bloody scenes . . ca n't stand it ( shhh do n't tell the world ) :d, 
  what if you both stay the hell put ? 
  this !, 
  be serious !, 
  looks like they have something more productive with kurds than isis . 
  everything is probably political , mr. erdogan kinda loose some of his popularity so he needs some external danger , kurds lack political maturity and play his game killing ppl in turkey , mr. erdogan send some bombs on isis ( let the coalition use his base , so us shut the hell up ) and start his campaign against kurds who are very dangerously close to establish a state ... and in the middle of it , let 's see how greeks will receive a little trolling now when they 're bankrupt . 
  disclaimer : this is only my immature opinion . 
  i ca n't stand the man , but that 's very far from what he said and what he believes . 
  oh , he 'll be a thrill on romanian beaches  well , at least he 's constant and patriotic `` i gon na have my tan on old kingdom 's shores '' :d, 
  and i think he 's kinda right , we would n't recognize it !, 
  it would have been a better country . 
  oh , by the way , he 's so tanned . 
  i wonder where he spends his vacations ... ewww late edit : i 've posted this for 10:10 and before op edited his ... op . 
  i 'll whip your ass op next time when you 'll edit yourself : ^ d very late edit : wow , i finally have a controversial post ... lolol, 
  two polands and no hungary or romania !, 
  that 's it , i 'm going to tell the op to mom russia !, 
  even little malta is there in the cage , not to mention about little cyprus ... look at him , he 's bigger than germany !, 
  :( discrimination !, 
  put us in that cage or else ... 
  so norwegians , swedes , danes and icelanders have somewhat broader rights than finns too then ? ^ s : ^ p sorry , could n't help it :d, 
  i hope you said that to the convict , 
  that 's what makes it exquisitely ( if i may say so ) brutal . 
  torture , very horrible things , happens even today but that was brainwashing +10 , was something aimed to break your spirit in such way that you gon na accept their ideology `` by your own free will '' not cos of fear . 
  it was beyond fear . 
  horrible . 
  i think albania was much brutal . 
  not to mention the fact that even tito 's yugoslavia had some very `` interesting '' concentration camps , i remember reading about some island on croatian coast ... but unfortunately i forgot the name . 
  anyways , authoritarian regimes ca n't survive without terrorising its people , so they use ppl like this old turd to torture and kill for them .
