  eastern europe fit us just fine , 
  what a great time we 'll have to see estonians sang a kalinka in russian and romanians in hungarian , not to mention serbians in albanian and vice versa hahahahaha : ddd maybe in two hundred years , if we do n't kill each other in the meantime !, 
  were n't those hermaphrodite ? 
  some of them words i learnt in school are somehow `` racist , homophobic , littlepeopleophobic , tallpeoplephobic etc etc etc etc and of course etc. . '' could n't be just a iq-ic phobic comment ? 
  edit : i think hermaphrodite is in english dictionaries , so why the downvote ? 
  was n't a bulgarian bus ?!, 
  the owner is from bulgaria . 
  please , let us as lonely as you find us and go away mr. putin !, 
  but what `` i '' means ? 
  it was a rule ? 
  so that 's why ireland has so many winners !, 
  thank you , i did n't knew that . 
  but i still think it would be better like that . 
  i mean , now eurovision is like three times bigger than before the communist anomaly !, 
  i 'll vote hungary eleven times then , so to be sure : dd, 
  so if you 'll win we 'll have the contest in london ?!, 
  and if you wo n't , you 'll be in the contest next year ? 
  bogl\u00e1rka 's songs are just beautiful !, 
  count on ten votes from me saturday , 
  it may be , but would n't be a great idea if any country would be `` forced '' to sang in one of their official language ? 
  then maybe u.k. and ireland will win year after year ... hmmm, 
  really ? 
  explain please !, 
  her song almost made me cry last night !, 
  i 'll vote her ten times saturday !!, 
  that 's cuz nobody can understand anything in finnish , except estonians maybe . 
  they could swear at you and you 'll be like `` wow , that 's so cool dude '' :d joking joking :d, 
  how so ?!, 
  are they only accepted only for this year ? 
  and if they win , is n't going to be kinda strange to have eurovision contests staged in australia ? 
  without australia ?!, 
  \u00f2 .0 lol ... 
  lot of questions haha :d but honest ones since i 'm not quite into eurovision technicalities . 
  well , they may be into something there since romania could actually pay for his release . 
  while u.s.and u.k. have that policy of not negotiate with terrorists , romanians could actually prove to be more valuable . 
  if those terrorists are interested in money and not in some propaganda b.s. 
  that is . 
  ughh the west , what west ? 
  russian kind of west ? 
  that useless idiot !, 
  he 's friend with erdog\u00e1n , putin and now he beg some oil from that guy . 
  i wonder when he goes full retard and kiss some isil ass , cuz well . 
  . . masta putin said so !, 
  i 'm sorry :( i think i make a foul of myself again , !, 
  i 'm so dead brain sometimes !, 
  looks like i might make a foul of myself , montreal canadiens is my t-shirt !, 
  and it 's hokey , not american football :(, 
  i guess you talk about that kind of weird rugby with helmets and all sorts of `` protections '' ? 
  that 's not football , that 's something similar with rugby !, 
  what country ? 
  the one i live in , the one most of my kind are in , the one i dream about ... ? 
  it 's europe , we are very mixed here , 
  fuck him !!!, 
  not me , cuz he 's ugly !, 
  edit : you can downvote me as much as you want , he 's still ugly as s. . . and old !!!, 
  he can kill people and make some believe he has some power , but he will die just like the rest of us . 
  damn , just took a shirt on me `` canadiens '' and some c and h in it , what it means ? 
  do n't you know , cuz it 's about sweden , the epitome of europe !, 
  so we must ... do something : dd guys , it 's just a stupid joke , do n't ... 
  if i think better , do whatever you want mr / 's redditors , 
  yes , but for me it 's just something i ca n't cope with . 
  i usually want to be `` perfect '' in everything i do , must be cuz i 'm a girl and last born . 
  maybe that 's why i love biking , 
  okay , but you 're not sure what someone with too much time in its pocket will do  hehe :d, 
  alright ... 
  i think . 
  yes . 
  i 'm hungarian , ethnically speaking and romanian citizen !, 
  we have schools and colleges in our language . 
  to be honest i write quite bad in romanian , thankfully romanian redditors did n't shitstorm-ed me for that yet :d, 
  of course it is . 
  why you ask ? 
  so the people there are n't affected by muslims . 
  where i live , in the very north-western romania people would laugh their `` assets '' if you 'll invite them to such a protest . 
  but we do n't have much muslim people around , except few very educated and `` like us '' families from turkey , one of my best friend is a turkish girl in my class . 
  she 's on our magyar school  on the other hand , if we 'll have some malm\u00f6 kinda community close to us , with sharia law in their mind ... people 's minds will go back in the middle ages in no time . 
  eastern europe is definitely not a place to forbid alcohol and enforce praying for allah today , if you want to stay alive . 
  lol, 
  even i liked it . 
  until i found out i should not :d, 
  i ca n't believe it !, 
  i was so hypnotized by this idiotic tune and the stupidity in it that i did n't understand anything except that bomb gachica ... stupid music makes one stupid :d thumb up for this . 
  hey !, 
  i live there !, 
  szatm\u00e1r / satu mare county to be more exact , s\u00f3 not quite there but just beside it . 
  lot of mist this morning :d, 
  in romania back then only one kind of `` activists '' were allowed , the communist party one 's . 
  and iliescu , an activist in his youth , called them hoodlums . 
  so they just said the truth there : better a hoodlum like me than a piece of `` activist '' like you . 
  not to mention that in the fifties , activists like iliescu just fucked this land in a way visible today . 
  my mum 's grandpa was one of those activists by the way . 
  sorry guys !, 
  it was about the communist party activists . 
  and romanian communist party was anything else but communist , just like any other communist regime in eastern europe . 
  i 'm a kind of lefty myself but i 've much to learn before knowing for sure , 
  i love this song !!!, 
  have a cookie ... aaa , an up vote , 
  so what you 're implying ? 
  democracy bad , ceausescu good ?!, 
  yes , some things you 've said are spot on .
