  hmmmm ... 
  i guess i must have few '' * admirers * '' . 
  lol, 
  not again !, 
  yeah right . 
  `` john-paul 2 lived there . '', 
  poland, 
  i 'm kinda downvoted for ... reasons . 
  my lots then . 
  le : / u/istencsaszar do n't talk to me if you care about your karma lolol, 
  he has a study . 
  it 's the same study who put me as an anarchist.lololololol, 
  yes , most of us dont like stupid people and smash them in the head with their stupidity . 
  now put that study you love so much . 
  absolutely !, 
  unfortunately the user i talk with and this thread op are from coutries were you ca n't do that . 
  we kinda did . 
  even i was there twice with my parents despite the distance from our village to bucharest . 
  lle : inb4 , i 'm spy and some guy will swear at my mum . 
  by the way ... 
  i love living in romania !, 
  that 's the easy way and honestly that 's why most of us just gave up . 
  do n't !, 
  try something else !, 
  worse is worse and i rather get the least worse . 
  not to mention that eu and russia is just incomparable from a democratic point of view . 
  so you really are one eh ? 
  i know where you 're from . 
  i also know that most of us , here and there , are same ... old people will `` oldpeopleing '' and we will give two eff 's about voting . 
  and honestly , i think that `` much much '' will be long gone in max 10 years if you guys will just stay on your arse and watch how they stole your future . 
  yeah ... because we just got arrested here even before we protest against our gov right ? 
  c'mon be serious . 
  well , both of ya are god emperors ( kinda ) so there 's that . 
   are you sure you are n't from teleorman ? 
  :d e : this josvot crap is lame guys . 
  really . 
  well ... 
  half a beer ?!, 
  be serious little trump ( ) , some lying promises about rising pensions would put our old and crippled up in arms to the vote stations . 
  50 % plus 1 from those who vote . 
  and to be honest we 're quite shat when it 's about voting while old people are disciplined like an army . 
  so no , i do n't dismiss them but i think they keep us backwards with their fears and lack of knowledge . 
  what 's unfortunate and dangerous is that those old people rule our countries . 
  yes , they want to steal our future in peace and make us like them through brainwashing and propaganda . 
  i mean , is so nice to live a luxurious life , have power more than a roman emperor and be asskissed/praised by anyone . 
  louis 15th at least was honest . 
  what a. . . 
  a new way of showing your ass on the window i guess . 
  this !!!, 
  le : i humbly say thank you for downvotes . 
  it 's a badge of honour to have them in this thread !, 
  `` they 're too young to know ... '' no , you guys are too old to understand our world and all you do is trying to make it look like the world you grow up in . 
  it works for some years or even decades but it will fail in the end . 
  e : obviously this message was not meant against / u/mihnea100 le : 00:30 eest from plus 4 i 'm minus 2 in half hour . 
  incredible, 
  that 's the face of russia i love . 
  i rather give them teleorman than constan\u021ba . 
  i do n't think they 're scared about that . 
  they rather skip us since i 'm sure their jolly/holly book will be stolen and their weaponry will disappear after two days anyways . 
  if it does n't work we 'll just put them smelling arses on fire . 
  ottomans know : ) i know it 's late . 
  i live here hahahaha, 
  yeah about that population ... : /, 
  yes !, 
  gib balcik back edit : looks like nobody can write that piece of land 's name correctly . 
  was n't dobrudza in latin bulgarian ? 
  i rather think they did that , not us . 
  do n't bother , they do n't worth one minute of your life anyway ... just as our politicians , 
  looks better , healthier and it 's way more into money than their caliph ( or whatever the name is ) . 
  i blame russia for it anyway !, 
  i 'm sure they have no idea why they 're pissed off anyway . 
  fuck their beards we have enough breaded guys who eff us ( orthodox church ) anyway . 
  hey isis , wan na get some new bearded ones ? 
  we have big sticks too ... want some ? 
  who cares guys ? 
  nobody cares about us and is sure as hell we do n't care about you . 
  at least do n't use a `` martyr '' for such a low case terror crap . 
  use your guts , balls , knives and fight with us . 
   edit : for isis . 
  try ferentari ; bucharest ; romania or lunik9 ; kosice ; slovakia for martyrdom with knives . 
  what balkan country formally declared war on them ? 
  some explanation would n't hurt . 
  ** yes ** ** please !, 
  ** e : no news about this thing here though . 
  lol :d i 'll be to him what he was for brigitte , agewise hahaha, 
  damn now i 'm confused . 
  i like them both hmmmm ... 
  i love him in another way . 
  f. . ck him !, 
  damn i love this guy !, 
  yeah right . 
  just like we put visas on them , no ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't really belive it until i see it guys . 
  i love your cat !, 
  humm ... no , you 're a mod on r/moldova so i guess you know more than me . 
  it 's not me you should answer since i kinda am aware about him . 
  it 's the one who asked me about your country . 
  that 's more romanians from some places here , not us !, 
  kind of ... 
  huh ?!,
