  not exactly . 
  i 've never thought to insult anyone . 
  because of keepers . 
  those guys keep people in dark . 
  just like we had in middle ages . 
  oh fuck i forgot you 're from bucharest . 
  no offence taken . 
  i think i feel more romanian than most `` real '' romanians . 
  i 'm not something else and i do n't look different not to mention that i 'm more into romanianess than most bucharesters  edit : romania is not only the south . 
  oh . . here is very romanian but in my village is a mixed situation . 
  and to be honest we 're so mixed here than we barely know what to belive in or what 's better for us . 
  i know orb\u00e1n is n't good but dragnea is not goid either . 
  we just like to live in peace . 
  i guess that 's what most of us want now . 
  yeah ... about that . 
  i 'm `` more '' than that since i 'm from avass\u00e1g . 
  and many people like me love what we are and our culture but it does n't mean we want a border change . 
  it 's futile and would make us more harm than good . 
  e : / u/7018 _ is_king is one of us too . 
  i think . 
  hmmm ... well , some of us will see it different than you 'll expect it . 
  about moldova i think it 's better to talk those who live there . 
  that 's all . 
  i ** really ** do n't want to say my opinion about those things . 
  especially about transylvania . 
  as you know , i 'm sure , moldova has a history and those guys are kinda like transylvania call itself hungary . 
  real moldova was something else and not a russian province like this guy try to make it look like . 
  in fact it was a hungarian one . 
  nah this guy goes into full we are russian arsekissers and beyond . 
  he 's way more into this than yanukovich . 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  i 'm not very much into their internal political life but i also think that transnistria should be separated from moldova ... for moldova 's sake . 
  my opinion opinion of course . 
  calling u/wildeastmofo and other moldovan users which are way better informed to answer your question . 
  this !, 
  he and almost all of their politicians want that . 
  milking sweet money is slightly complicated in eu while under russian freedom and peace is so easy . 
  not to mention that you do n't even have to think about protest or things like that . 
  honestly i can see why these guys like this system and i can understand why people do n't do nothing about it anyway when they have no idea about what 's going on anyway . 
  e : downvoting brigade is here guys . 
  haaahahahaaaahaha :d yeah right !, 
  letting it go . 
  slight inclination ?!?!, 
  absolutely mr. dodon , why should glorious moldova with its flourishing economy and sky rocketing level of living join such a disaster as eu ? 
  russia is way better . 
  i wonder how many people starved so this idiot could grow that thing under his chin ? 
  i 'm sure that saint is mad now !, 
  is jesus or someone else ? 
  who gives a damm about white house these days anyway . 
  no offence for our allies . 
  e : thanks for dw , 
  i 'm weird here , like all of us , but irl i 'm quite normal . 
  do n't troll here if you 're not u/executivemonkey . 
  not even that famous user can broke our stubbornness many times . 
  ave europa !, 
  my home !, 
  they 're always be us . 
  they just do n't like to admit it and try hard to be different . 
  almost more than me . 
  i lived 5 years in africa . 
  as a matter of fact i 'm very into * outsiding * !, 
  so much that i broke my left knee twice on the hills . 
  his father could n't be made a slave since he was ottoman citizen from today bulgaria . 
  thinking about it . 
  if you were n't protected by some papers and you were a gypsy in wallachia ... you kinda were f. . ked . 
  no , i 'm romanian citizen but of a. . . not so loved ethnicity here ( second after roma/gypsy one ) hahaha cum ( yes i know ) ai ajuns s\u0103 \u00eenve\u021bi limba ?!, 
  was n't he christian and half son of some noble though ?!, 
  unfortunately i forgot what i 've read about him in my childhood since razvan si vidra was a thing for us in the pre-high too . 
  the gypsy prince end up impaled though . 
  talking about weird romania lolol  vlach/roman you can say romanian there i think . 
  e : roman ( rom\u00e2n ) is what romanians call themselves . 
  and that guy was impaled . 
  ethnically speaking . 
  american ? 
  of course not . 
  stylish hahahaha well ... that 's one thing haaaaahahahaha stylish ... ok a speedo is equally ridiculous on a man many times . 
  i absolutely do n't want to offend anyone . 
  thank you !, 
  i was n't banned these days though ... did i ?!, 
  in ro or ro ? 
  or a minority in ro ? 
  do n't feel obliged to answer . 
  i like to laugh and i also like to ask people who wear boxers why they do that . 
  things like that . 
  the flag is kinda genuine ( satu-mare represent lol ) and i 've answered to your question `` do i know you comrade '' . 
  :d e : kinda since satu-mare is a little different than hardcore transylvania . 
  i would n't do anything . 
  yeah ... well i do n't like those . 
  salty water + wind + sand ... and a sunny day . 
  worse combination for your next week sleep/wearing clothes etc etc. 
  no offence but you were even more dumb than i was lolol from what i see on my window we gon na have a big storm now . 
  rain it 's a must since at least four or five days now . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i got that ( not visiting romania ) . 
   all over ?!, 
  hmmmm !, 
  it 's really painful and even now i feel like my arms and shoulders have a new skin ... kind off . 
  now we 're okay since it 's raining since three days ago lolol . 
  yes that 's why i 've said * lithuanized * . 
  maybe i should 've said * latvized * since i 'm not sure what country is first on suicides per capita .
