  how is not relevant after what / u/adriang133 said ?!, 
  it 's more like a `` i live in this area '' thing . 
  if you look for me in / r/askeurope you 'll see that i do n't have a hungarian flair there  . 
  neither am i unfortunately . 
  i rather not hope for such a thing . 
  a huge country with nuclear capabilities in chaos , would made wwii look like a hide and seek game . 
  especially if that country is russia . 
  oh hehehe ... do n't worry , i 'm not a nationalist . 
  i 'm not even ethnically romanian . 
  it bothers me because i find russian influence there is toxic even for our country and because i kinda care about those people in moldova who are n't brainwashed . 
  i do n't exactly want a unification by the way . 
  kinda like i had last week when i was in munich and i 've heard romanian hahaha, 
  well , many have a lot of mixture in them due to slavery . 
  i mean an aristocrat in 17 century wallachia would n't exactly ask for permission to have sex with a gypsy woman who was his property anyway . 
  they ca n't be forced imo . 
  the only way would be to have a real democracy in russia and not even then you can be sure they 'll be reasonable enough to leave . 
  as we can see in our neighbourhood , even in ( more or less ) stable democracies , nationalism is n't a thing very easy to overcome and ignore if you want votes . 
  it 's more like we 're still recovering after the 40s and what follows it . 
  such is life in eastern europe . 
  the `` vibrant diversity '' left for france , uk , sweden etc, 
  it looks worse than what we have in my village . 
  well , there are gypsy `` families '' ( clans ?! ), 
  who look pale like the second boy in the right ( the one close to the teacher ) . 
  it all depends of how much * cough * * cough * genetic input they got in the past from the local population . 
   e.g. 
  in eastern europe ?!, 
  e : in here the 90s were quite horrible . 
  from an economic and fashion point of view . 
  only the 80s we 're worse . 
  not in my school . 
  but i 'm sure those exists in romania . 
  yeah right . 
  as much as it bothers me to say it , russians are there to stay . 
  no matter how many resolutions , laws and requests will be voted by the moldovan parliament . 
  and by `` russians '' i mean their army and influence , not the people since i have nothing against normal people no matter how brainwashed they are . 
  i 've heard it in prahova . 
  also there are villages in prahova and d\u00e2mbovi\u021ba where bulgarian `` refugees '' were settled ( back in the 17-18 century ) and people call the inhabitants `` cepari '' . 
  til m\u0103m\u0103liga is cool !, 
  well it kinda is ... with sour cream hehehe, 
  that could be the case indeed . 
  til , 
  you 're welcome . 
  and here is another nickname romanians have for bulgarians . 
  i reckon that you 're quite right here . 
  etaj and garaj are borrowed from french , i think . 
  hran\u0103 must be from you though . 
   oh , but i always see it on www.dnevnik.bg when i read the comments ( thank you google translate ) under an article about romania . 
  i 've found two in one millisecond . 
   unfortunately despite having a ton of common words , both languages are quite different and in no way mutually intelligible . 
  * mamaligarite * is something i kinda hate at your people though . 
  i do n't even like that kind of dish !, 
  serbian refugees ?!, 
  c'mon , it 's not like she 's the empress of eu . 
  her power and influence have limits . 
  plus that salad . 
  shop salad ? 
  we had 40 degrees one week ago . 
  i think i can handle . 
  since when merkel signs the papers for eu funds ?!, 
  you 'll be lucky if dracula would come for you . 
  no mister , i 'll come for your arse and i 'm very pis ` ed * off !, 
  : ^ p ( * for our polish friends ), 
  a rumour is not a fact . 
  they 'll get only hate from their friends even . 
  if it 's terrorism i 'd rather look beside your neighbour 's head . 
  that 's because we are . 
  western europe map has 15k karma and our map has less than 6 hundred and this is exactly how we are irl unfortunately . 
  well , that 's life . 
  that neighbour ca n't be that crazy . 
  he/she ca n't win anything from such a thing but hate from everyone . 
  i rather put all my money on stupid people . 
  stupidity is a heavy burden humanity must carry . 
  those stories involves one of your neighbouring country somehow ? 
  we really do n't need * those * * things * again in our neighbourhood . 
  starting fire on purpose ?!, 
  what the hell ? 
  i do n't want to believe that !, 
  but if i 'll have a car with gps and a road who goes where 's no fire ... 
  we 're a minority unfortunately . 
  then use everything you have to save lives . 
  f. . k the buildings !, 
  and as a country girl , born and raised , i advise you to use a corner ( as in where the fire is lowering ) and go from there . 
  do n't you ever fight it against the wind cuz you 'll loose big time , go with it . 
  damn , now i give you advices like we 're some firemen lol . 
  i really do n't want to see dead people on the news . 
  hmmmm pickled roses ?!? 
  that 's something i never thought about . 
  ask for those countries who can get into the air then !, 
  lifes are way more important than national pride . 
  for southern romanians , bulgarians are great gardners . 
  they grow lots of vegetables . 
  in the winter you eat pickled veggies . 
  you never hope that about the wind . 
  if you 're close to the fire move your arse out of there !, 
  does any other country help them ? 
  if not , ask for help guys !, 
  our best friends . 
  even if none of us realize it yet . 
   they ~ ~ love ~ ~ ~ ~ roses ~ ~ ** are ** pickles fixed your ftfy, 
  i 'd rather wo n't talk about my political opinions here .
