  you 're albino or something similar !, 
  ? ^ ^ / s cuz i never in my life met a `` northern white '' guy . 
  with a black beard . 
  if we both would 've lived in alaska i 'd be so enthusiastic about me making up a good sentence ( without the `` or '' of course ) , unfortunately we live here and some of our family members know/knew how dictatorship work/is . 
  i would n't either , same thing is happening right now only the colours are a little different and more to the right of political spectrum . 
  dictators must keep up with our times . 
  i ment from '56 until ' 89 . 
  and is 33 not 36 ... idiocy is strong in me when it 's about math . 
  it took 36 years for anything to really happen . . again . 
  i do n't know , when they were elected i was more interested about my dolls and bicycle . 
  and as a non-citizen i rather wo n't give my opinion , 
  we ai n't french mate . 
  it takes time , like tens of years , to move us away from our cozy ignorance !, 
  and i say it for almost all eastern europeans not only magyars . 
  nothing unfortunately , as long as people will vote for them regardless of what they do . . nobody can do anything . 
  opposition is totally in shambles unfortunately . 
  take a good look at this , turkey !, 
  you ca n't imagine how degenerated any society is , yours included , until something/someone start shovelling the mud on its top . 
  another `` imperialist '' :p, 
  do n't be such an idiot , i live here !, 
  i 'm not ethnically speaking romanian . 
  jesus christ , liviu begging for understanding was exactly what i thought nobody here will do , willingly . . 
  i was wrong : /, 
  and you thought to `` fuck '' romania and romanians only to spite me ? 
  i 'm not exactly romanian my friend , 
  it 's a what ?!, 
  damn brits and their english !!, 
  well , that 's a joke :d if you 're a man that 's it !, 
  you 're a girl ? 
  yeah yeah whatever . 
  i did n't want to insult you . 
  i 'll be into your mum and your dead loved ones . . or your penis if i was into insulting mode . 
  edit : stir ... ? 
  i do n't like tigers . . 
  i know they live there and i know cyrillic :d you give up alaska for money , what a bad idea you had ... but you had your `` revenge '' after 1945  everything is japanese there ? 
  yes you did !, 
  awesome in a cage maybe . 
  i do n't exactly care about girls . . 
  i 'm a girl myself . 
  edit : you 're awesome , thank you !, 
  here 's a little advice , be less uptight and your toilet will be okay in the future . 
  it 's not exactly a language barrier but a humor one . 
  anyway , you 're right , let 's not talk with eachother . 
  :p edit : ok , maybe idiocy is strong in me , but you 're not quite the best gentleman in the world ... downvoting me immediately after i answered makes you one hell of a. . cool guy of course !, 
  sorry , i 'm used with . . 
  i 'm very sorry !, 
  go on !, 
  i think russia will just chew you all , after of course finland will . . nah , russia win hands down . 
  oh shut up , op 's into scandinavia and the uberskank . 
  ca n't you see ? 
  damn frogface sounds cool lol no billions bulmanians though ... 
  everything !, 
  how 's the city , there 's any village close to it , how you live ... 
  damn , i 'm surrounded by irish people ?!, 
  my boyfriend is irish , from bundoran . 
  ugh , ask me when my family moved in romania :d he was a youngster . . :p, 
  remain in britain or eu ? 
  your english is not normal , so we need to ask , you never know what a brit says anyway !, 
  english mum means england , not ireland !, 
  i 'm not exactly mongrel , except one of my grandma 's german ( transylvanian saxon ) blood . 
  and my lot 's and lots and . . etc etc whatever people go back and forth here lol, 
  go to he . . go to school !!!, 
  kids these days . . : '' (, 
  really ? 
  i really mean it !, 
  okay . . 
  we do n't have it here , since 2007 i think . 
  you 're italian born and etc-a etc-a . . :d i kinda understood it , from your latest posts , but i did n't want to offend you somehow ( you americans are quite proud or not at all about your ancestors ) , so i tried to be nice . 
  i 'm not canadian . 
  and i have some history on my shoulders too . . 
  i really want to go there , that 's it !, 
  edit : as op you should be more supportive for idiots who post on your thread !, 
  never mind , i 'm genuinely interested in your post . 
  i do n't know what national service is . 
  your `` roman '' accent comes from your american english ( did you rolled your r ? ) . 
  not using lots of lll or sss makes you roman imperator in us :d i have to speak it in class :'( and when i corrected my teacher i was send outside . . 
  since we ai n't there . . as a. . hmmm . . 
  i 'm exempt from this , 
  no tenses to talk about . 
  do n't use per when it 's not necessary and i 'm sure you 're born there but you 're still not roman , 
  i 'm curious about it myself , there 's anyone here who live in ... petropavlovsk or vladivostok ? 
  i can communicate my stupid opinions ?!, 
  in english ? 
  i thought my english is worse than my french or italian , but you make me have more confidence in me !, 
  thank you !, 
  i mean it !, 
  prague it is then !, 
  you are freeeurope radio station home , do n't you , 
  exactly like any hungarian or romanian accent :d you 're sweet , but i know i 'm not exactly shakespeare when i write in your language , 
  ya leftist sjv ( or something like this ) !, 
  damn those aliens , let 's bomb them !, 
  is it ?!, 
  i 'm not exactly sure . . but if you say so !, 
  you successfully make an eastern european girl blush and that 's something :d, 
  i 'll force my bf to vote hungary , he 's irish so . . no problem here , but i like to vote myself , and pay for it , 
  `` trump '' it harder and you 'll see what i meant . 
  i ca n't even vote :'(, 
  what !, 
  pal , i really think prague should be eu 's capital city ( no joke here ) . 
  and since a capital must have its moelenbeek or whatever , . . get it ?
