  i still pray for it . . not exactly successfully thought :d, 
  hahahahaha looks like a good equipment for parkour :d, 
  god , your lack of humor is embarrassing for me as a romanian citizen !, 
  well , it is a pleasant part for me , since it 's home  it 's the same shit here , not exactly in the open anymore but we 're not exactly the example your country is looking for ( we are the closest one thought ) . 
  damn , i thought i 've encountered my bulgarian self :( you 're nice though , so i 'm not exactly upset :d, 
  anton , i live in a village and i kinda know how they are . 
  ok , two of them were arrested last year , so you 're right but i 'm right too . 
  edit : i do n't live in a very poor area and crime is almost nonexistent here . 
  comfy shoes are the best , imo . 
  never heard about koma yet , but i have a pair of nkie , i use those only on sunny days :d, 
  hav hav is more like israeli dogs than finnish dogs . 
  exactly what i wanted to say ... abidas shoes are quite good for jogging , to be honest !, 
  well , call me irish then cos i ride horse `` chariots ''  and i 'm not gypsy . 
  oh , i know  or like , i know i 'm very welcomed ( especially by one guy hahahahaha ) and i was quite surprised by your country . 
  your police should be clean up a little , we give them some money for nothing , but that 's usually something we have here too unfortunately :(, 
  do n't be , most of the time our friends families and acquaintances were `` prepared '' to meet a gypsy gang ( washed up , strange speaking . . but still gypsies from the carpathian lol ) :d we were quite a bit of a surprise , not to mention that i had a big surprise too . . since i 've imagine you guys are nothing less than human/drugs traffickers with a muslim vibe . 
  oh , how wrong i was hahahahaha :d edit : our friends from albania , the one 's who guide us ... etc etc etc and of course etc, 
  a horse & cart in moldova , uk , gypsies ... the albanian flair is a little out of the ordinary , but from what i 've read and talk with people in tirana last year , it 's kinda spot on . 
  okay , now where did you know the guy in the `` chariot '' is a gypsy ?!, 
  my grandparents have `` chariots '' like this and four horses and we definitely are n't gypsies . 
  and i said the same thing . 
  no it 's not . 
  because that 's our name . 
  we did it . 
  in europe and in americas . 
  be serious , visit a church in alabama and you 'll change your mind . 
  not to mention an orthodox church when elections are close by . 
  of course . 
  i say what most of us think not what i think/feel . 
  i 'm magyar myself and i know that . 
  to be honest we 're quite similar in some ways . 
  that sylvania thingy must be a. . . thing . 
  i 'm sure a sea german ca n't even know the difference between a pen and a forest . 
  i mostly compare it with ira and eta since i know more about those . 
  i know but you also hurt them bad since you 're army is way too much for anyone in the region to cope with . 
  i see your conflict more like britain vs. ireland in some way . 
  but op is albanian . 
  at least he has albanian flair . 
  i do n't feel any turkish influence here . 
  to be honest , after isis most of terrorist organizations look okayish . 
  from an albanian ? 
  yes really !, 
  to be honest since , as a woman , i 'd probably take french la\u00efcite before any kind of religion . 
  dunno about gays though . 
  as a protestant woman with an irish boyfriend i kinda feel the idiocy of differentiation based on religion first hand from my `` mother-in-law '' to be , you might had a similar experience yourself . 
  to be honest christianity is n't exactly different . 
  the only thing separating my neighbours ( i live in rural romania - a ** very ** christian country ) and a syrian peasant is that my neighbours will only talk bad a gay or a `` free '' woman while the syrian one it may go full 15 century on them . 
  islam is younger in the end ... e : dw ?!, 
  not cool :d, 
  wow and i did n't even checked that user 's posting history . 
  i 'm good hahaha :d looks like is a new strategy , if i have the eu flair i 'll not be downvoted and some , easy to be influenced people , will change their mind . 
  lame , if even i could see that lololol , 
  to be honest i. . . did n't wanted to say it myself . 
   i guess girls ( boys ? ), 
  are out of your interests and/or reach . 
  do what ? 
  did you noticed that some users sporting the eu flair are quite xenophobic the last few weeks ? 
   le : hahaha looks like i 'm downvoted now . 
  i hope all your loved ones are ok !, 
  stay indoors !!!, 
  since i live in the countryside in northern romania all this sounds like a scifi horror movie . 
  unhealthy maybe but at least you 're better informed than us plebs who came here only twice a week . 
  he even know slang ... : ^ ), 
  both should make out their mind though . 
  i 'm sorry but i talked about europe here . 
  one of the biggest muslim minority ? 
  it is the biggest by all calculations except per capita . 
  they also have the biggest buddhist minority in europe and etc etc etc having the biggest country in the world it 's a `` biatch '' . 
  i say it from a country who definitely does n't love russia . 
  in such case is normal . 
  i hate russian gov guts but that 's something which is beyond politics . 
  my deepest condolences for russian people !, 
  we all are russians tonight !, 
  of course you are since you 're younger than me !, 
  ^ ^ / s it was n't a compliment . 
  you really are smarter than 90 % of us . 
  oh afro-asiatic indeed . 
  i know about those languages . 
   damn , this kid is smart !, 
  it 's southern than northern africa and in eu . 
  their language is afro-semitic ( or something like that ) . 
  my opinion before i 'll look on wiki . 
  i 'm sure it 's not true what i 've said . 
  correct me please . 
  not okay for bulgaria though imo . 
  i hate our mayor but he did n't stole eu funds . 
  he steals gov funds , like any proper politician here . 
  i never was there either but i wish to be able to see it . 
  see it on my own will . 
  no is not like that at all !, 
  russia is awesome , not so much it 's gov. 
  2.5 % is enough to enter in parliament ? 
  here is 5 % . 
  our usr had 10 % . 
  i 've heard about that saying . 
  must 've been a 90s one . 
  as a. . . kinda edit : at least mafia is not russia !, 
  but you have to show what you did with those money , otherwise you go to jail . 
  how can they do that though ? 
  at least here ( i live in the countryside ) you get those money after you sign lots of papers ... hmmmm ... maybe that 's why we do n't get so much money ( always our tv 's tell us how much bulgaria and hungary can get from eu and we ca n't ) ( o.o ),
