  be careful then . 
  you may end up like nemtsov . 
  by the way , how she end up in russia anyway , since you 're country is n't involved in ukraine ? 
  oh , then she was already a convicted war criminal when she received the sentence !, 
  yeah , that 's very much russia . . init ? 
  welcome to eastern europe then !, 
  we already knew she would n't be let free . 
  russian politician mentality is that `` russia is always right '' , not very different from your own politicians and they 're never ( like in never , 200 plus years is nothing for them ) gon na admit they were wrong !, 
  that 's why we `` love '' them soooo very much !, 
  exactly !, 
  who gives a damn what or where that person is from ? 
  i had a small hope . 
  but as usually , brainwashing people is better than real justice . 
  god is russian for these type of persons and his name is putin !, 
  wait for your god to punch some putin 's face then !, 
  cos i very much doubt that a woman pilot was so much bloodthirsty like your dear leader . 
  really ?!? 
  edit : putting a question is something bad now ? 
  i 'm not some reporter who knows everything !, 
  so i asked one f.kin question . 
  not gon na happen , while we 're absolutely into `` muh nationalism '' vs. `` federalism '' and in a chaos , russia is straight forward with its policies . . shity as they are !, 
  no worries , i upvote it !, 
  russia would ** never ** admit it was wrong , for nothing in any circumstances . 
  she 's my hero !, 
  ohh , i 'm very sorry !, 
  i think , not sure if it was you , read the comments of a medical profession kind of person back then !, 
  yes , terrorism is just crap and we should go beyond political sympathies . 
  edit : it was you ? 
  unfortunately hard time in belgium ( unfortunately in romania too ) is n't what we used to have . 
  pitesti experiment would be something very suitable for these subhumans * . 
  * subhumans as in lower than a human being for their actions not for their race or faith !, 
  he put a vid where turkey 's president said that what happened today `` will happen '' . 
  and he 's from cyprus for god sake !, 
  edit : trnc , turk for north cyprus !, 
  of course he knew . 
  best friend of isis some time ago . 
  edit : downvotes wo n't change the fact that he 's a dictator in the making . 
  was n't that bitch a member of tak ( or something like that ) , a terrorist organization who splits from pkk ? 
  and yes , you 're right and i was wrong !, 
  in the end , terrorism is same thing and it must be stopped ( not how your president do it though , calling for more attacks ) . 
  harder prison conditions would be something we could do in their cases . 
  this kind of threat was always beyond control of anyone . 
  if a person is convinced that putting a bomb on itself and blowing it up in the middle of a crowd is what god wants , nobody ca n't do anything about it . 
  nobody could do anything about it in the entire history , fanaticism ca n't be kept in checked . 
  all we can do is using education and propaganda ( yes i know how it sounds ) on those yet untouched by extremism and hunting down those who are . 
  unfortunately all our human rights based civilisation is already losing and instead advancing humanity will start regressing . 
  when i 've heard that saying `` 21 ` st century would be religious or it would n't be at all '' ( or something like that ) , i did n't thought about this kind of things . 
  unfortunately that 's what i believe too . 
  since turkey is not a eu country it would n't be easy to see how those money will be spent . 
  punishing traffickers harsh would be better . 
  dunno how long they will get there , but i have a feeling it 's just a fine . 
  please prove me wrong !, 
  i 'd be happy to be wrong !, 
  retaining traffickers is way better than trafficked people . 
  from what i know , pkk targeted soldiers and police stations not subways and airports filled with children . 
  not that i condone what they do . 
  wow , you covered everything very well !, 
  i 'm magyar , living in romania ( obviously ) and i have a saxon granny . 
  just one correction , i 'm a sis not a bro  sorry for the late response !, 
  it was n't that bad , i mean it did n't transformed us in something else entirely , it just left us behind you , with more or less 45 years ( ukraine and russia 70 years ) , mentality wise . 
  but as i said , we changed very fast and what was the norm 5-10 years ago it 's obsolete now . 
  hell , my parents are more modern and open minded and eons ahead when about tolerance than my boyfriend 's parents who are irish . 
  thanks !, 
  very interesting . 
  did n't knew much about your country . 
  well , it could be that you base your opinion about us on poor informations ? 
  i mean , as a 18 yo i think my education is as much damaged by communism as yours  . 
  our culture , romania and hungary ( dunno much about others , so i wo n't give my opinion ) , is quite interestingly left intact by communism and mentality wise we 're not very different than you , except that we may be a little bit more traditionalists but this is changing very fast . 
  oh , i did n't knew it . 
  being muslim is about culture and religious beliefs very much ingrained in a person 's mentality . 
  being eastern european means nothing to us , except maybe a geographical location . 
  not that i lump all muslims together , just making a point . 
  we have a green fa\u00e7ade , instead blue , and nobody seems to say anything . 
  fk em , i 'll up vote you ... and i 'll be absolutely x !, 
  i 'm magyar , so i 'm mongol gypsy ya idiot :p fkck the frog , we usually do n't even see such things ( ya right , if i 'll see a living frog on me i 'll die ) . 
  with an s ?!? 
  you balli ... wait a minute , that duck egg name is ? 
   you wish !, 
  oh shut yours , you notindian  !, 
  bet me back you like that frog , in a perverse way !, 
  i can absolutely , without any kind of pressure , say that polish language is waaaaaaaay more easy when spoken than those hieroglyphs + / s, 
  oil put ya back straight to glasgow and from there to the beach i dream about . . if you do n't let us easterners alone !, 
  ya fokin smart arse !, 
  / s well , you really are smart !, 
  i know i 'll regret it , but you are smart . 
  and they still shout `` help us germany '' and `` i love mama merkel '' . 
  and we have only bearded guys with weird hats or crowns . 
  but they absolutely must have a beard !, 
  i wait a woman there ! #, 
  no , your caps it because you , maybe subconsciously , think about this ethnicity as inferior . 
  yes you do !, 
  ugh , you are n't racist and nazi mate , cuz you 're greek \u00b0 , a subhuman ca n't be such thing as a superior human being !!!, 
  / s disclaimer : \u00b0 this was a joke , if you do n't get it ... bite me !, 
  mate , there are so many complaints about your system that ... how many gypsy beggar kids were removed from their exploitation ? 
  two , ten . . ? 
  what about if i just say you hit your kids and `` absolutely '' abuse them . . 
  sexually !?? 
  only cuz i kinda see yesterday that you kiss your little girl and tap your little boy butt !, 
  and i 'm a very old lady who lives like . . one kilometer from your home , but i just talk like that out of spite cuz you 're a stranger and i did it to the mayor !, 
  everybody does that .
