  shoot the wild hogs please ... and some pastors/priests if you can in the mean time ! ^ / s, 
  damn , i talk with an 48yo bear ?!?!, 
  huh 0 . o ? 
  ask the ppl there . 
  for them is worse , imo . 
  everything i say is downvoted !, 
  incredible , i did n't thought that you 're so ... ... nice, 
  as a matter of fact is not . . 
  it is for those people who live there, 
  yep , another crap . 
  how about you just stay away from my conversation ? 
  no offence intended !, 
  i would n't go there without an attorney beside you in front of us ... 
  i ca n't use him or her . . so it 's `` it '' . 
  thanks by the way !, 
  maybe i should use \u021aigani or cig\u00e1ny ? 
  and you expected me to be grammatically correct in english . . 
  because ?!, 
  edit : downies , it really help your cause these sh . . s ... ?! ... 
  edit2 : looks like it does !, 
  i talk about my europe , not my grandparents ones !!!, 
  edit : thanx for downvotes . . ya untalented c. . . s :d, 
  huh ? 
  you ca n't even get something normal , like a typo , as something normal . 
  you always took it as `` in your face '' !, 
  i 'm sorry for my typo . 
  do n't say it then ... !!!, 
  sorry , i wanted to sound very angry !, 
  those mountains looks like they came out of nowhere !, 
  bear ? . . 
  or :d he 's 47 or 48 yo though . . almost my father 's age . 
  standard for us who just talk here ... not for those who live that stupid history !, 
  yeah , well from what we here were told . . killing another human being only because of its nationality is murder and unfortunately we have very recent ( 1944 and 1990 ) things like that too !, 
  i do n't even want to know , i want us to be normal people !!!!, 
  us as in people !, 
  i 'm okay with this example . . 
  i wo n't look at this vid . 
  any year is current year if it 's this year !, 
  yeah , i do n't exactly like that ... and i think satu-mare can cope with anything !, 
  i 'll skip it though dead people is n't my cup of . . anything !, 
  i 'll rather sleep tonight . 
  that 's not something i want to see either !, 
  brain bits ?!?!? 
  edit : btw thanks / u/problematicsealion !, 
  no killings or things like that ? 
  no , i mean the europe i was born in which is the most peaceful place on earth . . at least it was until some years . 
  the europe which is my home , where i can go outside at 2am to run around the village and laugh with border police and local gypsies ( not in the same time though lol ) ... things like that !, 
  if someone does it please tag me so i know what a hell i talk about here !, 
  edit : same for / u/aeliandil, 
  it 's good evening here , almost . . and i ca n't accept that a country one village away from my home can have it 's own * syria * . . my brain just ca n't accept that !, 
  of course , you 're right . . but i just ca n't comprehend it !, 
  it 's already 17 years since the last one !, 
  this is not syria for jesus christ 's sake , it 's europe !!, 
  i wo n't look at this vid . 
  so i need a kinda tl : dr. 
  well , it happened here so . . :d, 
  okay, 
  you forgot to put a zero there ( 0.5 instead .5 )  edit : now i 'm absolutely jealous and angry !, 
  2.2 ron 's ? 
  that 's not fair !!!!, 
  send a pm with the song please  it 's something around 4.7 ron ( romanian leu , that 's a little more than 1 euro , per litre . 
  five euros ?!?!? 
  for one litre ????!? 
  god knows what gon na happen when i 'll find it . . if i 'll find it ahahaha :d, 
  then it 's understandable , you had to finish your studies . 
  the problem is that when you 'll start to earn money you 'll find other things ( more useful ) to do with them and then you gon na get married , kids and . . bye bye travelling . 
  ohhhhhhh ... please do n't mention the gasoline price , it makes me angry since here is quite expensive lol :d you 'll be at least popular with girls since you are `` exotic '' for us here ( it 's a compliment by the way ! ), 
  and if you know how to sang some mexican songs a little ... the success is guaranteed , 
  this word has a brilliant future now . . in turkey at least !, 
  be more merciful , like a proper * euphoric *  edit : downvoted for a capitalised u ? 
  very craz ... crafty indeed hahahaha, 
  let the * girl * stay home next time ^ / s : ^ d, 
  well , we have few american/indian/aussie etc users here too but 99 % of / r/europe users are europeans just like , i guess , in / r/mexico most users are mexican . 
  it 's our sub and only european issues are discussed here , only mexico was/is an exception  i guess you assume you 're talking to a man too ? 
  :p why do n't you ? 
  i assume you do n't need a visa for e.u. ? 
  and an airplane ticket is n't exactly very expensive if you can save some money . 
  not to mention that in central-eastern europe you 'll be a god . . especially if you 're not very white and know how to sing a little hehehe  damn , you could end up on t.v. 
  here lol, 
  off-topic . 
  i know a wojtek too . 
  he 's not a bear obviously but he drank and smoke four times more than any bear could and instead ammo he successfully `` carried '' a polish prostitute without any id in romania and back to poland ( i guess he felt alone in the car or something ) . 
  how the hell he crossed the border with that woman i do n't know though . 
   so resourceful all these wojteks : ^ d, 
  most probably , if i do n't convince my parents to let me go with only two of my friends . 
  american ?!, 
  hahaha , my not so brilliant english i think is at fault that you belived such thing : ^ d yes , it 's a part of romania . 
  i have too many choices and the decision must be taken together with my parents and friends , so i did n't decided yet . 
  i just want to see it . 
  i think i 'm a little adventurous , i guess and in the end why not  i know and i hope so !, 
  thanks , i had to think hard what 's the appropriate one . 
  absolutely logical decision since banning a word it will make all the * problems * ( homosexuality in this case ) to just vanish . 
  every blind/arrogant dictator and his buttlickers knows that . ^ / s, 
  save it !, 
  thanks , 
  bragging is a must :d, 
  i love mountains . . not too much rock climbing lol , 
  thank you for taking time to reply , 
  everything nice must become touristy sooner or later unfortunately : /, 
  corruption is still there , from what my dad and local friends told me but it 's nothing like in the 90s and the rule of law starts to prevail .
