  i would have been more happy with a lustration law back in the '90s , since convicting someone who 's on his deathbed does n't mean much to anybody , not even for his still alive victims . 
  * cough * * cough * ion iliescu * cough * * cough *, 
  you beat me here , 
  that would mean i 'm some sort of lesbian vampire !, 
  ( o.o ), 
  no , cairo is not but south africa is !, 
  dream on !, 
  ca n't escape the eastern trap ... ya russian !, 
  you 're eastern in my book , you even have our time !, 
  i do n't like orb\u00e1n , but takbir allah akbar has no place here !, 
  you want that , go back to syria and die like a fool there for your akbar , allah or whatever !, 
  in english , cuz we absolutely are an english speaking people . 
  for hungarians !, 
  unfortunately they gon na get by thru croatia ( if smart ) or romania ( the dumb ones ) . 
  relevant information !, 
  always must be a fin who practice praising #, 
  and that 's quite unfortunate for moldova . 
  then only greece can into it !, 
  no , you 're an ex-soviet country !, 
  nothing can be more eastern europe than that !, 
  i think russia beat the . . out of you in a drinking contest !, 
  even we can put you to shame !, 
  oh britain , always coming with nothing ... but nonetheless trying to rule ... 
  greece !, 
  under the survivor you can put anything between germany and russia , with a question mark on ukraine and belarus !, 
  that central is more southern . 
  tales from the deep grave of eastern europe . 
  you must be american . 
  please be american and gib moneis !, 
  ;p edit : wrong edition , wrong person ... 
  you 're eastern european too , just look at your behaviour for proof , 
  how much mosquitoes we have ? 
  a little guy with dubious origins saved europe and die cuz the plague was a thing back then . 
  aww , do n't we are mad chu chu chu little baby ! ^ ^ / s i rather be eastern european than anything else , especially southern ... you bankrupt libyan  disclaimer : anything i say does not reflect on who i am or on my glorious magyar ppl . 
  okay , i 'll do . . 
  what ?!, 
  you can see who and what i am any time you want !, 
  i never ... well , i only took a little pick . 
  :( i 'm curious , okay ? 
  looks like i got downvotes only for asking a question , so i need more than paper work !, 
  too late , i already know , 
  sorry for what ?!, 
  you better be , because i 'm very flue spreader now !, 
  got it from mum . 
  i did what ?!, 
  i never did that !, 
  got those in my childhood , flu vaccine you must have every year . 
  huh ... 
  i 've talked about flu !, 
  worked just fine for me , i must take the vaccine every year ( my mother has an obsession about that ) . 
  one of my brother had africa , morocco-south africa-egypt so i must do at least the same !, 
  ca n't do it now , must gain some weight , but i 'll be there in albania and i 'll definitely gon na off road it there  protection first !, 
  we got our flu vaccine from denmark , few years ago and it worked just fine . 
  gim me a break , so what ? 
  scored !, 
  i can choose to be a man if i want to ?!, 
  i do n't , but since it 's available why not , 
  you 're filled with sunny days all year round anyway ^ jk, 
  let 's fk another country , if something happens we 'll go back to our own country and do n't give a sht . 
  looks like those guys who fought for isis and when sht hit the fan go back to europe and write a book about their experiences with ... 
  okay now , i 've exaggerate it only to make a point . 
  i do n't want to insult anyone . 
  you were in romania ? 
  i can , most of this country does n't have any idea how much of a sound a little pistol can make . 
  to my absolute shame , i even asked what an ak means and got lots and lots of downvotes only `` cuz i 'm from eastern europe and do n't know what that crap is '' . 
  you are in those pics ? 
  i ca n't handle sand much , but i do my best to ride those stones , even if i 'll bring unhappiness over my friends who gon na wait for me :d, 
  can i guess , after three guesses you 'll tell me what you are ? 
  that 's the lake , i had something like `` krid '' in my head lolol thank you !, 
  how 's the political atmosphere there ? 
  one of my friends told me about a lake there , a `` awesome place to be '' but i forgot the name . 
  you 're macedonian ? 
  do n't answer if you do n't want it . 
  i hope you did n't confuse my flair with the german one heheh , i 'm from romania ( hungarian , but from romania ) , so i kinda know something about corruption . 
  but since four years , i think , i did n't heard anything about it in my region , my boyfriend is a cop so i try my best to find out what they do . 
  politicians on the other hand ... 
  i 'm used with bad terrain and i absolutely love biking on bad roads , my concerns are about people with guns . 
  africa twins is my dream , but my weight and strength is way too low :(, 
  so i 'm western europe now ?!, 
  not in a million years , we do n't have allah akbars and sharia police on our streets , so long live kelet-eur\u00f3pa ^ jk i already knew some parts of kazakhstan are in europe since i 'm still in school , a eastern european one with lots and lots and lots of data ;p, 
  you mean vladimir putin , do n't you ? 
  hahahahaha this is the new definition of a down road . 
  i was thinking about those shootings with the kosovo guys and political unrest . 
  sorry for the late reply !, 
  saved your comment , i may ask for advices when there ( we decided to go ) . 
  i 'm more into off-road because i was n't able to ride legally on public roads until 8 this month  about the police , i thought they changed since here i do n't hear anything about bribing and stuff like that ... at least not since a couple of years . 
  maybe it 's harder down there . 
  we had decided to go for it !, 
  your post was the one who `` kinda '' convinced my father to let me go without a fight , 
  that 's why i 've posted it like i did !, 
  yes , you 're right !, 
  maybe i should 've choose my comparative remarks more carefully since i was n't trying to offend anyone , less an entire country , unfortunately my emotions still have some power over me and my speech ... 
  i think i need some more time to become really a mature person . 
   oh by the way , after some discussions ( and arguments with my parents ) we decided to go there . 
  so , albania here we come !, 
  must be horrible ^ / jk, 
  well i hope so . 
  i wo n't get naked though , since i 'm a little shy :p, 
  probably the best proof you 're eastern europeans too . 
  what the hell , they had slogans for horses too ?!?
