  can you just go to your gynecologist and ask him/her to do an abortion ? 
  if you do it illegally , what 's happen ? 
  you go to jail ? 
  if so , for how long ? 
  genuine questions . 
  i said it as a joke . 
  the edit makes me even more sad ... for some reason . 
  that 's a very sad story and fortunately i never had to face such things !, 
  be strong my friend !, 
  and let these things of the past to fade away . 
  oh my god !!!, 
  i 'm crying now ... fir-ar s\u0103 fie !!!, 
  i. . have no words !, 
  i just wish you all the best in the world !, 
  it 's so sad . . damn it !, 
  11 that feeling when not even refugees want to be here . 
  : '' ( ^ ^ ^ lol, 
  you were only born back then or you really were unwanted ? 
  do n't answer if you do n't feel like !, 
  what ?!, 
  i guess it sounds like that because of my very poor english , but i 'm pro choice . 
  for god sake , i 'm a woman not a man who talk about these things without knowing them . 
  i even have a grandmother who had big problems back in the day because she had an abortion . 
  no , it 's my own body and i should be able to do with it ( and what 's in it ) whatever i want !, 
  my country had this sh.t forced on its women not so long ago and it did n't end well for anybody . 
  then somebody 's playing games here or hate us both , even if i 'm sure our opinions about the subject are n't exactly similar hahaha : ^ d, 
  my condolences . . !, 
   a couple of months of discomfort say what ?!?!? 
  have those `` couple of months '' yourself first and come back to talk about it after !, 
  well , it 's not like our own ca n't be sent back too . 
  i 've heard about that lol :d, 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  since it 's illegal , i guess there 's some sort of punishment . 
  i 'm sorry if what i 've said sounded bad , it was n't my intention . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  edit : what the hell i 've said to have both my posts downvoted ?!? 
  if you have an abortion in poland , you do n't go to jail or the doctor does n't loose his/her licence ? 
  genuine question , i 'm curious . 
  very well said !, 
  does all slovakian romas moved in canada yet ? 
  oh ... then i 'm sorry for my southern neighbours . 
  i live here . 
  and i honestly want all of those more than you . 
  i 'm a federalist myself . 
  but i rather believe some experts than my own feelings . 
   we are n't exactly ready unfortunately . 
  you sound like an old and bitter man . 
  who established that i 'm almost ten years older than i really am ?!, 
  not to mention that my parents have nothing to do with what i 've said . 
  thanks !, 
  i hope your day will be nicer than my own . 
  well , at least we dont put a bomb on ourselves and shoot inocent people like some educated people from developed countries ... . late disclaimer : i 'm sorry for my stupid words , but some users here really need some uglier ones . 
  i know . 
  i 've seen on t.v. 
  and to be completely honest . . sunt sc\u00e2rbit\u0103 de toate astea . 
  it is but our country 's economy will be knocked down if anything wrong gon na happen with the european currency . 
  do you think i would n't like to pay my phone in euros ? 
  of course i would . 
  but it 's better to listen to those who know more than us about these things . 
  in my opinion . 
  thank you for that , by the way !!!!, 
  something similar , with a more than stupid and unfortunately kinda murderous , twist !, 
  to be honest , i never heard about any here . 
  but i guess in bucharest or in other parts they have some sort of power . 
  i 'm from satu-mare : '' (, 
  yeah ... that 's a big crap !, 
  we are n't exactly more educated than the rest . 
  she lives in bucharest , from what i know . 
  the name means nothing , i know a m\u00e1tyus family from prahova , so . . , 
  and we do n't want that . 
  please erase your last sentence !!!, 
  i do n't know , i guess it happened . 
  the problem is that these idiots , vaccinated themselves , preach some sort of zero vaccination policy and another bunch of idiots listen and follow their crap . 
  this is not about ego or politicians , this is about bnr . 
  nobody here is crazy enough to do that since we are n't ready and honesty , we are kinda scared about that . 
  careful with those , guys !, 
  you 'll be completely f. ... d up tomorrow !, 
  here we always considered you a part of europe . 
  that 's how they teach us in school even . 
  asia for me is at the turkey-iran border in the southern caucasus . 
  armenia , azerbaijan and georgia are european countries . . for me at least . 
  happy celebration guys !!!, 
  and do n't drink too much . 
  well , i almost drowned once . . so deep waters ( like in more than over my knees ) are a big no no for me hahaha, 
  their argument is that some kids died after vaccination . 
  but also some ppl died after they drank a glass of water , so let 's not drink water cuz is dangerous . 
  i blame that idiot wife of andi moisescu !, 
  as i said in / r/romania . . long live olivia steer !!!!, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ stupid ^ ^ ^ ^ bitch !, 
  i 'm sure you 're quite wrong . 
  romania 's banking and monetary policy has nothing to do with bulgaria . 
  but have an upvote for your optimism !, 
  i hope you 're right !, 
  great , that 's exactly what an almost dysfunctional state like bosnia needs . . a war . 
  and what 's even more outrageous is that i 'm sure none of those who talk about war and grieve for a war , wo n't be affected by it , none of them or their families . 
  . . only `` stupid '' commoners will suffer and die like usually . 
  i do n't mind some bulgarian * experience * : ^ ), 
  very interesting !, 
  i never knew we have armenians here . 
  looks like i learn more about the place i live in from reddit than in real life !,
