  russia has lots of hopes even today . 
  honestly i. . think i was like i am right now !, 
  i 'm 18 , but . . 
  what about us ?!, 
  we just wake up from your crisis !, 
  not yours of course !, 
  and the quota should be unnoticeable , if we see some end in it . 
  you really are like . . playing with toys ?!, 
  yesterday ? 
  today ?!, 
  i 'm sorry , i really do n't know how to talk to you now :(, 
  i 'm sorry , i should n't talk like that !, 
  fk off !!, 
  iz istern , with a very raw r . you are not !, 
  prove me wrong in pm !, 
  if you 're 15 i 'd rather talk to you than with ... wait a minute , i told you a lot about me . . jesus christ , please do n't be 15 !!!, 
  jesus christ . . crap, 
  nah , unfortunately i only think about how much they stole from your pocket ( or my parents ' ) to successfully be idiots ... ( they 're thugs but i still think they have some kind of ... no they do n't ! ), 
  you tried and they ... 
  i do n't want to say what i feel about them !, 
  gim me a fuc . . oh you 're czech !, 
  cccp ?!, 
  in b4 i 'll throw some rocks in those v4 if they gon na play the fence in my yard !, 
  so ... hav old yu are ? 
  it 's jerbs , ya pleb ... 
  damn i 'm so aristocratic now :p ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ god, 
  in hungary ?!, 
  i thought it 's different there . . you have a fence and c. . p :d, 
  in romania ? 
  dunno what your friends in the legionnaires told you but you better bring your own game here if you want to play , cos it 's almost impossible to buy one . . under the table of course . 
  you can go to java for a soft , if you use it . 
  trust me !, 
  it 's horrible for somebody like you !, 
  absolutely not fish :d if you have a girlfriend . . and she 's cute , you might call me bisexual . . but only if she 's cute  edit : i do n't do women !, 
  unless your clay is into oil/gas/corruption , if not , nobody wants it . 
  since when a man need a war to be able to . . see his manhood ?!, 
  or something . . looks like i need to give birth to be a proper woman !, 
  after a very very very rigorous check and most requests are denied . 
  at least here . 
  police in rotherham has n't made mistakes , they were and still are incapable idiots !, 
  i 'm more of a man than half of them !!!, 
  167 centimeters 49 kilograms and a motorcycle !, 
  did n't you heard about the quota system ? 
  mate , we 're not the ones who got grenades on the streets !, 
  yes , i know it 's unrelated to the op or the migrants but it 's really about your country ? 
  i live in oh so despicable and despised romania and my first encounter with ak47 was on reddit !, 
  i did n't knew what the hell is that and somehow successfully made a full of myself ... and you have grenades ... . . ?!, 
  i 'm sorry , just a little rant . . no harm intended , 
  so what ? 
  you live in belgium anyway / s :p, 
  that 's just common sense , nothing brave or omgromanianjokemadebyamericanonreddit shit !, 
  those ppl may be in real danger !, 
  swedes included . 
  0 . o huh ? 
  ohh c'mon , at least we 're not moldova / s :p, 
  v\u00f6rk v\u00f6rk or only fight , drink ... for you ? 
  those are `` central europe '' mate . . do n't you know / s :p, 
  he kinda look magyar ^ ^ hmmmm his hair is literally like one of my brother 's hair o. 0, 
  i love fish , as long as it 's fresh , 
  be serious , football players ( real football ^ ^ not ^ ^ american ^ ^ rugby ) kinda wear those . . especially if they play for some shity team . 
  edit : i was only once in timisoara so i ca n't say it 's there ( like some people here ) , but definitely must be in our lovely country . . where else you can see chains and those `` anti-parking '' thingies in the same picture ? 
  well , it 's still romance . . , 
  does n't mean much , lot 's of those is asia , does it make them indians slavs ? 
  maybe we 're dacians :p edit : you know the joke : cum te chiama pui de dac ? . . 
  are you from europe ? 
  at least is soft , not like some milano crap !, 
  what the hell is a romanian mafia ?!, 
  some sort of a dracula , everyone knows it but nobody meet it kind of thing . 
  i 'm sick of this shit !, 
  i 'm on the phone and i spotted those before the . . well , unfortunate suit !, 
  what ? 
  black cells . . got a friend who absolutely knew `` teh blood '' . . white cells and black cells . . !, 
  those red . . things were n't there , i think :( lol, 
  prahova looks good tho !, 
  b\u0103n\u0103\u021ban = some sort of a human being able to stand more than two minutes in front of a o\u0219an !, 
  when the rest can three !, 
  arrogant , this type of creative creature thinks that its horror movie type of a county is the head of this country !, 
  how dare they ... . . ?!, 
  sorry , i had to say it :d, 
  does n't look like he did a great job there in the garden , only concrete . . 
  romanians are very ... wait a minute , what the hell is genetically slavic ? 
  spanish magyar . .  :| how dare ya ? 
  well , i do n't know if i passed by ( since i did n't meet any plate with that name on it ) but i was in your country and i absolutely `` passed by '' my prejudices about it  do n't call me na\u00efve , call me . . `` bad informed '' !, 
   and courageous , my parents were almost on the verge to make a double heart attack after they read this article . 
  and you have guns , i never seen any ( my brother played with a an akm `` his words '' but i did n't saw anything ) , but looks like they 're there , unfortunately . 
  and things like that lead people like me ( some time ago ) to see you as some sort of somalia . . and it 's probably more my loss than yours , 
  it was awesome !!!, 
  i really mean it and unfortunately we covered only some roads on the northern part of your country and tirana ( by foot ) . 
  first , i want to mention that tirana i did n't like . 
  i 'm not a city person so i do n't cope much with urban crap  , budapest is chaotic , bucharest is completely insane and tirana is . . lets say nothing like bucharest :p police was okay , except once when we had to pay something `` under the table '' for nothing to be honest , cos they did n't find anything wrong . . but well . . balkans :d i absolutely fall for a guy in a village , he was more than sweet and helped us and did n't want to be paid for his efforts . . and he did n't spoke any english at all :( . . and shy like hell . 
  we chipped in and put 215 euros in his jacket , hopefully he did n't throw it away ( the jacket ) !, 
  i absolutely love you and your country and i ca n't wait till next spring , i only hope that our `` guide '' did n't get married until then tho hahahahaha :d, 
  he would be glad , eh ?!, 
  and glad to use some `` italian '' boonga boonga '' too in the meantime , cos for him is n't haram ... ugh !, 
  i know , germans were known for this even in communist times , one of my grandpa is a first class perv . . well , he was . . and he told me some `` german stories '' :p, 
  official is the nickname for false reasons . . meaning `` bhla bhla bhla bhla ... and bhla '' . 
  unfortunately :(, 
  '' . . to leave a hole in our dictator 's head . 
  do n't try it '' would be more than appropriated :d, 
  well ... a hole usually do n't have the best connotation :(,
