  hahahahaha, 
  mixe ? 
  well , they are not . 
  what is german-ish ? 
  western look at life equalizing travelers with a bohemian way of life is still alive and well in europe . 
  not to mention the hitler 's view of eastern european ppl , while he itself was a eastern european . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't see the fixing . 
  well , i do n't think about them as germanish . 
  they are slavic . 
  not to mention that lot of british people pampered that way of life in xxi century , `` irish travelers '' , scots '' ... where 's the `` fixed '' thing ?!, 
  i always wondered why they thought czechs are roma ? 
  : it 's czech not chechs ;d i had the same problem with that when i had to write their name in english . 
  damn czechs lol :d, 
  `` if romani behave like romanians ... , they will be considered romanians without a second thought '' hmm ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , if a romany family has the same way of life like the mainstream population , they 'll be treated like any `` normal '' person is treated . 
  but they wo n't be considered romanians or hungarians , anywhere in romania , except maybe in big cities . 
  we have a roma family who moved in our area ( a mostly hungarian street , but romanians are like 35 % ) few years ago , they are the only non-white residents and despite the friendship between them and all of us they are still seen as roma , because that 's what they are . 
  my mum is very good friend with the family 's mother , 
  we all wear tracksuit these days since it 's cold . . geee !, 
  you 're a motorcyclist ?? 
  i 'm a motorcyclist myself !, 
  i 'm not exactly experienced though , i 'm only 19 in july . 
  do n't even think about asking me about mechanics cos i 'm crap :d do n't know where adancata is . 
  i usually use it around my village , i live in satu-mare county and in prahova where we have a little house . 
  about romania 's development ... well , i wish they gon na speed it up a little , since i 'm not comfy to live in a poor country forty years from now !, 
  and bulgaria could be way better than us if they gon na push for some little judicial reform . . like in arresting people who steal , regardless of their political power etc etc  edit : are you a woman or a man ? 
  your username is feminine for me . 
  please say you 're a woman !!!, 
  well , if it makes you feel better , i do n't think spaniards are stupid . 
  my cousin is married to a spaniard ( galician ) and he 's rather hot and smart * . 
  so if a mixture of portuguese and spaniard is hot and smart then it 's impossible for both people to be stupid !, 
  logic 101 right here :d * ( he called me a little girl though , despite my efforts ... hmmm ) : ^ ), 
  hungarian : vau vau romanian : ham ham edit : hau hau works in romanian as well . 
  turks ?!? 
  well , at least this country is `` smart '' . 
  but turks ? 
  orb\u00e1n + erdogan = love lololol late edit : if turks means / u/ipito kind of turks , then yeah i 'll be okay with it !, 
  they did n't called you portuguese , they said you are like them . 
  and since they seems to be ( according to this ) stupid ... : ^ d that 's incase you 're spaniard , of course . 
  why not you and decebalus join our hordes instead and conquer czechia together ? 
  i delete it , looks like many people here must take some lessons in eastern european sarcasm :d, 
  no worries , it was a joke . 
  i delete it anyway , since people here do n't quite dig our dark sarcasm too much . 
  what you do in urziceni ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , that 's considered one of the most boring part of romania . 
  oh well , at least it 's not the worst part , that would be vaslui of course . 
  our muslims are fine !, 
  keep your pants on mate , frenchie did n't said remove !, 
  stay tuned :d, 
  well , i have some knives in the kitchen . . magic globes and canada is n't here :d, 
  or that . . same thing for us . . beggars !, 
  edit : one word, 
  absolutely !, 
  do n't you have one euro ? 
  gim me please !!!, 
  no , we gon na invade czech republic now !, 
  jesus christ , i 'm sick of this shit !!!!, 
  is n't nice to be at home on a cosy couch and talk about what eastern europe had back in the days ? 
  try marxism , leninism , lizardism . . whatever you want on yourself and your family and come back after 45 years !, 
  that and some of them had easter today and nobody giving a dime here ( i talk about mods ) is n't very nice !, 
  do n't know about you mr dumbhead , but i 'll try to reach baikal this summer and i think most of my russian connections are truthful . 
  you can kiss my foreign butt !, 
  ehat ? 
  maybe , because it 's crazy !, 
  fuck the empire and all of its reconversion machine !, 
  heretical ... where is my torch . . ? 
  seriously now , both variations are correct in romanian . 
  with or without the little hat ( the one without is mostly used , in swearings as well ) . 
  that 's because grammar , ya ignorant pula wearer !, 
  pula mea ( i honestly need one now ) vs o pul\u0103 !, 
  jesus christ , i talk like a man ... 
  burn ya papist habsburg 's kissass !!!, 
  / s ; ^ d, 
  with whom ?!, 
  ca n't you see i 'm alone with my boiling water :( : ^ \u00fe, 
  would n't like a wife like me ? 
  i know to boil water and i 'm very submissive ... until i can grab your . . things . . and i definitely know how to kick a guy in the `` nuts '' . 
  i 'm not exactly like that woman , but unfortunately my mum is : /, 
  even the beard must be blonde ?!, 
  as a little girl i was perfect for them ( except my language ) , unfortunately not now :'( i 'm more like their leader than this !, 
  i do n't believe this until i see it !, 
  call me thomas , but i paid . . , my father paid ( i did pay it too . . with tears and whatever ) quite a lot for my calls !, 
  i have a big aversion for any kind of football league and i kinda sweat big time ( hide it under tons of powder and deodorant ... and water mixed with soap ) , am i an undercover lizard ? 
  i know , i mean i know cyprus is orthodox ( greek cypriots ) . 
  `` hands '' ?!, 
  or fingers only ? 
  no video with hand removals please !, 
  or any removal !, 
  i should 've known !, 
  please do n't send me to / r/worldnews pleeeeaaaaaaaaaaase !!, 
  i do n't know , i just read the comments on / r/romania . 
  but at least now i know from where those lizards came from ( did n't knew up until a couple of days ago ) . 
  my favorite roman emperor from now on !, 
  ave !, 
  bodies can be quite boring , ( men ) face is what turns me on . 
  and attitude , if you 're some `` macho man '' with zero brains you 'll get nothing !, 
  edit : most of times ... , 
  why ? 
  and the conscious one .
