  who gaves a fj about english ppl here ? 
  we do n't even go to your country anymore !, 
  nah , let 's hate romania because some ppl from there insulted my mum and her hijab !, 
  or me dad and his turban !, 
  what 's wrong with you mate ?!, 
  looks like anything good in our part of the world is a dailymailish crap for some people !, 
  corrupting in ... anywhere in the world except romania ? 
  no fucking way !, 
  we have the patent !, 
  it 's small potato what he did . 
  but that 's a big preast and that 's why it 's a big news !, 
  and i want him in jail !!!, 
  i 'm protestant father !, 
  ^ ^ hahahaha ^ ^ :d, 
  one year ?!, 
  put some one and six months there . . be merciful hahaha, 
  i 'm friends with the orthodox priest in our village , 
  let keep it only for that isis boss please , the rest can die from a bullet !, 
  dictators that 's it !, 
  oooohhhh that 's your thing guys !, 
  i thought more at a wall and 100 bullets in you and your wife kind of thing hahahaha, 
  i do n't exactly understand ... can you elaborate please ? 
  that 's cheating ... 
  in romania i want !, 
  i should 've said first lolol edit : damn wild hogs and their tricks :d, 
  how dare you !!!, 
  it 's a holy and way too much heighten and sainted arse ya heathen !, 
  even deadly . . : ^ ), 
  damn his arse !, 
  if it 's like his face i rather not see it at all ! ^ / s : ^ d, 
  can i see an arrested priest first ? 
  i would n't call them exactly north korea . . maybe on the verge to become one in the future politically wise . 
  i hope not though . 
  even if that 's maybe their only way to stay independent from russia . 
  erdo is in its process of learning from the czar , nicole and both are a terrifying force for us in the future . 
  same as they were in the past and western europe does the same thing they did in the past sometimes . 
  that 's why i 'm for a federal/united europe !, 
  turkey at least had some democracy in the past , russia never had democracy and it 's not used to it . 
  he will be !, 
  i bet my best shoes on it !, 
  edit : will not wo n't . 
  he will be ... unfortunately !, 
  for my * archbishop * and emperor anything !!!, 
   may sounds excellent !, 
  it has the best weather to dance naked in the street :p, 
  hello !!!, 
  let 's play i 'm the doctor now . . : ^ d, 
  i know less than you . 
  except some historical things i 'm quite oblivious about today 's belarus , they 're a black hole for me and for most of europeans i think . 
  both try to look democratic and both are dictators . 
  in my opinion putin is more of a dictator than erdo for the moment imo since his dictatorship is consolidated but it looks like the first helps the last to reach his status . 
  that 's so stupid !, 
  keeping an entire county in your pocket should be punishable by death !, 
  that 's the only thing for what i think death penalty is good and necessary !, 
  people and countries should n't be personal slaves and properties for anyone !, 
  i 'm sure is outdatet for turkey . 
  since that coup they must have something like 10 now ! ^ / s, 
  i already was in sighet few times , hell i was in teresva and solotvino which are over the border too hahaha :d, 
  first time when i 've seen that number i thought about securitate in ceausescu 's romania lol i 'm sure they are n't europe 's last dictatorship anymore since . . russia and turkey said goodbye to even that dust of democracy they had some time ago unfortunately . 
  still the number is extreme !, 
  maybe they counted military police there or something lololol :d, 
  shhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  : ^ ) edit : i 'm sure you wo n't tell to * someone * because you 're a great girl and a good friend !, 
  let 's wait to see some pics with dear theo arrested first , 
  oh that 's because i 'm very smart of course ! ^ / s : ^ p, 
  not quite unfortunately . 
  dna has a woman as a boss and many judges here are women as well  ), 
  ... so they need those policemen to * fix * those critics ' backs from time to time . 
  then i think i 'll call you to come here if ... haha i just hope he 'll stay free until half april though !, 
  i 'm 19 :d, 
  their dear leader think it 's a criminal offence to ... think bad of him maybe ? 
  belarus 0 . o, 
  i swear on that guy 's beard that if i 'll see him in jail i will strip naked dance in the middle of the road put someone to film me and upload the video on reddit !!!, 
  so help me dna !, 
  this guy surely knows how to make friends everywhere !, 
  this thread should be only upvoted and stickied !, 
  comments are n't needed anyway : '' ( edit : what can anyone say about this after that woman speech ? 
  fight his oltenian battle ... sorry , teleoltenian battle : ^ p, 
  yes, 
  who ? 
  sorry : ^ ) i ca n't look at a vid where a fly is killed so you 're safe hahahaha :d, 
  we are something else !!!!!, 
  the knife i always should keep with me ... damn , i guess i have to stab you latter because i ca n't find that stupid knife !, 
  same thing ... where 's that knife ? 
  :d what region ??? 
  ^ ^ ^ hmmmmmmmm, 
  hahaha because you down there confuse us ( oa\u015f ) with maramure\u0219 too !, 
  very close !, 
  almost them ^ / s : ^ d, 
  you must be oltean !, 
  only they are black like night or red like my mum 's hair in the summer hahaha :d, 
  as a northerner i just hate it !, 
  i want to go to the beach in the southerners part and enjoy the sun until i 'm red like a paprika !, 
  okay : '' ( (, 
  ohhh yeah !, 
  hahahahahahaha :p, 
  i 'm on a phone . 
  but google for the duke of v\u00e4rmland . . kinda suitable place/name if you ask me lolol : ^ d, 
  i kinda was . . at least for the first image !, 
  ewww,
