  0,00 . . today , but what about next year and the year after and so on and on ... ? 
  hungary it 's not palestine !, 
  throwing rocks at police would n't make you loved here . . not to mention about putting your kids in front !, 
  can you tell me how many of them are from the mena and how many from the ex-yugoslavia ? 
  i usually saw arabs throwing rocks in their intifadas , in palestine not here . 
  25 % it 's a quarter mate !, 
  shit or not they really should survive !, 
  read their history !, 
  really ?!, 
  well , i think you are wrong . 
  very wrong !, 
  well , i 'm not concerned about your problems . 
  you know , western europe kinda think we must be three years ahead for them , well we do n't . 
  well , you have . . more than me !, 
  i can use even the serbian border , no problems , i 'm close to albania and i 'm kinda hmmm . . 
  palestine movie knocking on your door !, 
  oh , beside that of course : ^ p, 
  no croatian `` theories '' about anything ? 
  why ?!, 
  put it again !, 
  if they do n't want this i 'll throw rocks in them !!!, 
  and empty bottles !, 
  i do n't think romanians claim that , some idiots `` clearly have proofs that romans learned latin in here '' :d summerian origin of us ( us as in magyars ) is a very . . stupid idea to look for :p let 's get an agreement , he was serbian . . wait . . , 
  that 's what happened ? 
  maybe , but i did n't lived then !, 
  and greece was only something we should probably pay some money !, 
  this is not what i was expecting from a crisis . 
  i 'm very close to montenegro and albania border and we did n't saw any refugees !, 
  strange . 
  i hope you mean it for all of us , no matter the ethnic background !, 
  so no holly water for me ? 
  please do n't vote for szarkozy or lepen !, 
  i know they 're stupid people , but voting idiots it 's just like scratching your arm with a fork instead a knife . 
  in romania this poll ( i ca n't see btw ) would show something like 90 % disgust :d, 
  did you see that kind of crazy movement of people until today ? 
  mate , euro is just a dm inflated . 
  dm wo n't fall , even if a war broke up ... 
  you ( as in france ) have enough to be blamed for , not only that . 
  but you also have ( in my opinion ) the first place in a play named `` modernization of europe '' !, 
  your ideas are in fact what europe is today !, 
  not germany 's or u.k. ones . 
  unfortunately , you forgot about your crippled children and when you met them you shunned them while in the same time you was very careful not to upset your adopted one , 
  no absolution for me ?!, 
  good !, 
  thank god i 'm protestant then :d, 
  unfortunately you are spot on !, 
  eu should be more cohesive or not be at all . 
  how so ?!?!, 
  a handful of idiots really believe that in romania , just like those `` jesus christ was summerian aka magyar '' in hungary . 
  bulgaria has a claim for jesus too by the way :d, 
  if that 's hungarian history lesson then protochronism ( spelling ) is romanian history lesson . 
  both are just garbage , not the history we learn in school . 
  polan the christ of nations ? 
   bless me father polan , cuz i have sinned . . many times :d, 
  you support an idiot , that 's what you do . 
  edit : downvote as much as you want , i wo n't change my mind about a jobbik idiot mofo !, 
  not to mention the `` croatia to slovenia '' route . . that 's how much he cares about europe !, 
  do n't be sad , we only wanted to be in schengen airline wise , for the moment . 
  what 's sad is that europe as a concept is on the way to the gutter :(, 
  yeah , i 'd like to see how france would cope with what happens in the balkans . 
  throwing stones and ripping your border gates must be something they 'll probably gon na love . 
  unfortunately the more or less 20 km fence on our border was transformed into a big c.ap by bucharest . 
  they 're so narrow minded and do n't see that this fence would in fact deter the migration from us and we 'll spend less to protect the border with serbia and/or to provide to those people . 
  that idiot ponta should think what would have happened if they 'd choose romania as their route !, 
  i believe we would have something like three danubes instead of one on bulgarian border . 
  edit : if it 's 70 km plus , . . 
  i kinda change my mind !, 
  replace austrian in your sentence with any other country on the planet and you 're still right . 
  i think they 're so prone to call all the refugees/migrants syrians that this word remained stuck in their minds . 
  syria , serbia . . siberia , who cares . . as long as we can show some children crying !, 
  it has everything to do with it . 
  how can a population on verge of disappearance ( ok i exaggerate a little ) , with a big hostile minority , can even think to take in more foreigners ... with a very different background ?!, 
  not to mention the all present in ee , lack of money . 
  about russia attacking them , i think you 're well aware that russia does n't need to officially declare war to be able to ~ ~ invade ~ ~ cause you big problems . 
  eleven days , sorry i replied so late but i 'm on a trip and ... , 
  he was talking about transylvania . 
  wow !, 
  you even spelled in my first language  then as a sign of appreciation , i apologize for calling you `` yellow '' , you 're only green ... hungarian green , 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  it usually happens to me when hearing a beautiful song . 
  if i make the `` mistake '' to listen ` yiruma-rivers flows in you ' , i 'm `` sick '' all day :d, 
  hopefully your eyes are okay now . 
  if not , try chopping some onions , 
  thank god , i thought there 's something wrong with me , 
  so beautiful !!!, 
  damn , got tears in my eyes ... why the hell i 've tears in my eyes ... ? 
  and has a smaller population than two romanian counties . 
  how is that `` something '' ? 
  not to mention that they 're on the verge to be overwhelmed by russian federation and its `` oppressed minority '' . 
  they 'll probably punish us , the eastern ones , who ca n't afford to take/keep/give benefits to those refugees . 
  like always ... 
  well sorry !, 
  it has the entire might of a german state . 
  while estonia has nothing . 
  why not just . . not having problems ? 
  why should i be concerned about how much skin i show up and where i ride my motorcycle ? 
  why should n't i feel free only because i may offend someone 's religious beliefs ? 
  a small german town has the entire might of germany in its back , estonia has nothing but its budget , e.u. 
  help ( lolololol ) and a big russian minority who love putin . 
  and russia knocking on the door .
