  yeah , i think estonia is in a shity position ... 
  that 's because you are a man and you , more or less , can move around dressed like you want . 
  i think my skirt would be very unacceptable for most of them , not to mention my leather suit . . 
  i 'm a biker . . those persecuted may move here , but their children ( born here ) go back and behead people ... 
  i was most impressed by this , iran , egypt , afghanistan turning into middle ages instead living ... 
  thank you !, 
  i really hope you 'll be ok tonight too , 
  i tried : ^ ) good luck !, 
  maybe you could be , if able , to be a `` grand '' security guard ? 
  not in ploiesti though , sorry . . 
  college as in facultate sau liceu ? 
  you better do n't ... otherwise : ^ p, 
  when you 'll say when i said anything about germany 's troubles in my country i 'll send you straight to my comments about payments from here !, 
  deal ? 
  i 'll start with the end of your statement : we are , you are not . 
  most of your country moved to something ( culturally ) very different from the most recent migrants kind of life style . 
  change in food and things like that . . happens , but i really expect to be allowed to eat my pork ... since halal food is not on my taste . 
  not to mention that your fascination is something i ca n't understand ... but i ca n't understand many things about western europe anyway . 
  my grand-grandma wear that , but she does n't do it because of religion , she does it cos she has too little hair for a woman , and cos in this village she would be laugh at . . she 's 89 !, 
  not to mention that even i use her scarfs when i 'm on me bike !, 
  my dad 's fault , he 's job ... , i just was there , 
  you look for what kind of job ? 
  and can you move your ass from ploiesti to another location ? 
  how much you expect to earn ? 
  and last but not least , how many hours you are available ? 
  oh please , i 'm blushing here ... 
  nice italy ... very nice !, 
  ;d ( romania always close to mommy ) . 
  then , i think it 's not a problem for you to be norway without norwegians . 
  are you norwegian ? 
  i think we know somehow to cope with our countries , i 'm fine to be a minority in romania , in europe . 
  dunno how you guys get it there though ... 
  eu chiar te-am up votat ... 
  anyway . . 
  * romania * it 's my home i lived in australia , ireland , sudan and rwanda while i was a child and i still love this place . 
  it was aimed at me ... you know , we can think despite our sex  \u00cencercati sa dati voturi jos c\u00e2nd nu se prind victimele  no worries though , try to chill out and think a little before ... you know  edit : \u00cencearc\u00e3 s\u00e3 dai jos vot c\u00e2nd victima este neprev\u00e3z\u00e3toare , 
  not sure if this is your post with `` romanians are a bunch of ... '' but as long as you keep these in mind , you 'll never be one of us . . magyars lolololol really now , expecting us to cope with people who ca n't accept gypsies in their country because . . and call us gypsies even if we are n't , and then ... syrian refugees ... from pakistan !, 
  okay , i think you should stay here ( both romania and this sub ) . 
  :d i think you should chill and look better at my comments before talking . 
  i did n't downvote you , i 'll even upvote , but we still have a national ( as in nation , language , ethnicity , `` part of it '' kind of thing . 
  otherwise you would n't be norway anymore . 
  who cares about 60 % in london ? 
  they care about their not so solid 40 % of them , the 20 % of the rest are different . 
  i say this from their point of view , i 'm not british and i do n't even want to go there . 
  i say that as a minority in the land i live !, 
  `` watch rt. 
  see how sovereign russia is '' if only one person and its cronies rules over a country , that country is not sovereign . 
  that 's globalization for you . 
  as you can see , i 've said germans i `` know '' ( meaning in virtual life , if i 'd knew a german in real life i would be more careful with my '' '' ) , even if me grandma is german ( not from germany though ) . 
  never said friend . 
  please do n't put words in my mouth !, 
  she only has to ask for it and hungary will comply . . not to mention about greece . 
  but when you offer hope for some people who think in germany ~ ~ pigs ~ ~ sheep fly with euro in their tails ... 
  i never was in greece , but if it 's like in istanbul ( where my dad had to let a turkish policeman on the wheel ) then it 's crazy :d laugh me ass out of him two days in a row : ^ d, 
  they have a say . 
  any country in europe will go out in the streets to protest against this . 
  i mean , even austria is n't good enough for them ... 
  unfortunately you kinda ca n't do that because sometimes the shadow of some austrian is bigger than you :d, 
  dunno about that , most germans i `` know '' are quite okay with that , i 'm ok with it as long you wo n't push us ( poorer countries ) to follow your example ... because we ca n't afford it . 
  that beard is a worrying thing . 
  he may be some lumbersexual who ca n't make a difference between plastic and wood and influence our people / s :d, 
  i 'm so grumpy . . lolololol, 
  germany keeps us together !, 
  unfortunately germany has some mental disorder this year . 
  welcome u.s. or russian one !, 
  or the locals maybe ? 
  who 's this ? 
  vlad 's not home , but we can help ... oh , russian vlad ? 
  sorry , we offer only stakes . . on the other side . . 
  then you 're the complete opposite of me , i 'd prefer a muddy road in the forest instead any city in the world :d by the way , your name is written wrong ... is vizsla : ^ d jk, 
  i think romania is indeed colder , in the winter , than germany . . 
  say what ?!, 
  hungarian nationalism intensifies as a matter of fact , i think you ca n't choose a `` beautiful part '' because sometimes i think bukowina is , then i 'm absolutely sure prahova and bucegi is , then i came back home and i do n't even have a second thought my szatmar is :d i think it 's true for most countries . 
  i live here and i love it !, 
  in a rural area ... oh the horror lolol not to mention that i feel safer than anywhere in the west . 
  this !!, 
  not sure about the east but in northern muntenia ( prahova ) they 're better than us in sm and mm . 
  ph and ag are very much seeking for workers , unfortunately some kids want to be managers right after high school ... 
  it 's impossible not to find a job if you want to . 
  unfortunately many kids believe is better to have mommy and daddy take care of the ugly stuff . . like working . . and they should only have to be worried about how to spend the money . 
  where ? 
  istanbul is madness too and is in europe . 
  i live here , i ride my bike almost daily , i 'm 18 , i 'm a girl and i feel pretty safe ... hmmm ... you 're more yellow than a girl . 
  : ^ d edit : bike as in a motorcycle . 
  i 'm not sure why you say that to me . 
  i was quite shocked by the pictures and i even had to cry a little . 
  well , i did n't knew about that . 
  if you allow someone to live in your country , as a refugee or for whatever reason , you should let that person earn a living . 
  otherwise you should not complain about all the benefits they got , because they have to live somehow . 
  when i say `` you '' i do n't talk about you or your country of course , 
  that child is dead ??? 
  i really need to move then !, 
  a good actor here was killed by that thing . 
  you 're a city person , do n't you ? 
  que ? 
  baguette ? 
  wearing long trousers when walking in the ... woods , never hurts !, 
  i live in the forest , so you can trust me !, 
  good !, 
  fhg too !,
