  edit : them not that . 
  late edit : you guys , is exactly what you 're not entitled to say to me/us !, 
  `` uk and european allies ... '' f. . k me if this title does n't sound like rt in its strength !, 
  hahahahaha cold war !, 
  do n't know what you said , but yeah ... 
  to be completely honest nobody would steal this . 
  and i said it as an eastern european !, 
  could probably put an engine there ... 
  recently i was born , that 's what my granny said this morning . 
  were from , when , how ... age and gender is , for now , at your disposal . 
  i 'm on mobile , ca n't `` into '' pdf . 
  recently ?!, 
  meaning ... from . . living ... ? 
  black flags are n't very loved here , means mourning . . death . 
  european ? 
  then we make shity weapons , thanks god , and even you got one of our s. . t !, 
  that 's if you 're not american , if so we are sorry lolol, 
  that 's cos you 're from a poor country or you got a shity package . 
  i do n't understand !, 
  please , correct your post . 
  no offense taken !, 
  from romania ? 
  not that i disagree with you but i really do n't know . 
  i wo n't call my brother again . 
  ehh . . riiiight !, 
  i have no clue what you said there : /, 
  oh , slovakia / s `` i do n't think slovenia would use romanian weapons in the '90s , not for conscripts '' , that 's my brother 's opinion . 
  i had to ask since my knowledge about guns is very low . 
  damn wasr , we really must do something about it !, 
  god knows what wasr is , but still . 
  no difference , rapist papist . . same thing !, 
  you killed our nation spirit / s lolololol : ^ d, 
  nobody has zero conflicting interests with russia !, 
  oh , you 're dutch . 
  france + russia = love disclaimer : this is a fucking joke !!!, 
  we have some memories about your long late and buried military power . 
  unfortunate yes , but quite reasonable if you look at it from a different angle . 
  do n't bother , they do n't care about that . 
  yet !, 
  the will is here ( eastern europe ) , unfortunately the capability is in the other side of the continent ( the one without the will ) . 
  this !, 
  looks like you know how we separate ourselves . 
  good , never expected it from a brit . 
  oh , that particular stat line was n't for you !, 
  you 're a papist anyway , who cares about you . . / s : ^ ), 
  do n't worry , we have those too , politicians i mean . 
  hard to get rid of them thieves !, 
  we talk in english here , that 's why i made that idiotic joke . 
  no need to downvote my original post !, 
  recruiting time ?!, 
  where you live , finland ?!, 
  `` plastic parts and bad ( rust prone ) metal is made for african and american ( private ownership ) market , for the rest is wood and steel . 
  money talks here . '', 
  that 's what one of my brother 's said , both are soldiers and i had no idea what the hell is ak47 until reddit !, 
  is n't, 
  `` romanian and bolgarian `` is in english , and it was a joke anyways . 
  60 million ?!, 
  what a hell ? 
  okay , if you sell you should be able to not depend on the grid . 
  you can have a generator . 
  but i guess it 's more thought . 
  pretty is the word . 
  anyhow , i 'm quite unaware about german legal code so i wo n't express my opinion . 
  thank you for your insight . 
  aaa . . 
  maybe ?!, 
  if you gon na say what is that . . 
  i 'll be downvoted just like i was when i asked what ak 47 is ? 
  a weapons smuggler would be a star on our t.v.stations for at least six months . 
  incredible how it 's only hard on serbia 's non schengen eu members :d what about bulgaria ? 
  yes he did . 
  unfortunately cartoon network is strong in some people . 
  okay , disregard albania and bosnia , but what about those other irrelevant countries ?!, 
  dunno why you were downvoted , at least i am exactly like that !, 
  my brothers have weapons ( they 're soldiers ) and i ca n't stand them guns close to me !, 
  how dare you !!!, 
  romanian weapons are top class , that 's why our police use austrian ones ( so they wo n't hurt people ) !, 
  bolocks :p late edit : it was a joke , bad one , but still a joke ( look up ) . 
  extraordinary how this looks like romanian wooden churches !, 
  incredible !, 
  what ?!, 
  it 's illegal to have a self sustaining house , energy wise ?!, 
  i do n't quite understand the generation part . 
  we , in eastern europe , would love that too !, 
  known is the key word here , 
  it is n't , dimitr ( dimitri ) is . 
  i 'm . . a little hmmm . . what you 're talking about ? 
  isis ?!?!, 
  beheadings !!?!?!?!, 
  if that 's all , and i absolutely thought that 's the case ( see my reply to the turkish user ) it 's okay . 
  unfortunately , i 've seen the german comedian will be sued by this law , which is to be `` illegalized '' , too . 
  instead only to be sued under the defamation ( or whatever is in germany ) law , like erdogan asked . 
  it 's like germany go overboard only to please that scum . 
  ca n't wait for kim-jong-un to sue some german comedian and to see mrs merkel 's opinion about that / s : ^ \u00fe, 
  honestly , when you 're on the verge of abolishing a law you should n't put the same law in practice just now only cuz some powerful idiot is in the cause . 
  i mean , it 's like the legislators are ready to ban death penalty and we start executing people . 
  disclaimer : we as in `` whatever '' nation , not germany . 
  late edit : start not stand . 
  oh , thanks for your post !, 
  i was wondering myself why she had to even say anything about this issue .
