  it 's horrible and i 'll remember it all my life !, 
  maybe i should 've been more careful about my words . 
  arguably , their thing will spit blood instead ... 
  oh , so i 'm sexist now !? 
  so be it , i love good looking men and i like having sex with them . 
  i do n't like to be an object , i do n't like to see girls like me used like sexual objects , i would love to see one of you guys beefing up under seven women tho !, 
  i 'm not sexist and i do n't insult anyone without reason , she was raped and your kind of person laughed !, 
  looks like you love your pants then , my grandma was right . 
  how lazy you are , simply say it !, 
  mate , she was raped !, 
  for a woman this is worse than death . 
  i 'm sorry if i somehow managed to offend you . 
  i did that many times . 
  you are a woman ? 
  as a woman , did you had sex ? 
  okay , if you say so . 
  what 's stylish there ? 
  do n't tell you have a beard too !, 
  it might mean that your pants look awful or that you love to talk about the glorious bhla bhla until the morning ... 
  i 'm 18 !, 
  what if two stupid guys , let 's say my brothers , will fk you in your behind ? 
  would you feel it the next day ? 
  edit : thanks for downvote , but if you would 've lived what i lived , you would be much more harsh , believe me !, 
  always ... away from polish pants , my grandma last words ;p, 
  are you a woman yourself ? 
  i get it , they want to be married and stay home , cuz that 's what they learn at home !, 
  we like to show up too , just like you guys and we love to have sex just like you guys and we have feelings just like you guys !!!!, 
  nah , we have our own coal . 
  for the moment : /, 
  if you have a yt account and you seem to know both languages , why do n't you do that ? 
  translate those videos for us . 
  and he 's the one and only mr. mk vg !!!, 
  of course we 'll cut the tired cos it 's bad for the public and for our purpose , 
  what ? 
  it does n't matter how much they are , it 's still seven guys !, 
  well , you do n't right now but . . , i 'm sorry guys but nobody can do anything for you . 
  your way of thinking about human rights and women it 's preposterous , not to mention that your organization inspired the ones like obl and isis . 
  you realize that i 'm a woman , i hope !, 
  you live in poland , lots mine 's there , try it !, 
  black is better , brown is wood and your teeth will probably suffer :d, 
  i love the taste , no digestive issues for me when i was ten . 
  just try it , you know you want it  nah , i do n't do that anymore ... : '' ( edit : and is miss , ya idiot ; p, 
  i do n't quite understand , i 'm sorry , please be more specific !, 
  muslim brotherhood is a terrorist organization , i do n't think your actual govt is alright but it 's better than them !, 
  turkey has from time to time coups \u00e9tat only to keep the secular ( normality ) going . 
  i 'm not a man you ... 
  catholic !!, 
  : ) it 's quite tasty , if it has the right texture lolololol im salivating now : ^ ), 
  why ? 
  i really liked coal , if it 's not too wood like . 
  my mom was amazed by those black things on my teeth . . until i told her two years ago hahaha, 
  why did n't we knew about this ?!, 
  was it on cnn or france24 ? 
  would n't they be smarter than that and bury his corpse in some remote area instead of ... this ? 
  but i ca n't wait to see you governor in illinois ; ), 
  it is about a rape , you idiots !!!, 
  stop with those fucking stupid jokes !, 
  what 's wrong with you guys ??? 
  you have no feelings , no compassion ? 
  of course , this should be the answer for someone far away from his country ... attack the local police . 
  why not those idiots who teach them try that themselves , but not to the police , they should try it with gendarmes . 
  that must be it !!!, 
  she felt something 's wrong with her body , it 's impossible not to , and she assumed that she had sex with someone but because of the intoxication ca n't remember who !, 
  maybe she thought it was some extraordinary gifted man or something . 
  i mean , seven for god sake ... poor girl , i 'm only one and a half years older than her . 
  thanks , you too !, 
  and do n't forget , anytime you need a shot of strong moonshine give me a sign ; ) cheers !, 
  how , in the name of everything is holy , she did n't felt anything after she woke up ?!, 
  i 'm a woman myself and after . . well , a night with a man i have some physical signals ... she did n't feel nothing wrong after seven guys !, 
  this is ... 
  i really have no words !!!, 
  fkin criminals !!!, 
  i wish i 'd be face-to-face with one of them and stick a knife in its head !, 
  edit : yeah , now that i have a cooler head than when i wrote the initial comment i 'll only stab them in the heart !, 
  i 'm only 18 and a half myself and i automatically identified with that girl , sweat like a pig instantly when i read this ( i was in a bad situation myself , fortunately my brothers were close by and i was sober , and with only two guys not seven ! ) . 
  downvote away , but i wo n't change my statement !, 
  but i like the orange ' skin ' , in fact not sure if oranges ( those small ones with thin skin ) , i eat it all after i finish the fruit . 
  but i ate coal in my childhood so . . : ^ ), 
  sorry for the very late answer , i 've been quite busy and i would n't be ` verylateish ' if i 'll answer on time  no , i did n't thought about that , i 'm still too young to make such plans and my relationship with my boyfriend is ... well , pretty open since the distance between us is quite big and both of us love to live in our own native places lol . 
  i like what me dad do !, 
  and i love , some irish guy, 
  how do you think we fought on wien or why ? 
  yeah right !, 
  we 'll go down like our parents !, 
  you 're a lawyer or not ? 
  political life is the next step !, 
  only where i live and in some places in the east . 
  more in the south !, 
  i 'm still on high school . 
  but i can bet i 'll be in political landscape before you ; ), 
  i want that and i 'll be that !, 
  you are ? 
  i guess is similar with what our pastor said !, 
  you get some downvotes just like me , so stay away , 
  i have highschool exam this year , but i 'll book my political life !, 
  i 'll be a lawyer no matter what !, 
  you must be dry again !, 
  i choosed a neutral place . 
  come here and you 'll have enough . 
  nobody will let you leave without drinking at least a glass , no matter if winter or summer !,
