  it was only very badly crippled . 
  alright ... 
  and ? 
  none of us were more than vassal here . 
  yeah ... 
  so . . if i 'll have a little surgical operation you 'll be ok to ... say what i need ? 
  i rather make a referendum about that . 
  : ^ ) edit : it is a joke !, 
  you kinda are . 
  damn catholics !, 
  and we wonder if magyarorsz\u00e1g is balk\u00e1n . 
  well ... at least you 're smarter than me . 
  at your age ... , 
  i guess it 's only from irl or other forum 's experiences . 
  irl since hungary is the only way to the west and other forum ... well , i guess hungarians in other ( less moderated ) forums are n't very nice to them . 
  i find this idiotic cock measurement so stupid and unfortunately so dangerous in the same time that i have no idea if i feel like laughing or crying . 
  :( my opinion . 
  my ability to understand quotations at my age has its limits . 
  who said it , you ? 
  it 's made only for fun . 
  maybe she 's just ... stupid . 
  or she has some different ideas ... : /, 
  your govs should 've did something about it and many other things since you 're independent . 
  no offense !, 
  too much fuss . 
  take it since it 's your land anyway . 
  huh ?!, 
  ( o.o ), 
  this poster must be a history teacher !, 
  it 's not the first time when he knows things only locals know !, 
  history teacher in uni or a genious !, 
  some of them were ...  e : really now , they just make fun ... even the map is a fun one . 
  not exactly romanian but i give my opinion . 
  they do n't claim it !, 
  experiece < nato/eu . 
  take that ^ / s : ^ d seriously now , it will take long time and lot 's of stupidity until something like that will be even considered by a romanian gov. 
  we do n't even invaded moldova and you talk about ukraine lololol, 
  as far we are from eachother the stereotypes are more idiotic and so it 's hate . 
  imagine how much oil and gas they 'll sell to ... the other russian ? 
  only ? 
  because we have lot 's of problems irl and that 's how we can run from them for a moment . 
  making fun without hurting other people 's feelings , kind off . 
  nothing in english or french media . 
  at least not where i 've look for it . 
  well , that 's something beautiful !, 
  i 'm from oa\u015f / avass\u00e1g ( edited for / u/just _ szabi ) . 
  not even cluj suits me , not to mention hungary or sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld . 
  hungarians are the most knowledgeable people in the world when it 's about romanians . 
  we know you are n't gypsies better than anyone else but you , despite that many of us like to use this word against you for idiotic reasons . 
  not many of us are . 
  especially in romania only some in its center are . 
  we , around here , call it how trajan call it !, 
  that 's because when caesar lived nobody here talked to him ... we talked with his enemies . 
  : ^ ) e1 : it 's funny how he word it though hahaha e2 : how you word it lol, 
  even our billionaire is poorer than other countries billionaires !, 
  : '' ( ^ ^ / s thank god for that . 
  moldova has lot 's of . . unofficial ones and so does most countries in this region . 
  yeah ... he 's not a nice person though . 
  at least his buddy ilie n\u0103stase is kinda nicer , even if i found them both very conservative in words and very `` liveral '' when it 's about themselves . 
  more like ... everything in russia is his wealth . 
  200 bn are just poket money when you own russia . 
  when you own the country you do n't need any kind of property anyway . 
  at least not inside your ~ ~ property ~ ~ country . 
  not for long . 
  one day you 'll go to greece or turkey . 
  :p poor car , in that rhythm it will end up as baghdadi 's car in isis territory in no time lolol, 
  first moldova should have a cage fight with eastern romania to decide who 's the `` real '' moldova . 
  we 'll talk later about dacians and shitz , 
  very mad !, 
  i 'm in maramures now . 
  mad very !, 
  no need of clay . 
  have enough and do nothing with it . 
  chilia , rightful chilean land !, 
  well that 's a great origin right there . 
  every neighbouring country will be happy with it . 
  hahahaha, 
  okay , now that 's some crazy stuff . 
  i only knew about their stupid idea about the language . 
  til, 
   ( roma ) maybe you better use the english name for italy 's capital . 
  hahaha , 
  i pray he does n't know who put him in charge of hungary though . 
  if you 'll continue having better/cheaper services on your coast we 'll take not only southern dobruja with varna but burgas too !, 
  in the summertime only , you can keep it in the winter . 
  :d just stop stealing our cars please !, 
  we worked so much stealing them from germany for god sake ! ^ ^ / s : ^ ), 
  omg ... 
  i live in maramure\u0219 now !, 
  damn , gib mm flair !, 
  love it !, 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i should 've write it different . 
  my grandmother is * german * ( transylvanian saxon ) by the way and i 'm a minority in romania ( as in i 'm not ethnically romanian ) . 
  honestly , most of our ancestors were idiots ... if not all . 
  i think it 's mostly because most people in eastern europe have no idea about those things . 
  communism was * good * at erasing not only the elites but also memories unfortunately . 
  at least in this region our killings start to resurface in our memory but communism crimes kinda shadow them for the moment . 
  did n't knew that . 
  in fact i 'm less than 20 and a woman hahahaha e : have your upvote for making me laugh :d,
