oh c'mon , everyone is syrian these days . 
  take that edison !, 
  black people do that , why not east asians . 
  anyway , it was a joke , let 's not derail this nice topic . 
  okay  thanks for answering !, 
  why did n't you pretend you 're syrian ?!, 
  you can see the entire continent like that . 
  haha , why the downvotes ? 
  i think i said something quite real :d, 
  i live in oas , how can i. . not  !, 
  i thought is grad , i 'm sorry !, 
  so we 're going strong , 
  i 've heard about staropramen , but i did n't look for the nature of the name . 
  okay , you guys have more than one dialect  you have ?!, 
  frugal with pork grills ? 
  ok i guess those tomatoes are frugality :d, 
  celtic in romania . . ? 
  dacia and things like this will roll over !, 
  that horia guy who use to `` like us very much '' was more of a braveheart than any scot like blair !, 
  fun fact : i know those things !, 
  tell them to the guy above please  . 
  i do n't think so , people there are usually with `` str\u00e1 '' in their mouths , if you dig !, 
  i 'm relieved , i definitely thought you used a vocal there ... jesus christ ; ^ ), 
  thanks , i learned something new about romanian language , 
  could be the alans , iranic people i think , or simply it 's what all those who played a role here did the same thing in your region . 
  nothing unusual . 
  staro does n't ment anything to me unfortunately : /, 
  i smell something interesting . . please tell !!!, 
  do n't worry , nobody gon na look at some three days old topic . 
  you use it in serbian language for town ? 
  absolutely , i think the entire region was influenced by everyone who passed through here . 
  that 's why we are so similar in look and behavior ( despite xenophobs who love to say otherwise ) . 
  south and east of romania was known as cumania back in the day and after they moved in hungary there 's still romanians named `` coman '' just as there 's still magyars named k\u00fan . 
  do n't worry , for urban enthusiasts is the best , 
  indeed you did , i live in it ;p, 
  siliste means `` the place where once was a village '' or were is a village ? 
  i know a place in prahova county named silistea dealului , but there 's houses there . 
  a very good place for bikers if you like off-road , 
  as in city ? 
  how that `` i '' even end up there ? 
  it must 've been lost by someone . . jk, 
  why do i always thought `` veliko '' means old instead of great ?!?!, 
  bulgarian veliko tarnovo was always old tarnovo in my mind : /, 
  and you have the new one from our word v\u00e1ros  the ultimate magyar revenge ... : ^ d, 
  i thought , in my childhood , that it 's about turkey :d the name of this city was , for me , the absolute proof that us and finns are related with turkey . . lol edit : us as in magyars . 
  yes , but the basis of the working institutions were made under eu pressure ... america had a hand in it too , i think . 
  oh , a fellow citizen  do you have any transylvanian saxon ancestry ( brasov ) ? 
  i ask cuz one of my grannies is saxon from sibii ( which is kind of funny if you take in consideration that if my grandpa wanted to marry a german he could 've done it with a schwabian one since we have some in my region :d ) . 
  by the way , i 'm sorry for replying so late  . 
  he may show up to someone else , cos i did n't see it hahaha :d, 
  he 's a normal person who kinda believe in a different kind of book !, 
  and he use marijuana , not in the holy month . . strange !, 
  we are not sz\u00e9kely !!!, 
  in my village is in both . 
  probably because orb\u00e1n is a prime minister , not a president ... jesus christ !, 
  you 're so ignorant , in a sweet way :d probably , not to mention that my friend eat ham like there 's no tomorrow , but not that month . 
  please do tell when i 've said anything remotely looking as a hate speech !, 
  i may be scared about them , but i do n't hate anybody !, 
  and is satu mare ... not mures . 
  can you show me where i said something like that ? 
  i have turkish friends who do n't eat a month for god sake !, 
  i 'm on a trip with me motorcycle , albania is gorgeous !, 
  yeah , i believe that when i see it :( , 
  this is so . . swedish hahaha : ^ d, 
  i 'm in albania for the moment , but if you want we can met in satu mare . 
  i 'll be with at least one of my brothers :d, 
  you never met any magyar mate :d yeah , sweden . . most probably with immigrant background . 
  why do n't you show them to me ? 
  i may be wrong and those people , if they are alive , could hurt me . 
  welcome to romania , where hungarian people exist !, 
  i 've seen so many times those kind of `` story '' about my country , from people who know absolutely nothing about it . . just like you , that i kinda feel tired . 
  if you knew someone romanian , you 'll talk different to a woman . 
  are you from sweden ? 
  i think i 'll just report this :d but i wo n't , ultimately you 'll look stupid not me . 
  by the way , that 's how you speak to your wife . . or any woman . . ? 
  and i wo n't end anything . 
  op is about romania , your posts are absolutely about the op ( or else you must have picked the wrong topic ) , so i am right and you are wrong !, 
  thank you very much  edit : i am hungarian , but i live in romania . 
  okay , if they are `` romantic '' . . 
  i 'll rest my case !, 
  you do n't know anything about this country mate !, 
  i 'm sorry but all of your wall is kinda s.it . 
  i 'm not insulted :d i may look irrational for you , but i think your posts it 's a reference to the op and you kinda know nothing about this country . 
  you just assumed some things . 
  i 'm hungarian by the way . 
  because i did n't saw any , that 's why !, 
  and i live here and you do n't . 
  but he may have to walk on the streets . 
  i do n't care , romania is the op country so your post is about it . 
  call them out cos i do n't see any of them . 
  strange , i know , but we do n't have such idiots . 
  if you know better ... 
  and you do n't even know how to spell the most usual cuss !, 
  spare me the bullshit . 
  i 'm not even romanian by the way . 
  we are ?!, 
   i only see flairs and yours is bavaria . 
  unfortunately no , poland can fit that . 
  thank you poland , at least some of us know where to send the `` quota 's '' in the next years !, 
  straight north !,
