  and i kinda know why . 
  in romania women can work but they ca n't think , that 's the general opinion in lots of circle and/or circumstances . 
  and unfortunately , more or less , it 's something generalized on the internet too . 
  i mean , no offense intended , but when i post on ... let 's say reddit , i 'm always greeted with `` dude and ` he ' and all sorts of masculine names only because i talk about political issues or craps made `` for men '' . 
  i ride a motorcycle , it 's illegal for me until next month but i do n't on public roads , and my mum still is in a very bad mood and has a very bad opinion about girls who do that . 
  i do n't know if anyone understood anything from my rant , but i think most people do n't know , or want to know ( many women included , in this country and maybe allover the world ) that we know what to do `` just like men '' !, 
  edit : words . 
  wow , we 're shrinking like there 's no tomorrow !, 
  some parts of extreme south of romania looks like albania ( by the way , what 's wrong with albania ?! ), 
  well , at least is a little blue spot in sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld , romania stronk rightful sz\u00e9kely land lolol, 
  thank you : ^ d, 
  why the heck they named it wasr ?!, 
  it means something ? 
  was a joke mate :d, 
  please also be so kind to remind me when russians were actually ethnically cleansed by anybody . 
  i read it three times :d ( that 's maybe cos i 'm a little boyish ) . 
  you should have read it since it involves rural life , war and to spice things up the almighty revenge lol . 
  now you put me in a corner , i do n't think i 've heard about ion druta ... but i 've heard about mircea druc lolol, 
  i even have electricity since i was born , imagine that :d, 
  okay , 
  that 's cuz you 're supiriur ` muricans . 
  guns and rifles are not fun . 
  bikes are :d, 
  that 's quite sad since he wrote a lot about your part of moldova ( neamul soimarestilor comes to mind - i 'm not sure , but i think there i 've heard about orhei ) and he 's ... well moldovan . 
  not from the actual moldovan rep. but still . 
  i mean , the greatest moldovan ever was a guy half muntenian :p, 
  must be a romanian meat who cause cancer !, 
  maily dayl will show them all right , fkin bastards who stole our jobs and take our benefits away from us and . . in the same time and cause us cancer ... . wait now , that 's the guardian ... those guys cause cancer and benefits not to mention about jobs ... 
  i absolutely know , now !, 
  not quite , we are like 1/4 magyars 1/2 romanians some slovakians and czechs ( most of them call themselves moravians ) and gypsies of course . 
  i 'm 18 in july okay , and i 'm not a man . 
  do you know what no5 from channel is ? 
  not that perfume btw . 
  my dad did n't , and he 's 60 . 
  my mum did n't either !, 
  and my brothers do n't think about it . 
  looks like we 're going to be the single family who cares about this country , and we are n't even romanians . 
  i 'm very patriotic , for my village !, 
  yes i kinda know what you mean , but still ... she was more than stupid . 
  yes i know ... now !, 
  that 's a. . . 
  we do n't need that , we had enough of it in the past !, 
  late edit : okay it 's not a gun it 's a rifle . 
  oh c'mon , shor is good enough if renato is there ( with that ugly face and forehead ) . 
  okay now , ... what in the highest hill name is an ak47 and a wasr ?!, 
  i 'm european , ok ? 
  renato has a bad suit too !, 
  not to mention he 's ugly like hell , while shor is kinda ... somehow good-looking ;p, 
  yes that 's us and you are stupid enough to buy them !, 
  what ?!, 
  if romania goes into autonomous regions i want one too !, 
  i 'm hungarian and i very much think i 'm entitled to be autonomous !, 
  lolol i do n't need that , again , and i definitely do n't want moldova to be part of us ( we have one moldova and it 's enough ) . 
  oh , so he `` sacrificed '' itself ... poor poor little man he is !, 
  it is but i 'm not able to post links because i 'm on a phone ( i 'm very much stupid and do n't know how to do it ) . 
   romania journal i think . 
  wow i love them , they 're kinda isis like but their songs works for me while on the bike :d, 
  did he even live there ? 
  you should move here , a soft gun ( dunno how to name it - air ones ) it 's unheard here . 
  thank you !!, 
  i do n't know or care about political shits , i 'm just horrified by this !, 
  nobody in europe want to give anything , but we kinda do !, 
  well you have sea like lakes !, 
  i do n't understand anything you 're saying !, 
  unfortunately i 'm very stupid . 
  what ? 
  slap maybe :p, 
  i think it 's good like that , because romania end up with me who talk romanian worse than you but i definitely do n't want to be a citizen of orb\u00e1nistan . 
  no parking dispute , he even parked his car ( more or less ) like a normal person !, 
  he even looked like a normal geek !, 
  late edit : i 'm downvoted because of ... 
  why ?!, 
  i just said that the guy parked his car quite normal and he looks like a geek . 
  lolol let those burgers be , will ya !, 
  i like a bite ... 
  it is , you guys have lots of time zones !, 
  do n't worry , i feel your pain since i live exactly beside a corn field !, 
  but i have a mountain in the other direction :d, 
  and it 's ten a clock there ? 
  i thought you are in hawaii :d yes i know i 'm stupid !, 
  i live in a little village in northern romania and i like it . 
  unfortunately you 're right , nobody gon na give a dime for the victims in a couple of weeks :( a gun for a present ?!, 
  something 's wrong there !, 
  edit : my time is 18:09 , where you live ? 
  lots of people should , but i 'm just horrified by this . 
  he did that for what ?!? 
  i do n't think that guy was a muslim !, 
  i do n't know how :( plus i 'm on a phone !, 
  edit : i just saw it on cnn . 
  last edit : downvote all you want , i just said the truth . 
  i think anyone here knows about the church killings in south carolina . 
  fortunately they already `` saved '' them in the 90 's and transnestria was born . 
  what 's unfortunate is that lot of people there are still brainwashed by russian t.v. 
  huh :d, 
  they 'll chose putin only for the lulz  sadoveanu as in mihail sadoveanu !, 
  c'mon now , you did n't heard about him ? 
  well ... 
  i love moldovans and i really do n't want to call them names but that was very stupid !, 
  lot of people here are ... uninformed , i 've seen a magyar guy who 's a very romania mare hardcore supporter lolol , but on local elections we are quite different than you - we vote for who can do something good , not for a `` star '' . 
  edit : local as in mayor .
