  so , in the end , you believe . . what about those things ? 
  are those tunnels military guarded ? 
  undisputed is kinda big bad word , it 'll probably send you there in a tinfoil hat conference :p army officers in both our armed forces , back then , were absolutely unaware that something like a war can kill people . 
  hopefully you changed it now , we did it big time ( even our `` chef of the army '' or something like that , was in iraq and afghanistan - not the minister - my brother told me that , he 's in the army ) . 
  i 've read it , there was vice and hairy old men there ... while little girls were absolutely amazed by them hairy old men despite the water . 
  my friend , i was on all kinds of beaches with my parents since i was a little girl and damn be the sandwich i eat now if any hairy something was in my mind ... except my cat or dog , whatever we got with us there . 
  if a hairy old man is a problem for a girl , then we all should have a problem since we all have a father : ^ d, 
  looks like it 's about discrimination against people who wear tongs : ^ d, 
  then let 's ban umbrellas , or enforce it for anyone , on a beach !, 
  because i usually stay under one in my first days at sea ( otherwise i 'll be mistaken for a boiled lobster in no time ) and gradually `` getting out '' from it until i can stay in the sun . 
  most of these people use nudist beaches to have an uniformed tan and some use it cos they think it 's healthy . 
  instead closing it , build a feckin wall and call it a day . 
  late edit : i think a private beach for nudists is in the `` spirit '' of not letting little girls staring at some hairy 60 old man thingy the orthodox church proclaimed through putin 's cronies mouths ... 
  the little girls can do that in church !, 
  c'mon , gim me a break ... ca n't be !, 
  individuals are stupid enough to do things like that but not governments . . or do they ? 
  after communism ? 
  that 's exactly what bulgaria needed , digging for failures . 
  i think i remember that me dad told me that it was a time in the 90s when eggs were kind of a currency in bulgarian markets ( not sure when though ) , so i think the money were used for digging . . jesus christ !, 
  nope , i 'm not into those things . 
  i 'm very much a skeptic person in everything i do/heard/believe . 
  but still i 'm interested why those aliens scared the poor soldiers to death if they had a contract with these same soldiers ? 
  bad aliens !, 
  oh please !, 
  there were even in ceausescu 's romania . 
  my grandparents even used some , 
  bravo !, 
  totally legitimate ?!, 
  even communists allowed this type of beaches . 
  what 's happening here is just putin playing the orthodox sang of vice and blasphemy ... isis would love him as their caliph . 
  ca n't wait until they 'll ~ ~ close ~ ~ clean , at least , the ` depraved ' kremlin . / s seriously now , when a big chunk of your population has problems with lack of money for food and whatnot and instead handle confiscated products to them you make a circus by destroying them products on t.v. 
  while staying cozy and pampered in kremlin , i think even a bdsm porn movie is less depraved than you !, 
  but they really dug those tunnels and for that reason alone or it 's just a myth like our laser cannons ? 
  i do n't think it 's embarrassing if you yourself say it to the world and be able to make fun of yourself , would be a great embarrassment if i or another foreigner would find out about that and you 'll deny it . 
   nutters and all kinds of conspiracy theorists exist in every country , u.s. has the most tinfoil hats per capita me think , i have one or two in my family ( my g-grandpa has one bigger than his house hahahahaha ) , so there 's no shame here since you 're on par with the rest of the world . 
  for the moment i just broke my bike and fix it during a trip in brasov and prahova counties here in romania . 
  the trip down to your country is scheduled for the second half of september  because some of us ( yours truly lolol ) ca n't take the heat too easy ... throw ups and things like that hahaha : ^ d, 
  that was n't in ceausescu 's time though . 
  at least in the '80s the dissidents would at most be sent to a mental institution . 
  i know one guy died because of it but unfortunately i do n't remember his name , saw it some time ago in a `` memorialul durerii '' documentary . 
  indeed , i never heard anything about things like that during ceausescu 's ages . 
  horrible crimes happened before him , during dej and petru groza ... pitesti experiment and sighet comes to mind , plus the execution of `` partisans '' . 
  yes . 
  i mean , you can be able to be a fascist and hate hitler in the same time ... 
  i think . 
  he absolutely despise anything related to russia , but in the same time he 's very fond on communism . 
  of course i 'll send you one , just wait until i 'll be 87 and senile enough to be able to find one : ^ d alien artifacts ?!, 
  that 's an entire new level of insanity if true lolololol, 
  my grand grandpa is convinced that we did that . 
  he 's kinda communist , so ... 
  you make me curious :d romanians ... 
  we did ?!, 
  we . . who ? 
  of course we did invent ... anything !, 
  i do n't do drugs . 
  tsipras has some balls , putting himself in the line with an early elections , never thought he 's such a macho !, 
  she 's a great example in school , for those looking to see european political life , as how not to treat your parents :p do n't worry , nobody who vote for something like that would be here / s : ^ d, 
  mainstream parties are corrupt , but i rather vote them than anything who resemble extremism !, 
  i hope you guys have some brains !, 
  laser guns ... my grandfather is convinced that `` we fucked them '' !, 
  never heard anything about such things !, 
  i 'm hungarian living in romania ... 
  i must hate v-tudor by default :d she 's a `` populist '' , she finds a niche and fill in . 
  good for her , what 's unfortunate is that she does n't fail at finding people who like her ... way , in france !, 
  in my france , the country i love almost more than my own !, 
  i think romania 's vadim-tudor is better than her , to govern anything that 's it . 
  idiots !!!, 
  send it to homeless people and orphanages !, 
  damn fools !, 
  copelovici does n't sound romanian at all . 
  he may be from a jewish family from here . 
  i know , and unfortunately for me i love france ... :(, 
  and of course she , the chosen one , can send the old man to . . florida :d in a very celtic way :p, 
  damn , you 're probably right ;d, 
  maybe i exaggerate , but she 's not something to be proud of if even ukip shunned a cooperation with her . 
  unfortunately for her , i ca n't be illegal since i 'm from e.u. 
  we are everywhere , fortunately for you we usually use normal conversation instead arrows ;p, 
  and probably put me , if there , in a camp for subhumans ... 
  yes , of course !, 
  so , if i will be there in her time . . 
  i 'll be sent back , `` lager '' , or shot ? 
  keep in mind i 'm the very least desirable eastern european . 
  you , yourself would vote for her ? 
  it 's not a party my friend , it 's just like communism in eastern europe . 
  just google `` corruption romania '' and see how much u.k. `` suffers '' from it . 
  of course it 's more corrupt than u.k. , fortunately our corruption does n't matter in a world wide picture , yours instead ... 
  please , i thought i talked to someone who knows what he 's talking about , not some agenda guy !, 
  k , i absolutely know who said that , i 'm not buying it , and i 'm very aware about you ... jihadists . 
  oh c'mon , i 'm very romanian sometimes ... except for language , 
  romania has high crime rates ?!, 
  okay , maybe it has , i did n't see it tough . 
  i usually walk around unattended since i was born . 
  and a murder usually means you 're on t.v. 
  but i guess you know better . 
  edit : since the downvote gang is here , i 'm a girl . . magyar speaking one . . who can walk around in prahova like she would n't dare in london !, 
  unfortunately i 'm magyar :'( : ^ d, 
  all politicians are opportunists , he 's no exception . 
  what bothers me is that his speech makes me look bad ( yes i know , i 'm biased like any other person ) . 
  i 'm not romanian , but i 'm very much a citizen of romania and i 'm offended by this mice blabber ... if i would be german i would n't mind . . do n't tell the world now :d really ?!, 
  how so ?
