  please do , i love macedonia ( or whatever it will be named ) and its tolerance !, 
  i said it 's not a bad feeling against turks here , that 's all !, 
  c'mon obi , do n't say that , 
  `` dark '' side ? 
  it 's not so difficult . 
  a woman 's vagina can tell a lot about her sexlife . 
  it 's about money , since any kind of medical tests are expensive . 
  edit : i wonder if the downvoters have that !, 
  i that it 's illegal anywhere in europe !, 
  edit : that = think . 
  well , in 99 \u2105 of raping cases there 's no `` witness '' !, 
  it 's not like that animal would do that in a public square at twelve afternoon !, 
  this is a big fckuk you to humanity , if true , not only brits !!, 
  that 's a f.ing joke , or what ?!??? 
  really now !? 
  hmm , looks like belgian citizens ( etc ) are important enough for eu , ca n't say the same thing about polish and romanian ones though ... eh ? 
  * force . 
  * immigrants . 
  in donbass ?!, 
  must be a confusion there , you 're into crimea . . maybe ? 
  :p remove !!!, 
  in the south they 're called russians . 
  thanks !, 
  did n't knew about those , we also know that you guys did n't really liked chairs , at least until xviii-th century . 
  huh ? 
  indian like in native american or real indian ? 
  it does n't seem to be like that here !, 
  late edid : looks like , for two people at least , it does . 
  i wonder if they 're from here ? 
  looks like the stereotype is older than i 've thought !, 
  lol edit : say something about their cucumbers and big heads !, 
  you 're forced to do that lolol, 
  must be since tilly 's times . 
  indeed ... hmmm / s, 
  i wonder how many seconds they 'll be face-cover here ? 
  ten ... ? 
  do n't worry , i hate maths and love geography , law , literature . 
  you maybe like math , chemistry and physics !, 
  ( * \u2206 \u00b0 ) ouch !!, 
  imagine what a wild night . 
  sometimes i hate i 'm not a man ... and a dictator !, 
  what bro ? 
  i ca n't see any  you 're going to kill a defenseless woman ???? 
  i bet he 'll kill me !, 
  stomped on the traffickers head , big time and you 'll be better than us !, 
  now you 're not , believe me !, 
  we modernised this now , iron stake is the future and i have lots in my yard for you . . if you put that communist sickles in my face again !, 
  ( o.o ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ huh ? 
  look at that booth vladi !!, 
  made by disney . . or antonio ( ? ), 
  adamo by private chanel , 
   of political bullshit who can have a big impact on us all , if they start bullshitting for real !, 
  the younger ones , not silvi , 
  my granny has . . more air under her scarf than her  hot and undercover !, 
  could be a movie title , damn i 'm so smart ... lolol, 
  c'mon , do n't you know erdo like to keep his women `` undercover '' : ^ p edit : `` important topic '' . . 
  i just ca n't stop laughing :d, 
  lololol and i thought i have a sick mind :d edit : it was a joke . . geeez, 
  make bunga-bunga , not war !!!, 
  honestly , i 'd love to see a bunga-bunga between erdo and vladi !, 
  no worries , it 's just i 've seen you go over and over about romania . 
  by the way , i was in your country this autumn , 
  and it 's better to pose as a refugee , who will definitely be deported back , than to apply for a permit ? 
  genuine question . 
  we wish , at least in the winter !, 
  unfortunately we border ukraine not greece . 
  and ukraine is cold in the winter , sometimes colder than your place :'( learn geography , damn it !!, 
  what 's this obsessive romania thingy . . why not bulgaria or something . . ? 
  you tell me ; ^ ), 
  albanians need a visa for eu ?!, 
  anyone who was a part of the glorious su and now has a national conscience , is a fascist , nazi and imperialist !!!, 
  / s your estonia is an empire , while russia , of course , it 's not !, 
  sorry , i was bit ( ?! ), 
  by a dog that evening and i was throwing shat allover the internet . . especially cos i could n't get the little f. . ker to `` kill '' him !, 
  had to relieve my range somewhere , since irl i had to smile like a very educated miss and pretend that i ca n't be upset for such a small thing and how cute that . . f. ... beast was haha : / i 'm very sorry :(, 
  romania has historical regions and every region has a flag . 
  in fact every county , town and village has its flag here , just like in your country . 
  because i have a choice , just like you , 
  no worries , you 're in a very famous company , 
  hahahaha do n't even dare to erase it !!!!, 
  it 's awesome and somehow . . endearing , 
  ok now , tell your friends from `` budapest '' that i live in satu mare , not in bihor . 
  and harghita/covasna is n't even close to where i live , nor where bihar is !, 
  good friends you must have , there in ... budapest lolol have an upvote for your kindness , 
  i believe you . 
  i 've learned my french in rwanda when i was a little girl !, 
  congratulations still , i live in eastern europe and except some bad words here and there , i know nothing in any slavic language : /, 
  we as in magyars from romania want to take parts of hungary ?!, 
  huh ? 
  it means that my ethnicity is not romanian , 
  no , i 've learned some serbian swearing words though  i do n't know any kind of slavic language , unfortunately . 
  and russian for me sounds almost like ukrainian ( official one ) but not like the version we have here - i live in a village on the border with south-western ukraine - and different from the other slavic languages . 
  as a matter of fact ill put russian and ukrainian in one team , bulgarian i 'll recognize immediately ( not sure why ) , polish , czech and szlovak only if i see it written ( polish is like a sore thumb ) and i may confuse them with south slavic ones except for bulgarian for some reason . 
  hey , the mod want to look pretentious while looking out of the window , not smashing his head in it !!!, 
  i 'm from romania and i know magyar , romanian ( very thick accent and slippery grammar/writing ) , a very atrocious english ( writing , convo 's are not a problem ) , french ( ca n't write but i can read and make myself understood pretty well in a conversation ) , some italian , catalan and spanish . 
  unfortunately portuguese is way out of my league . 
  oh , unfortunately for my beloved granny , who 's transylvanian saxon , i do n't have a clue about german . . 
  it just does n't want to stick with me whatsoever : /, 
  nobody can , they 're like slovenia of the north . 
  czech ?!,
