  oh shut up , you 're almost as * old * as my brothers !, 
  and both are grown-up kids . 
  men !, 
  do n't worry , i do n't usually say that to older men . 
  i say `` s\u0103ru ' m\u00e2na '' tho . . it 's what we say here and not in romanian . 
  oh god no !!!, 
  it was just a joke and i hope mr / u/paganel wo n't mind !, 
  ( saying mr before his username is cringe as hell tho ahahaha ... 
  seriously now , i really think he 's posts are very okay and i did n't intended to offend anybody . 
  you tell me : /, 
  1990 romania , in many ways , was way behind 1930 romania . 
  so no surprise there . 
  lle : prove me wrong , democracy-wise !, 
  poland is eu since czech rep. is !, 
  the use of capital aka money in everything . 
  from imports until people who bought bread . 
  everything was based on capital . 
  states can be capital-based even if they proclaim to be communist . 
  so / u/istencsaszar was n't wrong . 
  it was n't exactly best korea either . 
  but in europe , in the last 80s , only albania was worse . 
  you were a teenager two years before i was born ? 
  now i feel like i must say '' * s\u0103ru ' * * m\u00e2na * ! '', 
  every time i see your username . 
  damn !, 
  this is horrible !, 
  as a ( almost ) rape victim i feel some of her pain !, 
  yeah , but i guess it makes you better informed than most people . 
  not to mention that you were n't exactly opposed to s/his answer . 
  s/he 's italian . 
  you just ask her/him to give itself a break . 
  ufd is not going to sound good , especially for a german . 
  try afd . ^ ^ / s :p edit : lol downvotes . 
  i forgot to ad / s. 
  these germans and their unique sense of humour , 
  haha lol, 
  okay , i 'll let it like that . 
  so . . pogroms in ireland , no ? 
  op where are you ? 
  targeted houses ... assassination . 
  these things were/are unheard here . 
  but we still pogrommed everything in sightings since that 's what anglosphere media say but anytime a person from here say anything touchy about a country from there you guys came with excuses ... but it was not like that because ... !, 
  bollocks , you killed eachother just like we did . 
  i 'm protestant myself and my boyfriend is irish catholic by the way . 
  corner of your car ... or only because you were obviously a rich kid ?!, 
  how old are you by the way ? 
  yes , but they were n't exactly a big fuss a in gypsy village either , my friend . 
  lots of things are wrong with him . 
  this is not , he kinda is partially turkish . 
  russia is okay with germany big time !, 
  thanks god you were n't alone in deciding our fate again ... cuz economy this time . 
  ask your ex-mayor , if you 're a londoner . 
  f. . k boris the turk !, 
  racist ; ^ ), 
  i do n't exactly know communism . 
  i was born in 97 . 
  edit : did your car just * walked * in those villages or what ? 
  you must be better . 
  i promised my mum i 'll tell her these days lolololololol do n't worry , i joke : ^ ), 
  greek influences in fact . 
  my friend , this word has its roots in the 19 century russia . 
  those were pogroms not what you have here . 
  otherwise i can say that you pogrommed protestants in some places in roi and they did same to you in ulster and all are quite recently made . 
  all made while u.k. pogrommed you both for hundreds of years , one village per day . 
  you really should n't take everything you see on the internet as a face value . 
  try to see for yourself a little, 
  it is a european culture . 
  they came in europe almost eight hundred years ago . 
  lots of people have less than ten years here and already complain about natives when they move from one place to another and their drinking habits . 
  in some countries !, 
  no it 's not . 
  japanese are efficient and isis is scum !, 
  that 's true . 
  if you think about it better , it surely was . 
  because these things were n't confined to eastern europe or ukraine . 
  they may had another name , depending of the country , but they 're still pogroms . 
  normal people wo n't say `` germans are efficient '' because normal people know this is n't true . 
  same with gypsies and scum . 
  oh yeah , even before i 've heard about reddit a polish guy , friend with my dad , told us that his wife does n't wanted to come here because `` i wo n't go in a country where only gypsies live '' . 
  she came after two years , and lots of arguments ... and she changed her mind completely . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  i 'm not exactly romanian , but i live here and i care about this country . . kinda . 
  it 's not only we , many here also think that . 
  even moldovans from rep. of moldova are called russians in some places here . 
  it 's the language i guess . 
   where i live , we know the difference btw . 
  then you 're a sith because you said `` they are scum '' not me . 
  she 's a normal woman in her late 40s who live like anyone here . 
  she 's just dark skined . 
  us as . . ?!, 
  we do n't have enough money for hospitals or schools and you ask us to give for ( what is seen here ) a pest ?!, 
  i talk about those who live in theirown communities , not about those who live a normal ( our normal ) life and these last ones are many too . 
  i understand you and god is my witness i wish it could be done !!!, 
  but as a knowledgeable person , i doubt it can be done until we reach at least your level of development ... not in my lifespan unfortunately . 
  this !, 
  well , tell that to two streets of gypsies in a village . 
  `` stealing is bad music is good guys !, 
  and send your kids to school . '', 
  they 'll laugh in your face or behind your back while stealing your phone or wallet or whatever you have in your backpacks . 
  for their integration we ( we as in cee ) need more money than we have for everything else or 100 years of fierce dictatorships .
